They have already done a healer only brawl though Blizzard should make a brawl where you could only play as your least played hero. Just an idea.
"Well, at least *ONE* 1998 draft QB's signed a one day contract with their original team Matt Hasselbeck Signs One-Day Contract With Seahawks"
"Yeah, that carbon dioxide stuff is super hazardous and flammable. People are already blowing themselves up rapidly enough with butane. Please don't add a much larger explosion to the history of the oil craze."
"...or until he can't pay his rent, utilities, etc. I mean, if you've already spent this much, at least keep going until you get the relic..."
"But they can't, they put a daemon on the cover of the last game. They should use this Collector's edition graphic as the cover for the new Doom, instead of the generic one that is getting all the hate right now."
"In other news, officials are considering a multihour handicap for quadriplegics for the new ""handicaple challenge"". A woman won the 2013 Asics LA Marathon ahead of all men, won $ 50000 gender challenge. || She really arrived ahead of all the men and was the overall winner of the marathon. She got triple the first man's prize money. Of course, there is a catch."
By getting the most votes! How does Donald Trump win a general election?
"Oh, I can here to ask this! What kind of backwoods troglodyte likes pizza?"
"But don't you know women aren't funny? Maria Bamford, Tig Notaro, Sarah Silverman, Jenny Slate, Amy Schumer, Chelsea Peretti, Kristin Schaal, Josie Long, Jo Brand."
"We need a ... *final solution* ... to the White Girl Problem. Ugh, white girls, someone ought to do something about them."
"wow gf f2p This is all part of our up sell strategy. The next step is for members to get one extra frame per animation to aid in fluidity. I know it might be a bit too much of a benefit, but the data said we had to do it."
"thank you for that info that we didn't know cause we never read anything about champion mastery in the announcement page or the microsite or the PBE notes once you max your champion masteries use ""cntrl6"" to show off your emblem during game"
"Clearly, banning encryption is necessary to capture these terrorist masterminds. Couple convicted of planning London attack A British couple have been convicted of plotting an attack in London after the husband sent out tweets asking for advice on which targets he should hit, alerting police to a stockpile of chemicals at their home."
"Nu esti roman adevarat daca nu iti dai cu parerea despre orice rahat, indiferent cat de relevant sau nu e pentru tine, so gtfo Eu nu inteleg de ce generalizezi ""noi romanii"". In afara faptului de a te lepada de homosexuali, de ce ai face asta? Eu sunt roman si hetero, dar nu urasc homosexuali si nici nu simt nevoia sa deschid subiecte publice pe tema asta."
"We're getting close to the point people will start to argue for 4 states for 2 peoples solution. Gaza car blasts target Hamas, Islamic Jihad armed wings, ISIL Suspected"
I'm shocked Study shows: Second Intifada was planned by the PA
205 OFFICIALLY RUINED Lyman Good pulled from 205 due to potential violation
"oh cool, now our life caps out at 250, THAT will help against the hardmode bosses Mobile developers working hard to get Hardmode for Mobile soon."
"I've always wanted to spend days of my life practising to work at Starbucks! Because you don't have the drive for it. If you trudged through the hours and hours of practice it takes to get better, you would. Whether you have a good artistic vision, well that's purely subjective."
"Lost the puck twice, bust Matthews hits the ice for first time at Leafs training camp"
Guess its back to 9gag for me I don't want to move websites again.
"Maybe the groom hates teenagers that aren't blood relatives? They're still inviting the groom's 17/18 year old sister, it sounds like the groom has a problem with OP."
Welcome back smallpox My feet feel a little bit itchy...
"In fact he married six or seven of them. Romney kind to women, ex-aides say"
"OMG, youre so right, its like people can only care about one thing at a time, and it has to always be other people. **People** are dying in other countries for their religion, race, and creed but THIS right here is the big issue."
"You mean ""thank god"" right? Congratulations to the surgeons. Great job!"
Sound logic right there. It either happens or it doesn't; 50:50
It's less horrifying if it happens to men... The same can happen to men you realise?
"William Nylander exchange rate - 1:1 Who wants to help me with a little random project for tonight's r/Hockey GDT? Basically, I'm going to do my usual hype thread, but for each an every Toronto line, I want to have an approximation (think currency) exchange rate for a Dougie Hamilton. For Example - *Toronto's top line, weighing in at a combined weight of the relief that they may be getting rid of Holland and worth (0.73) Dougie Hamiltons: Name, Name, Name.* The part I need help with, is determining approximate value for their players compared to a Dougie Hamilton. Since we've gone over this so many times, I feel we may have a bit of a consensus of player approximate value, a-la NHL 17...or hell, if someone has a copy of that and can just get me a screen shot I can work with that. Ideally, the horse will be officially beaten to death after tonight."
"Nice that they placed 10 doll heads up there... Doll Factory, the last production run Spain"
"Truly, a punishment that fits the crime! RE: To a woman getting raped walking home: "" Thats what she gets for walking home alone and drunk"""
"didn't you know only white people can be racist? ... it's not just white men, a lot of people from different races do it."
"But the autobahn is great, so it's no wonder why people mourned his death Adolf Hitler had a mixed record on Jews if I remember correctly"
"Right, and you're the only one who is entitled to judge everyone else. Okay r/politics, here's the deal. Hitler wrote Mein Kampf before he became Chancellor and before the war. In it, he wrote of his plans for genocide and wars of conquest. Trump wrote Art of the Deal... in it, he talked about how taking extremist positions on issues and then backing down is a valid negotiating tactic. Anyone, including Louis C.K, who compares anyone running to Hitler is an idiot. There are no ""buts"" here. You are an idiot ignorant of history."
"Yeah, cus ""negging"" and being a pickup artist really work. Actually, this could have been a really clever move. 1. Be the generous guy, willing to give up a seat to a friend. 2. Make her uncomfortable with the other guy. (hinting that you switched seats so he could hit on her and make her feel that discomfort for 4 hours.) 3. Seem indifferent to being near her. She won't stop thinking about why you'd volunteer to be less comfortable just to not be near her. This is all hypothetical, but I think he knows what he's doing."
"Yeah like that Hitler guy, I mean all he said was ""Kill all jews"" nothing *too* genocidal. Umm... This article is a way over the top exaggeration of what she actually said. It's hyperbolic articles like this that fuel hatred towards others."
definitely more consistent than JW m0E hits some flicks
"If walt was mexican... Damn .. I thought that Obama got you guys a healthcare or something. The greatest, richest empire in the world should never have patients in that desperate spot of need."
Worlds confirmed scripted Imagine the IP those dudes would win if H2k beats SKT.
"We are still paying for the last 17m immigrants Migrant crisis: Germany, European Commission mull solidarity tax for refugees"
"Hey anon, its close enough Horse Wife - Kids"
"They're too main stream man man I hate how almost every single metal head bashes and hates on metallica , but we all know most of them started there and still listen to them. I got turned off by the metal scene (I love metal music and punk and all) by the way the people act, they act like if you like something ""mainstreams"" well you're a loser."
Oh please don't take my beloved thoughtsteal! then say bye to thoughtsteal/entomb
"can be useful sometimes ;) I posted on here once that Hamilton had 'stolen' an image I had put on r/formula1 and used it on his Twitter. It was meant to be tongue in cheek but reddit being reddit felt like they have to go out of their way to disprove me, saying how the border was ever so slightly different, etc."
But there wasn't even any bowling :( Ballad of Gay Tony was better than GTA IV.
"naw dust 2, what's mirage? Mirage?"
Lucky football managers always going forward in time to the future! Arsene Wenger explains how The Invincibles happened with 2 Arsenal legends &amp; William Gallas
"I thought Nintendo didn't have any good games anymore? Yeah, i can't wait to play a 8 years old game again...who cares about Skyrim, i can play it on my PC with mod which are way better than the remastered, i want Switch for Mario, Zelda, Splatoon. Mario Kart, Smash Bros, Phoenix Wright, Rhythm Heaven, Xenoblade, Layton, Pokemon, Metroid etc...."
"Oh dang, you weren't supposed to know! We have a discord? ;)"
"Thanks for the answer, and yeah you *might* get noticed when you do this. Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't, depends on the item, and how high you're holding it. Good luck trying it with a worker out there though."
"to be fair if i was a republican and after many republican comments on rape and birth control, i wouldnt want women to be able to vote either. According to figures compiled by the Brennan Justice Center, only 66% of voting age women nationwide have ready access to documents that prove their citizenship and is in their current legal name."
"ITS WHY TRUMP WON But don't call them racist, it might hurt their feelings."
"And they even had his measurements! That part of the story never really made sense to me. It was like Palpatine had the suit in waiting on Coruscant. Even if one accounts for Hyperspace travel, it still doesn't make a lot of sense. ""Prepare a suit for Lord Vader that looks nothing like anything else we've ever seen in this galaxy."" Having some random Mustafar peeps haul his body into someone's house, and have them put the suit together over the course of a week or so, to save his life, would have been more appropriate I feel. But what do I know?"
"No I just hate everyone Probs a hivemind Mang0 fan, i wouldn't look into it too much"
Because the SEC DEs would buy soda from 7-11 rather than SSS Duterte leads mock poll at convenience store chain
"If they can swallow a sword, can't they swallow a vacuum hose? How do they remove the glass?"
"I guess you can read them Christopher Hitchens books or something. How exactly would you ""show"" someone atheism? It's not a belief system or religion."
"Not as accurate as a banana though Ah, scale for scale."
"Those bastards! NBC's Olympic viewership is down 25%, blames millenials."
*dime On a goddamn sixpence
"Well then fuck you too sir. I agree about the officiating, on both sides. Wild got screwed in game 5. But I absolutely do not wish you one iota of luck. I hope all of the pucks that catch iron bounce our way, I hope parise breaks his stick on a well placed 1-timer. I hope this series has 0 overtimes and we win in 4 and get the maximum rest between series. So no sir, I wish you terrible luck!"
"I will when they do. ...Said every person of every genre/band they don't like. What a trite comment. I'm not defending Tool, but you have to try harder than that."
"OP, don't you know that if you indicate it automatically gives you right of way to enter a lane even if someone else is already in it? Trucker almost drives into me, proceeds to flash his lights and honk at me."
"don't worry, it will all be fixed in the next election. Chris Christie: U.S. Has Lost Its Moral Leadership Under Obama"
"Croatia/Hungary drown refugees! Watch out, they might start sending boats..."
"but muh hearthstone is a competitive game even with a retarded amount of rng its all skill Classic HS, play some cards but in the end flip a coin. 50% chance you win, 50% chance you lose."
Ultra realistic 2D cockpit I re-created AF 358 in FSX how did I do?
Obviously this is how to convince muslims there's no crusade against their religion Just French police things
"Or you could look at who is getting upvoted and who is getting downvoted ;-) But yeah the downvoted person probably has the correct logic That's because the Caribbean sea is a specific example, and not necessarily the excluded one. If the only two seas in the world were the North and the Caribbean then it kinda does. Before you start calling my logic flawed, look at your own insufficient comparisons."
Bro you let it go out for a sec What is this sorcery?!
"Montreal typical Alexei Emelin dives to save a goal, gets delay of game penalty"
But where's the empirical evidence? Shady business....
"Yeah because not knowing how to use BC is so mature. So I, at 32, and more childish and immature than the 16 year old girls who have a kid? Good to know."
"But Christian scholars agree, so I guess he's got *that* going for him. Islamic scholars and geo science seem to disagree."
"Well stop taking shots, duh I remember doing that and then crashing back through my trip only to be shot away from reality over and over. Eventually it sped up and now everything is ""normal"""
"Literally 2010 Cavs all over again ITT: Wow Cavs are horrible, LeBron is their only hope he's gonna have to do everything. Y'all are sleeping on Kyrie. 'Scored the last 10."
"I detect Yeap, it is"
"How I am supposed to know what's funny if there isn't a laugh track? The actual complaint, sans elitism, is that BBT appeals to a much wider audience than Community by being more average. Predictable humor/laugh tracks/unchallenging subject matter/etc.. doesn't necessarily make a show bad, but it does allow it to cater to a wider market. By most criteria, niche shows will be better and will be lauded by critics, but ignored by the masses for failing to maintain a degree of mass appeal. Community was just too weird for middle America."
"Ya more than double the current output, drop a few hundred pounds, drop the price by at least $6000, why didn't they do that in the first place? Sounds like what everyone wanted the Frs/Brz to be"
Wow Red Sox fans are really showing their intelligence in this thread.... I don't think you know how baselines work....
And steam Don't forget EA
But there is a link between video games and misogyny. Long-term study finds zero link between violence in video games and real life
"that's why she is your ex, you couldn't handle her mad skillz ""Video games are too hard for girls so they are sexist!"" I never beat Mass Effect 2 on Insane. My ex has."
"You forgot the I really think we should use troops and not police for such a task. I am sure the Ukraine won't mind. As far as Russia goes, they need someone to start standing up to them or we will have another Hitler on our hands."
"I take offence to that comment. Because A: the thread is relatively dead, and B: No DBZ experts."
Woah I thought liberals were the thin skinned ones? And a liberals favorite thing to do is bitch and moan about not getting free handouts and getting called something that isn't PC.
"Iran was looking pretty good until we killed Mosaddeq but hey at least we stopped communsim from sprouting there. Please, do name these theocratic states. There's Iran (different from Egypt in language, culture, and religion), whose government is based on a Shi'a structure of Islam and there's Saudi Arabia, a tribal monarchy that uses an old Bedouin tribal system of governance and use Islam to add legitimacy, but largely ignores a vast majority of rules of Islam when it comes to governance due to the over-riding tribal government. So, do tell what these other ""secular Muslim nations"" that fell to theocracy? Syria? Nope, secular. Algeria? Nope, secluar. Indonesia? Nope, secular. Bangladesh? Nope, secular. Pakistan? Nope, ""semi""-secular. Turkey? Nope, secular. Should I go on? The vast majority of Muslim countries in the world are secular. I don't know where you get this idea that Muslim nations are falling to theocracy. The system of governance in most Muslim countries is a secular backed dictatorship that not only curtails the rights of women, but all its citizens. These governments are backed by the West and dubbed as ""progressive"". There hasn't been a theocratic regime in a good portion of the Muslim world since the fall of the Ottoman Empire and even then it was ruled by a secular officer corp known as The Young Turks."
you forgot CD key sites only sell stolen keys. That's why games are always revoked when you buy from them.
Obviously... no one has ever once been stopped in the US for wearing a Turban... And you think this is a problem that would be alleviated by you also donning a turban?
Who says I go to parties? ...You're fun at parties I bet.
"4chan is a le scary place where they all discuss child porn and murder rape all the time, exclusively. I'm guessing you're unaware of all the material present on this site."
"Ah, he must be playing a mutated raccoon on the surface then. Bradley Cooper added to IMDb Cast!"
"I mean, obviously, all Muslims are related and planning terrorist attacks over tea at family gatherings I was the only Arab in a all white school, around 911 people decided that Osama bin laden was my uncle"
What great pr for atheists An Atheist Is Taking on Alcoholics Anonymous in Bid to get God out of 12 Steps
"Stop try harding in DM. LET THAT BE A LESSON, WARM UP YOU MONGOLOIDS."
After seeing this maybe it's a good thing they killed John Wick's puppy right after he started letting it sleep in the bed with him. I made the mistake of letting my puppy sleep in the same bed with me the day I brought her home
Because Jesus. Could you provide an objective reason that abstaining from sex until marriage is always better for society?
"Because Korean music labels *never* push their idols to perform things they don't want to. Nah. They're only twenty-six, plenty of energy left to pull off fast dances. My theory is that Jessica didn't want to dance hard and they tailored their choreographies to that."
"What is version control? And then, version control saves the day!"
"Of course, because gaming is not a social thing and people ask for help when they know what to do. So many questions have little to do with gaming, and could be summarized more simply as ""Hey, I don't know how to be an adult or anything resembling a decent human being. Can someone here with experience being a decent human being help me, because I am clueless as to how to human?"""
Hey you can take some of the snow from my yard here in Boston if you really think snow is awesome. Next door in Arkansas it's shitty too. Supposed to get snow again tomorrow. Awesome...
"I'm sure it'll make the first one look like A New Hope to its Empire Strikes Back. As a sequel to literally the worst movie I've ever seen, the only direction they can go is up. I hope."
It's not like science has ever done anything good for this country. Creationism will make America Great Again!
Probably a matter of national security. PMO says Robert Vadra's land deal papers confidential
Muh Feels! How does repeating these lies make someone guilty in your mind?
"Ahh, that's why I haven't been able to unfreeze my iPhone for three months now, because I cannot remove the battery. When my phone freezes, pulling the battery is very handy."
"Umbridge wasn't so bad, Tonks was the crazy one. Its weird how Ron is vilified for making mistakes but other controversial characters make far bigger ones but their mistakes are completely justified"
"I didn't get bullied or insulted through school, I guess no one loved me *sobs* middle school"
"But then how am I going to show off my $1000 4K camera? Cluttered backgrounds, no border on the frame, poor hygiene, over reactions, and covering up important parts of the UI are my biggest turnoffs. Some casters need to realize that some genres just don't need a facecam..."
"Must've been really awkward when they buried her alive, or when she was turned into a Dalek then blew up with the rest of the Asylum. Why exactly was Clara the bar girl in The Snowman and the 'Oswin' dalek girl in The Asylum of The Daleks?"
How encouraging. Apparently I'm going to die alone. Charming.
"high enough to get ban hammered on gunnit On a scale from Cory Haims current career to only dogs can hear you, how high are you?"
"Just like the Day of the Tentacle topper Yes, or change to a default item like standard boost or OEM wheels"
Adding the laugh track was a nice touch. Aussie TV presenter bitten by a Mud Crab live
"A sharply worded memo; yea that'll make Russia run scared. G-7 Leaders Statement: we (the G-7: Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom and the United States) have decided for the time being to suspend our participation in activities associated with the preparation of the scheduled G-8 Summit in Sochi in June"
"Don't be such a hater man. Or, you know the audio file that wasn't sent for the last 3 weeks. It's weird I can extract an audio file from a Youtube video in 5 minutes but the guys still can't send it when the regular audio recording fails."
Makes perfect sense! Blue = Netflix on mine. Because you know their logo isn't always fucking red.
"Cuz your 12? Maybe it's because I haven't been watching football for long, but is it just me or has there been a crazy amount of injuries this pre season?"
"Yea blowing up an entire wedding is way more civilized than kidnapping. I deplore ""collateral damage"" excuses whether it's gang bangers spraying bullets at each other, or the United States killing ""entire weddings or funerals just to get at one or two people"", but that doesn't refute the claim that ISIL is ""unique in their brutality"". If the United States were kidnapping entire weddings or funerals, and beheading the attendees one at a time to persuade some group to turn over the one or two people we wanted, the United States would be guilty of comparable brutality. As it is, the comparison is warranted, and reminds us we should continue to work on more surgical methods of getting at the one or two people we've targeted, but it only serves to confirm that ISIL is unique in its brutality."
like most of this sub When you wanna flex but you still in 2nd grade
Americnas need to check their privilege and act as servants to those less fortunate around the world. In the same conversation with a summer intern.
"You sound like a classy guy Don't like the attention? Don't stream. He sounds like a little cry baby every time somebody crashes him, there are instances there, fucking use them. If you can't solo without specing it 10 times, then you should put up with the crashing I get crashed all the time by noobs in nieves slayer dungeon, are they harassing me? No. I deliberately crash sigg because the scaremongering that you get banned is all false"
I can't wait to play through all these Zelda style puzzles in Ds2 that I've been hearing about. Badass Dark Souls II Statue is Badass!
"They're your favorites because they have boobies, right? Downvotes on Reddit are a mystery most of the time. I stopped caring a long time ago and Reddit has been much better since then. If you do care, though, all you have to do is put boobies in it and then your posts are guaranteed to go crazy. (Nothing against women, by the way; it's just a pattern I've noticed. All my favourite people are women.) I think this is a nice thing you did, and I'd do the same if I could. Please tell me it's a manual transmission."
"So scared straight? I have a scar on the shaft of my penis, cus when I was 16 the guy who was blowing me was not very experienced/had braces and wound up shaving off a bit of the skin. Me being 16, could't go a few days, much less a few hours without jerking off. So I wound up constantly breaking the scab, which eventually turned a very mild abrasive wound into a scar. Thankfully it's not really noticeable anymore unless you're outright looking for it"
But... But.... Rito PROMISED me voice chat... And they haven't given it to me yet... Injustice And this is why we don't want voice chat.
you're 16 and smoking oh my god so edgy Help me win a bet!!
You mean like the android and IOS market? I'm sure there will still be quality controls. I don't see why self-publishing and quality control are exclusive things in your mind.
"I'm sure when people strike up the Brady v Manning debate and how they are statistically identical while Brady almost always having the better D and coach you remember to acknowledge it's a team game too right? It's a team game, but do you not remember his game winning drive?"
"Clearly Ireland will implode in the next 24 hours, cause we all know how evil drugs are. Legal loophole makes ecstasy and other drugs legal in Ireland"
"How dare you tell him the truth! Ha yes, I once saw a fellow Christian mocking Allah and I pointed out to him that Allah is simply the Arabic word for God and that even Arabic Christians say Allah. He blocked me moments later haha."
"I guess we aren't trading up for Johnny Football :( Well, we signed Brandon Weeden..."
Is... is that how they make dick cheese? Next time dip your junk in a mug of cold milk.
"That's because the human Internet can't see 60 fps so it sends it at 30 fps and your imagination fills the gaps, think of it as a placebo effect. My videos load faster with 60FPS"
I thought Captain Falcon was broken in PM? s2j with the PM salt
I dunno about that... I can't exactly fill my psu with flashy RGB lighting The unsung heroes of the PC Masterrace
What about shade though? In America we have some of the stupidest people circling the lot or waiting for the nearest spot. Ten spots down there are wide open parking spots with no wait and it takes less time to park and walk the 50 feet.
"But unions are bad and only prevent firing of bad teachers! The union should grieve the shit out of the school. Not saying it would work, but that's the union's role."
"Oh if that's true, then there is no such thing as global warming. Systemic racism doesnt exist in Policing"
"Secret Muslim. A gay, black Socialist"
I think it was the worst thing i've ever seen because i couldn't see it Please do not use the scroll wheel. ( Worst thing you will ever see )
"Exactly, they should leave him in jail for the remainder of his sentence the fucking criminal scum! Cuffs should be used when they have a purpose. What's the purpose here? Stop him from suddenly stealing a phone and download something illegally?"
If you had some redbullTM you would have the energy to argue for hours! I strongly disagree but I don't care enough to put effort into a pointless argument
"Yes a corrupt, incompetent, pathological liar is *so much better*! The better option than someone: who doesn't understand foreign policy who doesn't want to release years of complete tax returns who attracts interests from Congress's ethics committees for possible abuse of power whose wife bankrupted a college and abandoned its students through possible bank fraud"
"* Well of course, you can't let a dangerous lunatic into a medical center, he'd be a threat to the patients."
"Two things: 1 that's just gross 2 whose mom didn't do that on the Internet? Kim Kardashian Oils Her Butt, Twerks in Bikini: GIF"
You mean it's not a really awesome birthmark? Are those actual tattoos or more likely henna-type temporary ink?
"Nah those are radicals, the moderates are not like this at all you islamophobe racist xenophobe Is anyone really surprised by this? Cmon now. We all know this is common attitudes among Muslims, western or otherwise."
-greedisgood 9999999 After 9 years of Mac. I join you.
"Yeah, must be hard to live in America. If you think that bullshit works you're kidding yourself. I took part in the largest protests the world has ever seen, in 2003, and it didn't cause people to wonder one bit if the Iraq War wasn't a fucking awful idea - nor did it help one iota in preventing that war or everything that came after. When protest failed, I at least helped to vote that bunch of goons out - Obama was going to be different! And, while I wont compare the Obama admin to the incompetence of the Bush gang, it's still the same old song and dance. I guess we just have to stop worrying and learn to love the bomb."
"Racism When Bobby Knight throws a chair, it's passion. When Boogie kicks a chair, it's him being a baby? WTF?"
And you repay him by calling him a dick on the Internet? Because he let me take the picture..
so you can ALWAYS disrupt Kelly's blur offense. There's a specific set of rules as to when you can or can't play noises. It's not about the type of noise they were playing so much as it was WHEN they were playing it. I believe the rule is no stadium speakers when the playclock is below 20 seconds.
"Hai direwolf,nice building 1. Sorry for the Win8 thingy, saw it only after posting. 2. Any tip on how I can improve my room? I have golem filling my void jars atm. (="
Not sure if Write the words 'Be excellent to each other' into google translate and go through every single language possible. That would be sure to fix all the world's problems.
Dont get pulled over ... Sorry to hear about the marriage but neither of you should have anything to worry about. When I first moved out of my parents house apparently I got a summons the week I left which my father then let me know about six months later. Whoops. That was almost 10 years ago.
Ogopogo What's the creepiest creature from your country's folklore?
"What a brilliant con! In the last thread, OP claimed to want to buy batteries and ship money in an envelope for payment. If it's the same person, which I'm certain it is due to two new accounts asking the same question, then the scam would be to never send money and just take the batteries when they're shipped."
dm;gb *doesn't matter; get buckets* Their defense would be atrocious
Of course no one believes it's appropriate to reduce all children to the lowest common denominator. Death of an Awards Ceremony
"Maybe the spirit was inhabiting a soul so that it could travel the rift? Why do spooky ghosts always drop a Thresh soul? After they hit a champion or reach their max range, it seems like they fly away and are free. However, when playing Thresh you can collect the souls of enemy ghosts, which is odd considering they appear to be flying away and not dying. Any thoughts about the subject?"
Yep and they all run with celestial nighthawk or obsidian mind Mostly hunters and warlocks? Please tell me you're joking
"Yep, because you know gay people pay less for child care than straight people do, right? Something i dont get is that ok, he probably opposes gay marriage/gay adoption etc which is now legal in all of the united states, why would you deny tax credit for child care? In the end it's the child that probably suffers most because of this, regardless of his parents sexual orientation"
"Slaughter Slide, Nice! I didn't realise that the Double Divinium hadn't started yet until I got a vial- frustrated, I quit and spent it immediately, about to quit the game. This was what I got."
"Gee, I wonder if you live in MD? And when I got my EVO they said it was an impractical car!"
"[Yes, Grommash Hellscream is in the movie although he has no dialogue in the current montage, we can see Kargath Bladefist and also Kilrogg Deadeye] Just want to confirm... HELLSCREAM WAS IN THIS RIGHT? There was an orc that very much looked like him"
prob What?! Explain....
I don't see a bt boob1es arnt nice im 9 y ears of age an i didn like et
"WOW, now that's the kind of repercussions that say ""we understand the seriousness of this situation"". DNC chair won't speak at Dem convention following Wikileaks fallout"
"Now that I think about, 9/11 took place in the air, not on US soil. Giuliani: No 'successful radical Islamic terrorist attacks' in U.S. before Obama's presidency"
"Or just be drunk when you wake up. Once a week is not bad at all. My first year of college I had 8ams every day of the week. just go to bed at a reasonable time and you will be ok. If you drink the night before, you are going to have a bad time!"
I think he forgot the Pretty dumb if you think that was the best show in history.
"While this event does not prove that the globe is warming, these kinds of cold waves are expected to become more frequent as the earth warms. This month is on track to be one of the coldest Aprils since records began in 1659"
"You certainly know a lot about homosexual couples. Very good. They shoul do that for America. I'm not homophobic, I have gay friends but family is something different. Gay are gay for a different sexual pleassure, so, they can enjoy thair couples and leave the children alone."
"Who knew that these Orthodox were so active in the Spanish Inquisition? It's probably Adam's skull. According to some fairly ancient tradition (allegedly, inherited from the Jews), Adam's skull was buried under Golgotha, where Christ was crucified. The (Russian Orthodox) cross that my sponsor gave me at my Chrismation has a skull beneath the Cross for the same reason."
They'll delay one out of Survival too... Next patch is Survival. Guess what will come out with Survival ? New weapons and gear sets.
"I'm not surprised you were downvoted... Because weed Is totally good for your health Well, if you can't kill kids in skyrim, I guess you can have them kill themselves."
"It's almost as if the traditional forms of education, testing and certification aren't keeping pace with modern society? The many ways to (attempt) to cheat in the HSC"
"No I don't think that, you're the only person who does think that, I think they should be made to pay for the kids college in fact Hate these kinds of women"
"Yeah, that's killing Conor McGregor With his accent, I doubt it. Not saying he won't be big, but the largest star in the company? I just don't see it."
Yeah that was hilarious. aliens funny dancing.
"If handlock plays giants you should have to slam your entire board into them to clear, having class neutral removal attached to a terrible body is OP apparently.... Yeah, because a dr.boom buff is exactly what we need!"
unfortunately the two towers were built in such a way that the internal supports all shifted and thus provided no support during the collapse so this wouldn't work on normal buildings. The real question is why companies haven't switched to jet fuel for building demolition. Just think pump in fuel and light! No need for wires and explosions. Right? Right?
"But how will I toast my bread now when their cards get cooled? Fiji requires cooling, everyone pack up, we're going home - clearly not the second coming of GPUs."
"Yeah then we could have a ton of people dying to gas at the end and have no skill involved through the entire event and given $10000 to the person who has the best rng. RS3 Tournament like DMM? I know DarkScape was shut down completely, but what if we could have it seasonally with a tournament similar to Deadman mode in OSRS? That's something I'm definitely interested in, and I'm sure other people would be too. It could either be legacy only or eoc combat, whatever people wanted. I just thought it would be fun because the DMM tourney looks like a lot of fun but I don't play OSRS. Thoughts?"
"'Cause modifying an SQL query is such a huge capital investment... the reporting requirements also add to costs. this was more than just fingerprinting, the city added a lot of undue reporting to the mix."
"OP, I know our only interaction is this comment I am leaving you, but I wanted you to know I was thinking about you. innocent platonic conversation on OKC with a lonely guy turned into creepy text conversation with someone that apparently can't read."
"And all the times I thanked you and/or was friendly to mean nothing all of a sudden, this new guy just has to show up weird day, an INTJ thank me"
"I thought Jaffe built up enough ""good boy points"" for attacking random highschool kids in the name of SocJus? Chris 'Shirtstorm' Plante calls David Scott Jaffe a 'deranged asshole' for perceived pro-Trump (they weren't) tweets"
"Simple: Give bikers the ability to use Homing launchers Yeah, MCs desperately need some vehicular firepower to accompany the bike formations. The handheld grenade launcher and auto shotgun on motorcycles is a welcome addition, but CEOs still dominate the air. MCs should take the ground with their superior numbers."
"Twice if you can! I agree! Vote how you please, just go vote!"
"Oh good, now the police have to deem it necessary to strip search a kid. Strip-searched girl can't return to her school, Quebec judge rules . In the strip search, the girl was asked to remove all her clothing, including her underwear. No drugs were found."
"Man, Obama needs to work on that Mormon vote. Demographics were essential on Tuesday. Here's a key demographic that has been overlooked."
Seems legit. Obama Defends NSA: 'Nobody Is Listening To Your Telephone Calls'. Says they use phone numbers and call duration to identify potential leads to people who might engage in terrorism.
"Nope those three sounded nothing like James, Jeremy, and Richard. Did they actually do the voices? Sounds an awful lot like the boys themselves."
"On a somewhat related side-note, I wonder how many people brought up the F-82E to the devs prior to release of the last major patch... Don't fix it, the Soviets need more Yaks! Basically on the Dev server, you can play as usual, but with the new planes (Still in development) and new features. All of your progress on the Dev server stays on the Dev server only so if you research a plane there, it won't transfer to the Live servers. IIRC this works if you spend lions and Golden eagles to. It also helps the developers to iron out any small problems with Flight and damage models that might be immediately obvious."
"Neither did Naniwa, I mean look at how many times he lost code A. Thorzain never had a chance anyway, don't blame the team/jet lag."
"Sauce? Not really a fan, tbh. Their forays into musique concrete and krautrock are unassailable though."
Maybe that was Obama's goal all along! US Totalitarianism Loses Major Battle As Judge Permanently Blocks NDAA's Military Detention Provision
This is some subtle advertising How I became a better bottom
Wtf I love fat shaming now! Miss Universe Alicia Machado was accused of threatening to kill a judge in Venezuela
"But dude, George Lucas knew the Star Wars back story for over 20 *years* IDK if it's more impressive that he knew, acted it so well, and no one knew, or that JK Rowling knew the story line from day 1."
I don't like sand. Just saw Room (2015) with an absolutely amazing performance by child actor Jacob Tremblay. What are the best child actor performances ever?
"Yes, because that's how hookup culture works and wouldn't just be decried as sexual harassment. It's very likely that she's interested in dancing or talking but not interested in going home with a stranger and having sex. If that's the guy's intention, he should communicate that early on."
"Hey that 18 year old knows what's up with this country as he's been politically active for like 3 months! Wait, you mean highschoolers harassing people over the phone multiple times a week didn't work?!?!"
next: MPG is so much easier to compare than litres/100km km/h
I'm sure she deserved it. Amputee Afghan girl who lost entire family. Photo took after she received crutches and leg prosthesis
"Because of course the book a Genesis is clearly a historically accurate account of the past Pastafarian denied religious rights because his beliefs are ""fictional."""
His vignette doesn't count? So when are we getting Curt?
"i think he should of tried for a bigger yield, looks beautiful though! Friend's first Grow. What do you think?"
Fight the power I can't remember a single product I've seen advertised on Youtube. Not one. My brain registers the ad as an impediment to what it wants and immediately shifts my focus to something else until it's over.
"I hear japan makes good Dolphin sushi No way, dolphins are too delicious."
Sexist. 11 minutes of Ghostbusters b-roll footage
"Guys, we're not allowed to criticize OPs poor choices because it's victim blaming! Ladies and gentleman, meet my ex-wife. She knows my pay schedule and left me without enough money for rent, bills, or food. Plus now I don't have enough to throw my son a birthday party."
eh...sometimes Drive. You don't want to interact with the people on Septa after the concert. Really. People on the El at night for the entire run through West Philadelphia. Just drive. If it was daytime maybe take the El but not with your Fiance. You like her right?
They've melted already? The Himalayan glaciers are predicted to melt by 2009.
"We could always do the classic French knights vs English bowmen but we already know how that turns out Oh that would be perfect, it's been a while since we went toe to toe, would be a good way to get bragging rights. Would be like old times."
"But you can't say that, it's racist! This article is high-level theory and globo-politics. Completely irrelevant to answering the question. Black people are not libertarians because they have been bought by the government, by welfare. The clinching touch is groupthink enforcement to punish dissent."
"OMG SO SKINNY, REAL WOMEN LIKE MEN WITH MEAT ON THEIR BONES! How the Disney princes would look like if they were real people (x post r/interestingasfuck)"
"But someone else isn't sure, so they can't be right? This assumes that the people in question aren't sure that an embryo is not a living human being. I can't get inside the heads of OBGYNs that perform abortions, but I'm pretty sure they don't go about their day with some doubts about whether they're committing homicide or not."
"Only black lives matter, racist, and this isn't a double standard because my skin is dark. Without Release of Video, Police Shooting of White Driver Gets Less Publicity"
But lobbing against a bill that helps people fix their own phones is completely ok Any article about how awful Apple is on Reddit should always be taken with a grain of salt.
"Nope, your religion is worse, mine is better. Like religion!"
"There's no lag in dark souls! You could put it that way I suppose, I would also put it as: for pvp, more iframes makes up for lag."
But did you know that Seal means literally Sea Dog in Jewish Korean and German? You may also recognise these words from hippocampus and Mesopotamia
"Because shes obviously more important than us poor souls without children Unless your kids were in their car seats, in the backseat, when the car was taken, then I don't see the how this is any different than anyone else getting carjacked."
"It'd be fine because we all know islamic terrorists don't deserve free speech. What makes it worse, is that its just a small group of people making these decisions. I dont agree that any media should be banned, ever, but the very least they can do is have a number of agencies provide their recommendations, with a majority rule needed for something as serious as an outright ban. Who is Donald McDonald? Why is this man and a small group of employees able to completely ban media that they dont see fit? What would happen if 2 or 3 members of the ~~censorship~~ classification board had strong religious (christian) beliefs, and a game with strong Islamic themes was proposed?"
"Definitely fake, he didn't get 1-shot by nidalee Meteos crazy Caitlyn outplay"
"It's pacman with a bowtie, it doesn't count Ms Pacman."
"Stop manspreading, you cis het white male shitlord. Sitting down on a near empty public transport, with my legs naturally open."
"yea, I've always thought Whedon's female characters were really weak One thing Mr. Robot does right, that other TV shows fail at Well-written female characters, holy shit. Darlene, Angela, Joanna, Dom, this show is the only one who managed to make its female characters likeable and interesting enough. Remember Breaking Bad with all the Skyler and Marie hate, you don't see none of that criticism with Mr. Robot. It's truly amazing, all of them have had such great characterization and character development, props to Esmail!"
"After trying for thousands of years to fulfill our prophecies we have finally succeeded, checkmate atheists! Can someone please go through this short list of prophecy and explain why they're incorrect? Thank you."
"you were. When I worked retail, I had an old man yell at me for 5 minutes straight because our signs had Spanish on them under the English text. He said that I was taking away his freedom."
"wow is his ego really that big i only call myself once a month, tops LeBron tweaks his ankle during Utah Jazz game. Calls himself day-to-day."
"yeah if naniwa or jaedong loaded up dota 2 no one would care A girl playing dota, better make a fuss or people won't think we're progressive"
Maybe it's cause they're ashamed or scared of being ostracized by the community Outside of Milwaukee it feels like it 70-30 for bernie. I have driven over 25000 miles just in Wisconsin since July and I can count all the Hillary signs I've seen on my fingers and toes.
"Would like to see how people would react if the sexes were reversed, but we live in a patriarchy so it is okay Boyfriend trainer. A nickelodeon game aimed at young girls."
"Finland has 5 million and is all blue and Romania has 20 and is mostly black, etc etc... You're totally right. Hey look! It's another population density map!"
"Or 122 XD or 11... yeah, he should do 11 XD"
"That'll teach ya, can't have players like you running around spreading hate. How is this a mute?"
"Can you guys stop working on splash arts and fucking fix the servers in NA already. If I had a penny for everyone who didn't understand that Riot isn't a team of 3 people sharing all the jobs, I'd be rich."
"Oh yes because hitting your kids is a healthy way to discipline them. Hinata doesn't hit Boruto, i'm pretty sure Kushina would. Like for real, Boruto deserved to get his shit pushed in for being an insensitive prick, but Hinata just let him walk away with it."
"Such bold predictions Huge possible spoilers for WrestleMania. Read at your own risk. After talking to a few people today at the SmackDown tapings word going around is that Brock Lesnar is very close to agreeing on a new contract with the WWE. With the lack of popularity that Roman Reigns has received as of late, Triple H is pushing Vince on the idea of keeping the WWE Championship on Brock. This would also have huge ramifications with two of the under card matches on the show. If Brock retains the title it would in all likelihood mean a continued ""special attraction schedule"" for him. Triple H as of late has been big on the idea that the I.C. Title and the U.S. Title should mean something again. The plan, if Brock retains is to put the U.S. Title on John Cena and the I.C. Title on Daniel Bryan. The theory would be that two legit Superstars would bring legitimacy to both titles. Also, while Brock is gone both men can main event Raw, Smackdown, PPVs and house shows with those titles on top of the card. Which again, would bring back the legitimacy of both belts. A lot can change between now and WrestleMania. But this is just one of the many ideas that are being discussed. I have not been told of any other ideas, but if I hear more, I will be sure to pass the information along to this great community."
Absolutely nothing wrong with that Suarez penalty shout v Chelsea
"What, no standing? You appear to be right! I sit corrected. Thanks!"
"The contract would probably be coercive, exploitative and an abuse of power to control women anyway. I want to punch these people in their internet faces. No really. I do. Basically the advice for men would be don't have sex with women you meet...ever...because what you're doing is probably rape unless some sort of contract is signed pre-coitally verifying that yes both parties are indeed involved. It's absolutely ridiculous. I'm not a man but if I were I'd pretty much never have sex for fear of people telling me it was probably rape."
"Nah, 2 + 2 = 22 Simple math. 2 + 2 = 4"
Who? Jurrell Casey
I guess it worked I was trying to mock them before it happened.
more pay 2 win BS Apparently the pistol crossbow is actually only 22 dollars. Or atleast the one it's modeled off of.
TIL Morals are objective. being a good person with good morals = circlejerking I'll continue to circlejerk in that case
"\#IWantARefund #DayZScumbagDevs #Lies Claims to ""avoid"" reddit replys to a post within 20 mins..."
"Downvoted because the mods are terrible. Not a mod butI have to say I'm happy with the mods and the sub. I've also enjoyed the discussions and friendly banter that goes on here. I still see what looks like down voting as a sign of disagreement with posts, but that's Reddit for ya."
Didn't you hear that the NSA ported their spying app to Tizen I'd definitely buy a Tizen TV before buying one if those spy on you TVs.
It's like blizzard wants people to stop playing druids. Lmao that looks hilarious
"""But it's better than your graphics card cause... cause... the 1080 means it can handle 1080p, like my XBox."" I bought a gtx 1080"
"pft, LIES! There are sites other than just Amazon and Newegg and Microcenter that are perfectly fine. With the way Amazon treats their competition and their employers and their DRM control and censorship of books, I prefer to buy from other sites or locally."
"naw you're lying I built my own computer at home once, I know better than you Too right. Storage controller + disks + redundant disks + backup storage disks + redundant backup storage disks or tapes + offsite data storage fees = really fucking expensive."
"But why didn't they just tear gas them in the leg Remember: Being a peaceful protester in a riot makes you a rioter, not a peaceful protester. It's not about what YOU are doing, it's about what the group as a whole is doing."
"Good job posting her insta, twitter and snap So they do exist!"
"Because those four are literally the only options Yea I'll wait until a trusted source like MSNBC, Think Progress or Mother Jones reports this. Otherwise it's non-news. Right? Downvote because I can."
We know Fox cares about nothing more than pleasing the fans of its programming! Do we need to start a campaign for HD release in the US with Fox?
Replacing Alm and Celica with two edgy self insert characters Changes to Gaiden in a remake:
His family got the $10 they deserved for the purchase. I thought this was going to be a touching story about how you returned a college students beloved console and games to him after his evil mother sold them without asking him. Still cool though.
This would protect the rest of the world from preventable diseases... can't have that. I know you aren't being serious but following that same thought of logic why don't they just vaccinate their kids and then pray that they don't get autism?
Thanks for explaining what needs updating/fixed. Jagex Pls.
"Ask GQ Tips and feedback for starting a podcast? Ok! So I'm currently planning on starting up my own podcast. I'm planning on releasing episodes on Mixcloud and YouTube and I'll work with a variety of genres. Does anyone have any tips for starting off? Anything can help and I'd greatly appreciate it. It can range from tips on releasing to even songs you'd like to see mixed together/mashed-up! Anything goes! I just want to hear back from the community as to what they'd enjoy :3 PS, currently, my alias is orbyt. Of course it's not final, so if anyone had any cool ideas feel free to post them!"
let us retroactively veto that simmons trade and you will be absolved of all responsibility. I can't help but feel partially responsible this :(
But helping these folks could lead to soicalism and m'freedom beein' hurt I work in a hospital. I watched a man die tonight because he could not afford an inhaler.
It's so beautiful. Festive Pack is out now on Xbox One
Don't forget they were all sock-puppets in the first place I often wonder if judicious application of blocking (to the point of even constructing automated lists for the purpose) has a secondary purpose of maintaining this illusion.
Jimmy Carter fiddled while America burned. Is blaming Jimmy Carter for things a running joke now? Does this go back to the Iran hostage and Shah situations? What am I missing?
"Nah, most WWII/Holocaust deaths were whities, who gives a shit? I think Sweden's bigger crime was staying neutral in WW2 and selling iron to Nazi Germany. But that's just me."
1 joystick so it must be 1 less of a joy to use than say a 360 controller? Steam controller isn't even a controller
All others need not apply Dude this mode is supposed to be played with freinds.
right and no one can learn them because the keyboards are just the same. Yep. Because new software or updates never happen
"Or someone decides to make nachos with a microwave oven. Until a few thousand cell phones enter the venue, of course."
"ya, no one ever complained about stryker, zoe, etc... So if something is unbalanced the solution is ""join the bandwagon or die"". I'm pretty sure that wasn't the case when anything else in the game non air related has been blatantly overpowered."
"Apparently he has a gas chamber in his basement as well Donald Trump kept a book of Hitler speeches by his bedside, ex wife says"
"Yeah, because getting an unearned title shot or (god forbid) winning a title is exactly the kinda push into retirement Old Man Dan needs. Justification for why the Hendo/Bisping fight is the only one that makes sense"
"Which would be fine, if they limited themselves to people who *deserve* those rights. One thing I'll never get is why ""pro-freedom, small government"" conservatives hate the ACLU so much. They're quite literally fighting for every single right imaginable."
it's not my job to educate windows sheeple!1! What the fuck has Linux got to do with this?
#MakeFnaticGreatAgain #MakeValveGreatAgain
"yeah, you should report this to collegeboard and ensure that your score gets lowered by a few hundred points at least Subject Score Inflation Hey guys, I'm just curious on what did you guys get in the SAT Subject Tests. I checked my scores today and they seem very fishy. I got 800 in Physics and 760 in Chemistry, even though I never scored above 740 in a Physics practice test and score in the high-600s in Chemistry practice tests. What do you think?"
"but but muh genetuks I feel like being obese is just another clue into the person's character. Same as if someone came in for a professional interview wearing ripped jeans and a band t-shirt. No matter how well qualified they are, their appearance speaks ill of their character. I don't think there's anything illegal about not hiring someone due to their character."
"Yeah, that's not a biased source at all. Records Show PETA Shelter Kills 90% of Animals in its Care"
what a disappointment ozil has been. Ozil likes to keep things balanced.
quali donne? La settimana dei cuori infranti. Le risate che si staranno facendo le donne del sub...
Because it's really jimbo Some people still aren't picking up on the troll job.
"Is that why we're the only ones to build lasting modern civilizations, explore space, invent the internet, fund super-colliders, and enslave the entire planet? don't you know? only white people value time &amp; money"
"yeah, because your typical c++ programmer is of course fully aware of cache locality issues... Why (most) High Level Languages are Slow"
"Yupp that's definitely the issue.. Yeah it was great, but it seems like most people are too stupid to understand it"
"If they'd executed him immediately after the original trial, they wouldn't be wasting time and money on new DNA tests and appeals. If anyone ever wonders why people are against the death penalty, this is argument number 1. In a perfect world we'd prevent this from happening, but we don't live in a perfect world. This kind of thing will always happen, and cannot be prevented."
"Yeah it isn't designed for this, that's why it's a one shot kill on air vehicles (except the transport)... You're going to force yourself to use something that was intended to be used to take down aircraft instead of something that wasn't? ##firstworldinfantryproblems"
This is to ensure the smoothest experience for player. Am I surprised? No.
"You're showing an extreme lack of interest, so clearly you're going to fall madly in love with him! My temper is getting shorter and shorter these days"
"A black person holding a gun is a thug, a white person holding a gun is a patriot obviously. I'm past the point of being nice to conservatives who on one day will post pictures like this and say it makes it OK to shoot someone who was unarmed, and on the next day post a picture of a white guy with a rifle and beer and say it is defending the 2nd amendment and ""good ol' boys having fun""."
"Somehow, it has to be a car's fault. We passed heading north as they ambos were working etcetera. Any one witness what caused him to drop and hit the guardrail?"
"This is obviously not supposed to happen! Wait a minute. So, you're telling me that after you add more weight, the bar feels.. heavier?"
"Is this your first day on this subreddit? I expected mature relationship problems, but you're both acting like 16-year-olds. Maybe you two need some time apart to work on yourselves a bit."
It's taught the correct way. Shit I didn't realize the US single-handedly won WW1 and WW2. History must be taught a little differently in America.
This 5 second clip of a scientist's quote taken out of context says otherwise! The 9/11 truther ones. They all ridiculous and easily debunked.
Because you aren't smart like trump It makes me mad. Why do I have to pay my taxes and this jerk doesn't? And how do you profess to love everyone you're promising to help when you made them shoulder the tax burden alone? And now he wants to keep YOUR taxes the same -but lower HIS? He's a slap in the face to hard working Americans. He's the poster boy for the word of the 20teens -entitled.
"looks like another case of toxic masculinity Does anyone have the video?.....know someone, a friend, a friend of a friend....."
"well its pretty hard to get satire over the internet, maybe Tumblr needs a TiA is really bad with satire and understanding tumblr trends, but yeah, it's alright most of the time. i got mad karma from my anti-sjw days too."
"Women don't get angry, they just become crazy bitches! Not when it's expressed by men, at least. If it's an angry woman, though, different story!"
This seems... Relevant. NRG-X labs 90 second bench press tips &amp; tricks
"Then I guess it's time that we take to social media to run that swedish bastard out of town! Yeah, it's been reported multiple times that Edler would (if he hasn't already) say no to waiving his clause."
"Yeah but undergrad girls on facebook get they panties soaked looking at my pathoma + goljan pdf + oneNote markup + biochem_pathway_hiRes.png + dead tree robbins on the desk Wow, ehm I just have a laptop and a bunch of books I keep in a box (except the one I'm reading at the time which I carry in my backpack). How is multiple monitors more efficient than multiple tabs open? You can only look at one thing at the time anyways."
"Your right, some 3.5 million people voted for Hillary because DNC talked shit about Bernie team in emails, totally flipped election for her only if they got them in a fair and unbiased way, or else you're giving the nomination to someone who may lose ^see ^2016"
Those two sound like they would be pleasant to talk to! She's now teaching him how to dumb things down for the simple minded
No dude it was his flash bang mask Maybe when the officer put on a gas mask it would have been a good enough signifier.
Just jelo 'cos the baby's dick is bigger. /b/ is definitely not racist
"No, I scratched off the SN to make it more identifiable. Think it got hit by the boat's propeller."
"Everyones focusing on the leg, im focusing on those succulent toes. Realistic Robot Leg Make-up"
"Boogie, KAT has not even made a single shot this entire Olympic run Who's currently the better shooter, KAT or Boogie? KAT projects to being an elite shooter, especially for a big man, but is he currently a better shooter than Boogie?"
"Look at his African Americans! Drumpf retweets pic of phony ""Trump Train"" family. Actual family not happy about being used."
Yah living in theprovince with the highest HDI and one of the highest GDP per capita really sucks I'd hate to live in a right-wing centric political climate like Alberta.
My guess is NY/NJ. What geographical location are you speaking of?
"better sideboard cards What does White need to be more powerful in Modern? In my opinion, White is unarguably the weakest color in Modern. It sees it's most success as a support color. A lot of top decks that play White, play it for Finks, which functions just fine as a green card. Most of those decks play green anyways and benefit from playing White's other big card, Path to Exile. I play Abzan Combo. A friend pointed out to me that it's really just a BG deck and after thinking about it, he's right. White needs something more to be competitive in Modern. While SFM would have been great, it's also very splashable. What SFM also is, that White is severely lacking, is a powerful 2-drop. Blue has Snapcaster Mage, Black has Bob, Red has Young Pyromancer AND Eidolon of the Great Revel, and Green has Goyf. Why does White get the shaft and what can Wizards do to even the playing field?"
"If his balls drop off at least they could be used to make the world's worst pair of earrings. He Found Me Via My Last Submission, What Do You Call This Technique?"
"Check your privilege, cis-scum-shitlord! When I realize they identify as gender-queer polysexual dragon kin"
Of course not because the Israelis are entitled to Lebensraum... Does expanding settlements and imposing brutal economic sanctions count as instigating?
Let's open a thousand exchanges from moms basement. Free opensource Bitcoin exchange script RELEASED!
"He doesn't kill his ""bitch"" daughter/wife/every female in the world. Please cite one good trait in Marty."
"Yeah, on Mac that wouldn't happen, no games in the first place! Man oh man. I switched to SP4 on launch and windows is the only reason I've looked back. It's just the little god damn things that apple does right and where Microsoft misses the mark. Like why do my windows all resize every time I exit a game? It's not a major annoyance but it feels ridiculous to have to think about it."
"Didn't you know, Gretchen Carlson has been part of a false flag operation for Hillary. Fox News is somehow gonna blame this on Obama, wait and see."
"Who said consensus was dead in this country? Labor and Liberal combine in ACT to scrap donation limits, increase own public funding by 400%"
"Why would you need to be protected from vocational rehabilitation? Veterans Affairs. It's the government agency designed to protect us from thieves, GI Bill assistance, vocational rehabilitation and it's a network designed to assist veterans transitioning back to civilian life. They also provide medical services. It's not without its flaws, but it's better than doing this alone."
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh sure Brazil is the worst country in the new world.
you missed the wow he is literally WORTHLESS he would be NOTHING without the games also his books are bad anyway
"Yeah, but if he'd only hit you the 'right way' then you'd love him more and be a better person! I got hit a lot when I was a kid. What it taught me was to hate my dad, for not taking care of his own issues with his parents instead of coming home and taking out his frustrations on me. And I hated my mother for allowing it to happen. I don't hit my own kid because it's completely unnecessary and only fosters aggressive behavior in the child."
"I'm thinking 3 year, $50M contract should do it with $20M guaranteed. Greenway working towards a deal keeping him in Minnesota"
"Administrative leave as the suspect didn't get shot. Homeowner holds intruder at gunpoint. Cops respond to 911 call, shoot homeowner (still on phone with 911 operator) four times in the back, then twice more when he was on the ground. Bonus: 911 tape records cops planning the cover-up"
"You bring testers out curbside too? They call the number, we ring it up. We take payment and bring out the product."
"Nope sorry, that was clearly their last one~ In related news, Vita is back in stock at Gamestop ;-P"
"Obviously Rageblade is useless if you cant get the stacks, which takes sooooo long What's the tradeoff on Rageblade?"
"What Di you expect, they were in Egypt for thousands of years. Agree with you mostly, but I wouldn't say UAE is standing with Israel. The UAE still sends thousands of tons of aid to Gaza, It's just that they won't speak up against Israel, even though non-arab countries like Bolivia and Chile do. Egypt, I say does stand with Israel. It's sickening."
Hai is having a great tournement? xPeke is good but not the best player in the world. Not even close. He is having a great tournament though
"Yes, Valve is known for not listening to its customers And they'll completely ignore it, like most of the customer relation issues."
But is it worth the extra 3.5? That would be amazing... sounds like itd be worth the extra 50 or so..
He just needs better linemates that can keep up with his dumps Duchene's dumps are the worst
"This delivery guy must make a killer wage, unlike those Papa John's guys! On my pizza delivery order, I wrote ""It's my birthday, surprise me"" in the special accomodations section. The driver went to the CVS and bought me a birthday card, then put a dollar in it and taped it to the pizza box with a letter. :)"
"Well, yeah, how else are you going to keep the gays out of a citizen's ass? Republicans: making government small enough to fit in a citizen's ass."
aliens attacked it and the now scientists are all zombies eating each other Probe ordered into shutdown at India's Antarctica station
"You're a guy, it's impossible for you to regret sex. Then every single girlfriend I've had raped me because I regret the lot of them. Oh that's right, regret rape only applies to women. Damn it."
Well with the season almost over I'd say it's a lock if he doesnt get it imma be real pissed
"Here, you forgot something, That was a powerful piece. I'm glad I read it."
"OP is obviously hacking, reported. Game winning no-scope."
"The distance from the stanchion and the base line What in the NBA isn't even close, although most people may think it is close? I always hear the phrase ""and it isn't even close"" and just wanted to find mismatches between when it really isn't close and people's perceptions of it not being very close."
Sexist remarks will not be tolerated. Am I the only one here who can't **stand** listening to Hillary's fucking **screechy voice**?!?! God damn she sounds like a raving lunatic banshee.
"Doesn't work on my 520. Hi reddit, i just published a simplistic compass app on the store, it'll be cool if a few of you guys could test it out and give me your thoughts :)"
"Gabbert has more 4th quarter touchdowns than Kaep last year, I don't know why they aren't starting him Kaepernick became the first player in the past two decades with at least 100 fourth-quarter passes to not throw a fourth-quarter touchdown pass."
"thanks for the translation, and here i thought this was about russia giving it to nato in the butt ""The picture that made millions weep: the European continent prostrates against it's will this picture made a Jew and a Christian and even two buddhists convert to Islam."" This is not satire."
"Yes, I'm sure no one at the club has told Raheem he's part of our future. The situation could have been a lot different if the club had just gone to Raheem, told him he's a big part of the future plans and that they intended to open contract negotiations in the summer. Obviously Raheem's representatives have handled the whole thing poorly as well but a lot of this could possibly have been avoided."
"No man, it obviously could *never* be *this* easy. ""Hey, can I have your phone number?"""
"I count $3000 and 1 AR15, WHY U NO SPEND MUNNIES ON GUNS? Living the American Dream"
"Come on, where'd you get it though? Once again, it isn't mine. I got the picture from someone on Cherokee forum."
"Impossible, if you don't croot the kid before he gets hair on his balls how are you going to know what kind of player your going to get Ivy proposes clamping down on early recruiting of athletes"
"Because fuck you, you'll get what we give you and you'll be thankful for it. Why the hell would I pay for something that is 50% ads?"
"That would constitute actual evidence, I'm pretty sure that's not allowed in this sub Pics or it didn't happen has an entirely different meaning in this case."
"I think you forgot the They got a few alright players, getting pretty old tho..."
Best parent ever award goes to you. One day my son will look at this picture and laugh as hard as I have.
"Don't you mean Nashville Rays? Construction photo of First Tennessee Park, future home of the Nashville Sounds"
"Yes, if illegal drugs were legal, people would do much less of them. I think a lot of those people would argue that such drugs would be far less enticing if typical recreational drugs were legal."
"You're right; if you're not going to Harvard or MIT, you might as well not have gone to college at all. In order to get into a top school, you will probably need 5 years of highschool math, algebra in 8th and then calc or stat in 12th, 4 years are basically the minimum if you want to go to a good school."
oh i forgot the Too much lips
"Seems legit 22 Horny mistress looking for attractive, masculine skype slaves to control"
"So, based on the last image, is WB doing Injustice? More Leaked SDCC Dawn of Justice screencaps"
sounds like a keeper. This was sent to a friend of mine. I...I can't even.
Comic Sans graphics design (indesign) fonts using the right Font so guys im in my last year in school and i have to make a file for the end of my project but i cant seem to find a nice and easy to read font so any suggestions please ? greets Remi
Oh so we're good then as long as girls stay bad? This would do nothing to help novice girls with their pool shot
"Haywood to Boston for Avery Bradley. Fine with me. We have enough offensive firepower as it is with Love, Kyrie and Lebron starting that a defensive minded wing would seem to fit very well."
"Well that's the spirit ""Win with 2500 points"""
Just updating the subreddit for what's to come in .60! He just watched a Silo video and thought it was new info.. my bet at least
"Maternity leave is basically a sabbatical, right? Are you sure you don't want to write that book? Are librarians allowed to take sabbatical?"
Because they were brainwashed by evil capitalist propaganda Why would anyone risk their lives to escape the workers' paradise?
And you're gonna get laid too! There is going to be a town hall 12
"That's my friend, not me, but I'm sure that the kind sentiments of an internet stranger will make her feel better about losing her dog. Damn girl you flyer than a 747"
"Game literally unplayable garbage, fix this shit Hi Rez What's up with the quality of the Neith on the chest selection screen?"
"Its a major reason why so many people attend and watch the games! True, it's been so long that I forgot the CCL games are usually on Tuesday and Wednesday nights."
"Yeah, every country can afford to take on the Chinese Navy/economy. Every country should start to do the same thing instead of playing chicken with China"
"Not really surprising, with how dominate the Jackets have been all season everyone should have seen this coming The Washington Capitals fall to the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-4, losing two in a row for the first time this season."
I *knew* Illuminati lizard men ran the government! Who believes drug companies are on their side? What does that even mean? Now consider hospitals. They only make money when your sick too! Woaah. It's a giant conspiracy!!
"ITT: High quality input Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian: The end of net neutrality ""would be a clusterfuck worse than Comcast's customer service"""
Nice Saizo fanart Gaius Fan-Art by Lima
"Yeah, I have Biabiany there! Even worse"
I'm worried because karma means everything. You will be the downvoted one.
"Meh, I don't care, its not like I really love this useless karma stuff As usual, downvoted for an opinion. Never change /rPS4, never change."
Maybe Donald is a bit too liberal. LETS PLAY A GAME
"Just move to Syria and enter in as refugee, it'll be a lot easier. A lot of US Democrats will discover just how hard it is to get through Canadian immigration."
"That's why I'm voting for Trump! I'm sick at the idea of a Clinton v Bush election. How many people from the same families get to be president? If either of them wins we are looking at four of the last five presidents being from one of two households, what the effing type of democracy is this?"
"Surely this means they will stop making foie gras Quebec bill calls animals 'sentient beings' and includes jail time for cruelty: ""Animals in Quebec will be considered ""sentient beings"" instead of property under a bill tabled in the national assembly Friday."""
"Yeah i guess that makes anivia broken since she makes darius ult unable to reset yes, Since obviously you need a champs Ult to deal with another champions passive."
"The technology simply isn't there yet. One deck slot for ladder, a different one for challenges. My challenge deck means I can finally use epics, but level 4 is pretty bad on the ladder if I forget to switch back."
If Tim never had knee problems...what if that shot at 2:47 ...whaaat!
"Oh yeah man, you've got to use survival tactics around the big scary black people because they'll totally beat you up in a heartbeat without hesitation bruh! It's a survival tactic. It's either that or get beat up."
"You know you have mature people when they are all marking their territory. The KKK, Black Lives Matter And Westboro Baptist Church Throw Urine At Each Other Outside RNC"
"Yeah alright, settle down laaav UN: Britain's sexism more 'pervasive' than any other country"
"Yes,it's impressive that fans could add a whole new feature to a game,and if you'd like to see more,step out of the grimy basement fight between the Xbone and the PS4,into the sunlight and into the other grimy basement. It's honestly really impressive that fans could add multiplayer to a game"
"Whoa, too much edge. Probably about the same as the Dems electing a person who had very little political experience and no business experience, no actual job experience and no real high points in his life job/experience wise."
"Ah, so he must have lived in Toronto. I know a guy who used to be Chris Jericho's grandma's neighbour..."
"Chill there, Gambit. Well that was a disappointingly slow game."
Looks awful... Better give it to me My 2004 STI sitting pretty at yesterday's Paul Walker Memorial Cruise
"Can...can....can i feel your warm and nostalgic insides? Yep. When I saw it for the first time I was just a young impressionable preteen girl who wanted to be Posh Spice. I've watched it once or twice as an adult and albeit cringy, it does make me feel all warm and nostalgic inside."
There might be room to hang a baby seat from the back fender ITT: People thinking it has to do with the price of the vehicle not realizing it has no seating for kids.
"Jokes on you, it's actually a crack in the lens made by the first bolt and exposing film to too much light That lightning bolt is taking a long to time to disperse..."
"here you dropped this Nah mate, they all click in the same spot the same time, not like there's ways to vary the click time and move the mouse around to random co-ordinates within a given zone."
"Yes, because there is absolutely no way to break a pre-nup. Pre-nup."
*If* we start to lose again :P If they're still around when you start to lose again. Fans stick around when pain and frustration sets in.
"And people say Mexicans aren't really stupid I got this a couple times while working at a Mercedes dealership. The most annoying one was a coworker (Mexican) started some argument because the US was playing Mexico in Soccer. He started bragging about how the Mexicans outnumber the white guys and did a head count. When he included me and my friend, we both told him we weren't Mexicans. He started getting angry and saying how can we disrespect our culture, and do we think we are white, etc. When we told him that my mom is Salvadorean and my friends family is Costa Rican, he looked at us like we were idiots and said ""That's Mexico"". On the flip side we all had a great time making fun of him afterwards."
"Actually his pump fakes are super believable, that is why everyone falls for them all the time. He also did that dunk off of a missed Harden FT last season when Jordan was in the arena. Jordan was also known to do shit like this. Have you seen Parson's game? He's a good finisher at the rim, his fake pumps are unbelievable, deadly at the 3-point range. He's only on his 3rd year...yea I'm pretty sure he's on his way to being the next Jordan. We are so lucky to have him. He just gets better and better every year!"
And we all know that its harder for practically every tank in the game to hit the LFP and not the UFP. Don't forget reducing the armor on the lower plate to 100mm from 120mm at the same time...
"This sounds like something one of them intentional game ruiners would say... Hmm, sounds like a crazy conspiracy theory in the making! Lets see where we can go with it. They secretly know that the world needs a good IRL revolt and that gamers would be on the 'right' side, but are currently too distracted by video games to actually do it. So their plan is to destroy gaming as a pastime so that gamers will rise up and destroy the current world order! It's possible, but I think it's more likely they're just incompetent."
"Ah yes, i forgot that jobs in scientific advancement totally define people while others do not Then again, your job description probably isn't ""inventing the electrothermal hydrazine thruster for rocket propulsion""."
"cause that's not weird at ALL Disturbing plea for a ""working womb"" on my Facebook feed :O"
"Yep just like all women enter beauty pageants Of course, all men enter such competitions."
"It's because Heroes of the Storm is SO much superior to both Dota 2 and League of Legends that they wouldn't want to stain the glorious game that Blizzard made by putting it in the same genre Explain this to me... PotS is a 'Team Brawler'? I keep seeing this so called genre pop up. What's up with this? Just an attempt to make the game seem unique and non-boring? Or to try and deflect any criticism from games that have been doing this for years? I mean, In all honesty, don't the mechanics themselves kind of make fighting pointless most of the time? It's more objective based than anything, but I guess the genre 'Objective Capturer' doesn't quite sound as fun as Team Brawler right? Even then, Team Brawler sounds like a childs version of a Teamfight."
"Don't worry, we'll finally listen to the decades old GAO predictions the fund goes defunct in 2035 soon! and let me remind YOU 65+ redditor! my tax-withheld income pays your social security that lets you pay the internet bill so you can get on reddit in the first place. you're welcome!"
"If only were in the United States, then you can become a state. Yea exactly. I'd be fine if they told me I wouldn't have to pay federal income tax like Puerto Ricans. They can have their statehood. I want my money."
"The format is very diverse - there are lots of ways to die before your 4th turn ""modern's fine"" Even discounting the ridiculous showing that Bant Eldrazi is putting on, this breakdown is still awful. Linear aggressive decks still have a powerful stranglehold on the format, with the heralded bastions of fair magic (jund and jeskai) falling farther and farther down in high end representation with every tournament. People will argue that modern is ""in a great place"" and that you can ""play whatever you want""... but they're just wrong at this point."
"Stop oppressing them with your privilege, you NAZI! I was hoping I had buried my horrible racism deep enough into the comments. Dammit!"
"...but you have all those sweet guns you're all so defensive about, 2nd Amendment and all. We're no longer in a position to stop them."
Downtown Chicago? Happy i have my own backyard for a range
Nice title bro Here's stunning footage of Saudi Arabia's airstrikes against the Houthi rebels in Yemen
"Better yet, they could start seizing more property! ""Barking up the wrong tree?"" I never said they aren't already comparatively well paid. Current police pay is reflective of the risks currently associated with the job, including legal liabilities. Police work is dangerous and unpredictable. It might not be the most dangerous job, but it certainly isn't as safe as an average career. Increase the legal risks by lowering standards of liabilities, and you'll have to increase pay to continue to find police officers even as good as what we have now. You wouldn't expect a brick layer to start buying his own mortar if you won't raise his pay to compensate. This is just how microeconomics works. There's a snowball's chance in hell that making police liability insurance compulsory, never mind the increased chance of jail time, wouldn't cause an increase in how much police are paid, some drop in performance, or both. My point, and apparently nobody who downvoted me thought long enough to consider this, is where this money would come from. The majority of the increase won't come from the people who can afford it: they already live where it isn't much needed (because of low crime), and they don't get raised taxes anyway because they make campaign contributions. It'll largely come from people who can't afford to protest it in elections, either by overt tax increases or by ""unofficial"" (intense police ticketing/fines) taxes since it's always OK to increase penalties for breaking the law. Liability insurance is well-meaning, but it'll ultimately worsen the situation."
This gets increasingly funny every time it's posted. Gently blow on your screen...
Typical woman It was like 6 in a month. She needed to be grounded
"Because why do we need to use something that has ""international"" in the name? FINALLY, AN IPA USER! I can't stand the American system. Why isn't IPA taught in schools?"
3rd hit should be % health true damage so he'll be more in line with the new champions. Armor pen on his 3rd hit.
"Nah, you just lack faith. That fact alone should make JWs stop and give serious thought to their religion, but those I've talked to always just brush it off when I bring up their founder being a proven fraud"
"Don't worry, his schedule gets so much easier lick my nuts Hopkins"
"Wait, there's lags on EU? WTF is with those EU hyperlags? Start of game, 2x two ppl DC. And we stuck with AI Tracer till end of game. Which can solo Terrors on GoT, but cant deal with any enemy.. RIP promotion game."
"And those graphics.... They put witcher 3 to shame. 0:36-0:43 Woah, nice 480 you got there!"
"Oh thank god nothing illegal happens, then. If you're in the US, that's illegal for them to do."
"Just give me all your monies so you can send me to colleg. To Invention,"
Rip trying to see this on 4k monitors A Blue square in glorious 1 x 1 resoloution
Crem Brulee What's the worst food to eat burnt?
And dont go swimming right after you ate something... This is really dangerous
Was gonna say that rain might break the opti but it looks like a V-6 car. 4th gen in the rain
Because women just don't worry about their bodies enough... TRP proves once again that they have never been near a vagina.
Yeah he's an asshole for being gay. Dad is an asshole. Poor Mom.
"He'd still support Bolton, because someone would start a new club, buy the old club's assets, and they'd be the same club... I'm curious. If Bolton was liquidated, who'd you support?"
LOL WHOOSH. (he's making fun of the horrible grammar in the pic)
"great idea, we should have you running riot studios IMO every monster shoud give you a bonus when smited. And Counter jungle smite should give a different bonus."
"Stop victim blaming! I feel for someone being robbed, but how on earth can we as a society protect people when they don't apply even a basic level of self protection. Hey, look a really dark alley with a 5 youths in masks hanging out at the end... This is Canada and I have the right to go anywhere safely so I will see what they are up to."
"Ur thin privilege ugh Exactly, look at that fat person not bothering me or affecting me at all what an asshole."
"It's not like Joseph called every other religion an abomination or anything. lolololololol ""Never tore down any other beliefs"""
"Nah, fuck Brooklyn. I feel so bad for the nets fans They don't deserve this. They deserve better"
HAHAHAHA Fuck Junkrat and this game. Minecraft is the best game NA and all you scrubs gotta hop on this shit.
I really hope you mean That's exactly where they'd expect you to be. The most important thing is for a team to split up as to avoid AoEs and Ultimates. Divide and conquer! Widowmakers are particularly great for this and you can never have too many!
"Wow, what a classy guy! Groom wants to hook up at wedding reception with pregnant employee. Doesn't like being called out State Cop brother jumps in."
"Wow, TIL youtube views=reddit votes. It is interesting and worthwhile content. All I'm pointing out is that it's considered against the ""rules/guidelines"" to ask for upvotes in the title."
"burn your headlights, you damn yankee If it's raining and visibility is limited, turn on your headlights!!! Also, it would have been nice to know they were shutting down part of N. Davidson for the next two weeks. I was late to work because of it today."
Can't hug eeevery cat...But I can try! My friend's cat recently had kittens. This is the greatest moment of my life.
It's okay though because an Asian person gave it to him. I'm Asian and find this offensive. Mocking Asian accents is becoming more and more popular on Reddit these days. Hooray. The only accent i have is from New Jersey but to have kids talk to you in this 'ching chong' accent while you're growing up is fucked up because they're mocking you and trying to dehumanize you.
No one plays casual seriously What if you want to drop for your entire team in Casual?
Do you think anyone else is honestly worth caring about... Are you fucking complaining that American culture doesn't get enough spotlight?
"Well, with 700 billion dollars, why not? You don't get to redefine what a full sized keyboard is because you're Apple."
"But...but...but that doesn't comport with the narrative! I dislike Lyin' Ted as much as the next guy, but he isn't wrong here. In case you're wondering, their metric is to measure up how many 'defensive' instances of gun usage there are against how many gun fatalities there are, and somehow this is supposed to mean that women are less safe with guns, when in fact what it really means is that women are less safe around dangerous men who happen to be armed"
"I'm sure the President of the United States has nothing better to do than answer questions on reddit. Dunno if this will even get noticed, but I had the thought that it would be rather nice if the President could come back for an AMA maybe once a month. The thing is, rather than have everyone spew questions into a thread, reddit could hold their own thread ahead of time where people could post questions, and the top 10 or so (serious) votes everyone upvotes to the top could be the ones he would answer when he had time. This would streamline the process a whole lot and allow the Reddit community to basically all pick out the best questions to ask (if the President and Reddit would be interested in doing this again)."
But all Muslims are terrorists remember. This is a non-thing. He's the father of the shooter. They're two different people. And he wasn't invited. It's intellectually dishonest for the right to try to make this into an issue.
"Geez guys get a room. You're being rude right now, maybe you should grow up? I suppose you already reported me, now move on?"
Before you mave to a better country pay your debt. Great solution!!thanks
"Lol yeah, that'll totally work Remove their implied control. ""parents, I have hidden LSD in a place you will never find to confiscate. I am going to take it at xx:xx on xx/xx/xxxx. please respect that I am going to have this experience and leave me alone for 12 hours. be aware that with LSD the set and setting is extremely important and if you interfere it increases the chance of me having a bad trip, if this is the case i will assign blame to you and treat you as if you had psychologically harmed me, because it is functionally the same"""
It's only wrong when it's fake women not fake men I'm excited to see this sub's anger towards the sexual objectification exhibited here.
"Hey, natural nuts traded for sucrose injected with unnatural colors is always a win! TIL that every autumn you can exchange chestnuts and acorns against gummy bears at the HARIBO factory in germany because the founder was a passionate hunter and wanted to give even poor children the opportunity for some free sweets"
"But these ""good guys"" put in so much effort, and the women just don't understand the ""friend-to-lover"" transition for all that hard work! The ""friend zone"" bullshit has to stop. Whether you're male or female some people aren't going to be attracted to you. You need to deal with that."
"yeah but it's gender-neutral because whoever does the asking pays I don't have much dating experience, But isn't usually the guy who asks out the girl?"
"About time someone owned up! Sorry guys, it's official - I'm a curse I've attended 3 games at Starfire. 2 S2 games and 1 Sounders game, and I have yet to be there when the team won, or even drew. I've only seen losses. So many losses. Anyways, sorry. It's clearly all my fault."
"FINALLY, A PACIFIST CHRISTIAN CONSERVATIVE Huckabee: Christians should not enlist in the military until we have a more godly president"
"Yeah, he should have just driven past. Never get out of the car to help in the middle of the interstate at night unless you have flares, and even if its daytime you need to make sure it has good visibility. Sad a man had to die trying to help someone, it sucks but there is a reason most emergency personnel tell you not to be a hero."
"Maybe even a gay romance if we get lucky I'm going to make a prediction. In the young Han Solo movie, there will be a woman that is just as capable as he is (rendering him useless), or Lando will have equal or more screen time and be a co-star, rather than a supporting character. I predict that young Han Solo will not get to tell his story effectively."
"Because only his opinion matters and you're a bigot if you disagree! Wat. Those heroes are fun to play as and all but Mei (and Mei still can be) fine to play against. None of them are broken OP and unfixable, so why should they be removed from the game"
"But dude God wrote it so its like the best source of all time anthropology and sociology maybe, but certainly not history."
"Uh... But the prostitutes doesn't desire you or even necessarily like you. She's just willing to fuck you for money. I can see how you. an get validation from sex, but struggle to understand how paying someone to have sex with you provides validation. Would you say it's equal to, greater than, or less than sex with a non prostitute?"
"""You recieved: P90 | Module (field-tested) for having done 796 Overwatch cases with an accuracy of 98,5%."" maybe have drops after certain number of overwatch cases reviewed? Or depending on the accuracy of your reviews? that would provide necessary incentive to review more cases!"
His friend probably stole his phone and said that as a joke! I've heard this same sentence so many times. It doesn't work.
"But Israel is a mean old racist apartheid state, unless those innocent wonderful Palestinians! Netanyahu voices support for gay rights on Knesset LGBT Day"
"If Blizzard literally made the game f2p with micro transactions tomorrow, RIP LoL, Dota, CS, Minecraft, Hearthstone, mobile games and console gaming. People are somehow convinced that the game would be better (could be) and much more popular (no way) if Blizzard listened to their input. Half disappointed half delusional I guess"
"Clearly the man is impartial and should be handling everything related to GamerGate on Wikipedia. Wikipedia editor Mark Bernstein thinks that GamerGate supporters have the intention to ""assault, rape and murder women in the computing industry."""
"I'm sorry, I have the copyright on the letter ""o"", so either pay me money or I am going to have to flag your comment. Copyright and IP are starting to get absurd. Just the other day a train museum tried to trademark the name and image of a 60 year old steam locomotive that they restored (but did not design, build or operate) in order to prevent fans from writing books about it, publishing photos or other activities without buying a license and giving them a cut."
threeway I've never been hit on in Town of Salem before...
So happy I dropped him around Week 2 as we thought Rawls was coming back to carry the load.. Christine Michael set to carry the load for the Seahawks
"Well I guess that makes everything okay. NSA surveillance played little role in foiling terror plots, experts say | World news"
"You must be insane So he smiles and says hi? He still may want to sleep with you, you just shouldn't assume that he wants to. Maybe (and this is crazy) if you want to sleep with him, you should, let him know that you want to sleep with him. It might facilitate the process."
I think those in question care more about the artistic value of the song more than a video. Has everybody forgotten about the really sexy music video that accompanied the YouTube version?
"Yeah reddit is so fond of Muslims True. If you were Muslim and said you didn't agree with Gays they'd probably let you off, hypocrisy is one of Reddits fortes"
"Because in those areas, their gun laws predated their gun-related homicide problems. And that's why Arizona has so many gun-related homicides every year! Oh wait, that's D.C. where guns are damn near illegal."
"What, you mean my credit card is not free money? Not spending money that you dont actually have"
"Have you ever been on Tumblr? Seriously, it seems like the gaming community is the most easily triggered."
"Not gonna lie, would love to chat at your horse Wanna chat in my car?"
"Don't worry, everyone here follows reddiquette! Except this isn't a lie. I'd bet a million bucks on it."
"What a scrub. ""Andrew Luck threw the most TD passes in 2014"" upvote party! Fear the Neard!!!"
"After each 100 science you have a random chance of getting a backpack drop which when open with a key from the KSP store will have a chance at unlocking a new skin for one of your parts. With beta looming fast, I think we should talk a little about science and if/how it should be developed. The science system as it stands just doesn't feel right to me. It's a decent place holder but it seems somewhat arbitrary and more importantly, not as fun as it could be. When science was first implemented there was a design problem which allowed you to transmit all Science back to the KSP without needing to return the experiment. This was patched out in favour of the current system. It works better from a game play perspective (forcing you to think about the return journey as well), but it does make the science grind even more tedious. And that's the problem. Science is currently a grind and I feel that needs to change given that it's a core part of career mode. I think that some mods have hit on key points. Station Science for example allows you to conduct experiments in orbit which have resource requirements, meaning you can build your own skylab and ferry stuff up there for them to ~~combust~~ experiment on. This helps to alleviate the grind and also adds to game play by forcing you to consider how you will keep the station supplied with materials. In career mode you want some sort of reusable vehicle to minimize costs. Something reusable like a plane, but that can fly into space. The amount of 'loose' science later in the game is also a little annoying. I'd like to be able to spend science on a little more than just unlocking the tech nodes. Perhaps a system whereby specific parts could be enhanced with science for diminishing returns? For example invest 50 science into the Torodial Aerospike rocket for a small increase in ISP. Invest another 100 for another increase. Different players could specialize parts to suit their play style and goals. Of course these are numbers off the top of my head , they'd need tweaking and analyzing to get a proper progression curve. This would hopefully create a system in which players may feel science is better spent on enhancing current equipment rather than saving up for all new equipment. It also increases the amount of science required to obtain everything in the game, meaning players get a little more longevity and the huge amount of excess science in the game becomes less of a thing. I'd also like to see something a little more involved in the equipment and experiments used. For example KSP Interstellar requires the use of impactor probes to get seismic scans. This means there's a little more involvement than just right click and run experiment. Similarly it would be interesting to see something like the Magnetometer giving more science the higher the magnetic flux is reading. So now you have to position and actually map (somewhat) the Van Allen belts to get the best science reading. How will you solve the navigational and fuel issues? On the other hand you're now also well prepared to set an anti matter farm in exactly the right place. This is mod stuff obviously, but I think it shows a certain approach to science that the core game could benefit hugely from- Parts become more than just something to right click on when in the right location, and missions need to be planned more carefully to get the best results. Of course you could still get science by running the experiment in any situation- just not as much. Thus new players don't need to be fiddling with detail right away. These are just a few ideas. Overall I think what we have at the moment is a solid foundation, but it's just a foundation. What would you change? Do you prefer stock as it is right now? Why?"
All we have is rape culture. At least they said we have culture?
"I hope we are #3 So according to the Boston Globe, his first choice was the Cubs, second choice was the Cardinals. But Sox made an offer that he could not refuse. And it looks like Cubs never made an offer."
"That's a fantastic umbrella to put rugby players under Ain't gonna happen. Rugby is the last bastion of alcoholic, sexist, racist, homophobic young men."
you forgot the ^This A silver can give just as good tips as a Gold Nova or a global
awwwwww Dog looks terrified.
"Nah, it was Jill Stein's fault Obama says Democrats lost by not showing up"
"Well any wise person knows that if you kill people that disagree with you, it's because you are obviously right. You are pretty much correct in that assessment. Luke 19:27(these are Jesus' own words.): 'Find those in the city that do not want me to reign over them and bring them before me and slay them before me.' I don't know if Jesus would be proud; but, it is a start. If the Fear God believers killed the guy outright, that would have made Jesus proud. To anyone thinking about the term 'parables' at this point, please do a shot of Draino."
"nonono, youre supposed to take all the credit for yourself I asked my friend if I could post this here, she drew it!"
"Thanks for pointing that out... It's a reference to a meme involving Vegeta exclaiming over the power level of Goku, although the number in the show is 9000. Someone made a joke about the similarity in digits."
EUV needs to be next up They're just teasing us right now
"Does he mean xyz scum? From the way you phrased this comment, it sounds as if you dont live in the UK. If you aren't here and dont know the situation, don't comment on it. Also ""migrant trash"" lol"
"You don't get high on birth control? This is all bullshit, but birth control pills arent illegal so why would they even call you put on that? You cant get in trouble for birth control."
"I wonder if it's just a coincidence that everything looks symmetrical Leaked Images from Wes Anderson's ""The Grand Budapest Hotel"". I like what I see."
"Jesus, how are you even going to lift it? Anyone know if Ikea sells a desk that can support a 1500lb monitor?"
"Time for him to retire Wade 3/18, my soul hurts"
"There are no dickheads in Australia I'd feel so unsafe sleeping supported by those poles.. what if some dickhead came over and kicked them? Regardless, that is awesome."
Yes because only Indian people have a monopoly on over bearing mothers. You must be Indian. I feel your pain bro. Sweet ducati noises make it okay.
"ohhh somebody please remove u/johncenatbh he is not saying that KD is a bitch I think KD signing with the Warriors was not a bitch move, he and Westbrook were clearly not working, he tried for years, and he had a chance to join a historic team, a lot of people in his shoes would do the same."
"Yeah remember that shark they trained to do to jump on command and splash people for fun haha that was the best! WAY smarter than sharks? Not at all. Only a little bit smarter (not because they are stupid, but because sharks are smart) Also, sharks bite people for curiosity reasons, not for food. So the idea orcas know we aren't food and sharks do not is a farce."
"Racist. On holidays from work, and with my family out of town, I dedicated three full days to creating the best mashup I could think of. Behold."
Obamacare will take care of me for 20 years How's that social security treating you again?
Because there is a difference between girls and boys How in the world did they not realize their hypocrisy
"#HAES Status check:poisoned, malignent tumor, bullet wound, obesity. *Drinks a cokes and slams some curly fries* Status check: Healthy and lovin' it. **EA Games, Challenging everything**"
TIL on To Catch a Predator the guys were mostly interested in the boy TIL: Pedophilia is only considered bad when it involves boys
"West Bengal with it's communist government eliminated the ""servant"" culture. It's feudalism. It existed in Europe too before Communism and Democracy arose."
Bestest scripts EU by far Forg1ven Script - GMB vs GIA
"Quality post, i rate it 10/10 and upvoted. I just did the craziest overwatch So i go to do an over watch like normal and then see that this guy is blatantly walling while 2 other people on his team are rage spin botters and 3 people on the other are spin botting aswell this was the craziest overwatch I've ever done and it just makes me sad."
"Don't worry, we got Spaling and a 3rd so I'm okay with this deal now More on the Kessel trade: Leafs lose Tyler Biggs, Tim Erixon and 2nd in 2016"
but.....*what if* they wont
...Opaque Box? Is there a Silverbugs version of lootcrate out? I was wondering if there was a lootcrate type thing for siverbugs where the box would come with coin and coin collecting things
Naw ... 6Kyrs old made to look like it was 25 Myrs old 25 million-year-old whale bone discovered on Australian beach
"Yeah, give me mass-produced shit from a few behemoth companies any day Artisan products a drag on productivity"
"Want to help us find out ? did it fell ""good"" or ""peaceful"" or just empty?"
Formerly christian hopefully it is How many sharpies did it take to become formerly white?
Well after this release of info there is no way I could vote for Hillary Clinton. Texas Congresswoman blames Wikipedia for leaked Clinton emails
"Well depending on context and writing style it does, but either way, should have added a Sarcasm doesn't translate well in text."
"Yeah, but if you're rich, you can fuck off with your mental problems. Mental health is a far more serious issue than we openly recognize. We should be more open in talking about it when over 100 million people are affected by it in some way."
"Aww but...but creepy doll! I love my husband dearly but if he popped one of my daughters eyes out, rippled their hair out, and slammed them into a table I'm pretty sure there would be no forgiving him."
"As someone raised, I would put them under. As someone raised Protestant, I would put them under Anglican :)"
"Sorry forgot the Screwed on higher education, who would have ever thought."
You forgot this: It's an incredible map too
nah mate fluke merchants... City still has that
"""You are just in this hospital for attention!"" I suffer from mental illness. The amount of idiots I get trying to be ""sympathetic"" towards me is astounding. They aren't of course, they're just worried about themselves. When I call them out on it I usually get told that I don't really suffer from mental illness and am a horrible person for saying I do. The funniest time I was told that I don't really suffer from mental illness was earlier this year. While I was an inpatient in a psychiatric hospital."
"But there are no fans in Vegas and you don't deserve a team. Everyone is so against this, and I'm just sitting in Vegas all giddy. I hope it happens and all your salty tears create a new ocean, with new life forms and all the new life forms suffer from chronic ass pain."
"It's ok though because Islam is the religion of peace! Muslims Slaughter Over 10,000 Christians and Destroy 13,000 Churches in Nigeria. MSM silent."
"Yeh man, totally deserves to die young Meh. After paid mods he's not so great anymore."
Get new friends People bring wheels of cheese to my parties instead of bottles of vodka.
"whatever, it's a good faith year. This is so frustrating. So employees won't get all of their tax information until MARCH 31st!! And the due date is still April 18th. Gee thanks, because the the last two weeks of busy season were too easy."
JJ Abrams to make Star Wars reboot where Anakin doesn't turn evil. Disney Plans 'Star Wars' Stand-Alone Films
"I'm sure that infertile women who can't have kids and instead have to have dogs that are their babies would totally agree with these ""real"" moms. Found this on Facebook and I can't stop giggling."
"Yea we only have a billion years to live on the earth might as well say fuck it and destroy it in the next 100. Yes, joeanon is right, but you missed his point. The sun is going to engulf the Earth and kill everything on it in roughly a billion years. In fact, everything will be dead long before that (as the sun gets hotter and burns everything away)."
"Oh good, they support vaccines unlike those barbaric Taliban. This is the news guys... CNN VID about ISIS"
Stop victim blaming! Guys we have NO IDEA what happened before this video started. Maybe the guy was REALLY trying to rape them!
"Kogmaws chromas are cool too Kog'maw. His skins range from cute, to funny, and just plain bad ass. He has a skin for any preference, which is how it should be for all champions."
Douchebag... I found myself being this asshole.
"On iFunny, the app with the most original content ever, and a very mature user base. On 9GAG, 1 week later."
"If Jamaica can race bobsleds why can't there be hockey in hot climates? Personally I can see the 3 main sports of the world at some point being soccer, basketball, and baseball. The talents required for them don't intersect much and baseball is the only one with a similar sport its competing with in cricket, but from everything I know baseball has had way more worldwide growth than cricket lately. Hockey will always be there as well, just harder to be as worldwide being played on ice."
yeah what an asshole When I got arrested it amazed me how few people dress appropriately. Dirty white tee's everywhere and the guy next to me had a fresh neck tat
Idk what you're talking about Oh? How hot??
"Wow, what a nice guy. All girls are the same I guess"
"That article wasn't completely biased at all ""The former Secretary of State was the only one on stage Saturday night who looked like she could step into the presidency tomorrow. Her knowledge on foreign policy -- from ISIS to Syria and beyond -- was significantly greater than her rivals, and it showed"" ""she demonstrated a willingness to whack away at O'Malley (on his acceptance of corporate dollars as chairman of the Democratic Governors Association) and Sanders (on the cost of his proposals) -- showing that she was not content to sit back and play defense."" Whut"
"Just legalize the drugs, the market will go away, and these guys will move onto proper crimes instead of victimless ones. its a self-perpetuating cycle. Poor kids sell drugs to afford to live, gets caught, sent to prison, gets out, cant get aid, go back to selling drugs in order to survive/feed family. Gets caught, goes back, gets out, ad infinitum."
This is why we need to end net neutrality! I have absolutely no problems with loading the ads or the actual video. Blame your ISPs instead. They are likely hijacking your traffic to their own local cache which are equal to the computer in the lower part of the picture.
"Not all of us care to have a ""smartphone"" you damn hipsters.... Why not just put a daily automatic calendar reminder on your smartphone about 10 minutes before you usually leave for work? Works for me."
Wukong Full AD Use Q to ks everything You're welcome I'm getting tilted because i cant get a S
"But he traded an unproven rookie with attitude issues for a mediocre center, that's totally as bad! I dare you to find a trade he made that even compares to either of the ones made today."
"Nah people were black and white before that, don't you even know history? This could be 1921 and I would not be able to tell the difference"
You can say he almost snuck into that inch of space in front of you Stupid taxi thinks the whole road is his
I can only assume he meant How though? By performing poorly in every governmental position she's held?
"You don't understand though, their kid looked to good not to share dammit ! So the school made it clear you were not to post photos that include the girl because of legal issues. Then your wife posted photos of the girl they told you not to. Then someone was injured to the point of needing hospitalization as a result of the photo your wife shouldn't have posted. And you're worried about your rights being violated? k."
Because that's a side effect of the same virus that causes homosexuality. Why do some gay guys effect an over the top lisp?
"Are u sure though.. Rs3 had A LOT of updates, look what happened Lets put it this way... If the game is not updated with new content the game will simply die. And I think we can all agree none of us want that. So I ask the people who want Old School to stay entirely Old School. Don't forget that people will eventually become bored, find little reason to continue playing, leave. And there you go the game is dead except for say... I dunno 50-100 or so people just like Runescape Classic. So think about the long game here."
"Yeah, better to let them drown or be bombed by whoever is throwing bombs in $region right now. There is no way Germany could properly screen the amount of people they accepted. This is all on Merkel and her policies.. Trudeau better be taking notes on this stuff."
"Yep, go ahead and not fear that crocodile trying to bite your face off, no fear you have magic shield you won't have to act, just die right. Fear is sin. Also, it's illogical."
"Sure, now that gays can marry. To be fair, I'm sure this must exist somewhere"
"Sounds like a really cool pet with a great personality. Alllllright. I'll put it on the blog too since I thought of it. I was about five, maybe six years old. My brother who was three years older had his buddy from school staying at the house for the weekend, and the three of us decided to go down to the lake and go fishing. Now my brother's friend is a city kid, and we figure out that he's terrified of snakes. We get down to the lake and there's crawdad holes all over around the edge of the lake. He didn't know any better so we told him they were all snake holes. He was three years older than me, but I still had him on his toes all morning calling out snake and putting sticks by his feet. It was fun. It was on the walk back that it got real interesting. I'm walking back behind him and my brother. My brother is carrying the poles and he's carrying his shoes over his shoulders, walking in the grass. He must have stepped right over it, because I'm walking behind him and look right down to see a big, big garter snake in the grass right along the road. I'd handled snakes and had never had any natural fear of them. My father always said that when I was barely old enough to know what a snake was I'd yelled at him to stop the tractor while he was mowing a field, ran out in front of it and flopped down on a little snake. I just never had that natural fear. So I do about the same thing here. I just reached down and grabbed it. ""Snake!'' I look up just in time to see my brother's friend break the sound barrier running away. Snake is literally longer than I am. Holding it by the neck over my head (don't do this without supporting the body) its tail still dragged on the ground. Huge garter. Well, long story slightly shorter, it turns out to be a Western Garter, known for being just about as mean as snake can get. That little bastard struck at anyone that ever got near it. Most snakes will get used to you after a while. Black snakes will calm down in about five minutes usually. That little bastard bit me right on the wrist when I put it in a big jar. Then bit me again on the hand when I tried to transfer it to an aquarium. Bit me square on the nipple the one time I tried to hold him. Right through a sweater, dead on the nipple. That one hurt. So after a few days I just let it go. He was just too mean to keep. But having him for a first snake, I think I just never worried about it, and as a result I've ended up getting bit sooner or later by all my snakes, and a few of my friend's snakes. Once even by a lizard. Ever been bitten by a Golden Tegu? That hurt like hell, they're truly vicious. And that's the story of my first snake bite."
"As an American, what the fuck is a gram? The fast food prices in the US never ceases to surprise me. A 90 gram burger in Sweden is at least 5-6$."
"""But isn't it a good thing if the US and Russia were more friendly?"" There's a whole lot more wrong with that than what Putin did to Russia. Imagine if Putin had access to the depth and breadth of US intelligence... how many countries could he steamroll if he knew where our pants were down?"
I like how Harley Quinn went from looking like an actual harlequin court jester to playing card themed paramilitary bikini model. Suicide Squad by Lee Bermejo
"Well, is this case the only case of a Muslim convicted of rape, ever? This is what the justice system has come to."
"Well, this post is clearly going to have a constructive discussion in the comments section. Guys don't be insecure around ladies with make-up on - they are cheating"
"As a mountain biker and occasional trail steward/repair person, this is not a very sustainable use of trails. Curiosity's Wheels break rocks... 'Role-Reversal at its Best'"
He works in mysterious ways. Then the question arises as to why he waited so long.
"Yeah, true love goes only to the best-looking option. Didn't mum kind of force the issue for him? As I recall, he was sleeping around with the same married woman before Diana came into the picture. The whole thing seems very arranged and Charles didn't want to do any of it. Then, after the blood line was secure (two kids), he's like ""Okay, mum, I've had enough. I'm dumping this insanely hot woman for my still-married true love."""
"No, being a mother is! They should hand out a gold medal to the oldest person on earth during each olympics, because life is the toughest sport there is"
"Damn, I was hoping to see Skyrim on this sale. Bethesda Sale; Fallout 4 Deluxe Bundle for $54.99"
America would win** FTFY Israel would win. How is that even debatable?
Boy I bet you're a real joy at hackathons And here is what OPs slide says for comparison: void applyShampoo() { do { lather(); rinse(); } while (true); }
You mean 5 people don't get a free skin for 95 RP ($1)? Only for that match of course! XD
"yay, wonder womans first onscreen appearance and we reduce her to being a naked sexthing! Lame lol. I wanted to see a nekkid Gal Gadot or Amy Adams."
Oh yeah Cooper never plays the same songs 96FM has Alice Cooper at night.
"Yea, murder is definitely the reasonable response. Should've took his shotgun and shoot him"
"Sweet dose of nationalism to the uneducated guard. On Camera, Minister Mahesh Sharma's Staff Slaps Guards Who Stopped His Car"
"Shut up, pussy. Male shaming. Can't show how you feel because it's unmanly so you're forced to hide it. Any kind of shaming really but that's one example."
Players who aren't compensated being given cars and televisions The death penalty is a joke if a school can literally get away with actively covering up 4 decades of rape and still be allowed in. I mean is there any situation you would think the death penalty would apply in if you don't think it applies here?
Our society would be so much better if we just let all our prisoners go and didn't lock up anymore up. TIL The Netherlands Closed Eight Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals
Epic use of memes br0 Ha! That same damn thing happens to my buddy all the time. Kinda funny when it happens because his rage is usually over 9000.
doomed! I've been holding off buying one for so long just to see that there won't be a new one. apple is doomed
"Um, I'm sorry, but the ""opposite"" gender implies that there are only two genders, when in reality there are roughly 1053 genders. If you could be the opposite gender for a day, what would you do?"
"God life would be so much easier for white males if it weren't for all these pansies getting offended by sexism and racism and rape jokes! LITERALLY ruined the world, guys. The world is all gone to shit now because some people care about stuff."
"Looks legit. Ragnor, Troubadour"
"No one's ever complained about DotA's spawn timer for jungle mobs. I get the feeling a lot of people haven't actually read the clarity explanation on the LoL site. Their clarity team has decided that manual timers are stifling and promote rote meta-information instead of engaging gameplay, so they simplified the process by adding in automated timers. This was spurred by third-party apps because the clarity team wants everyone to be on the same page regarding information that's both extremely simple and extremely vital."
"How can you be moral without god? Brisbane archbishop 'told abuse victim to ditch sinful path' of litigation, inquiry told"
"Omg, just buy a new one! If you have a 4s or earlier iOS-7 is probably not a good upgrade. The features are solid, however the iPhone lost the crispness I came to expect from Apple products and the controls now feel muddy and laggy."
She was teaching how Obama takes all the money from the hardworking Americans and allows lazy shits like yourself to sit on your ass and live comfortably. My economics teacher would give us all the same grade without giving us a chance to earn it ourselves and only made us do two worksheets. The rest of the year was watching movies like inception and life of pi. Sure it was nice to have a free period but she was an absolutely awful teacher.
"Yeah, the woman who opposed gay marriage because of the bible's importance to society was a progressive. When all is said and done I think Australia voted for the right leader. Rudd is not a good leader. He's not a progressive and axed Gillard who actually was. He didn't deserve to be in power again. His government and what he represents certainly don't deserve to be in power again. I have my reservations about Abbott but I think he is the lesser of two evils."
"Yeah but they wouldn't have to reduce his SS and disability if Obama and liberals didn't ruin the economy and create this disaster we're living in. My retired, redneck, Trump voting dad won't be upset unless/until they hit him in his SS and disability."
"Lol give the veterns discounts/free food for their service but make them pay anyway cause every knows if you don't tip you aren't a true American My god, reddit's circlejerk on tipping is so painful. Of course we need a fucking mallard to tell us what to do because the rules of tipping aren't codified, and clearly people aren't capable of navigating this social conundrum on their own."
I'm sure batman could still defeat them No. That's why Evas don't work against other things. They aren't mechs but they fight like them and are pretty much indestructible.
Just when I thought Hollywood was out of new ideas WTF? - A first look at the upcoming Sci-Fi flick starring Adrien Brody about two scientists who splice together human and animal DNA to create a new organism.
"There should be a subreddit for things that dota has that cs doesn't Really don't understand why this is not a thing, dota2 already has this."
I hear troops love being led with people who've never had experience in politics or military! And thats why a lot of people voted for him. Cause thats a huge fucking plus
About as real as Christianity Is this voodoo magic stuff real?
Or for the stadium to blow up Probably will be rooting for a tie.
"I know they're such idiots! The problem here is that it's not in short supply, so greedy investors can't bank on their scarcity. Heaven Hill Distillery is really screwing their brand over by making it readily available for people to drink and enjoy all year round."
"No one will ever forget : Chumba Wumba Keep listening to your brain drain, thats exactly what they want you to do. That music will be long since forgotten, and people will still listen to Mozart."
"But gay people are LITERALLY destroying out countries because they have sex with eachother in their bedrooms! I love bisexual women, you have no idea what you're missing. Love is Love, I don't want to fuck fat chicks but if someone else digs them, let them have fun."
"But the reflections from my neighbors panels give me headaches Especially when a significant portion of that 'space' can be dual utilized, as the arrays can be installed on a house being used. It's not a zero-sum game."
"OMG you used 4 lines to write this, I could do that in 3, so ineffecient Software Development. Despite the fact that most developers will acknowledge that 99.9% of the time there are many ways to go about doing something, everything that they weigh in on always falls in that other 0.1% category. Efficiency, leaner code, readability all being among the ""I'm still more right"" justifications - often being baseless assertions detached from the reality of the code in contest..."
"He's not giving the Nazi salute, he's just attending a Trump rally German problems"
Because their health is my problem and should require the government to interfere with my medical options. Because health insurance is so affordable.
"It was supposed to be sarcasm guess I needed the you're one of those people sometimes, don't think that you aren't."
"Perhaps he's a believer in the curvature of spacetime, like all sensible, rational people. I am genuinely perplexed. How do you not believe in gravity?"
"Its an Oculus anti-consumer move to require an external computing device! Yes, and we even have to supply our own pc too, shocking."
"But he's ruining my precious art Not only that, from what I understand he generally enjoys making big visuals and dealing with the effects and stuff. If you enjoy doing something that makes you big bucks, who gives a shit if a bunch of people on the internet criticize you for not making Citizen Kane. Far as I'm concerned hes living the dream. If he ever has a movie he really wants to make, he has enough good faith to do whatever he wants with the studios, but getting to go to work where they pay you a bunch of money to fake blow stuff up sounds like a good gig."
"Nice one Wainuiomata mall management - trying to con poor unsuspecting LowerHuttians over to your dying mall. The bakery in the Wainuiomata mall (inside, next to McDonalds) is fantastic. They sometimes do salted caramel eclairs. Daily Bread has a good reputation, I think their cream doughnuts are decent. Those are two good staring points anyway. Good luck!"
BUT WHY ALL TWEAKS SHOULD BE FREE! It means it needs to confirm you have a license to use it (ie make sure you've paid for it).
Because clearly attempts to outlaw it are pushed by Big Pharma because you can't patent a stone! At least there are currently attempts to partially outlaw it. Resistance will be strong however.
Shoulda included that What is happening is your white privilege is causing you to be annoyed. You racist pig. They are clearly walking to their job or college and not deliberately trying to annoy other citizens.
"...can I have a Yak and an Emu together? It's one of those fuzzy lines we run into a lot at Picrequests. If someones homework is to photoshop a Yak and an Emu together, that is against the rules as it would be doing their homework. If someones homework is to make a report and they'd like to add a photo to the end, that is not doing their homework but you're still helping them with their homework. In this case, the homework was the report, not the logo on the report so I didn't mind throwing something together (2 min. job)."
Well the x-axis is only ~60 years and the Y-axis is only a 10% range so it's clearly not misrepresenting information in order to push an agenda. the end of Breton Woods caused wages to fall
"Yea, sure makes me (a size 6) feel much better about the 15 pounds I've been trying to lose.. Size six is anorexic?"
"Sure, you definitely know me as a person, inside and out, random internet site person. The only reason you don't think people need guns or cannabis is because you don't trust yourself to use them responsibly, and therefore trust no one to."
"Yeah because sex is over when the man cums, sooo... Is this Pennsatucky's brother or something? *""They lesbians! They lesbianing!""* My SO once had a guy message her about her bisexuality, and asked when lesbian women have sex, how they know when they're done... I feel so bad for the few women he has come into contact with."
You mean you DON'T want to see the crowd in the middle of a team fight? Stop moving the camera to the big screen mid team fights in MSI games...
"Doesn't matter, feelings leave no room for context or jokes, shitlord. But it's... it's her username :("
Wonder if Schmidhuber referenced all the papers in the last two years that proposed this Highway and Residual Networks learn Unrolled Iterative Estimation
GOD DAMN SPOILERS Beating Halo 1 with style
Well how else are you gonna watercool your HDMI port? Let's take a moment to appreciate the wealth of peripherals we can use. Like this HDMI to garden hose for that little bit extra cooling.
"yeah, because prison life is so leisurely and nice. So you would rather that they have a nice paid life in prison with no more need to work and everything paid by tax payers money? I am sorry but if a few innocent die it will not be the end of the world."
"Well, at least we don't have religions oppressive, controlling, ""original sin"" hanging around our necks anymore... No matter what you do, you'll always be at fault. Why try."
I guess some people really need that Woosh
"Marcelo, Dani Alves, David Luiz, Oscar, Fernandinho..... yeah, no offensive spark whatsoever I did, and a striker left alone at front is hardly to blame for the performance of a team that except for Neymar had 0 offensive sparks Their most threatening player after Neymar was the fucking CB Thiago Silva"
"What could possibly go wrong with asking teams to potentially play 9 hours of CS in a row? Playing all maps in Finals of Major What do you guys think about having teams play on all maps against eachother for the finals (Best of 7). I know it would take a LONG time, but excluding that, what do you guys think? I just thought of this like 5 minutes ago, and haven't put any thought into it, so let me know what you think."
"Which is why the vast majority of police forces, militaries, and civilians use semi-autos. .38 Special. Because small semi-autos are mostly more trouble than they're worth."
"Thanks for protecting us, Judge Ravenstahl! Charges Dropped Against Heinz Field Officer Accused Of Assaulting Fan....(Reall?)"
But Judo won't work because in real life people won't be wearing gi. No-gi Tai Otoshi?
Yeah Right they will pay for it. The article says that his treatment was sponsored by the Government of Pakistan.
"But then they wouldn't be literally *scaring women shitless* This gag would have worked just fine if it had been a bathroom with stalls and the two way was over the sink where a mirror would normally be. Scare ladies doing their makeup, no sexual misconduct allegations."
I'm only 11 and I know they're called Phillies 14/f/np will sum1 meet me under the bridge n teach me to write wickets?
"b-b-but he's a celebrity, we know everything about him! It's almost like people are complex and nuanced human beings. People have bad days. People get emotional. Does that mean he's a terrible person? No I don't think so. I think that makes him human. Everyone has a hard time with different things. Everyone has their own struggles. I try not to be so quick to judge someone, I'd rather seek to understand them. Famous people have hard times too. Just look at two great actors that died in the last year, Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Robin Williams. To us outsiders we would expect them to have amazing lives and very few problems. At least not the problems that we have. Yet everyone has their own battles to fight. It's really easy to place someone in a box and say ""that's who you are"". It's much harder to see the real person inside. That's the very thing that Kanye West struggles against. Sure he had trouble expressing himself and came off as a bit of an asshole, but it doesn't mean that's all he is."
"That's racist! really? Hey pot, it's me the kettle, you're black."
"Yep, the best way to avoid kids ruining their lives is by sticking them with jail time and a criminal record. I think it is right to prosecute him. It would send a wrong message to let people under the age of 18 take nude pictures and send them to eachother. Maybe this stops some 14 year old girl from taking pictures of herself, which can be hacked/found by the wrong person and get posted to forums for pedophiles."
"Huff Post - the bastion of credibility and honest journalism Britain First Threatens Sadiq Khan With 'Direct Action' Where He 'Lives, Works And Prays'"
Let's capitulate and let this guy have some nukes. Iranian supreme leader calls for Israel's 'annihilation'
"And if it turns out it wasn't their fault....then all is Forgiven right? In my humble opinion, if a young person dies because of shitty parents, shitty parents should be called out by anyone."
"Yes, because putting a mouse and keyboard in your hands gives you instant skill Only on console is it that easy to kill people."
"Would that be bad? And conversely, you can eject from a jet without worrying about going through the main rotor."
"Guess I should start telling people I grew up in ""midtown"" and not North Raleigh The article was spot on with it sounding like a Charlotte thing to. The fact they call their downtown ""uptown"" is so weird."
About 1/1698750 of your body weight is safe. What is a typical dosage size?
You forgot the BUT MY NEIGHBOR HAS A PITBULL AND ITS CUTE AND WOULDNT HURT A FLY
"nah man it's so much easier to find a great clip than a great girl Yes, you sad sad man."
"He better hope that goat was horny. After this he backpedaled and claimed he was interested in chatting because I had passed some test and was ""respectable"". So, I sent him some animal anuses and blocked him."
"Did you try and see if it works back in the state where it used to boot up? Just moved the tower across state lines in the car... now it won't boot into windows. So my PC is an alienware tower that I've had for 6-7 years (building a new PC over the christmas break). I transported it in the back seat laying on its side. Just hooked it all up and it will show the alienware boot logo briefly and then just idle at a black screen. I tried removing the graphics card and reseating it with no luck. Not really sure what to do, troubleshooting this stuff isn't really within my realm of knowledge at the moment. Help is appreciated!"
Yes because it will affect their lives and they will commit suicide now because of me! Mods need to delete this. You should have this discussion with the members themselves not publicly humiliate them for all of YT to see. What a douche.
Now if only the GE electorate was made up of a split GOP primary electorate and not literally an additional 100 million people not involved in the GOP primary. Zero impact. They spent over $100 million on anti Trump attack ads and it did nothing. Trump supporters are fanatical and will vote for him no matter what.
Check the White House. Looking for Marxist Looking for anyone who identifies as Marxist or who has any interest in Marx.
Because it's very hard Why don't you people just play Dota?
"[Leaves] Walk on the living, they don't even mumble. Walk on the dead, they mutter and grumble. What are they?"
But but... They sued him and somehow proved he was a work for hire and made them lose out on millions of sales and sync revenue.... How punk rock is that? Calling your band the Dead Kennedys while Jello Biafra isn't in the band is like calling your band the Rolling Stones without Mick Jagger.
"Wow, battery stats: 1 day left and already 4 hrs SoT. Must resist flashing."
Don't we all though? You wish xD
I heard they are planning to ban football balls &amp; football shoes too ! Beer and Food possibly banned in 2022 FIFA World Cup
Super fun to play against. Kephrii's Competitive Widowmaker
"""Why are we hating on the AIR client when people in Africa have no food?"" Funny thing is people bitching at ""anti-homosexual law"", absolutely ignoring much worse things, like dozens of missing/killed journalists every year."
That is great advice! Have sex with her
"#KDA I'm curious, how do we actually compare players that play in different regions? Stats? Pro analysis?"
"But we don't want them: they have scary names! It's one thing to be wary of very experimental ideas. And indeed the place for those is academia. It's another to refuse to learn tried and tested concepts, that have been proven to be very useful in practice."
"Supporting Russia invading Ukraine is stupid, but the whole invasion of Afghanistan/Iraq was totally justifiable. This is america. Where everyone has the freedom of speech and the right to stupidity."
"Exactly, so shouldn't we update the 4th ammendment now that we have so much technology that bad people are using to coordinate attacks? It's a document from 1791, man. Step into the future already. Nation states, armies, war, it all works differently now."
Tried out the Oculus yesterday and ended up having to wait for months to get my order. Tried out a vive yesterday and ended up coming home with this.
No pliz ban scammer Prime scaming target right here folks!
"I mean, what do you expect when *his mom was recording* Wow, that was just terrible."
Yay for being a default sub! Srs? Not only are you saying taking pictures of OP nude without permission is no big deal but that it's also her fault? Get out of here!
"but then you would have to add ""_&amp;_sausagerolls"" to your username I'd smash the guts out of one of these for smoko every friday if I could."
But but xbox has the cloud to make it the best gaming system Next gen Consoles cant keep 30fps At 900P in assasains Creed Syndicate.
"And make those with cushy easy lives feel like shit because they had so many more advantages and still fell short... I have a friend who married a man who grew up in the foster care system. I must say that he took very challenging circumstances and truly created a wonderful life for him and his family. In Michigan, some higher education is covered for children in foster care and he took full advantage of this by getting an associate's and later a bachelor's degree in business. He now is a successful real estate broker and caring husband and dad to three great kids who are very well provided for. I have a lot of respect for this family because of the hardships they have been through, but this person is a great example of the fact that sometimes the strongest people go through the toughest trials and can emerge victorious!"
What's wrong with just going to your local Tim Horton's? Canadians suffering for lack of public washrooms: expert
Yes... smoking a bong would make me so much more sophisticated... A simple solution for a simple person.
Gaga for Senate! Lady Gaga (yeah that Lady Gaga) gives a surprisingly good speech that most politicians would be jealous of on DADT
"That I loved how the map lasted such a long time, enough to finish projects and your base. I don't undersand what you are saying?"
"CNET but, uh, where do you go to download the client?"
Kurt Cobain. What's the most obviously non-suicide death that was declared a suicide you have ever heard?
do you mean narednra modi app? Mark Zukerberg's current Whatsapp status Hey there! I am using Narendra Modi
"high school, though, that's acceptable. I was told I had their permission to punish their child if they were not getting 100's on everything. This was in an elementary school."
Its only okay if it's Bernie Sanders Watch Out Centipedes! Reddit SJWs Can't Handle Our High Energy - SAD!
"Earth rotation is a patriarchal conspiracy, shitlords. I invoke Poe's Law"
"But they weren't immediately entirely destroyed by the glorious Royal Navy unlike the Russian, French and Italian navies, so they must have been amazing. Mostly avoid overestimating the capabilities of the Kriegsmarine in WW2. It was fairly small and of somewhat average per-ship performance, with an unusually large submarine fleet, but the Bismark was not an especially potent battleship, and the Graf Zeppelin would have been a very mediocre aircraft carrier."
"well men aren't really people as such.. they're utilities... There was that article that a ""rape activist"" wrote when she was told no. She went full on ballistic in the article, called him names, disparaged his manhood and everything. She published this to the public, completely confident in the fact that he was in the wrong and she was in the right. Women are not taught how to handle no. Only their no means no, our no's don't count."
"""UofgAy"" ... very clever Our acceptance rate is around 76%. UofgAy has about 74%. NAU is like 80%. We're not alone. It's a business plan. We take in every out of state dumb ass and california/new york dumb bitch, they come to ASU just to party and fuck around, then after flunking everything, they leave. We take their money and then kick them out. Don't understand why people get upset about it. We have some of the lowest tuition in the nation, and I think this is a big part of it."
You mean the superbowl Manchester United have defeated Crystal Palace 2-1 to win the 2016 FA CUP
Voor 1000 euro ben ik misschien wel bereid op de VVD te stemmen Op welke partij ga jij stemmen op 15 maart en waarom ?
"and why they overreact, right? Women also have thinner skin than men, which is why their hands are colder."
"Because some people have never had Krystal? What the hell is wrong with you people? The burgers don't even compare. Two totally different styles. It's a matter of preference. If you like mediocre burgers, then you have In-n-Out. If you enjoy fantastic tasting burger, then you have Whataburger. Why is this always a competition?"
Quit DDOSing people Free Iron Banner Rewards!
"What better way to evaluate player other than a 3 minute span on a back to back game in summer league? Nance's stats through three minutes: One turnover, one foul, one missed free throw, one completely botched dunk, and one airballed wide open jump shot"
"Yeah dude, I hate golden eagles Better than the Gold Wagers. I could use a nice chunk of SL."
"Can we be friends? Wait are you saying that's not normal? Because I do do that, I just never got offered money for it."
"Remember guys, police don't need heavy weaponry, but every citizen should have an ar-15 with armor piercing bullets, right? Image macros like this and the sentiments they express undermine any legitimate discussion of the (very real) problem of police militarization and abuse in the United States. Systemic injustice is something that needs to be discussed in a context other than ""hurr durr FASCISM durr""."
he did it because he hates the troops Exactly. Obama didn't cancel it just for the hell of it.
"After seeing the same behavior from Guardian and JDM and people start to agree on the fact that it's something with the demos, what if they just all use the same cheats? Thorin on Twitter (""It's just a bug"" Then recreate more examples of that bug for us. Words mean very little in this case.)"
"The human body isn't a machine! They confuse CICO with satiety and overall health of the food. No one would dispute that 100 calories of cake is metabolised differently than 100 calories of broccoli or chicken, or that it is unhealthier and less filling. However, they forget (or conveniently ignore) that they are the same from a thermodynamic point of view."
Something tells me you have no hidden agenda beyond your comment. Something tells me a dog lover made this graphic.
"TIL laptop is not a PC. Finally, after eight years of laptops I've finally ascended! (My First PC!)"
"That's what happens when you take the year off, man. Murray took pay cut in next 2 yrs ($15M to $12.25M). Was slated to earn $7M in '16 and $8M in '17 with Eagles. Same amount fully guar: $9M."
"From what I've read on here, you actually voted leave because you're a narrow minded, nationalistic bigot. All very reasonable points. Both sides had good arguments. It was a tough choice but I voted Leave. I can see why many people voted Remain."
Do you worship the great leader Kim Jong Un too? I'm Korean. I think I fit in to two Korean stereotypes. 1. Materialistic. I always try to buy brand name items. 2. Koreans are angry. I have a pretty angry personality and I hate people.
"Annnnnnd you just jinxed us! 0-5 teams actually have a winning record against 2-3 teams, getting 11 wins against 10 losses"
iBrick 5 Bricked means the device is as useful as a brick.... If it's still working it's not bricked.
"Chess is such a noob game though... there's no micro, or eco management, and you're capped at 16 pop Chess. It's turn based and the meta hasn't evolved in quite a bit, but it's fun."
"Hope lobying will be recognized as corruption by then Once this starts becoming a thing in 5 years, don't be surprised when big ag and their bought congressmen try to kill it."
"Upgrading to TH11 must take an eternity. Yeah I'm serious. TH10 is a blood-bath. And if you think upgrades are long as a th6, wait till your teslas take two weeks to upgrade. Or your x-bows. Or your town-hall."
"Because all it takes to over throw a government is money. Dear Americans, please stop funding government overthrows and provoking wars in foreign countries. Firstly, that's so 1900's. And secondly, this shit doesn't protect America."
"The Bank of Mom seems to always be in business 100 years from now was 1916, so probably what banks were protected in the stock market crash of 1929"
You can't possibly be a sysadmin they all carry Glocks. 37 / M / SysAdmin
"Only the civil liberties I care about are important! I find it disheartening that the same people who decry our government's overreaction to terrorism, often citing the 9/11 death toll, find it OK to overreact similarly to mass shootings like Sandy Hook."
"Decomp cases are fun Decomposition. Remember, eventually this IS what you'll look like. So don't sweat the small stuff like your hair or clothes."
"Yah, but this is, like, *natural* sugar, so, yah.... The evils of sugar and yet juice is full of sugar..."
All castles have corridors. Do explain where you get that idea from the image shown.
She looks very happy indeed Girls boobs exposed by friend (gif)
"""Putting those lazy welfare babies to work!"" It won't be sold as ""Bring back child labor!"". They be told that they're ""learning a valuable life skill""."
Support suicide is skyrocketing because of the ammo request abuse. Yet another oblivious support...who somehow delivers...sort of.
"DAMNIT! Malawi bans child marriage, lifts minimum age to 18"
"That will cost to much money I'm sure I'm oversimplifying, but can't you just put a chip in the ball, have a booth official be responsible for determining exactly when the player is down, and then get the GPS data for that point in time to spot the ball?"
Because he bots How are you doing 89mil damage on reboot??
Lets hope its I enjoy this method of thinking. I am a most pure gentlesir who is waiting for his fair maiden.
Chibi still had the best run by far tho Paper Mario: The Thousand-Year Door in 5:02:17 by Almolicious
"You liar, women never rape and women can never be rapists. (Both of us living in a college residence) Her: ""I switched roommates because my previous roommate was a lesbian and I was afraid she'd try to rape me."" She was 100% serious"
Dont worry; Im sure we can just vote against them with our wallets. BP: Sorry can't hear you under these piles of cash
"Right, because walls at 3,000,000 a piece are necessary and extremely important Why wouldn't you do them when loot is easier to get? Loot penalty is a real pain at th10. He could do walls and heroes to save time later."
I'm so happy that's what we are now known for. classic murican Obesity
"Yeah but he's really lost the minority vote Northwest Iowa is insanely conservative, and Iowa Democrats have not put up a lot of promising challengers. Expect to see Steve King for awhile"
"Oh, maiming most players' games to counteract a minority, that's great thinking! Shadow Raid was severely nerfed as a stopgap to prevent ECM rushes until they properly fix the heist."
OP is such a dumb little shitlord. sweetie :) check ur privlege!!!! 1 scroll down u lil snowflake!! kek!!!! :)))
Good thing they put the 2 shortest people in the front row right in front of the chalkboard that is on the ground. Classroom in a refugee camp
"""Tunnel logic"" is great, isnt it? Going by that logic sniper is the best hero in the game."
"The US Steel ballpark in Gary IN has done wonders Are there other downtowns successfully anchored by minor league ball teams? I would love to see downtown Richmond developed (responsibly and with sensitivity to our shared history). I'm not opposed to a ball field, but I'm just not sure it's going to be a great fit for downtown. Are there other successful downtowns anchored by minor league ball fields?"
"It's almost like they're internationally releasing a gaming console or something! First Tokyo Game Show is confirmed and now Gamescom as well? What are you up to, Microsoft?!"
"The NBA has a racism problem! Bingo. It blows my mind that people constantly complain about lack of representation at the top, instead of focusing on wherever the ""Weeding out"" point it."
"But 'AR' means 'Assault Rifle'! I'm not sure what an ""assault rifle"" is in the first place. There's no clear definition, seemingly, outside of some of the least important aspects, like cosmetics. I even hear people refer to the AR in AR-15 as ""assault rifle,"" which is ignorance."
"I'm sorry, I forgot to add a Quit this ""the one"" bullshit. There's no ""the one"", there are 7 billion people on the planet, you think there's only one ""the one""? There are hundreds of thousands of people on this earth you would be perfectly happy with."
"I mean, shouldn't you all be in a zoo or something? That is when I actually started to feel a bit weirded out. Like he was super curious if I had a car and what I did for work because I self-identified as an introvert. As if introverts would, by definition, not have cars or regular jobs."
"ignorance of the law is no excuse. TIL The only way anyone can read the 315 page Patriot Act is to have the entire current 27,000+ page U.S. Criminal Code handy because it reads like an insurance policy revision where you need to revert back to your original policy for each line item change. Start Video at 21:05"
"Feeling so good about that 2nd round pick. I had to look this up, but.... Jesus, you aren't even kidding."
"Sorry, I dropped one of these. I made it up. Yesterday's hijinx got me all excited."
Yeah only murica has used hunting dogs. 'gun shy pup' that term just exists in 'murica I suppose.
"All this water in our processed foods is the cause for the rapid rise of over-hydration diagnoses in this country! The #3-5 ingredients on my ice cream are sugar water, sugar, and water."
"Because she obviously listens to doctor's advice. I have a friend who is the queen of fatlogic, every month or so she claims she has a different condishun and she can't lose weight, no matter what, blah blah blah. She threw that little gem at me a few months back, while chunking down a caramel macchiato to wash down a Mars bar. I told her she needs to sleep without her skin in order to even out the damage she just did to herself. She said I'm not a doctor so my opinion doesn't count. Hehehe..."
But a sport returning to the Olympics after a 112 year hiatus isn't big in a historical way at all. I think they mean it its big in a historical context.
Maybe its because hes playing the starters too much 5 fucking bench points. And people are going to start talking about how Thibs plays our starters too much. Fuck basketball.
"Yep, we all have Android M! We already have Google Now. This is to bring iFanbois to the One True Way ^^^^^PRAISE ^^^^^DUARTE"
"What an articulate and level headed answer, by someone who has clearly read, assimilated and critically thought about the points laid out in front of him. damn, so the key to win vs KTH/PantherII spam is to use t34 and M18, cap and escape...BRB victory spree here i come!"
"Yah he hates his daughter ! Good Trump, sticking up for Israel. Maybe he's not so anti-semitic after all."
"Yeah... Great idea... Lets just send them to Syria or whenever where they can murder anyone without hurting any Europeans... There... problem solved! And another attack. They can't stay in a secular country. They have to be found the deported otherwise these attacks will continue and get worse, even."
"Yay, then we can have the world of both worlds! I think this will allow systemd to work on other operating systems."
Sounds like something someone without class would say. A thread full of assholes trying to out class each other. Nice.
You dropped this Looks like the Guild update was a success!
"Fuck the morals, right? Can't blame the guy for trying his hand in the spotlight. Conor gave him a great opportunity and he's trying to make the most of it. In the end if he gains a following and makes some money is it really that bad? I'm sure he's a fine dude. The moralist high ground position so many people take is getting tiresome."
Is there a way to check if that hot chick in accounting's details were leaked? So is there a way of checking if my details were leaked?
"Don't you know all we need is more prisons. I don't know that Trump has ever shown to support this idea, but even if he did, the establishment Republicans would never let him do it. Sessions is a ""law and order"" guy, so he will presumably get ""tougher"" on crime. The US has 4% of the world's population, yet our prisoners represent 22% of all imprisoned people *in the world*, but somehow there aren't enough people in jail in this country?"
"I'd be more relieved than anything Don't worry, there is bubble gum in canada"
"Hurt durr, but if Hell *froze* over, then how can you claim global *warming*? Hell DID truly freeze over. WHAT THE HELL IS HAPPENING"
"Well... Weren't most of them? Yes and, at the end, about who had the biggest cock."
haha yea i forgot my I'm dying lmfaooooo But I'm living and working in Manhattan so definitely don't need a car
"Wait for 2080ti DONOT upgrade now! Upgrade to 1080 or wait for 1080 Ti for 1440p/144hz Hello PCMR Community, Since release of Pascal I've been thinking about an upgrade to a GTX 1080. But I have seen more and more posts about others waiting for the release of the GTX 1080 Ti. Many people claim that the GTX 1080 will not be able to hit 144hz@1440p for very long. I just want to hear your opinion on this topic. Sidenote: I am currently gaming on a GTX 760, so anything will be a HUGE upgrade. Thank you for reading this post and for contributing"
"But they have tvs and refrigerators, so they're not THAT poor! The bottom 1% of Americans live at or below the national poverty lines of such countries as Ghana, Congo, and Mongolia."
Reaper totally fits the stereotype of Hispanic dual pistol shotgun wielding death mask teleporting ex blackwatch agent with no distinguishable accent I mean most of their characters are tokens anyway. I laughed when they actually got away with Sombra having literally the most defining sterotypes of a Latina from the Bronx. Fucking GLUE ON TECHNOLOGY FINGER NAILS.
"I have been known to hiss and cower in the presence of bibles and crosses. My roommates think that an atheist is someone who worships the devil, and to protect yourself from them, you need salt, a cross and a bible. They were talking about me, while I had earphones on, I guess they did not know I could hear them. They were not joking though, they said it with all seriousness. They also think that it is the reason I love horror movies, no I just love them. Is it wrong that I have lost all respect for them, now all I feel is pity for them."
BREAKING NEWS Who could FAZE pickup?
"I'd rather just us Arma3sync, A3 Launcher, WS Launcher, Breaking Point launcher and steam workshop... Despite some of the more off-putting the limitations being removed from Steam Workshop, It just isn't a platform I personally feel is reliable or worthwhile. I like Steam, I use it everyday. I think it's great for Garry's Mod or CS:GO, but not for games like ArmA, Fallout, and Skyrim. The mods used are just way too complex and varied IMO to be usable via the Steam Workshop. Maybe in the near future, things will improve and I'll feel differently, but I just ain't feelin it right now. Plus, I'd bet on Armaholic over Steam any day."
"but the buildings need to look sexy as you drive by them. Geezus christ its like Hamilton wants to have an abandoned crack-den downtown core. A good part of the area is abandoned, they have a giant block of the Connought they have allowed to sit there and rot, but the amount of GLASS on a successful business is important? Get the business, then become picky."
"I like his name, Instablock. I interviewed this kid for a job, I thought he was following up on the status of the interview. Nope."
"He said in his comment, it was Booker T! Source???"
"No worries, they put it in neutral. Pulling a awd car without a proper trailer... Hmmm"
"You forgot the The brunt of those taxes are going to be put on the people who can afford it; the billionaires, the corporations, the banks and the Wall Street speculators. The poor and middle class will be just fine."
They're just jealous Australia's 'hardline' immigration policies make headlines in Europe
"Right, exactly, you have to trade your women for land and/or goats as currency otherwise it's all non-kosher. God's pretty chill with having sex (be fruitful and multiply) he's just not so chill with pre-marital sex."
Because commie pinko atheist faggots are ruining my 'Murica! Why do you hate communism?
"Imagine it was russia not Saudi... bill would pass 6 years ago on the first day 1000-1 It's pretty funny because the Obama veto pretty much was saving the politicians from themselves. Once this veto succeeds the flood gates will open on corporate officers, the Bush administration and many others to be sued in retaliation"
"Its better that you lose and the troll wins Why does queue dodging still give a loss if in promos? My computer just shutoff randomly during champ select due to overheating and I''m now 1-1 instead of 1-0, but even if I chose to dodge myself why should I suffer a loss if someone for example trolls in champ select"
This subreddit needs more quality posts like this. How to pronounce Woodysgamertag
"Riiiiight, cuz people can definitely control what scares them.... Especially when it's to the point where they have anxiety attacks about it Maybe don't get yourself to the point where a silly joke like that will actually scare you over and over again? I mean, yes, it would be nice if he stopped, but are you seriously that scared due to him mentioning a name that you know doesn't exist? I think a 10 year old would be able to eventually stop being scared over something like that"
"Well I'm glad someone is going to step up and be the arbiter of normalcy, since classifications aren't arbitrary at all. You're a man or a woman. There are two sexes. Sex and gender are synonymous. Anything else is abnormal."
"But he's just trying to help! Nobody needs someone hounding them about their *well-being*. That's what he's doing, and it's just rude."
It's probably because Jews run the media and they don't like the Aryan look. I feel like they just don't like blonde super heroes or something... Arthur Curry in the movies isn't blonde either.
"Makes the rocket go faster That doesn't work, right?"
"Whaaat a conservative being investigated by the election commissioner, no that never happens.... Parm Gill, Conservative Candidate, Investigated By Elections Commissioner"
"where's the ""add to basket button"" Craigslist for very rich people"
"Pistons are totally suppose to be in pieces. Her Mini Cooper ""just stopped running"""
Maybe if we ban the supply of cups people won't drink themselves to death too... Perth Cloud 9 store owner pleads guilty to importing thousands of glass meth pipes
You forgot BBM! This picture describes r/teenagers
"I'm sure she did it in self defense. Jezebel Writes Story About Woman Who May Receive Life in Prison for Cutting Off Husband's Penis with 10 inch Blade. The article itself is actually fine, it's the comments that are so terrible. They care very little about the man, and say that the woman who allegedly committed torture and aggravated mayhem ""needs help"". She also claimed that he ""deserved it"" whilst being arrested. The man could not have his penis reattached. Luckily his name was not included in the article."
"Because ""drugs and drugs"" sounds silly, duh. We always say ""drugs and alcohol"" as if alcohol isn't a drug. Why don't we just say ""drugs?"""
"Omg your so funny. For the Jags, picks that late are their stars."
BUT TRUMP IS MORE PRO-LGBT THAN THE LIBERALS Trump to Address Hundreds of Evangelical Leaders at Event Linked to Anti-Gay Hate Group
Yeah and it was against the Pacers... I wonder how he'd do against a team that plays defense. On 60% FG and 57% from 3.
yeah but the fix was to make it so you can't drive vehicles Fixed an exploit where players could drive vehicles through metal gates OMG IS THIS REAL?!!
You missed a Also because Bernie is totally unelectable. The American voters will never elect an atheist/avowed communist to the White House.
"here, you dropped this: What equality? The girls got it. Don't say otherwise or that's sexist!"
"*Really*? The new Macbook comes with a rick roll detector dongle, and the super expensive one shows you when you'll be rick rolled in the touch bar."
"I agree, why should the people fighting for equality have to deal with equality. No *That's* some cringe right there."
What could go wrong They are testing this new method and if it goes well and works they will put it into use officially and legally to use to catch people who recently consumed So yeah let's totally volunteer to help them out with their test that they are going to use to arrest us in the future
Stock photos of babies are a huge turnon. Decided to check my Other Messages folder on FB. Lmao!
"Yea, but he needed to do that to get all the drugs off the street! Republican Myth Busted: Reagan Raised the Debt Ceiling 3 Times More than Obama"
Freeing slaves is definitely the work of a hate group This. Clearly the Republican party is now a bunch of brainwashed cult followers. If you look up the actions that Scientology uses to destroy their enemies and indoctrinate their people it is almost exactly the same as the Republican party. Clearly the Republicans are now just an extremest party. I know they think ISIS is the enemy but if they had any kind of self awareness they would realize they are just another extremist hate group.
But diva I'm going to go with Owens because I don't like being murdered.
"Sweet...wonder if they give away the leftover sterilizer. You can char the uncharred bits with a propane torch. And as for ""filth"", high proof alcohol is a sterilizing agent. You simply cannot infect 62% ABV alcohol. Nothing will live in that medium. Do you know what major whiskey distillers use to sterilize their bottles before bottling? Whiskey."
"nah man if you killed kumar in 1 attack it's a -30% debuff because it can be ressed. it's not -30% HP debuff, it's 30% of the damage Beth dealt with her 3rd skill"
because shay-god deems us plebeians not ready for awesome M60 belts. Why isn't this on the M60? ):
"But the ""Plastics"" need to integrate! ""Herp derp. The plastics side of the house just isn't fun. Derp."""
"Lol right, fuck them! oh sorry - the Inuit fck, forgot about them. For a second i thought you were talking about a 24/7 , 365 day. Multi hundred million tonnage port - like a real one. But yes, the inuit - lets invest hundreds of millions in infrastructure and maintenance to service them."
"Good, they'll probably immediately go vegan after that. I'm sending this to all of my meat head family members who always argue with me that I need animal protein to be healthy!"
"Wow, thanks, I didn't know that Pretty sure you're thinking of Phil Lamarr."
"Like not listen to her, fart and burp, and be generally obnoxious? Do everything the same as when you were together."
"""Never message me again"" Huh, better message her instantly! This guy."
"You're right, come to think of it I've never actually seen a girl outside of a bar or a campus. Guys: Where do you meet girls if you don't drink and you're not going to school? Inb4 interest clubs. The ones I've been in are filled with old people. Alcohol is expensive and I don't like being drunk. Cold approaching can backfire. I've had bad luck dating online, girls flake a lot."
I don't know...cow farts are pretty great You're doing way more than just saving money. Saving lives and saving the planet. :)
"li li 100% pick &amp; ban Predictions for upcoming qualifiers Hi Reddit, In a few days the next qualifiers for the springcup will start in EU and NA. They are going to play with the new the new patch and I think Li Ming is allowed (can't find a good source, anyone can help me with that?). What are your predictions about those games? Will we see a new meta? What heroes are going to be the new heroes (padum tss) of the qualifier? What heroes are going to disappear from the meta? And last but not least, who is going to win the qualifiers?"
"yeah we elected trump.....hell call them for what they are. Hey, has anyone done anything yet about that whole Radical Christian Terrorist problem we have?"
"THERE WERE NONE - except Jon knocked Suzy and Dan out. What were your biggest problems with Jon Era Game Grumps? This sub's had a couple of recent posts criticizing Jon Grumps, probably as a reminder that it wasn't the gold standard we constantly compare Dan Grumps to. So, I was wondering, what problems did you have with it?"
Is that anything like the Super Bowl? It was a hyperbole
"woah woah woah spoilers man It was destroyed when he was expelled from Hogwarts as a boy, wrongfully punished for accidentally unleashing Slytherin's Monster (in fact he didn't do this at all and it was Tom Riddle, who did it deliberately, and framed him)"
"Yeah because Whis will get punished if he does it. I don't think Whis would do it again very often. Didn't they say in the RoF that it was sort of ""illegal""?"
So you're the one who randomly pops a bubble on the middle platform causing me to kill myself with a rocket? 17k with weapons of light.
"The DH-17 whine posts never get old PSA to all those who will be playing Bespin On behalf of the majority of the subreddit, please do not cheese with Explosive Shot and or DH-17. Especially bacta + explosive + berserker. Explosive shot spam is pretty much what ruined the Outer Rim for me, and probably a lot of others, so just please don't be that guy everyone teabgs when they kill you."
You can't say that because that means you want the team to lose and are just a bad fan This team needs a complete overhaul. There is no good to take out of this loss so stfu sprinkle fans
I like the amount of variety on this sub that gets to the front page. Emma Stone - black leather
"Hey you stole that comment from youtube, nice try that kassadin is almost as bad as tsm"
"It's standard ""common law"", duh! No, but you see, the government isn't a *legitimate* entity, therefore all contracts are null!"
"Yes, conspiracy theorists are the real threat to the government Once again, our rights being siphoned by government under the guise of national security. it is becoming clear that they view dissenting Americans as a real enemy, to be feared, quelled, and controlled."
"I believe you were looking for this at the end of your sentence: Yeah, when will people stop perpetuating the holocaust myth?"
"No, they would never do that again like the last time we cracked the top 10, would they? Ya the 2006 World Cup wasn't a good showing for CONCACAF and would be great to replace with a solid 2018 performance. Also, and maybe more importantly, someone needs to beat CONMEBOL. They're high score brings everyone else down. Watch FIFA change the forumla as soon as it starts to slip in our favor..."
"I'm a pedophillic bisexual wolf dragon and youre opressing me Check your privilege HOMO PEDOS! I REPEAT, HOMO PEDOS!"
"Same with those ocean cruises, the captain get fed up with life and just drifts right into an iceberg. Looks cool until the pilot decides his life is shit and nosedives into a mountain...."
"Yeah and if Lebron played, he would be the best player to grace the game no question about it. To be fair he'd be even better if he was big and black"
"I'm sure this is what ""rule of law"" was supposed to mean. Why The NSA And President Bush Got The FISA Court To Reinterpret The Law In Order To Collect Tons Of Data ""Basically, when data collection runs up against the limits of the law, the FISA court steps in with a secret reinterpretation of the law to let intelligence officials do what they want."""
Certainly not a rinky dinky socialist from Vermont. But who could have foresight to see an abuse of power such as this?
"Because after all, government officials aren't private citizens. personal consequences are only for private citizens, not government officials"
I think you missed this at the end of my post ESPECIALLY if its the opinion you agree with.
Those children were obviously working for hamas and were hiding bombs in the playground Children killed in Gaza playground shelling
classic jew steel: where are my royalties lol
"Thoughts and opinions that go against the narrative are obviously the true threat to the West. Meanwhile, the Cologne rapists go free."
"BUT I HEARD DISNEY IS AN EVIL OVERLORD THAT DEMANDED KORRIBAN BE RENAMED! I've heard nothing about Disney not liking TCW or wanting something more ""kid friendly"", it was the fact that they couldn't get the rights off Cartoon Network, and you can't really have a show you fund on a competitors channel"
"It's because she was upset... I mean, you know how it is... you shouldn't prosecute someone if it upsets them. Wait wait wait wait wait. This has to be a lie. Feminists say that society hates women and does everything to keep them down. So how can this possibly be true? It sounds almost as if she's the privileged one here!"
"Recent floods? Moved to LA. This is my backyard, now."
but yeah please But yeah. No.
"It's absolutely disgusting that this guy isn't being allowed into the country to tell others how they should think - I thought we were all about free speech! Geert Wilders' visa delay 'an assault on freedom of speech', says new anti-Islam party Australian Liberty Alliance"
"PS: Then why don't you fund it yourself, instead of expecting the rest of us to pay for your entertainment? I don't recommend this often, but why don't you go to a fucking movie tonight or something? Why does your entertainment have to come at the cost of my access to healthcare and other social infrastructure?"
Judging by the Wynne AMA it's not a big deal. Even in Quebec you can buy a 24 for $19.99 We're getting roayaly fucked here in Ontario.
"No, because gay is a choice. This made my day"
"My name is Thayer Evans... please contact me, I'd like to have a friendly chat. I can't stand OSU but as an OU fan these pieces are pretty weak. Yes there are some changes that need to be made. I was in the athletic program at OU and before Joe Castiglione got there some of these same types of behaviors existed but from when he got to the Athletic department all of that stuff changed from the compliance department to the tutors actually tutoring and not doing other players work. I later went to work at the athletic department and had oversight over many of these types of things and it was strictly regulated. My anecdote point being, these things can be changed and I believe for the most part they have under Mike Holder and Mike Gundy. They run the program the right way and they truly care about their university, I think that much is evident. What bothers me about this article is how weak it is. I was expecting something like admin assistants changing grades and what not, but not a tutor completing a paper, or a professor being lenient. I'm sure every student in college has a story about a professor being lenient somewhere and forgiving your transgressions and mistakes. There will always be bad eggs around a football program, it's just the nature of the beast however a true measure of a university and said program is how you deal with the miscreants and the cancers to your football team. From what I can tell, Gundy and Holder do that admirably."
Wow thanks it's almost as if there weren't hundreds of grimoire cards to check The ghost card.
"fuckin Jews, always telling us what to do. ""Did you hear that guys? That Jew said it's alright"""
"But I thought National was a business minded party that would run our SOE's really well? Solid Energy carrying debt of $389 million and about to show further losses, in talks with banks"
"But we're totally the selfish ones... Why plan on a 2nd child when you're complaining about the cost of one? So there was an article in Toronto posted about the cost of daycare and it being so high, and my buddy's wife was saying today how expensive it is for her son who will be starting daycare in March. Her exact words were ""we can hardly afford daycare now, it'll be tough when we have a 2nd kid"". I simply asked ""why are you planning on having a second kid now if you're admitting you can't afford daycare for 1?"" and her response is ""because I always wanted 3 kids."""
"i think blues is played out cause so many people play it Guess people aren't allowed to have an opinion on shit. I said this guy is a great guitarist, but I think this tap shit is played out. There's a million people doing it, and it just doesn't sound good. It's like masturbating when being in a band is fucking. Harmony is a powerful thing."
I live there and I would love to know the location of these cultural needs! You can go to Little Canada for all your cultural needs
Because of economic anxiety. Why is casual racism acceptable in 2016?
"Because stereotypes are good and awesome and always totally accurate, right? Date fat girls, because skinny girls are boring, vapid, stupid, humorless, and complain too much."
"But black people can't be racist right? Black man harasses Indian shop-owner for not having black workers. ""I hate these motherfucking Indian motherfuckers."""
"but did you take the anabolic window into account in your calculations brah Come on, just think about it. It's not like monday and thursday are gainsdays"
*libelgate Slandergate
"Ah yes, that's Bodhidharma's Razor: ""Assume your enemy is a psychopath, just in case."" Great message, but it assumes your enemy has capacity for empathy and remorse. Unfortunately, psychopaths exist."
"Yeah, fuck those roles, who wants them anyways? so they don't feel rewarding because you aren't carrying? stop playing support/tank tops and start carrying then."
"No, I lost count after three shots. Is anyone keeping tally on how many times they mention Proc to the World?"
"Seems fair and balanced to me. Glenn Beck does profile on Assange. Calls Assange's rape charges a setup, then calls him dangerous, a scumbag. Then ends the segment by calling him ""Man of the Millennium"" WTF!"
"Yes, because the WWE was so SHIT when it was PG throughout the entire 80's and early 90's! That's actually not false..."
Just rollback to Windows 9 Windows 10 steam crash Since the last update I've been crashing in game. The error is for steambootloader and then my cs will crash after. Has anyone else come across this using windows 10?
"pussy Even now, people in this sub talk badly of Stoner for missing this races in 2009."
"Well, at least Josh Duggar isn't gay because that would be unforgiveable! Huckabee stands by Duggar family: ""Good people make mistakes...their Christian witness is not marred in our eyes"""
jesse can argue that hes Buddhist and its a religous symbol. well i guess they silenced it more because of the screamer and ofc because swastika
"Why bother, the eye can't see more than 24 FPS anyway. Better be at 60 FPS too."
"Physicists disagree about the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics, therefore physics is no more rigorous than poetry and anyone who tries to get at 'objective' 'reality' is just putting on airs. Most of economics is subjective and economists rarely agree on anything."
"4k gold that builds out of cheap components sure is late game It's a late game item. At that point, I don't even care."
Don't hate the cheater hate the cheat Dont hate the playa hate the game
"adrian shared some of his hgh think about how skinny he was last season, this is gotta be like 20lbs, its kinda incredible what he was able to do in 3 months."
Because its Sunday and nobody works on Sundays.... Why is this not NSFW
... do I need to add You call a 161 kill game farmfest?
The hot tub kills the germs. Any safer sex methods used?
Don't forget Rudy! Acy and Jose are like every Raptors fans favorite ex player!
"Totally Oh, so its just one person with 70 alt accounts?"
"Yeah, but hey, who needs democrat senators anyway. So, by 'raising money for down ticket races' they meant 'taking money from down ticket races'."
So... is it more racist to kill Indians or to to call Native Americans Indians? My $20 bill
And all I need to do to cosplay Pearl is tape an egg to my forehead... Actually. There is a gem... Tattooed on my body. It wasn't in the pic I wanted one for Facebook (my grandmother disapproves of the tattoo so I can't post pics)
"What if we made one special time zone everyone used Mistake, corrected. Thanks for spotting. Basically CET is not observed right now, and replaced by CEST. We kinda use them as the same. But better be specific when we're dealing with a worldwide thing. I hate timezones..."
You are forgetting polls are literally meaningless. omg it's gonna be so amazing when Hillary just murders trump in the polls.
Do I really need These people aren't coming from Syria. They're coming from France. Last time I checked there wasn't a war in France.
But blue-eyes was the best monster Early Yugioh was the worst. It was only beaters and zero variance.
"It's okay, I built the deck *before* it was cancer. You monster!"
It was just a gift it probably means nothing Will she disavow? Nope she'll eulogize a former leader.
"Yeah, RM can't possibly afford De Gea now. I still don't think he is leaving, Madrid have to come in with a big bid and we are holding out - it is up to Madrid now."
"Oh and... maybe we should call it unranked competitive matchmaking.. WoW QQ 5v5 Casual 2:00 - 0:45 5v5 Competitive 1:45 - 0:35 I want a place for my friends to learn the game as it's meant to be played without having to try my ass off so that I don't derank when I have 2 newcomers and a silver 2 on my team. I can't teach them anything in 10v10 casuals, it's a cluster fuck of trolls. Valve made 6,000,000 from this steam sale off CS:GO, let's put some of that to 5v5 Casuals. (And 128 tick?) :)"
Doesn't have Avatar 0/10 Don't remember that song from that show you like? This website tells you every song that was in every episode of a show you've been watching.
"And they call Snowden a traitor Clinton email exposed intel from human spying, ""more than one Special Access Program was affected."""
"Usain Bolt clearly wins Speedy free for all Superman (no powers but speed), the flash, super sonic, usain bolt, quicksilver, free for all to the death and no morals."
"It's an awesome CQC weapon if you manage to get off the 360 no scopes brah. Do you need to specify ""long range""?"
"yea, it really sucks how my farmville doesn't do quests raids and gathering for me while i'm logged out also i really do miss being able to tweet my ingame selfies I've been spoiled by retail A little about me first. I started playing WoW at the tail end of vanilla and played through BC and some of WotLK (stopped playing because I moved somewhere with shit internet). I loved my time in BC/WotLK and I've been looking for a server to play but ever since I came back to WoW in MoP, I feel like I've been so spoiled by how streamlined and easy the game is now that it's very difficult for me to go back to a previous version. I really want to get into playing the old WoW but it's very difficult for me to suspend my knowledge of how the game plays now. Does anyone else feel this way? Is there any advice you can give me to help me get over this?"
"Yeah, those anti-fascists are pretty crazy The only wingnuts he's contending with are leftist UAF-style thugs and idiot journalists."
"Ahem... New Testament expert here... I need those letters... Honestly I want to slap everyone who uses terms as ""omega"" ""alpha"" and ""beta"" males in serious fashion. PS: Video journalism is pretty much the branch of journalism that pays the worst, and involves a lot off ass-kissing with companies. A LOT of ""video journalism"" is basically propaganda for the studio's."
Yes drug are always the solution PEDs
"I don't, but she does since she prayed about it Like you have some kind of say in it anyway?"
Yea it's not like they mentioned that the QSS changes would buff zed and he most likely would need balance adjustments afterward. It's like everyone BUT Riot saw this coming...
Gas them! Indira gandhi nasbandi yojna ?
"Yes, abramovich saw Chelsea as a charity case and decided he'd donated them the money, because other clubs could take care of themselves and earn their way... Right ! To be fair, it's slightly easier when you have hundreds of millions given to you as opposed to earning it."
"Pretty sure Jon could pronounce clomid. I'm assuming they said ""estrogen blockers"" and not actual drug names right? Clomid and Nolvadex?"
"Only if his girlfriend allows him to, of course. That's a thing women have to do. Eventually, you'll get your prostate checked."
"I guess Pentagons 500 mill was well spent. World Bank Study: ""Isil recruits better educated than their average countryman"""
"But he asked Russia to do something that they probably already do anyway, he's totally a traitor, cause they are going to listen to him and continue to do it. Of course, but let's hate him for real reasons based on facts and logic"
Do you not understand how each haircut is a meme in itself. Is that what that haircut means?
"No, that was a Is this a whoosh?"
"Final boss is in a 2D platforming format because that's what Nintendo fans love right? What's a ""Nintendo thing"" they could do to completely ruin Breath of the Wild? Title says it all. What baffling decision could Nintendo make that would ruin the game for you?"
A lot* me irl
"yeah, Evander Kane was a great role model for Winnipeg's youth What's with Canadian teams trading away black dudes that are pillars of the community?"
"Of course not, they're the genetically/emotionally superior race why should they have to breed with us white genetic scum. Jokes on you, they obviously didn't mean PoC would have to"
But Bama. At least they aren't 33rd.
Shoulda tagged my comment I don't think you have ever called the IRS.
"Yes, because every woman who sleeps with a lot of men is doing it to manipulate people This is why there's a big difference between a girl who's a slut and a guy who sleeps with a lot of women. People say there's a double standard but there really isn't."
"Yeah, why can't the cripples all hide inside on Halloween, like when I was a child? Halloween costumes this year!"
"Not a G502, not good enough. Finally got all my GOOD peripherals!"
thanks for the incredibly informative and helpful response. Don't do it? -RA
Yeah we should obviously go for QB to mentor for under Rivers. Lol god I hope not...
"Yeah, let's make things harder on ourselves because it's better for critical thinking I think working in fractions is better for critical thinking."
"If only the great Nonis was still gm of the leafs we could have signed this great elite Russian sniper Radulov wants 2 years, $15 million total"
You know you did well when Gandalf just stand there in disbelief The LAV saga continues in the Middle Earth
But they *killed* her birds! Yeap. Gemma has more screen time than everyone except for Jax. No one wants to see her that much and plenty of her scenes add nothing to the show.
dude you have no humor sense you are terrible not funny
"HEY GUYS I THINK JEREMY HILL JUST BECAME AVAILABLE At least we're not Bengals fans No playoff wins since 1992, they've been one and done for the past 5 years despite playing well in the regular season, and right now their getting humiliated by their hated rival on national television."
Coulda used a I'm up voting you because I'm pretty sure this is a joke
"Yea, SKT such underdog Shhhh, dont tell them. Let it be a surprise for worlds ."
"having no case mean better cooling STOP DOING THIS. AND WHEN YOU DO IT, PLEASE STOP POSTING IT. Seriously, cases are dirt cheap. Just get a used one."
"The clock should run during kickoffs Games are taking too long. Networks need to change their ad structure. Football should do advertising more like soccer. Obviously soccer games have no natural breaks except halftime, so commercials aren't an option. Soccer games usually have a sponsor (like Heineken for Champions League games) that get a big chunk of ad time before, at half, and after the game. If kickoff is scheduled for noon, start the game at 12:15 and give Ford/Budweiser/Verizon/whoever a solid 8-10 minutes of ad time before kickoff. Then, only go to commercial after touchdowns during the game. Networks could charge a premium to be the game sponsor and still get ad revenue from other companies after TDs. Could shave off 30-45 minutes per game without sacrificing money. Who has a better idea?"
"Conflict of interests don't exist because of your third person anecdote. Obama took more money from Wall street than she did, and he still passed Dodd-Frank."
But at least Gillian gets his amazing ladder set up cut scenes. One thing I don't like about dark souls 2. The lack of cut scenes and scripted events.
"Better yet, just give all those guardians a special emote for the week where they furiously masterbate while looking at their own reflection. After completing a flawless ToO you should glow gold for the rest of the week. I mean after completing the weekly Nightfall your head glows. To show your feat to fellow guardians you should glow a gold or something, optional of course because I understand you may get pestered by others after a while."
"we should get loulex since huhi speaks french, he sure is a good lee sin player Honestly I love Xmithie :) but I feel like if we picked up a Korean jungler there'd be no reason for him at all. By that I mean, not to down talk Xmithie, I think the Korean jungle would just be better overall. Besides as far I know I thought Pobelter also speaks fluent Korean as well, killing the reason to use Huhi :(. Correct me if I'm wrong :o"
Jimi Hendrix Who's your favorite underrated guitarist?
"Toxic, anti-fun, fuck off Strategic diversity intensifies"
But karma is so important! He's a god-awful reposter who should be burned at the stake. Or at least that's what I heard.
"Pretty sure Skype is what the pros use. Mumble is for le epic casuals lol epic teamspeak master race. Do you even post dank memes, bro? Didn't think so"
"So in recent years we've had great campaigns in Wolfenstein and Doom, does that mean we might get a great Duke Nukem in 2 or 3 years? I will now gush about DOOM's campaign for about 20 minutes"
"Ew, he watches porn Asian pro player search history"
I think you forgot your There's a university in Denton??
You forgot the You want to run the numbers instead of cherry-picking issues and making emotional appeals?
"Soldiers use water therefore our police should not drink water. You're right, strictly speaking. But for a group designated for civilian protection and crime reduction, they appear far too soldier-like. They're trained to use the weapons of soldiers (M4s, APCs) and the tactics of soldiers (breaching and clearing buildings in raids late at night) and use other equipment that soldiers have (kevlar, SAPI plates, NVGs, etc), in the context of the ""drug war"" and the ""war on terror""."
Shouldn't all Muslims be giving milk by now? 10/10 Logic
"Don't you know, America is lazy and the only way to bring back the middle class is to increase work hours. The OP Already mentioned slavery. Boom. Seriously though when can robots just do all the work and instead of making work mandatory for people to have good lives we just allow robots to produce most of what we need while the rest of us roll back our working hours and enjoy life more?"
Yeah because BLM is LITERALLY inverted KKK I wonder if you did the reverse and had a video of a white guy befriending black lives matters activists causing them to abandon their hateful group.
"Totally a sign that they need to repent. Update: both my wife and 11 year old daughter (who also attended) ended up having nightmares last night. Lol. Tsunami disaster for one, falling off a cliff for the other."
"Nah, that's just silly, clearly it's made from a ground up 13 year old. The weirwood paste is made from weirwoods."
Obviously she doesn't fur the way you want her too.. duh. You do that? Just walk around in a pink fursuit like that? Dafuq is wrong with you
"Too difficult, better release Lazrgatr Daycare pokes What level do you think Brian and Hooter Bro #1 are right now? They were level 18 and 13 respectively and they gain 1 exp for every step. If we got them back and deposited Oxxy and Weezzus/Abed would it end the great LazerG8r debate?"
"Those are ""family"" possessions! Yeah... she probably just has boxes of his clothes and books and stuff... Nothing useful like his Blu-ray Player and his 52"" HDTV. After all she can still enjoy those things herself."
"Of course, there was an error before, how silly of me to think there might be more. vhost is not the problem..."
"Thanks Buzzfeed. This musician starts looping random syllables in the middle of a performance, then you realize it's not so random"
"The MUTSUB Feggertz What is your guys favorite NFL team? Just bored and was just wondering; apologize that this isn't relate to MUT though but, obviously, my favorite team is the Eagles."
"you thin people and your thin privileges They are bullshit, just another way to add some revenue. Particularly when you consider someone who weighs over 150kg gets the same allowance as someone who weighs 50kg. No. Start taxing the weight of passengers, might help to encourage people to drop a few."
"No, you need to assert dominance She would be fine with that. I just like seeing her happy. That's the whole point right?"
... with assholes. We're rich you guys!
also Ruby is a guy Pearl is not lesbian!
"Duh because fruits are good and vegetables aren't! One possible reason - it is beneficial to the plant for the fruit to be eaten so the seeds get spread around, and so fruits evolved to have lots of sugar or other desirable nutrients as bribery. On the other hand, vegetables are other parts of the plant, often ones that are important to the continued existence of the plant, and a lot of them evolved to have various nasty chemicals in them to say ""fuck off and stop eating me, I'm trying to grow here"", so they don't taste as good. One of the jobs of the liver is to shred nasty chemicals so we can eat them anyway. Domesticated vegetables may have less of this effect due to human-influenced selective breeding - we like to pick the plants that taste better if possible."
He maybe dropped a lot of money to play control warrior but I guess you haven't got the memo that such players have the right to win. Was he that butt hurt that I won? If I can recall I think he was playing a warrior as well. If I wasn't a low level what was he intending to say? Lol
Sushi Police Favorite short form anime? Ones that are like &lt;10 mins per episode?
German language hasn't changed THAT much though In 2004 my German book was from before the wall came down. That book was older than I was.
"Here, you dropped these: s, That's too bad. What a violation of the inalienable right of every person on earth to live in our country!"
Poor Pumpkaboo :( Carved an Eevee pumpkin!
Yes because CS and dota and League are completely bug free right ? Raining in on your fun? Exposure is important if this game is ever to make the ranks of E-Sports.
"Great reason to hate it, I also hate movies that make me feel something other than the general happy ending bullshit that never seems to happen in real life. at how everything played out"
"Get out of here with your propaganda, you capitalist pig! Actually Quality of Life is way up due to technology. But the purchasing power of a middle class family is down. And the Middle class has been decreasing in size, however for every 1 person or family that goes down to the lower class 2-3 go up to the upper class. So it's not the worst situation."
That's seems like so much fun......... Fuck with people with Smartglass
you mean right click and Yi? we also need a button which auto-kills every champion you see
"That's because gay people are oppressed by assimilating into straight culture, i.e., not thinking about their sexuality 24/7. Why do people keep thinking that gay people have ANY personality traits outside of being gay? Seriously, bunch of stereotyping shitlords."
"Guys, why all the downvotes? How much Karma can you make with one sentence?"
"Spoiler alert Blue jays are gonna win this, sorry folks"
because clothing would interfere in their time capabilities. And the people behind the clock need to be topless...why?
Shh don't u know that word is offensive? Or clinically retarded
Must be the pain meds. Crisis Actor Forgets to Fake Injury - Aurora Theater Hoax
"And kidnapping! Good, let's legalize prostitution next."
"No, all they need is McLaren fucking up, Ferrari being Ferrari, and a Venezuelean driver They might even win a race if Red Bull collide/do a Ferrari strategy and Hulk retires from a glorious podium position"
"They all look alike to him No, that was Greedo in the deleted scene. Wald is Ani's friend that was actually in the movie"
"Hey man, you're not supposed to give an actual answer, you're just supposed to criticize the actual decision to go in in the first place If LBJ had allowed an all out air campaign to be flown in '65 instead of insisting on a policy of gradualism (where the targets hit gradually grew to be increasingly significant in a misguided effort to limit escalation and avoid triggering Chinese or Soviet involvement) it could well have brought the North Vietnamese to their knees according to several studies. In fact there were several points where the North Vietnamese *were* nearly brought to their knees by the bombing during Rolling Thunder, only for them to offer to some kind of meaningless concession towards peace talks and gain a bombing halt, which they then used to recover. One of these was in late-'67: it's believed that Tet was only possible due to men and arms already pre-stockpiled in SVN as NVN had nearly ground to a halt. Of course, Tet then changed the political landscape, but in any case at that point in late '67 the NVN govt. made a small concession towards agreeing to talks and a restrictions were reinforced on the bombing campaign! Gradualism also gave NVN time to adjust to the effects of the bombing (eg disperse power generation facilities and fuel storage provisions) and build up what became the most comprehensive air defence network in the world to protect themselves. Both of these moves greatly increased the difficulties involved in the air campaign. An effective air campaign in NVN would have severely limited their ability to supply their forces south of the DMZ, much more effectively than the efforts to interdict the Ho Chi Minh Trail were able to."
"Nice try Ahmed My Pebble Time makes a ticking sound When I hold my Pebble Time close to my ear, I hear a 'ticking' sound. I think it makes it every second. Is this normal?"
Yeah same... I wish someone had an extra to give me It's so upsetting that my bank doesn't support Samsung Pay so I missed out on this promo.
I was born in 97 clearly I'm a 90's kid First episode aired in 2004
Someone being smart enough to lock their treasure chests. What happens in real life but doesn't happen in video games?
"Right, because the problem in the US currently isn't excessive power by corporations, it's definitely too many unions. No, it means companies don't get fucked by the union."
"Or it really WAS a bomb and now he's going to get it into the White House! President Obama on Twitter: ""Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great."""
"Stop using your logic to defend yourself! I'm an ""environmentalist"" in a broad sense, but almost everything I advocate for is with people in mind. I want to protect the environment because I believe it frequently provides services like clean water and clean air at a cheaper cost than engineering these things. If you believe in God, and believe that he created these intricate systems to serve humanity's interests, I don't see an incompatibility with my own views of environmentalism."
Must be all the American fans following NJPW. His speculation - if they are WWE bound - was that this has a lot to do with how over AJ Styles has been. He said that WWE is really surprised at how consistently over AJ's been since he's jumped to WWE.
"Yes,he also confirmed l4d3 and portal3 in his qna wait is this real!?"
"Nice, so if VPNing into another network and trying to resolve a local domain, it comes down to whether your local DNS responds faster than the one at the other end of the tunnel... genius It's not handled. It works the way you describe in Windows 8.1 and earlier. Windows 10 just uses the fastest reply."
GIMME DAT FULL COMMUNISM GIMME DAT FULL COMMUNISM GIMME DAT FULL COMMUNISM IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME Canada's left-leaning New Democrats jump into national lead: poll | Canada | Reuters
"I knew Canadians were hiding something, no one is that nice on purpose. I totally agree with you. Belgium is the reason why the genocide happened. But, every country that has had any sort of power has blood on their hands of comparative value. Even Canada's past isn't snow white. So many of the European countries ravaged the entire continent of Africa with colonization. I have family who live in Africa and there are so many awful things that happened in its history that no one even hears about. There are so many The Africans who ran the slave trade are a huge part of the reason why the African Slave Trade became as big as it did. I say to you do not let the sins of their ancestors ruin your view of them in the present. Every Belgian person I have met were wonderful people and they have a very rich culture that everyone should experience."
"Forgot a No it's legit, duhh...."
"Man, that sounds terrifying! Ballot measures would legalize pot, end death penalty, create single-payer health care"
I have puny girly hands don't make fun of me! Giant watch Giant knife Get normal sized gadgets
"Hey bro, I'm just giving you job security. If you do this, fuck you."
"Still can't make salsa because tomatoes and peppers haven't been discovered yet. I remind them I am playing a two foot tall woman with insect wings and the ability to fly 40 miles an hour and we've just been sent through time and space to another planet, fought zombies, then came back only to be greeted by this world's equivalent of Dr. Who before being sent to fight a flying lizard monster who breathes fire and ash and lives in a swamp filled with 450-foot long crocodiles. Our hippie with pointy ears and a vecoliraptor can summon gorillas at will from another plane of existence and can transform into an eagle to claw the enemy's eyes out while our sapient gecko man uses a hammer as a lamp to kill skeletons that can somehow stand upright despite being nothing but bone."
"Well, don't do it in front of cops. Yeah it might be, but if a cop feels like ticketing you for it they can."
"Yeah this definitely not a hate crime. First Openly Gay Mississippi Politician Murdered Last Week Was Beaten, Dragged And Set On Fire"
"What, you to good bend over and shop like the rest of us? Is this the video of the comedian that says you basically shop off the floor of TJ Maxx? (at work, can't see youtube)"
I'm sure we'll be hearing of these new and improved services in no time. Anti-gambling body to get chop: MP - National - NZ Herald News
Projecting a very bright light and making the ground slippery is very safe for everyone who's not the bus. Sydney Harbour over-height water curtain wall
No sharks there. and this is why we stick to the gulf...
But have you tried not having a brick wall? the wall... its made of bricks :)
Evidence that she is a reptilian! The perfect time for a video to buffer.
"Well, clearly Charizard wins because he's the best Pokemon, even though he's not in this match. batman and whis vs superman and missingno"
Hilarious You should stop murdering people.
"Earning that mature rating. I had the funniest glitch last night... I present, the TESO Nudists!"
"Yeah just like how you're not cheating now Lmfao, that wasn't me cheating xD xD"
Surely filled with godless heathens! My N train was completely full?
"Yeah nobody thinks that TSM is a threat You mean imitation tactics for Esl Colonge . They pretend to be falling apart like Envy and no one thinks they are as big of a threat and then BAM! they win the major , Calling it right now ."
It's almost as if using the same balance for both softcore and hardcore is a terrible design decision. Invasion was like the least popular league in the game by far and should never be part of the core game. Everyone I knew had quit the league within a week or two. The suspense is fun initially but the game gets rather stressful when you constantly have to worry about rape spider lurking offscreen ready to send your ass to standard. Although most of the bosses are nerfed to joke tier it's still very possible to get murdered in a blink.
I hear the dark web has a special on assassins this time of year Ah I get it. Just hire someone else to break their knees for you.
alright gotta go cheat on faceit thank you for your advice If you want to cheat go on FaceIt
"Heh, maybe I shouldn't have left out the I know that's a really negative perception, but work with me here. I'm sure the game will be fine overall, but considering the direction Bethesda took with both Skyrim (introducing a lot of radiant quests) and Fallout 4(using those radiant quests even more, and having quite a few quests that are just kind of bland), again this isn't a 100% thing, there were still lots of good quests in there, but more of a trend thing. Gameplay wise, it'll probably be decent, but Bethesda games gameplay is probably never gonna be up to par with a game designed around that mechanic, Dishonored and such will always be a better stealth game, Mount and Blade will always be the better melee combat game and so on - of course, none of them do TES' ""do anything and everything"" so it's got that going for it, but whatever."
"Won't anyone think of the children! Sigh. I really don't want to get into a drawn out thing about this, but going PC isn't for everyone. Cheaper? To build your own PC absolutely. For the price of an Xbox you can build a machine that blows it out of the water, no question. But for a prebuilt system including the OS, it's gets to be pretty close. Cheapest premade desktops usually start around $300, and probably would not be able to run a AAA game at that price. The bottom line is that for the *vast majority* of consumers, a console is just easier. It's simple. You buy it for the family, plug it in, and you can start gaming/watching netflix/watching TV/etc. The PC certainly has a **huge** amount of advantages for anyone who is even remotely tech-oriented. But for ease of use and simplicity? The Xbox/PS4/Wii is just simpler, easier, and more affordable for your average person who uses computers for Facebook, email, and MS word. Redditors tend to forget that we're the outliers. We're *much* more informed and tech-oriented than your average consumer. Dan, a father of four working a 9-5 job, doesn't want to buy the parts for a PC, wait for shipping, put them together, buy an OS, install the OS, install steam, hook it up to a television, find a controller, install controller drivers, find a 3rd party chat client, buy a headset, check if Civ 7 meets his system requirements, it doesn't. Upgrade his video card, wait for shipping, install the vid card, install the drivers, etc. He just wants to buy a console, plug it in, and play Halo with his kids. His Xbox One is going to last the entire console generation, and probably be fine for a couple years after. That's 10 years of gaming without any upgrades. I doubt a 10 year old PC bought at minimum specs in 2004 could support a AAA game released this year. If you disagree, *I completely understand*. PC offers a myriad of benefits that are too numerous to list. But people should also understand why others might like a console."
"It's a German jet it can't do well, Gaijin obviously artificially nerfs the stats on it so that Rooshans and Freedumbs can win more. C'mon dude, you can't do well in the Me 163, don't you know that if you can't pull +-15G's your excellent acceleration, climb rate, roll rate and above average turn rate mean nothing?"
Nope professionals don't need that we want .44mm thinner to make sure our backs don't break sorrynotsorry Perhaps back off the thin train just a bit and provide actual batteries. Imagine the new MBP wasn't thinner than the previous one but instead could boast of a twenty hour battery life...
"Go fuck off somewhere else. Christ, no need to be a condescending dick. Being rude never proves points."
You're gonna need more than a knife if it comes down to zombies... Glad I'm in Hawaii My mum bought a new kitchen knife and all I can think of is using it on zombies.
"Wow, Kimi was a bit smaller back then? Kimi with his stylish 2005 Hungarian trophy"
"He's got one period and one comma, that's all you need! Who needs punctuation anyways?"
"Cuz who would want a tavor with a lighter trigger, built in picatinny rails, index finger magazine release, forward assist and the option for a traditional trigger guard. Gross no"
or a nymph.. i WAS gonna have zelnite lead. but you convinced me to change it to a mecha. :\^)
A little toddler torture never hurt anyone I have an _extreme_ no-toddler-torture policy. Should I tone down and allow for some toddler torture?
"Yes, because paintings ""created nowadays"" are all of celebrities and brand names. If classical paintings were created nowadays"
Just what I'd expect some disgruntled Armenian to say. Yes. Racism in football stadiums in Europe is more prevalent than Am. Football in America. I'm including places such as Turkey and the CIS regions when saying this.
Gaaaay Star and Rainbow: The new flag of Nagaland
Yeah cuz everyone has superfast internet. Anything this long should be a video or a gif honestly.
Can't be a victim if you're dead. Women have always been the primary victims of war.
How did you ever figure that out? Someone lives in Fort Collins!
"Yeah, because sibling rivalries always make the bonds weaker. A house divided against itself cannot stand."
"HaHa silly NASA their is no oil on the moon, no way you are going to get the money NASA wants to build a permanent outpost beyond the Moon"
"But it looks so much cooler and seems so much more hi-tech! As an industrial designer, it makes my blood boil that you can attribute his death to bad design. A shifter that sprigs back to a center position? Are you shitting me? It's called feedback you dicknuts, and you need it when controlling a 2 ton machine completely capable of killing you or anything around it."
"Wow what a surprise an anti Abbott tweet got 'accidentally' broadcast on the ABC, even with all the staff employed on show. Looks like Q&amp;A forgot to check for Mark Scott's Twitter account"
"Yeah, because you can't convey sarcasm on the internet Someone just needs to come up with a sarcasm/joke font. It just needs to start happening. I, too, found this amusing."
"Well, now that you mention it...I didn't get anything for Veterans Day! Indeed. Halloween set the precedent that holiday = free stuff so now any time they don't follow through, it will annoy players."
"Mark it as such. that was pure sarcasm lol well the first part, not the second part."
"GSP and Diaz are just using that cage to hide from the real champion that is Hendricks. After Diaz has been calling out GSP for the past couple of years, Hendricks says ""GSP can't hide forever."" Why is everything Georges's fault? Is this what MMA is becoming? *The champ is hiding, force him to fight me.* I'm getting sick of this crap. What about you reddit? Also anything else you want to contribute?"
"And the 3 years spent trying naturally trying to time ovulation, the year under fertility medications followed by insemenations and the several extremely expensive failed Invitro Fertilization attempts would have all not been necessary for many people if they would have just calmed down and relaxed. Fat people don't like to be told to eat better and exercise more, but it's still valid advice! If there's nothing medically wrong there's a good chance that stress is hurting your chances of conceiving."
Didn't you know that time spent implementing this feature that no one was asking for is time they could spend on legacy servers which everyone is asking for? Better go check the official forums to find out why this is literally going to ruin the game.
Why would the cars color be relevant? What color was the car?
What's Natascha's name? All of Heavy's miniguns have names
People still play that game ? Ahem.... division ... cough
".... But.... But my friend said so No. it's pretty damn resilient. To take flesh down to the bone you're going to need either significant fragmentation and/or explosive force. Neither flashbangs nor concussion grenades provide the fragmentation, they're made of relatively thin casings and not designed to fragments. Flashbangs aren't going to burn/blast your arm off. Concussion grenades pack a little more oomph, but unless the damn thing was strapped to her arm I still call bullshit."
"hey, what colour is my shirt? im colourblind &lt;.&lt;"
"Because traffic jams, accidents, and construction have definitely cleared up delays here in the US Another reason public transportation is bullshit. I fucking hate every form of it. Cars are the best."
"I got sniped in the first second and they are just camping the point for the next minute and a half. Those of you actually playing Trials right now, how is it? The mega thread appears to be full of people stuck at work or school bitching about how Cauldron with no revives and no radar is going totally suck balls that they totally aren't playing Trials this weekend. So for those of you actually playing it right now, how it is really? I think it sounds like a fun change for 1 weekend."
"Yes, because if Sudan forces its women to cover up, it must mean all Muslim women everywhere are **forced** to cover up. So well put. I came here to ask where all the Islamopoloigists are defending her Islamic right to choose."
Clearly things become acceptable because God willed them to be. Isn't it a weird coincidence that gods views change depending on when something becomes unacceptable?
Whole Foods just robs you when you check out. Well that's what happens when you go to jewel instead of whole foods market
"I can't wait for the next big thing, our very first South East Asian slaves! Islamic Banking In Canada Touted As Next Big Thing For Financial Services Sector"
You dropped this breeding any animal is unnatural act. Animals should only have litters if they are actually in love and committed to staying together.
"Yeah, Benteke has a really exceptional fitness record... Sturridge's legs will blow out Benteke will do well"
Any things DOT legal with a sticker DOT legal HALO helmet coming soon!
"ITT: People who have intimate knowledge of Clinton's plans to deregulate Wall Street and appoint only the greasiest of Goldman Sachs execs to governmental positions. Bernie Sanders: ""We don't need more Wall Street CEOs in any administration"""
Do i get credit for the assist? Flying save followed by flying goal
Oh that makes it so much better. TIL there have been more deaths in Chicago from gang violence than troops killed in Afganistan since 2001.
"It's to boot up P:M right In brawl I spend more time in ""stage builder"" than anywhere else."
"M here, wearing dresses like caityln jenner ohhh wait... Reddit, what is something you use that is intended to be used by the other gender?"
pleb What is MLP? I'm almost too afraid to ask.
"Yes, we need more weeaboo content to this sub TOG-chan and crew"
You forgot your A lot of people are thinking this is a clear fuck up but the bot threw that totem golem down so it could play Thing from below the next turn.
"Oh darn, we've been unearthed. Unearthing America's Deep Network of Climate Change Skeptics"
...those word thingies? Did you read the article?
Fat can't melt steel boners Never forget!
You mean the Mandarins. Doubtful. The guy *hates* The Fed.
"Justin Beiber helped in 9/11? That's not an appearance thing that's a ""he used to be a fireman, and helped in 9/11 for no reason but a sense of duty"" thing. Like how a 50 year old woman would find Doogie Hauser or 15 year old Bieber attractive."
"TIL Saitama is a casual starbuster He honestly probably could already breathe in space, given how his first instinct upon realizing he's on the moon is to take a breath and hold it. But now it makes it slightly more reasonable for him to just hulk-punch his way through the cosmos, blowing up stars accidentally."
"Nah, it's Heckler &amp; Koch. Does HK stand for ""herrree kitty""?"
"Reeeeeee DC shills I'm pretty sure those 11% are hydra Then again, an argument for 12% can be made"
ROB FORD IS THE BEST MAYOR THAT HAS EVER EXISTED IN THE HISTORY OF EVER! Butthurt backlash is an ugly thing.
How can you expect a non-leatherworker to understand something as complicated as a set of reins? Well that's fucking silly. The other profession mounts make some sort of sense as to why you can't use them without the profession.
"But doesn't Manning call the plays? I remember him overthrowing his receivers in the divisional game last year. His arm strength wasn't the problem. His accuracy was poor, because he uses his legs for that. His leg was wounded. Also, that team looked like it had given up on both sides of the ball. That was from poor coaching."
"But - he beats off that much so it must be normal! I really think you would benefit from seeing a sex therapist. You don't seem to have a good understanding of what a reasonable sex life is, probably due to your lack of experience. They would also be able to give you the tools to talk to your wife about your desires and reach a compromise in a healthy way. Good luck!"
Hua yes because the houses are bulldozed for no reason right of course Bulldoze some more of Palestine and call the disinfranchised terrorists when they lash out. What a perfect system for the corrupt.
"Yeah, murdering monarchs just makes us giddy Well the catholics don't think he was doing anything particularly wrong."
Reddit has much more thorough background checks Scared probs
I didn't know chiz's head was that big! Hole Talk
But but but the all powerful oracle Nate Silver said his momentum has passed! I guess the Sanders team didn't get the memo that he'd peaked already.
"Jolly good chap, time to supress the plebs. We are the 1%."
JFK because he was a man. JFK vs Hillary Clinton who was the better president?
"You been talkin' to Fishmahboi? Everyone is going to die by next Tuesday, by Wednesday, half of humanity will have been eaten by the other half. Three weeks later, all of life will be dead. Cannibals and hothouse world. It's how we end in every message."
"POLISH IT ANYWAYS! Mine are the Under Armour Valsetz, no leather on them, just a synthetic mesh type deal and rubber"
"Call of Duty: Ghost is the most recent texture pack, but it cost $60 Is there HD texture packs for COD4? Since it's such an easy game to run i was wondering does anybody know of any texture packs for cod4?"
"And I'm sure all 65 are politely discussing the merits and shortcomings of these criticisms And of course, the same article on rPolitics has 0 points but 65 comments. JFC."
you lookin for volunteers? I want a harem of men. That sounds fun!
"yeah sc2 is the best game ever thats why it deserves to have all the viewerships As far as I think HS is a bad spectator game, it seems that people actually spend time watching it. In the end it's about viewership, not how good the game is I guess."
But raising minimum wage will just create more inflation so it doesn't fix the problem! With the ongoing credits inflation in the last 2 years isn't it time to raise f2p credit cap? It should be something like 700k f2p and 1 mil preff.
"Jokes on you, you messed up the comma too! Proper use of comma is, not what you just did."
Ok I'll go 26.3 miles and call it an ultra marathon and write a book about the thin privileged couldn't keep me down. No an ultramarathon is literally any event longer than a marathon. And why can't a triathlon be any distance? As long as it's swimming biking and running I assume any event should count
"Censor the Internet. Why is this information available online? I'm sure Dorner has internet access, could easily look at this, and realize ""hey, they are looking for me in the mountains... why don't I not go there."""
"so now Germany is a racist Ethno State, great, RACISTS! Germany deports Afghan refugees in effort to deter new arrivals"
"Wow big deal here, it's so controversial, it sure gonna cause a massive problem later, and it's so big, how could she ever hide it? It may make people chuckle for like a month then it'll get old and she's gonna have to carry her little quirky joke for the rest of her life"
"He was just doing you a favor, clear tails are all the rage nowadays... Today a 16 year old in an Escalade thought my car could use a few styling updates..."
"No, I'm bashing PwS based entirely off internet reports. What are you taking about? Have you ever used PwS? It loads the servers faster than Commander."
"Wanting to nuke the Middle East, and wanting to kill all those who disagree with you is totes not terrorism at all. The Real American ( x-post from r/trashy)"
"But they only get 70 cents for every dollar a man makes so their $14 trillion collects interest a lot slower. TIL: Women currently control 51 percent, or $14 trillion, of personal wealth in the U.S. and are expected to control $22 trillion by 2020."
"But, if you amortize it over your wait period, it's only $5 a day. What a smoking deal...feel my pain"
"cmon man.... what are you, racist? she's too much of a SJW to say ""black"""
"Ronan (L), Elektra, MODOK best team suggestions? what do u all think are the best teams to use? i currently have daredevil, spiderman and punisher as my main team. post your teams below ^.^"
ORTIZ CAREER TAINTED Ortiz loses his suspension appeal. Will sit out tonight's game.
"Omg I am offedned by this why isnt this nsfw omg u could scar a childs life omg u terrible person Recently had my stitches removed, I couldn't resist"
"Yeah, everybody in that video looked super cool, I think I'm going to go fight due to all this glorifying. Camera guy is filming a fight, i.e. glorifying violence, then turns in to a bitch and goes pacifist when confronted."
"well of course not with the 5th amendment and all.... Catholic bishops not obliged to report clerical child abuse, Vatican says"
"Anong kaputanginahan naman ba to? Poe was a Duterte plant all along, just there to split the LP vote!"
"This would make a nice flag As an Irish man, I think the Irish Examiner's perfected their tribute to Jonah Lomu."
How about the football wars? What If Eugen was to make a Wargame title set in S. America? -feel free to rip this idea apart-
I think he may have forgotten to do are you serious or was it just sacarsm?
"Yeah, *just* pandering to racists is fine... Oh, all Trump apologists do is say ""he doesn't *really* believe that, is just pandering!"""
That's cause his sugars er low That hundred yard dead eyed stare is freakin me out man. It just looks so empty(if that were possible) on the inside.
"needs more tone mapping, i can still see what may have once been a shadow. Meanwhile, somewhere in Nevada"
Well that suddenly makes your opinion law. Well no. I grew up in Egypt and I have more than a fucking clue about what I'm talking about.
"I'm saying it since we're all thinking it: Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare. What is your personal Game of the Year? List a few if you like! :) For me it's a tie between Final Fantasy XV, Titanfall 2 and Overwatch. Most addicting games I've played in years!"
Yes let's kill one way valve supports the funding of majors Question: Cases Shouldn't cases be removed from CSGO Completely because it is a form of gambling.
GET OUT. Who
"We'll duh, if they can't hate the Jews, it's not interesting. Syria has killed more Palestinians recently than Israel has, but nobody cares."
"What a great use of the state troopers. MD Attorney General Gansler regularly ordered state troopers assigned to drive him to turn on the lights and sirens on the way to routine appointments, directing them to speed, run red lights and bypass traffic jams by using the shoulder..."
"Yeah, but these are Jed York YES MENTM coaches and doctors! The medical staff makes the decision whether a player can play or not. Coaches don't do this."
"Who would need 37 O'Rielly jerseys, isn't one enough I say keep it. It's cool to have the old one. Like people who have 37 O'Rielly jerseys."
"Dont you fucking dare talk about Obomba like that ! Obama has already proven that he can strip you of your rights as a citizen, put you on a hit list, and kill you. See Anwar-alAwlaki. Anyways if you read the article you'll see it upholds the *right* but the right is overruled by *law* ""preventing people who have already broken the law by coming to the country illegally from carrying guns."" This is some pretty basic stuff here and not a matter of liberal or conservative. Just like we have free speech but you can still get arrested for yelling ""bomb"" on an airplane."
Thanks for letting me know why. You shouldn't make suggestions about topics you have no idea about.
"Yes, and this totally justifies his murder. Trayvon Martin Suspension From School For Marijuana Residue. Is Suspension a Red Herring?"
"Must be 300 American Republicans... Most popular facebook reaction emoticon on Al Jazeeras article about the Orlando shooting is ""haha"""
"Class acts, those Kennedys. TIL that even though Sammy Davis Jr. had campaigned ardently for John F. Kennedy, Sammy was disinvited to the inauguration gala because he had married a white woman. Sammy had even postponed his marriage until after the election in order to not hurt the campaign."
dude spoiler tag that The end of Tony Montana (Scarface 1983)
"Briles to Saban's OC at Texas confirmed. Nowhere in those comments did he say anything that meant no, after the bowl he gone."
Dude Khalib Starnes is underrated You probably thought that guy that ran away the whole fight and got kicked out of the UFC deserved to win too?
"But if the light hadn't turned red, that person would be way ahead! He was trying to beat a train that would have taken, what, like 15 seconds of his precious time? It's like when you're driving the speed limit and a person passes you dangerously only to meet side by side at the next stop light. Completely pointless."
"horrific I don't recommend it, alcohol is my only friend. okayyy..... you ever give normal a shot? how'd it end up?"
What if that is all they want? Was it where the best fish and chips in the area are?
Yes.....that would go over SO well with the audience. Has to do it in blackface though
"Nintendo doesn't want people to find traditional levels. Portal site has no ""traditional"" tag? Am I just supposed to leave my levels untagged and let people assume they're just... whatever people assume a regular mario maker level is like?"
"Yepp, everyone not agreeing and stating their oppinion is a hater Pretty much the definition of a hater right here. 0/5 without the may segment? smh. Well, I guess everyone's a critic nowadays."
Cut out the middle-plant and just stand outside; your body will convert sunlight directly into protein! Cut out the middle cow for this unbelievable protein hack!
When were they ever not funny? So ugly people are funny now?
Just watch the NA vod another time if it starts too late for you Then watch a VOD...
"why did he draw the old pepsi logo lol Korean artist Kim Jung Gi, known for drawings without references, demonstrates his skill"
Why do you hate animals? 'MURICA
Fuck off were full Burta
how did it even work with that on there Had this fan for 6 years. Just found.
"Because only an IDIOT would think ""Global Warming"" is anything besides the sun! Why would a movement antithetical to intellectuals embrace that which it disdains?"
"wow this has a lot to do with the grumps, nice quality post. Is that super bonk on the package????"
"Yeah, right now they seem to be making a new one DAILY! I'm honestly surprised at how fast they make them."
"BUR PEE CEE CANT DO SPL1TSCR33N CONSOLE MUSTER RACE Best Split Screen Games What are your favorite split screen/Co-op games. Personally, I think the lego games really shine here more than what people give them credit for."
Lol mechanically gifted Annie's Yasuo is generally as good as you are with him. that said there are alot of stupid counters to him like hourglass and camp and mechanically gifted annie's
"While we are at it, recall Delac to replace Begovic.... You know, for depth! The end of William because an injured 20 year old is returning to London? Lolz"
"Drug users are criminals and second-class citizens This is super shitty. If doctors are so worried about giving out medication to a possible drug seeker, that they would deny treatment to someone actually in legit pain, something needs to change. Maybe they need to figure out what they can do for people in that much and type of pain that isn't opiods but actually effective. They also need to not assume that because you need pain killers you are a junky. and you know what so what, unless they have definitive proof that you are abusing them isn't better to treat your patients with kindness and dignity and help them? I hope things get worked out long before you need pain meds."
But...cheetochimp made money off the deal...what a smart business man! Trump rented Manhattan office to Iranian bank with terror ties
More plastic to peel off = pleasure Why the big window just to show off a cooling block?
Your wife is a loser hahahaha My wife would love these. :(
"Women never lie about rape, though! The funny part was when the female lawyer was scratching her head over why a male would ever think of using Title IX to sue for sex discrimination."
It's okay our lord and savior Trump of Nazareth will change the constitution by drinking all the liberal tears. He'll be in direct violation of the constitution the second he takes the oath of office but the lickspittles in congress will just watch with envy.
"Immortaller, youre welcome Ha im 21, more immortal than you"
"Nah, you definitely gay if you support them gays and shit. Told co-worker I was against anti-LGBT law and he asked, ""Why? Are you Gay?"""
Erhm... Install Linux? How to stop Microsoft form spying you! (Windows 10 Privacy settings)
"Maybe you make them depressed. I think I'm better a being alone Like the title said in the title, I think I'm better off at being alone. I have a special talent of picking friends that are depressed. My pretty much only two friends and girlfriend are all depressed. Now I have nothing against mental illness, but being their confidant all the time really drags me down. Now, this isn't all the time but sometimes it was really bad. The past 2 nights I was up till 3 am, talking them through their problems and after a while I started to follow suit. I can't really bring this up with any of them because some of their problems are that they ruin everything and that they are a burden on everyone, so I don't have anyone to talk to about this. Sometimes I think I'm better off not having any friends and just stay home and be an antisocial teen, because then I would do just fine. If I do this I lose the only people I care about, but if I don't it could be detrimental to me. Any ideas or advice is welcome. If you made it this far thanks for listening."
"She wouldn't be talking about issues facing america during this race to be president of america if it wasnt for le bernie In which the BernieBots enter the fourth stage of grief - bargaining: ""It's okay to like Shillary if she's basically Sanders now anyway, right?"""
"Nah man, there's a question mark so it's totally not a spoiler. Isn't that spoiler?"
David Clarke is a white-male sympathizer Black Labs Matter
"It is a communist globalist anti-American Illuminati conspiracy,duh. Climate change"
"Anyone who says ""You will never convince me"" must have all the right answers. *hello my child you're born from grandma parts* This is utterly disgusting, I don't know what ideal you're talking about. I'm not religious or anything. Like nobody will manage to make me think there other gender than m/f, you won't convince me about this. Kids aren't things, you don't own them, you can't just make them suffer because you've ""preferences""."
Wow don't be a bigot. Pretty sure one of those is a girl.
*Totally not a Ponzi scheme* And feel free to pay off one loan with another bigger one. Just keep upping the ante and you'll never have to pay it back! It's an awesome and totally legal loophole!
"The Daily Mail is a classy and reliable publication and you should believe every story they print without question. Are any British newspapers truly politically neutral? Obviously the Sun, Mail and Telegraph are fairly right wing and the Guardian a Labour paper. Are there any papers that just report the news in an unbiased and unaffiliated politically manner?"
"Yeah, openly being attracted to people you are attracted to and expressing that in a look or a compliment is apparently a war crime or something. So it's only okay if I do it behind your back? Got it."
and of course a down vote because I offended someone that doesn't like that that I didn't speak praise of everything Stratux. VK172 seems to be the standard here. I personally am going to go back to using my BadElf Pro+. Its solid and doesnt take battery away from my SDRs and doesnt have the interference issue either.
"Listen to this guy, he knows his shit. He can beat any adc 1v1 at max items that's for sure . His e + passive shreds hardcore"
"We're coming for ya! Well, I suppose we had enough of peace for the last 25 years, might as well start another war. Fallout and Call of Duty provide far too little immersion for me."
"Its ok, they did that 1 episode with Astor being a teenager, so we had closure. Remember Aster and Cody? Yeah... They were pretty decent characters with loads of potential... It's cool how they had them just shipped off to their grandparents, too though... I guess..."
"It's OK when a woman, I mean pig, does it. The queen of domestic abuse. Always smacking Kermit around."
"If PC so good, why no PC II The PC is dead. Long live the PC!"
[link] Column A | Column B | Column C ---------|----------|---------- A1 | B1 | C1 A2 | B2 | C2
"Yes, because there's lots of enemies who spawn from thin air in Dark Souls. Nah, seems legit. The dev's left it that way to please all the Dark Souls players."
SEO ROCKSTAR Online Marketing Ninja
"Yes, when people think about CS they definitely have the color of enemies on the radar as the most defining thing about the game. And imo this red vs blue thing is something that has always defined cs, yellow and blue was something from bf / COD."
wow get a life A Dreamcast in the pub!
"Because for Reddit if you don't like it, no one else can too Why does reddit have to turn ""I don't like that font"" into a cancer meme?"
"please add People who join mm without the intent to communicate via voice comms, are literally Hitler."
I get it now.. There's a football game on tonight... Maybe it'll get buried! Comes across as extremely cowardly
TIL you can't use company e-mail from home Except you're not paid to look for jobs while you are at work for your current one. If you want to look for a job you do it on your own time.
"""...yet."" Aaron Forsythe on Twitter: """"Eternal"" is not the name of a format, real or imaginary. #thetruthisoutthere"""
Preferably with a mech. Or during
What a shock. Charles Koch ponied up to keep Gregg Marshall at Wichita State
"Cultural clensing That's why they added the modifier ""cultural"" isn't it? The residential school system kidnapped all the children of an entire people, subjected them to widespread and horrific abuse, and purposefully did everything in it's power to sever any connection they had to their cultures or their families. If that's not cultural genocide how could you possibly define it?"
"They may be on opposite ends of the spectrum, but they're still on the spectrum. No, I'm implying that IMO they are two opposites of a spectrum. Put together the combination works."
"totally proved him wrong with your anecdote Oh come on, I've used my micro usb cable for ages, there is absolutely 0 damage on it, and I don't take any special precautions"
nel frattempo i tizi sono diventati bianchi? Sbaglio o sono immagini vecchie risalenti alle proteste dell'anno scorso?
"That motorboating line gets me wet everytime. Some guy who my Girlfriend works with sent this to her, he knows she's in a relationship"
"The only way to honor Paul Bearer is to make every WM29 match a casket match. Just finished ""Triple H v. Lesnar, whats the stipulation?"" survey on a wrestling site. Figured i'd drag it here for us to destroy. The stipulations were: MMA style only (yeah right) Triple H must retire if he loses (tame but traditional), Last Man Standing (bloodbath's a comin), Paul Heyman as special guest referee (also tame but expectable) and ""other"". So...what do WE wanna see? And whats really most likely gonna happen? The ""other"" intrigues me for the possibility of fantasy matches."
John Deere's version that doesn't exist yet is obviously far superior for a large number of reasons. Our first Magnum Rowtrac.
No because you didn't pay your private healthcare premium. an ancap falls off his bicycle
"Wear a dress to the next showing. I painted a painting of a pair of legs in black stocking, called it knee socks. Some back story is that I like nice legs on a woman. I find fine legs attractive. So I painted one and showed it at a student show. I get a chat from a friend that she's offended by this specific painting because it objectifies women as sexual beings and that I should take a gender study class. I asked a professor and he said that the painting was too easy to understand and that it sexualizes women and that I shouldn't go there at all. Or that I should paint it more abstract way so it is hard to decipher the painting. My question is how can I deal with this smoothly that nobody will get upset next time? Thanks for your time."
"Yea they should probably nerf the defenders more, win rates have been too high since the semi auto nerf I'd prefer this happened for defenders by default but since Ubisoft doesn't seem to have a problem with the amount of killing outside by defenders, I think this is actually a nice buff to Glaz."
"We all know you're just a dirty Tartar in disguise! [m]its a communist government headed by a slav but whatever, choose to totally disregard my first posts from 10 ace"
I dont see the difference to the version I played on my xbox 360 TES Oblivion modded 2016
"I assume that means ""Son of a Bitch""? I COME IN PEACE! SoB Here Regarding Saturday's Pre-Game Again, I COME IN PEACE! The Sons of Ben just shared this today and it was the first I heard of it. Wanted to post something here in case this is new news for those of you coming to the match this weekend. Prior to the Union v Red Bull match, the Unified Soccer of Special Olympics will hold an exchange match on the field representing the Union and Red Bulls. Their match will begin at 5:45, with the gates opening early at 5:30 for those coming to cheer on the Special Olympics Athletes. Seeing as how this is prior to the actual Union/Red Bulls match, I see no reason why we all can't come together for the Special Olympics Athletes. SoBs are cheering on both squads, and I'd like to extend that invite to everyone coming down to PPL Park for the match."
He would still have to click the confirmation box they added in 6.1 to prevent accidental kicks/quits. I bet the GM now has /gkick chalice_w macros
"Isn't the general consensus that nice guys get friendzoned and assholes don't? ""She friend-zoned me"""
"What was written before you sanded ""FAG"" on there? Sanding out the key scratches"
... Iran's *peaceful* nuclear program that they want for energy (when they're swimming in oil). Iranian Video Simulates a Nuke Attack on Israel
"But he made a mistake by not catching the ball, he must lack mental capacity! Just because someone dropped a pass, doesn't make them an idiot."
You forgot to account for leap month 3 years 2 days then :) ?
"Driver was clearly following too closely, better give him a ticket So the police can do what exactly? They only give a shit if there is a wreck."
Such wit May they rest in pieces.
"Impossible, Rooney is shit 4 in 3 lol"
"He is around a quarter Ana-kin, since he is his grandson. Well, he is as much Ana-kin as the wolf kin are real wolves."
its actually 25% chance to not get craggied on first hit and then goes back to normal I fucking knew he would get craggied on the first hit lmao
"And even if they clear their names, remember it only takes one poorly timed flash of ankle or boob for them to regress to brutes. She's right though, you never can be too safe. We have to assume that all men are paedophiles and rapists until they clear their names with 100% unquestionable innocence. You can never be too careful, especially around the black ones."
"Waterboarding yourself, nice. Actually speaking of water, it can be a good idea to moisten the towel/cloth before breathing through it as the water will catch some of the airborne particles."
Sounds to me like someone had the idea that the cure to the problem is actually segregation. 'Punishing Us For Being Women': UVA Sorority Members Protest Frat Party Ban
"~~Can they do it for the gems though?~~ Don't do it for the flairs, do it for the community! ~~flairs tho~~"
"Sounds like you are a very professional person. Why if you are fired do they give you any heads up? No. Get a job and just stopping going there, don't even say anything."
"His guardian should be in prison for not keeping him safe. In all seriousness though, if he has that kind of condition then his guardian should take away the car key."
This is a sign that God hates Pride. Thunder! First time I've seen lightning in 4 years of being in San Diego.
"He's a roller daddy, what do you expect? Well one thing Maroon does suck at is fighting All that size for nothing(besides forechecking)"
I sure mark Zuckerberg will present your business plan to Facebook stockholders as soon as possible All Oculus had to do to win was not release a marketplace in neither pc or mobile What happened with Valve is only the start. Oculus can compete with Valve but there is NO WAY to win Google and gain foothold in mobile. Google controls android and has wayyyyy more money than facebook. If they feel threatened the will release a far superior headset that will work with all new mobiles. They have enough money to subsidize it 80%+ if they need too.
"Right, because Dragonball (and Z+) is chock full of humor for kids. You know being in to things made for children doesn't make you a geek, it makes you infantile."
"clearly, it'll be like Batman '66 How lighthearted of a movie is Justice League going to be? The premise of the film makes for a serious story: An unknown alien force threatens mankind's existence in search for ancient technology that assists them in their nefarious goals to enslave all life, but not without the obstacle of a well-equipped league of metahumans. The idea of an apocalyptic invasion by a horde of parademons who abduct several important scientific figures and others, even one specifically close to Cyborg, establishes a high stakes and tense narrative. Victor Stone seems like he'll be the most recluse and serious of the bunch since he's simultaneously still dealing with an existential crisis and Steppenwolf hunting him down for the motherbox that's a part of him, while taking his loved ones from underneath him. However, I fully expect Flash to bring some charm and levity in appropriate doses. I'm also hoping there's more to him than just a scatter brain, a side of some stoicism or a hint to the trauma of his mother's death that's molded him. Maybe, I'm over my head here, taking this too seriously, and reacting too harshly to some news. What do you guys think?"
Wonder wall because everyone absolutely loves the guy who plays it at every party. Guitarists of Reddit: I have a guitar. Can't play a note. What's a simple but satisfying song I can learn to play?
"Wow a link to some random persons twitter, it must be true. Frank is on his way to London again WHAT IS GOING ON"
"You're either a 1 or you're a 0, kid. Just binary genders? ):"
yeah im sure your 9 year old version of this was this high of quality and detail too I used to do this with glue and glitter like 20 years ago when I was 9. Big woop. :B
"Well Obama is LITERALLY HITLER! CONSPIRACY !!!! CONSPIRACY !!!!! IT WAS A FALSE FLAG GUYS !! FALSE FLAG OPERATION !!! THEY'RE GONNA GIVE MORE POWER TO THE TSA!!!! TSA CONCENTRATION CAMPS!!! Just wait, i'm calling it."
They're no Demi Lovato. She's not wrong
"yeah, the psvr is what makes it crazy.... Living room in 2016 looking all kinda crazy."
Then Gamefreak reveals Raichu's Mega looks like a buffed up Pikachu. Perhaps it would cater to the fanbase more. But a non-fully-evolved form with a Mega? doubt it.
"Yes, not wanting to receive a massage from a stranger from the internet is hella shallow. Why can't they take no for a answer?"
"Well, when you're in the backseat the front seats prevent you from flying off. I'm an uber driver and it blows my mind that even sober none of my passengers wear a seatbelt despite having just met me."
voter ID would have really helped here Former Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon indicted on voter fraud
"Nah man, she's clearly an ad carry she isnt already?"
"Nah dood it is, drugz are cool! I don't think ODing and killing your liver is having a good time..."
"That's right, and don't forget that Zimmerman is a ""white hispanic"". You don't have to be white to be racist."
"Punk, you obviously don't understand the language of men. Mailer was a jerk of such incredible proportions, it could only be properly verbalized using all the words that he wanted to read in reviews of his books. His jerkiness was *legendary*; *of titanic proportion*; was *for the ages*. It *dominated* the jerkiness of all previous writers."
Solid reasoning Honestly until this whole ordeal I always decided I would vote on a politician on their own stances not their parties. I can't do that anymore with the fact that the current Republican party's group power is a danger to the entire world. R is now something I will avoid when voting unless their whole party moves its stances.
"but... he wants to fit one ship in five hangars at the same time... I guess if the ship was sufficiently large... you can fit in an infinite number of hangars, just not at once."
I am sick and tired of black males consistently getting free passes in the jusice system yah no black people are in prisons cause they get a free pass
Yeah because one game makes an MVP. That's great but Klay was the mvp last night.
"Why don't we just make income taxes 50-99% and then we'll have plenty of money to spend how we want? You realize the purpose we're discussing is finding ways to raise revenue, right? Proposing offsetting taxes isn't constructive in this setting."
I say the younger the better if you have a kid when you're ten theyll be able to fend for themselves by the time you are 25 so there's that. THIS should go without saying.
Because fuck you that's why Why didn't Carmelo sign a two year deal with Chicago and then sign a max with the new salary cap? Didn't Carmelo lose a ton of money by signing a 5 year contract (instead of 2 like LeBron)?
"If you pick NP your entire team automatically becomes a rat comp LoP Patch Notes - ""Context for visibility"""
"Well, you have to keep your payables and receivables separated, right? They do this most on small business accounts. ""So we will set you up with a savings, and two checking accounts. One will be incoming payments and one accounts payable"" bam."
If you eat at McDonalds you're basicly a meth addict But doesn't one lead to the other? Gateway drug indeed.
"enjoy your VACation First Time on Nuke 2016, this happens"
just smile Dear Redditors what would you wear to a 90's party?
Nice try shitlord. CHECKMATE FEMINISTS.
"SOMETHING SOMETHING THEY'RE NOT GAMERS DAE BREITBART IS THE BEST ""The cast and crew of #BiRDMAN and everyone at @foxsearchlight stand against the misogynist hate campaign #gamergate"""
"Yes, that's why he reported it to Valve before the major. Well then my honest mistake but people should still be glad that he found the spot so it could get fixed."
Yes; we are not diverse enough! Should this be troubling?
It's because he's black. The reason Adam Jones is not getting suspended.
"We found a non-Christain at our church and we burned them at the stake. Can a non Christian go to Church? Is it okay for a non Christian go to Church, or is that considered rude? My Grandmother (who is Christian) used to take me with me her to Church on Sundays when I was a child, and just recently she started asking me to come. I'd like to go with her. She says there's no problem with me going, but I don't want to offend anyone if I go."
I mean that's the logical place for it. 2001-2004 Nissan Frontiers have it behind the alternator and oil filter in the middle of the fucking engine.
You can only have an opinion if it's correct and popular. What does a man have to do here to have his own opinions?
Psh you can totally own slaves and not be racist ... he was though.
Hilarious. That's what Reddit is for isn't it? Creating posts to complain about posts? I'm internetting right damnit!!!
"^ This guy gets it How 'bout ""Volvo pls....let me play the game, I just want to play some TF2 and not wait 30 minutes in your queue""?"
I mean its ONLY a Huracan This Lamborghini is used as a coloring station for kids in Dubai
"That's such a weird thing for Glenn Beck to say, he's usually a bastion of logical thinking. Glenn Beck: If not electing Trump means electing Clinton, 'so be it'"
A Hipster *would* have fun learning about antique pipe organs. I had fun learning this fact. Thank you.
The most unforgivable crime I kinda enjoyed a Mumford &amp; Sons song one time
"Yeah maybe the nice congressmen in the house will sympathize with federal workers lack of pay. Seeing as that 1% doesn't even match inflation, if anything it could be considered a screw you to employees."
"I'm sure we'll sign an adequate replacement if this happens! Diego Fagundez reportedly interesting Serie A clubs Atalanta BC, Torino FC and AC Chievo Verona"
"So what, hey you aren't really gonna drive that Ferrari 458 hard on the track every day, why I don't I just steal it and give it to somebody who will. That they weren't going to eat, just throw out. Refer back to top comment (or second) for OP."
Whoa stop with your anti-partisan bullshit! Not really. You can be socially conservative and economically left wing.
They should have used pocket screws. Two boards being joined together (x-post from r/oddlysatisfying)
"Is there a 60fps mod? As an Xbox1 owner, I would like to thank all people creating mods for the 662 mods (already) ported to X1. title. THANK YOU guys and gals. Peace."
Will i need a nuclear power plant to run it? Make sure your psu can handle it as well.
"But its just a cheese eating surrender monkey, not us enlightened redditors! A former coworker who is a Kenyan-American (of Oromo ethnicity) had his passport illegally confiscated (and threatened with destruction) by a French policeman who explicitly accused him and an Arab (he thinks, he's not sure) man standing next to him in line at the Paris airport of being terrorists with fake passports. He then proudly informed them that he knew that this was true, because he could look at them and tell ""where they were from and what they believed"". YUP TOTALLY RANDOM, HE SHOULD HAVE JUST LAUGHED IT OFF"
oh boy! Only 138 days until we get to do this again...
"What a surprise, impoverished/potentially poor women turn to prostitution to survive. More than 70% of UK sex workers used to work in healthcare, education or charities, while more than a third hold university degrees"
"Yes, distractions is exactly what the team needs right now... Faces of Blues Fans - a plea Greetings fellow Blues fans. I have lurked this sub for a while, and after last night I created an account for one purpose. I have created a twitter account called Faces of Blues Fans - @FacesOfBluesFans. The idea here is to submit a picture of yourself (preferably in Blues gear) and how long you have been waiting for a Stanley Cup. You can do this by using twitter or DM the twitter account. The goal is to have LOTS of Blues fans posting pictures with a HUGE amount of years eventually adding up to show these players how long we have all been waiting. An opportunity to win the cup does not come around often, and after last night, I feel like the players have lost sight and are already packing it in. Let's remind them who they are playing for. Right now there is not much to the account. Once we have enough followers and pictures, the twitter account will be linked to all Blues management, player, and media accounts that are available. I may be way off on this notion, but hell I am willing to try anything at this point. Please share. If this idea doesn't pan out, the account along with all associated info will be deleted. I'm not social media expert so any other advice or help is welcomed."
Clan level 11 confirmed! What do you mean clan perks....? There aren't any that increase the size of the CC
Such an intelligent comment. Amazing how much people want free speech until somebody says something they disagree with.
Infinite warfare. How many other tactical shooters were released in 2016?
Quality response. I sincerely feel for your dying intellect.
"That shows the supreme German engineering: broomsticks which fire through a rope. Its even better, in the newer ones you pull a rope to fire!"
"Make a potato salad What do I do with my old Xbox 360 and PS3? I ascended to the master race around the beginning of this year, and now I have these stupid consoles lying around gathering up dust. I have one Xbox 360 S, and a Playstation 3 Super Slim. My question I pose to this subreddit is there anything I can do with these bricks to enhance my PC experience?"
I am so thankful I can get another BJ Raji to start out next year Why MUT?
Looking a little tanned there Blake. 'Whisper Whisper' -
UFCW - What a fun union to work with where I'm from. ALRIGHT PHOENIX LET'S DO THIS
"shame, we could have used it to help make the minyan... Chrome drops app used by anti-Semites to spot Jews"
"i guess the internet connection on Mt Everrest is pretty bad sounds like a great use of your time, considering the devs don't read this shit"
"Yes, if you give me your name, address, social security card, mother maiden name, date of birth, and tell me your deepest darkest secret Is there any way to get free shark cards? Im broke and grinding is getting me no where but I cant afford shark cards"
"They are fighting for the state of islam! I am curious, doesn't the Geneva Convention only protect those who are active military fighting on behalf of a sovereign nation? If that is the case, then which nation are the terrorists fighting for officially? Germany? Japan? Iran?"
"You must be an anti-semite for even asking such a question or questioning the legitimacy of Israel Why was it OK that Palestine got handed over to Israel? I understand the Holocaust played a major role in the matter and that Israel technically was the Jews homeland, but if some guy came to my door and told me that my country to which I formerly had allegiance was no longer so, I'd probably have a few issues with it."
"only scrubs play shotguns Which if he looked at you the wrong way got him a one way ticket to headshot city. Also, if he's on a Window, shotgun in CQC or nitro cell to the face."
I blame the tax payers for not paying enough! You get what you pay for
The rest of the world is helping their plight by warming it up for them People living in Canada's northern territories live in near third world conditions and the government does fuck all to support them.
I can see why he barely makes that much in 6 months 600x7=4200
Well YOUR OPINION IS WRONG ^^I ^^actually ^^like ^^Maryland's ^^uniforms
HOW DARE THEY JOKE ABOUT PERFORMANCE ENHANCING DRUGS So this is why all of the VP guys were drinking coffee before the match!
Sounds like Mage Knight xkcd - Board game
"That would be a great way to build him up for the July 4 title match right? Finn. At this point, Breeze is better than him."
The suffering of our african brothers elsewhere in the world What happened to spark such hate?
precisely what we need Yes a new subreddit please.
"Well, it worked so brilliantly last time The NRFL makes a return! New website and you can now ""own a team"""
"Wow, what an insensitive racist! The UK will no longer tolerate the behaviour of Islamist extremists who ""reject our values"", Home Secretary Theresa May has said."
"Next on Fox, How Toxic Sludge is good for you Fox Guest: 'Fracking Is Actually Incredibly Good For Our Environment'"
"when im on a team and their sentence begins with an upside down question mark, i just know we're gonna win Can confirm Peruvians and Russians on USE and USW."
Because you are a bunch of pussy who didn't burn any car yet ! based on what the protests are about or just because they are American?
"Yeah, we should hate everyone equally! What reason is there to hate any specific ethnic/religion group? Usually it doesn't hold up to logical scrutiny."
"HEY, FLORIDA GEORGIA LINE IS NOT SHIT! That would be a good point if plenty of useful talent wasnt relegated to superstars. They dont even use the 3 hours of time for more TV time for wrestlers. Its wasted on meaningless shit."
Well hired inbetweeners are just as shitty as Flash inbetweens tbh They don't use flash. They hand draw the keyframes then get some Korean (I think they're Korean anyway) company to do the inbetweens.
"Oh it's designed by the Japanese, so it must be the best designs ever Freetel is bringing its Japanese-designed phones to the U.S."
Russia wins at all the drungs! Waste water analysis of illicit drugs consumption
"yes, because domestic american airlines are so profitable that they don't need goverment subsidies at all . my inner capitalist says no one thinks it is profitable my inner socialist says our government is a bunch of pussies ...both seem equally valid"
Blew my mind That's because I made it up.
"So, Nexus 10 in February then? New Game categories coming to Google Play in February 2014"
US only Didn't work for me
"It's the same reason why women accuse innocent men of rape, and straight girls pretend to be lesbian! What is this 'attention' that everybody supposedly wants so much of?"
"If only the 9year old had a gun to protect herself with 9-year-old girl accidentally shot, killed by her 3-year-old brother in Irondale"
"Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam! Woman Forced To Change Her Airline Seat Because Muslims Wouldn't Sit Next To Her"
I still find you insufferable. Seconding this. I definitely used to be verysmart. Not sure how anyone didn't find me insufferable.
Well stop staring at the shit and look at the skull and the L as well That's how I figured it out! Dude I could stare at that shit all day and never realize it's deadpooo.
Hey at least cancer is a pretty quick killer so we can save some money by not having to pay for them poories anymore Skin cancer removal costs to soar under Medicare changes
All the parts that supported American Imperialism What part of Zero Dark Thirty was propaganda? Can you reference specific parts of the film?
"He probably just wants to sniff it. ""Now can I have my ass pic?"""
"Yeah, that's definitely the same thing... We could use that same argument with terrorists and Islam... I like it."
"Thatso totally true and the reason we give billions in foreign aid every year to countries on every continent, is because Americans care about nothing other than America and western Europe. Or anything besides America and parts of Western Europe."
"But but i just need to say ""corporations are there to make money, not charity"" then all their sin are forgiven. It weird. Its like when given the choice between improving other peoples lives or adding 0's to their bank accounts corporations almost always pick to add 0's."
"Idk yo Manchester United might make a run this year it ain't gonna happen. It's a 4 horse race with Real, Barca, Bayern, and Juventus"
But.. the bottle says whisky. Yeah. Kentucky bourbon at that.
it's If this is clever the world is fucked.
"I'm just glad it was a ""not for profit"" hospital that ponied up the cash for this. Bon Secours Washington Redskins Training Center(tm) brought to you by Bon Secours (and the Richmond city taxpayers) releases official Bon Secours Redskins Training Center(tm) practice schedule."
Did u mean he'll use trigger or not? it all depends whether XANTARES will have a good day or not/if GPlay prepared for him.
"Nobody else's view of what America is counts unless you're one of those libtard socialists. Sorry. Did not know this was YOUR America. All yours, and no one else's."
But there's an anti-Clemson conspiracy that was definitely interference
"FUCK IT'S TOO LATE, WHAT DO I DO DOES ANYONE HAVE A HOSPITAL BECAUSE I CUT MYSELF AND AM AMERICAN DON'T CUT YOURSELF ON THAT EDGE MATE"
"Obviously, if you get enough karma points, yoshi-p senpai will notice you! why are you redditors so paranoid? i don't give a flying fuck about your karma points or w/e that retarded system is, and I definitely didn't downvote you"
Yeah I find it hard to believe people can have emotions for something that can be considered sad . . . Really?
Yeah it was only a few lives directly and thousands indirectly Just a year?
Clearly.. Clearly you didn't watch the whole video...
lol so random What can one do with only 2 cobs of corn and a dog who's on her period?
Very reasonable and logical thanks for adding this to the discussion. Shithead Mormons from Utah should be banned from the Senate!
Thats just a risk they accepted by agreeing to become a cop so they shoukd be okay with t Trying to seatbelt someone involves leaning over them. You can easily get some part of your face or ear bitten by a particularly nasty arrestee.
"Ya, you could have saved his life! YOU SHOULDA FUCKING CALLED"
"You forgot ""Jew."" It's all them damn ~~niggers micks wops spics homo's refugees~~ libruhls causing these problems."
YAY ANOTHER RUSSIAN REWARD TANK YAY YAY YAY Obj 268 Variant 5: CW reward T-10 with a 152mm gun
"It is because you are supposed to use down and B. Am I supposed to wavedash with Zelda? From what I know Zelda and Peach have the shortest wavesdashes in the game. Is it useful to actually wavedash, or is there some other technique that is useful on floaty characters with tiny wavedashes that I don't know about. Thanks in advance."
"Yeah, spam is really a great marketing strategy TIL: Cloud Apps For Small Business | Business Collaboration Tools"
"knicks Which team has the best Chemistry? Also, which team has the worst and why?"
"*tips Pharis' hat* m'undead Le gems to you my scholar and gentledude xD To the man in the crystal armor... I am quite sorry that your victory over me was sfort as my poison killed you, but good fight my good sir."
"It probably sounds better than ""Hey, mom, this is my fuck-buddy."" So apparently we're dating now?"
"Hey at least OP wasn't a Muslim, amirite? He said ""big league"" fucking dumbass, youre so unfunny it hurts"
"did u forget I really wonder if kennys is hacking... He hits insane shots, and technically He Can cheat since everyone Will just Think its because He is good"
"~~yes, especially you, evan.~~ There's a special place in hell for people like me."
"You prolly ugly af though. Woman here. Not interested in salary, it's none of my business. Not bothered about height. I swipe left to anyone with their top off. Dick size should be a surprise. I swipe right to: Men who fill the about me section in. Display a modicum of humour. Have a range of photos (i.e. not all mirror selfies). Seem friendly. Seem to have the same interests. Have beard and tattoos (personal preference)."
We don't mention the 5th around here not 5th?
OH MY GOD IT'S A PENIS THAT'S SO FUNNY So Apparently I Have Hard Water.
"you forgot the /all report mumu plz, thx"
"Maybe one plus will raise their price to a flag ship price too. So, taking this theory further, as an Android enthusiast...what is there for me now?"
"Your cheats are automatically corrupting them All my replays are corrupted I verified my game cache, but all my replays are corrupted even after I redownload them. Anyone have a fix?"
"Yeah who owns coats in Louisiana? Yes, and the fact that many children do not have the proper clothing to keep themselves warm in these kinds of temperatures while waiting for the bus, playing on the playground, etc."
Obama started the drone war! Quick! Someone call Alex Jones!!
"its men's patriarchy that enforces male virginity shaming, they are victims of the patriarchy Where are the SJWs when men are shamed for being virgins? Everyone loses their minds when a woman is called a slut or shamed for being fat meanwhile news outlets, television shows, presidential campaigns suffer no consequence shaming men for being fat basement dwelling virgins. Where are the social justice warriors then? Oh right they only care about women. It's not social justice at all."
Another example of how F1 is about developing tech for road cars Infiniti Enters The Next Phase Of Formula 1 Motorsport Development
"pshh, a scabrous retcon at best! Something something Eredar."
"yeah I am sure she was force feeding this thing... I wasn't going to say anything but I feel like I should now. Your comment here was unnecessarily harsh and judgemental. It isn't the dogs choice to be overweight. It's our responsibilities as owners to give them happy healthy lives. If you as a person are happy with being overweight and eating whatever the hell you want, then that's fine. All the power to you. But you get to choose. The dog doesn't exactly get a say."
"More likely to be married to women? TIL men are 2 times as likely to get cluster headaches, that's quite interesting. I wonder why"
"The graphics look good man, but you should make it nighttime I Made the Flight From Alcatraz to PaP on MOTD Last Weekend (IRL)."
This is why us Europeans don't like you and your guns... The NRA rewrites classic fairy tales
On Xbone you also get the benefit of HDR and cinematic 30fps. I wonder if this is the same for the XB1 version? Cos it's a damn miracle that splitscreen exists in this game considering how MS dealt with it in the other popular 'known for great splitscreen' franchise.
Asthetic reasons XD well that does look very nice Asthetic reasons or airflow most likely.
"Doesn't matter, he was on SSW and they won worlds I can't believe I forgot Jankos! :~: Looper best top laner S4. I have so fucking tilted. I'd argue the NA tops were better than Looper."
Good thing Japan is doing so well economically and has such great fiscal stewards. 2020 Tokyo Games budget estimated at $15 billion - That is 6 times as much as what the organizing committee initially estimated.
"Yeah, because why should technology advance if you don't personally see a use in it? I can't even tell the difference between 720 and 1080, this 4k shit can just stay not a thing."
but it might hurt their feeeeeeeelingz! Just dont bother tip toeing at all. Say what you mean to say and let ultra sensitive people feel how they want.
Ok I guess every Jagex employee should just quit Just give up :/ you guys will never win
"Mercury, Kali, and Nemesis threesome confirmed. I got some sexy Jungle-Stats"
Pls be I think you're being too trusting. This is why I never see a doctor. God will heal me.
"Probably an anlienwarez Cheapest PC that can run MGSV at 60fps with medium graphics? So, I'm really fucking hyped for MGSV but my current PC (which is a prebuilt that I HIGHLY REGRET BUYING) isn't powerful enough to even run it at all. I was thinking of just playing it on my 360 (which I haven't used for MONTHS) but then I remembered how much I hate 30fps. (also fuck paying for xbox live) Can someone show me the cheapest computer parts that can run MGSV at 60fps (not including ram or hdd as I already have those)."
Only those who pay taxes will get reservation. And when will we get our reservation?
"Nah, the webapp should only be used to buy packs and make EA more money. We should be able to relist players on webapp I understand the problem with webapp for buying players, but we should be able to relist players we've already listed on the transfer market when they've expired. It's annoying to have to wait until I get home to relist players."
Im sure those people basking on the boats love getting droned. Awesome Drone Video of Chicago
"Sound reasoning. Admittedly I only tried that portion of the game as well and I came back with the same thoughts. I was a huge fan of RCT back in the day, but I just had to stop and uninstall Screamride. If riding the coaster was that boring I felt I'd gain no joy from building one."
"I'm glad someone has standards In Nujood's case (the most famous, there's a book) her father said he made the man who married Nujood promise not to touch her until she menstruated. He of course did not wait."
Yeah fuck you Well fuck me for falling asleep and checking r/baseball first thing when I wake up.
"Fine blame the victim Here's a thought, train your soldiers to not post geotagged photos on social media."
Is it that hard to tell OF COURSE I'M BEING SERIOUS I can't tell if you're joking
"At least there are no double standards towards victims, both men and women victims are equally ostracized The worst part? Half the country will dismiss this saying ""*He probably enjoyed it.*"""
I've never seen this one before... Perfect girl at the gym
Maybe he would ask the attacker stabbing him if he could stop stabbing to settle a trial just for a minute? I wonder what his reaction would be if he got stabbed.
"Wait for 1.4 /thread Best thing to do after level 30? I recently hit level 30 yesterday for the first time mind you. I hit it then helped my friend hit 30 which he is now, I have a gear score of 115 and his is mid 50s. What is the best thing we can do now? We were messing around in the DZ last night collecting sealed caches, is the a good idea? Or, should I go through the UG? What about incursions, what are they about and what's a gear score to get started with them at? I'm just trying to get some of the best gear before 1.4, Any help at all? I'm on PC"
Figures. Her dialogue makes her sound black...
"Despicable fatty Toughness is built upon losses, not victories."
"Pls I'm ready for next years pumpkins to hit the shelf already Seems a little early for these, but okay!"
This happens for me too on PC... aiming on console in a nutshell.
But there are so many beautiful scenes along 95 and 295.... That's on your way to work? Good lord I need to get the hell out of Rhode Island.
"But but guns are spooky! Fucking idiot, that's the most ridiculous statement I've seen today. You are more likely to commit suicide WITH a gun if you own one, that's an obvious and fair statement... but owning a gun in no way, shape or form makes you more likely to commit suicide generally. Those are two VASTLY different things. It's bullshit like that statement that makes us on the pro-gun side tell the rest of you to fuck off... you don't have the base intelligence to even be having the conversation."
Some people just don't appreciate art. My eyes are crying blood
"How dare he tell stuff about Hhh that we don't agree with! Punk is such a quietter, right? Here's to not listening to the podcast!"
"Nah, he's just an asshole with an overinflated ego. Ramsey is the real deal"
Because they are the best ever at everything so anybody better than them must be cheating. omfg... so many people been claiming hacks lately idk why besides X__H
"In his defense it does say ""From: Hillary"" You could give a Trump supporter a random piece of paper with random incorrect anti-Hillary stuff written on it and they would consider it proof."
"You are wrong OP, don't you know that every successful and great coach in every major sport was also the best and most successful player back in his day? You Don't Have to Be Good at CS in Order to Understand It I have seen a lot of people recently talk shit about lower ranks and freakazoids pov on warowl and how bad they are at the game etc. I've made this point a few times but I feel like the majority of the community still doesn't really understand what I'm trying to say. If a silver gives an le advice, and if it makes sense, then don't tell them ""go fuck yourself and get good before you try to tell me how to play."" In my experience, sometimes there will be silvers that know what they are doing, but they just don't have the raw talent or skill in order to pull it off. Same thing with warowl. He is by no means a professional player, but he still understands the game. He knows what should be done and the right way to do it but nobody will always be able to pull it off. And also, if you are last alive in a 1v1, for example, and you end up losing and then your teammate on the bottom of the scoreboard tries to tell you what went wrong, listen to him! He saw what happened. Just because they don't have the ability to get as many kills as you doesn't mean that he's a clueless idiot. Last, but not least, don't be disrespectful or rude when giving advice or telling someone what went wrong. Flaming doesn't help, and ends up pissing everyone off. TL;DR: Don't be an asshole to people telling you how you can improve."
This is why crime statistics in the hood are almost non-existant. That's a benefit of living near the ghetto. All the thieves and hustlers already live here...they don't shit where they eat.
"But adults cannot tell what is right and wrong, fact or fiction in a video game and there are plenty of people that will ~~un~~helpfully explain it to you. That's part of the argument against video games causing violence. Kids are impressionable for sure. But most kids can differentiate between right and wrong &amp; real and fantasy. When I was a kid I played Medal of Honor and God of War and a shitload of other violent games. The only game I ever tried to emulate was Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 4. I tried skateboarding for about 38 seconds and then gave up."
"Canada, Sweden same thing What about Detroit?"
"But all SEA players are terrible scrubs, reddit told me so. Mafia and mOOnGLaDe have been KR GM as well."
"Nope, no ""social media outreach"" going on here. Yep, funny how this place went from worshiping at his feet to suddenly calling him a political hack/idiot/etc just because he dared to go against Queen Hillary"
Utter devastation and complete collapse of their economy. Any predictions on the results?
"Intel puts their CPU's in cardboard boxes, 0/10 Today, I made a pilgrimage to Meccacenter. I recommend every master racers to do so at least once in their life."
"As a short guy: I hate you. It doesn't mean they thought she was pregnant. People have told me that a LOT, since HS, because I am female and 6'2"". People are really intrigued by tall folk, especially in couple form, and they like to point out the obvious."
"No, you're the only person in the world to see this article. Has anyone else come across this Destructoid article?"
Smith for McDavid confirmed I doubt Arizona let's their go for cheap
Did you ever stop to consider that maybe this is the reason he founded his warm clothing company? This is just a tad bit ironic
Good reply You're a moron baby.
And warrior.... Same with Hunter
"Yes, I recognise it from somewhere... ah yes, Civ 5 I swear I have seen this guy before. Any Ideas?"
Dota imba Best custom games to learn new heroes?
"because the suicidal person obviously did it impulsively, without a though to how it would affect others Everyone who has ever said that suicide is a victimless crime should read down this page."
"And somebody with an actual personality or a backstory which isn't basically just a veneer of baggage to propel them through the narrative might have a more complicated relationship with the world in question than wholesale monster murderer, which would take a fair amount of work on both the writers' side to pull off and the players' side to internalize, while cutting into the constant pulse-pounding action gameplay! It's because it's that strange crossroad between the game character as the neutral mask window into the story of a new universe (important for Sci Fi and Fantasy stories) and the game character as the male power fantasy for narrative purposes in more narrative driven games. So basically what they are saying is any deviation messes with their comfort zone that every game panders to their specific fantasy of being that guy."
"Reddit isn't totally biased against veganism! Or they could have gotten a vegan cake and then everyone gets cake, yay!"
"Maybe the student would realize this if they read a book instead of hacking into school systems! That sheriff needs to be out of a job after the next election. I'm no conspiracy theorist, but that's ""1984"" thought crime level shit right there. Wtf...."
But false rape allegations don't hurt nobody. In high school I broke up with my girlfriend so she started a rumor that I raped her and that she was pregnant. She was from a neighboring town and managed to get about a dozen people to skip school to try to find me at my school to kick my ass. I spent about 2 weeks dodging people trying to jump me before she was finally forced to admit it was a lie.
Did you? I clearly meant the only MLB team in Canada.
"the NBC5 cameras just might help in the instance. Without a ticket, how do you know what time the car was parked and the person walked away? Not talking about this instance as there were cameras and she saw him standing there and everything, but I'm curious how that law is enforced."
"Shit like this is definitely how we move forward. Group photo of Dem interns shows diversity, unlike Ryan's GOP pic"
But if they score its not my fault the game obviously screwed up When you're usering the defender and blow your coverage and you know it's going to the house
"Enjoying the lack of drug-testing already, Speedy? Speedy Noil and Darian Claiborne were with Golden when he was arrested, ""Claiborne 'became very loud ... complaining that this was going to ruin college football career.'"""
Yeah I'm so over the moon that he's on my team He's one of the nicest and down to earth people. Would do anything for a fan. On-ice and off-ice are too different things. This coming from a team that ice's a lineup consisting of Dan Carcillo.
I think we need a we hate Tyrone post for taking away his game. What does this mean for James?!
"damn, sick analysis Except the Fnatic effect was relying on Reignover and Huni to carry them, TSM is beating the team with Reignover and Huni. This iteration of TSM is the strongest Western team there has ever been, I say that with no doubt in my mind."
Maybe then you'll have a friend Aluneth because I want to it to suddenly talk to me.
"No, the world's biggest military force is just going to sit back and watch as we obliterate their trillion dollar artillery with our wakas and gun toting koalas. So the USA is going to fuck up NZ in a defence thingy and then Australia too if it tries to intervene?"
"Oh my god a single wire, the whole thing is complete shit now! But..wires"
It's nice to see completely unbiased articles It's Time Sane Republicans Realize That They No Longer Have a Political Party
This is offensive to diabetics who can't have candy. I was looking for a St Patrick's Day shirt when I randomly came across the perfect shirt for us.
"Basta che le donne mussulmane svizzere inizino ad indossare i caschi integrali o i passamontagna Basterebbe dire che ogni individuo deve essere identificabile, ma invece hanno preferito fare la leggetta discriminatoria acchiappa-voti."
"Gin is Pudding in disguise Shower thought on Gin So what if Gin has been helping the Vinsmokes look for Sanji thinking it was what Sanji would want and then ends up helping Luffy at the wedding or something like that, maybe something like Bentham after Alabasta perhaps, I'm drunk and thinking it's plausible, ideas?"
I bet you're fun at parties. That being dumb is cool.
[[Ball of Spiders]] It's an amazing card. Seriously 6 mana 3 bodies?
"25% if you ask the ""professional"" servers.... How much to tip at Ottawa restaurants I used to work in the food industry, so I know all about how important receiving a tip is. I'm currently dating and having a lot of fun, so I've been going out to a lot of different restaurants in the downtown core. With the recent increase in the cost of food, it seems that the restaurants in Ottawa are a lot pricier than they were a few years ago. As such, I'd like to know, what's an expected normal amount to receive as a tip after a standard dinner? Let's say the dinner costs $50 for two people. Would $5 be enough or would you assume the guy cheaped out? Same for a haircut. What's a decent rate to tip your barber/hairdresser? If you respond, please let me know if you receive tips at your current job. I'm curious to know what someone in the industry feels is a decent tip to receive. I'm not a cheapskate and I don't mind tipping. I'm just a little out of date, since I haven't received any tips since the 90s :) Thanks"
"No, it's beg. Marvel's Daredevil Season 2, Episode 1: ""Bang"" Review"
Must be neo-nazi fascist. The ex-Israeli soldier who led a Kiev fighting unit
"Damn, those insults are hardcore. Same here. He calls every once in a while to say""fuck your mother. Mother stupid fuck ass"" It's been two years since I first fucked with him. I wonder if it's the same dude? Heh."
"Oh, us iPhone users don't need things like your ""advanced settings"". On my nexus 6p, there's a toggle for wifi-preferred or cellular-preferred in the WiFi calling settings"
But realism doesn't belong in games! Same here speed is the strength I've never seen a humvve survive an Abrams shell.
"Reported for smurfing :^) Trying to make a new account, but nothing happens. So I decided I wanted to make a new account as I'm fairly bored of my EUW one. I thought I'd try and make one for the NA server but every time I fill in the info and press 'play for free', nothing happens. Do I really need someone from NA to make me account? I'd appreciate any help"
"Then England will petition to join and it'll become a Great Britain under Scottish and Irish rule. Theoretical map of the ""Celtic Union of Ireland &amp; Scotland"" (If Scotland &amp; Northern Ireland were to leave the UK and join with the Irish Republic in a new union or federation)"
Google Maps vertelt je inderdaad wanneer de stoplichten groen worden. Want niemand heeft makkelijk toegang tot google maps tegenwoordig. Dit was nuttig 5 jaar+ geleden.
Sounds legit. web developing training in bangalore
Good thing they are wearing black to keep cool in such a hot climate. Women from Kuwait waiting to vote.
"I think for most work environments, being in Reddit is not safe. How is this nsfw?"
"Wow, who would even buy a last gen Glock in the first place? Remember those $600 Glocks? It was only a matter of time."
"and pedestrians should also pay for the privilege to walk on the sidewalk. And cyclists should also pay for the privilege to cycle. If it is good for the goose, it is good for the gander."
Who's Rob? Poor Rob
"The totems were persecuting them, obviously... Christian activists cut down Korean totems that were gifted to the city of Saint-Petersburg 12 years ago"
Can I watch? Yes.
But but but but its too late! Source: Lance Stephenson has been traded to Memphis
"Well, ""Mitt"" is not a bad name for something you put on your hand, like a glove puppet; ""Tagg"" sounds like a hanger-on, so I think we should leave their names as they are. His name is Mitt and he named his son Tagg? What kind of names do these ""people"" choose from?"
As a parent... I'm just saying that.
"I guess he just loved his country too much. TIL in 1991 highly-decorated USMC pilot Colonel Sabow was about to expose the use of U.S. military bases as hubs to smuggle weapons to Latin America and to bring drugs into the U.S. Instead he promptly ""committed suicide""."
"I'm not getting worked up over anything... I just think it's dumb as hell to call your mom or dad a parent, what's the point? I'm not getting worked up over anything... I just think it's dumb as hell to call your niece or your nephew a nibling, what's the point?"
Don't you mean your old friend OP? My friend is an artist who just discovered that some of his work was being ripped off.
Found the DJ! I pressed play
"As long as my news comes from some fly by night internet blog, I know I am right. You can't possibly be serious. This is like self paradoy"
"One is used in the new old 3DS, and one in the old old 3DS? o3DS used two different kinds of batteries?!"
"""Het zou ongetwijfeld een goeie zaak zijn ""Mein Kampf"" ""Uitspraken N-VA-mandatarissen verbieden zou moediger zijn"" Oh yes this makes the quote so much better. What a load of bullshit. Way to quotemine and rip out half of the meaning out of a 140 character message. Read the article before getting out your anti-socialists hateboners you muppets."
"haha so random xD A friend of mine had his wedding today. The Best Man is asked for the rings, the groom holds his hand out and the Best Man plays the ""I don't have them"" card. Everyone checks pockets...and no one has the rings. Then...this guy rolls in"
"Because he only raps about money and bitches. Can someone explain the Kanye hate? Seriously, I don't get it, what's with defeners constantly attacking him personally?"
"Deflate the footballs What can the Seattle do to score on Pats defense? One of the biggest keys to this game is how can the Seahawks move the ball and put up 7's on such a great Defense? I see the Seattle passing game already as limited. Seems to me that the Pats can simply key on the run and dare them to throw. They don't have a Gronk, Edelman. I am confident in the hawks defense but I don't think even they can keep the Pats down for long. And given that the Pats dont turn the ball over much, they're really going to need to do some things on offense. I just dont see what they can do that Bill isnt going to have am answer for. Wilson is good, but not great. Look what the Pats did to the likes of Rogers, Manning and Luck. Rogers did little against the Pats in the 2nd half of their game with some very good weapons. So im not sure what Wilson is going to be able to do."
I think you forgot the Cory Bernardi is a shining example of common sense and decency. He should move to the lower house and challenge for PM.
Obviously because they're just good 'ole Christians! Why are Republicans like this?
#cancelcyanide&amp;happiness (TW: Not Tumblr) Cyanide &amp; Happiness + otherkin + euthanasia = hilarity
Thanks for setting the Gerald Green expectation bar so realistically low for us Gerald Green 41 points (8 threes) vs OKC
"Well if anyone is in the position to list which path is sinful and which is righteous, wouldn't it be an archbishop? Archbishop 'told abuse victim to ditch sinful path' of litigation, inquiry told"
It's a hard life for ISIS with everything taken. They are going to destabilize the government...wait They are going to pollute the water...wait They are going to unleash a health crisis...wait.
"Not at all like reddit to up vote vigilante ""justice"". TIL In 2004, 200 women in India, armed with vegetable knives , stormed into a courtroom and hacked to death a serial rapist whose trial was underway. Then every woman claimed responsibility for the murder."
"quality post ""will this poll get posted on the sub reddit"""
That doesn't look like Davy Jones Lord of the Kraken by Steve Argyle.
Or one that can bring you some much-needed Jesus? Or one that can catch/throw a football.
Tim Howard? Aren't you forgetting a certain 4 times player of the year winner?
"yup he's just going to spend 3k while taking a break from college and streaming to travel to korea alone That just says hes going to Korea, he makes a lot of money from streaming, maybe hes just going for the experience of it. It doesn't say hes going with CLG."
Yes but next year is the Mayan end-of-the-world (really just the end of a cycle) so of course we have to end it on a Christian schedule Again? I'm still recovering from my last rapture party. Tell Harold Camping he needs to space these things out a bit more. No more than one per year.
wow sick burn luckily not many people care about the opinion of a depressed faggot
BUT IT'S OLOF SO THIS SHOT MUST BE IMPOSSIBLE TO MAKE BY NORMAL HUMAN BEINGS tbh I thought it was kind of meh
"If you leave now you should be able to make it in time Attending the semifinals tomorrow night? I noticed that tickets for the event tomorrow are FREE? But they also say First-come, first-serve. Any clue how early I will need to arrive to secure myself a seat? Thanks. Lets go OpTic."
"I'm too cool for that, I just turn on my parking lights. I can't believe this need to be said, but I have to. Seen way too many drivers with them off."
Because it's totally impossible that people aren't all pissed off right? Bullshit post is bullshit. The stream was pretty fucking awful.
At the time I checked my then gf's house to make sure she wasn't having company I didn't know about! Google Earth gives You the opportunity to go and see anywhere in the world... so what you do? You go and look at your house.
He's MVP though * 20th in passing yards * 15th in passing Y/A * 17th in passer rating * 28th in completion rate I think it would be difficult to say he has improved as a passer. What he *has been* is healthy and available. This has allowed him to be able to perform at his best because of that. He's a great QB. He still isn't a very good passer and may never be. Clearly he doesn't need to be to be good enough to lead a 10-0 team. His dual-threat and play-making ability is so strong that he just needs to stay healthy to have a big impact.
"they listened to Reggie Miller and you know how intelligent and unbiased he is There's always been a different kind of respect between warriors fans and Spurs fans. I can't believe there's a thread on the front page showing curry being fouled like crazy and the top comments are all ""that's just hood defense"". Like wtf?! Lol"
"""4K-quality photograph"" ~ GameSpot So i dug up this old picture... I'ts from when i built my first pc and it turned on and worked... The photo makes me feel warm inside..."
Since you upset him you mustn't be female or have glorious herpes. I posted something on r/badwomensanatomy... Someone was really upset.
"Hook up the coolant output line from the memory to a small turbine generator to generate additional power for the PC You mean steam cooling? At 115 Celsius, that's what it'd be. :-P"
"And they obviously don't hate gay people ""anti-gay Christians"" don't seem to have any other occupation than being anti-gay."
"Yeah, just like Arab countries steamrolled over Israel in all the wars. Are you stupid or uninformed? North Korea has twice the amount of active duty and reserve soldiers. No matter how well the South Koreans are trained and armed they would lose, quickly."
typical spartan fans only living in the past It's okay. You can have 2-9.
It's okay since he shows hatred towards Trump. Correct me if I'm wrong but didn't Mark Cuban also hide a shit ton of money to dodge taxes as well?
"Guess we should tell all those people playing sports for a living to fuck off as well then. Honestly. I don't think anyone should make a living off of a game. Go work, it's what normal people do."
"yeah, cause its impossible to know something about the game without being a pro player, am i right? LE thinking he knows anything about this game. :-D hilarious"
"if only everybody could be as mature as you Live in Columbus. Find it extremely creepy how hardcore fans are for 18-22 year olds. Seriously. They are teenagers, and treated like gods. I grew out of that once I hit 28. 50 year olds with nothing else going on in their lives have so much emotionally invested in kids playing football. Kind of sad."
"""DEATH TO ALL FANATICS!!!"" Jail all the farmers! And eat all the genetically modified, carcinogenic, lab foods!"
"Holy shit... This must be coincidence. THE CLINTON DEAD POOL The following deaths are all at the very least, extremely suspicious 1- James McDougal - Clintons convicted Whitewater partner died of an apparent heart attack, while in solitary confinement. He was a key witness in Ken Starr's investigation. 2 - Mary Mahoney - A former White House intern was murdered July 1997 at a Starbucks Coffee Shop in Georgetown .. The murder ...happened just after she was to go public w:th her story of sexual harassment in the White House. 3 - Vince Foster - Former White House counselor, and colleague of Hillary Clinton at Little Rock's Rose Law firm. Died of a gunshot wound to the head, ruled a suicide. 4 - Ron Brown - Secretary of Commerce and former DNC Chairman. Reported to have died by impact in a plane crash. A pathologist close to the investigation reported that there was a hole in the top of Brown's skull resembling a gunshot wound. At the time of his death Brown was being investigated, and spoke publicly of his willingness to cut a deal with prosecutors. The rest of the people on the plane also died. A few days later the Air Traffic controller commited suicide. 5 - C. Victor Raiser, II - Raiser, a major player in the Clinton fund raising organization died in a private plane crash in July 1992. 6 - Paul Tulley - Democratic National Committee Political Director found dead in a hotel room in Little Rock , September 1992. Described by Clinton as a ""dear friend and trusted advisor"". 7 - Ed Willey - Clinton fundraiser, found dead November 1993 deep in the woods in VA of a gunshot wound to the head. Ruled a suicide. Ed Willey died on the same day his wife Kathleen Willey claimed Bill Clinton groped her in the oval office in the White House. Ed Willey was involved in several Clinton fund raising events. 8 - Jerry Parks - Head of Clinton's gubernatorial security team in Little Rock .. Gunned down in his car at a deserted intersection outside Little Rock Park's son said his father was building a dossier on Clinton He allegedly threatened to reveal this information. After he died the files were mysteriously removed from his house. 9 - James Bunch - Died from a gunshot suicide. It was reported that he had a ""Black Book"" of people which contained names of influential people who visited prostitutes in Texas and Arkansas 10 - James Wilson - Was found dead in May 1993 from an apparent hanging suicide. He was reported to have ties to Whitewater.. 11 - Kathy Ferguson - Ex-wife of Arkansas Trooper Danny Ferguson, was found dead in May 1994, in her living room with a gunshot to her head. It was ruled a suicide even though there were several packed suitcases, as if she were going somewhere. Danny Ferguson was a co-defendant along with Bill Clinton in the Paula Jones lawsuit Kathy Ferguson was a possible corroborating witness for Paula Jones. 12 - Bill Shelton - Arkansas State Trooper and fiancee of Kathy Ferguson. Critical of the suicide ruling of his fiancee, he was found dead in June, 1994 of a gunshot wound also ruled a suicide at the grave site of his fiancee. 13 - Gandy Baugh - Attorney for Clinton's friend Dan Lassater, died by jumping out a window of a tall building January, 1994. His client was a convicted drug distributor. 14 - Florence Martin - Accountant &amp; sub-contractor for the CIA, was related to the Barry Seal, Mena, Arkansas, airport drug smuggling case. He died of three gunshot wounds. 15 - Suzanne Coleman - Reportedly had an affair with Clinton when he was Arkansas Attorney General. Died of a gunshot wound to the back of the head, ruled a suicide. Was pregnant at the time of her death. 16 - Paula Grober - Clinton's speech interpreter for the deaf from 1978 until her death December 9, 1992. She died in a one car accident. 17 - Danny Casolaro - Investigative reporter, investigating Mena Airport and Arkansas Development Finance Authority. He slit his wrists, apparently, in the middle of his investigation. 18 - Paul Wilcher - Attorney investigating corruption at Mena Airport with Casolaro and the 1980 ""October Surprise"" was found dead on a toilet June 22, 1993, in his Washington DC apartment had delivered a report to Janet Reno 3 weeks before his death. 19 - Jon Parnell Walker - Whitewater investigator for Resolution Trust Corp. Jumped to his death from his Arlington ,Virginia apartment balcony August 15, 1993. He was investigating the Morgan Guaranty scandal. 20 - Barbara Wise - Commerce Department staffer. Worked closely with Ron Brown and John Huang. Cause of death: Unknown. Died November 29, 1996. Her bruised, naked body was found locked in her office at the Department of Commerce. 21 - Charles Meissner - Assistant Secretary of Commerce who gave John Huang special security clearance, died shortly thereafter in a small plane crash. 22 - Dr. Stanley Heard - Chairman of the National Chiropractic Health Care Advisory Committee died with his attorney Steve Dickson in a small plane crash. Dr. Heard, in addition to serving on Clinton `s advisory council personally treated Clinton's mother, stepfather and brother. 23 - Barry Seal - Drug running TWA pilot out of Mena Arkansas, death was no accident. 24 - Johnny Lawhorn, Jr. - Mechanic, found a check made out to Bill Clinton in the trunk of a car left at his repair shop. He was found dead after his car had hit a utility pole. 25 - Stanley Huggins - Investigated Madison Guaranty. His death was a purported suicide and his report was never released. 26 - Hershell Friday - Attorney and Clinton fundraiser died March 1, 1994, when his plane exploded. 27 - Kevin Ives &amp; Don Henry - Known as ""The boys on the track"" case. Reports say the boys may have stumbled upon the Mena Arkansas airport drug operation. A controversial case, the initial report of death said, due to falling asleep on railroad tracks. Later reports claim the 2 boys had been slain before being placed on the tracks. Many linked to the case died before their testimony could come before a Grand Jury. THE FOLLOWING PERSONS HAD INFORMATION ON THE IVES/HENRY CASE: 28 - Keith Coney - Died when his motorcycle slammed into the back of a truck, 7/88. 29 - Keith McMaskle - Died, stabbed 113 times, Nov, 1988 30 - Gregory Collins - Died from a gunshot wound January 1989. 31 - Jeff Rhodes - He was shot, mutilated and found burned in a trash dump in April 1989. 32 - James Milan - Found decapitated. However, the Coroner ruled his death was due to natural causes"". 34 - Richard Winters - A suspect in the Ives/Henry deaths. He was killed in a set-up robbery July 1989. THE FOLLOWING CLINTON BODYGUARDS ARE ALSO DEAD 35 - Major William S. Barkley, Jr. 36 - Captain Scott J . Reynolds 37 - Sgt. Brian Hanley 38 - Sgt. Tim Sabel 39 - Major General William Robertson 40 - Col. William Densberger 41 - Col. Robert Kelly 42 - Spec. Gary Rhodes 43 - Steve Willis 44 - Robert Williams 45 - Conway LeBleu 46 - Todd McKeehan Not Included in this list are the 4 men killed in Benghazi. Not the kind of person I want in charge of my country."
Hmmm.... I'm Frying out trying to figure if you're being le derps *make* the story FFS
"Ah yes, poor torque and fuel economy, exactly what gm's 2 valve small blocks are known for If you enjoy less torque, power, and fuel economy. Two valve engines are hilariously outdated. Ask me how I know."
"Yeah, anyone accused of assault by an ex-girlfriend is a piece of garbage. These are great, but Shawn Oakman is a POS, and wouldn't want him on this team."
"You fool with your terrorist propaganda The word ""Algebra,"" is Arabic you fool. The first step to any higher mathematics."
"That last point was I disagree with that final point. The problem at its root cause is that we haven't overthrown the whole goddamn corrupt system yet. Voting Dems just makes the populous more complacent when the same bullshit goes down. If the Republicans ran away with the election in 2008 I wouldn't be surprised if the country was in the midst of civil war, successions, etc. And I wouldn't be surprised if the country would have been better off for it 2 years afterwords."
Irrelevant PC: Because writing an essay is easier on an iPhone. Whoever wrote this is an idiot
"Yeah, it's dumb to run background checks on potential teachers. Oh i forgot.., you get to be finger printed when you are hired! Awesome!"
Its great to see Britain become less and less Islamophobic London Council scraps pork from menus in all primary schools to ensure Muslim and Jewish children were not eating the meat.
"which is why we are already on Uranus, instead of feebly attempting to explore Jupiter a la Kubric's 2001: A Space Odyssey, right? We often overestimate what will happen in the next ten years, and underestimate what will happen in the next thirty."
"Are you telling me that cream colored ground and a white sky isn't an entertaining background? one of the most boring games in the series, its not very a good eye catcher either. Other slow songs are better, for example, Bossa Nova is slow song but the song is actually good and even then, the background is eye appealing like, there's a whale for Christ's sake"
"yeah, all those championships before the super bowl are pointless. He's 32 and has played ten years in the league and achieved nothing He never had a chance Comparing him to either is like comparing an empty cobweb ridden trophy cabinet to two that's got actual trophies in them."
Well I googled 'the cheap shit' hand creme and didn't come up with a whole lot! the cheap shit
"How dare you kindly disagree in a reasonable fashion, you monster! How to get banned from r/feminism"
terran players are just lazy Terrans need to learn to build ghosts and liberators : ^ ) also thats 9 not 16 if I can count correctly.
"Dust particles An analysis of the Tinley Park, Ill 31 October 2004 Triangle UFO. What's your impression?"
I love it when a girl can put her high heel in her ass. She's flexible below the waist
I told you guys the oneplus 2 didn't need nfc! Introducing Walmart Pay in the Walmart Android App
he missed the Smart comment. Don't know why the down votes!
Why do we care about New Jersey? New jerseys added as flair I have updated the flair to add the following players' jerseys: Zac Stacy #30 Tavon Austin #11 Jared Cook #89 Jake Long #77 Brockers #90 Ogletree #52 Johnson #22 McDonald #25 Kendricks #88 Pettis #18 Givens #13 Quick #83 DRich #26 Deacon Jones #75 If anyone wants new flair added just let me know. nhuff90
"Yes, because workers in industries without unions do fabulously well with wages and workplace safety. The unions will eventually screw you out of your own jobs."
"after Mustaine was kicked out it just wasn't the same man... I'm a big Megadeth fan, but why not both?!"
But imagine how great the dynasty would have been if you took Brad Selwood instead! Not a good draft for us. We still feel the consequences to this day
What a savage How the fuck is that savage. Stop overusing that word especially when it doesn't apply here
"if only we had more knife control 3 stabbed at London tube station in terror attack, police say"
"They have the new ""curve"" feature, which is great with skinny jeans! why"
"I like how the enemy can just choose that one attack that will always crit, yet we have to rely on stars. Worst RNG moments besides gatcha. Ok so taday while I was doing the hunting challenge, I felt like the entire game was against me. First turn my support (I was relatively underleveled) hot Triple critted from the beserkers and died. Second turn my team got triple critted AGAIN and one of my other servant died. Got a 90%/90%/80% crit chance on a rider. Not one single crit. So yeah. All this in just one battle makes me think todays luck for me must be a new rank below E"
"The Braavosi are white when they do something bad, PoC when they do something good! Can't believe I forgot about the escaped slave origin story! The Bravosi therefore can't be the Essos Master Race. :'("
"It was, like, *waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay* worse than Fantastic 4! I wasn't a big fan of the Martian either, but saying it's the worst movie you've seen is a bit hard to believe."
"Damn, these fallout graphics look like shit! Friends bought an old house. It came with a mostly functional cold-war era bomb shelter."
"Kinda like how CNN gets rules for reading wikileaks. They're police, they get their own rules."
So what you're saying is Trump is basically Hitler? I think there should be a new godwins law except for trump instead of hitler
"yeah that's certainly the vibe you're giving off here When they insult people like me for not agreeing with them? People like me who paid for my entire undergraduate and professional education myself? When they hate and mock my chosen career path (M&amp;A) because I'm supposedly just another white collar devil who only wants money and doesn't know what's really important? That doesn't bother me, that makes me laugh."
"You dropped the Nonononono dude, behind every champion there's a retard but me. A good ""stfu"" and ""you're noob"" can definitely make someone play better. Trust me."
I've been to 5 Weird Al concerts People often mistake me for Sam Rockwell from a distance I've accidentally ridden my mattress down the stairs Answer: [#2 is a lie!] What are two truths and a lie about you?
HAHAHA THAT'S SO FUNNY. This
"yeah, our players aren't good enough to win individual awards Wow, what a cursed franchise"
because competitive games need alot of horsepower 10k PC = Skill (x-post r/globaloffensive)
"of course, ""god will provide"" Because children are little miracles and it doesn't matter if you're unemployed when you have one, because life is a magical place where other people's taxes can pay for your offspring?"
"But wine isn't ""drinking"" that's for beer or hard liquor. I can just imagine her typing all this with a bottle of white wine sitting next to the keyboard."
That's a technicality. At home.
Now THAT'S an abomination punishable with death. Don't forget there's also the love between RG 01 and RG 02!
"Well obviously if the Jews you kill are Israeli, it isn't terrorism, it is a just struggle against colonial oppression. Bennett: How Can You Invite A Terrorist to an Anti-Terror Rally?"
"""Man after watching the stream with the chat telling people to Unsub from Achievement Hunter, I really hate that Funhaus fans literally think Achievement Hunter fans are dog shite"" Do you mean Bruce will come in guns blazing and then 5 minutes later back down because of ""people"" crying? Cause y'know that would be hilarious."
"And she has pointy knees too, right? Yo she needs a nose job stat definately a paper bagger"
Have you looked into adoption? Anyone have a good child psychologist recommendation?
"So you want an overpriced coffee flavor thats 90% sugar? Starbucks Flavors This is going to sound extremely white girlish of me, but are there any juices that have like a starbucks drink type flavor line up? Not exactly Starbucks, but what I mean is like a good coffee base with a few different varieties of secondary like vanilla, caramel, mocha, etc?"
"No, the ghosts there are the Byzantines TIL: most Turks living in Istanbul are ghosts."
Oh haha a taurus hurr hurr hurr Crossing Guard Gets Hit
[Triangle 17 prob: starting at the top going clockwise: 1 9 5 2 4 8 3 7 6] Help me solve these riddles?
"If you look very closely, you may be able to spot the homosexual agenda. San Francisco, California"
"""Yeah because I have that kind of time!"" 'Ya... But you can go to one of the 5 other bases in the area!' - MPF civilian helping me a few weeks back."
I guess all 5m citizens of Norway will really make a dent in that global warming with their electric cars! Electric car top seller in Norway for second month in a row.
"But Ray Lewis isn't a thug like Sherman is. He doesn't have the help and he doesn't perform as all , they go hand In hand. Just curious, would you have taken any LBer over Ray Lewis in his prime? because he was on a stacked defense too."
"Calling it: Michael's the Scranton Strangler. S09E24/25 ""Finale"" Discussion Thread ""Six months after the airing of the documentary, present and past employees of Dunder Mifflin gather for Dwight and Angela's wedding. In addition, everyone comes together for a final round of interviews. The episode will guest star Mindy Kaling, B. J. Novak, Rachael Harris, Dakota Johnson, Joan Cusack, Ed Begley Jr., Malcolm Barret, Matt L. Jones, Andy Buckley, and Michael Schur.[44] TVLine reported on May 6, that Steve Carell would appear in a cameo, although NBC declined to comment and Carell's representatives continued to deny the reports."" It's the end, guys."
"But the song is shit Fuck me .. i've been listening to this song 24/7 since it was released and i didn't notice the obvious ""Infinity Edge"" Reference"
"Miscarriages are part of god's plan It's a pretty bizarre way to feel superior to all those other people that don't know or don't believe in the magic words to say. Basically, fuckstick child rapist gets a free pass for knowing that he has to turn around three times and put a napkin on his head, but all the people that live in countries that don't have translations or lived before the availability of bibles are fucked. Unborn child? fucked. I do believe that's one of the reasons they really don't like abortion as general rule, as it's a very obvious example of (in their belief) a soul that isn't going to heaven. I have no idea how they manage to reconcile miscarried babies. Mysterious ways, probably. Don't get me wrong, I don't think people should get abortions for fun, but ruling every option out means there are bad situations made worse by lack of flexibility in choices."
"The entire last season was all a calculated ruse by Peyton to play badly enough to justify retirement, but just barely well enough to break Brent Farv's total yardage record, and win a Superbowl Obvious You're right. Why else would Manning retire when he was still playing at such a high level?"
Yeah I bet she's love it if you choked her unconscious... something that can easily cause brain damage or death. My girlfriend loves it when I choke her. Getting kicked in the balls is definitely an asymmetric response.
"But..but.. He was NICE! A friend in high school got dumped by a popular basketball player, so she tried dating her chubby nice-guy friend (fedora and everything) and he cheated on her the first chance he got at some con. The girl knew he had a hot GF and decided if she could make him cheat she must be hotter than the GF."
"The yellow 69 mission are main story and [Lester assasination missions, which don't have to be completed to beat the main story] Beat The Game, Only Completed 68 of 69 Missions? This a Glitch?"
"Not even a Titan X, not overkill enough. Specs: CPU: Intel i7 6850K @ 3.6GHz GPU: MSI 1080 Armor Series PSU: Corsair RM1000i Plus Gold MOBO: MSI X99A Pro Carbon RAM: Corsair LED 64gb DDR4 3000 HDD: WD 4TB Black 7200 SSD: Toshiba OCZ RD400 512gb Case: Lian Li PC-08WX Cooling: Corsair H100i V2 Fans: Corsair AF120 120mm"
"[Cut the pills in half and take 4 halves, one of each.] Probably a fairly simple one for the logicians of reddit, but it stumped me initially when I first heard it about a month ago. You are afflicted with a disease that promises to be fatal without the proper medication. Fortunately, you are prescribed two sets of pills that will allow you to survive another day, as long as you take one of each daily. However, if you take two of the same pill, you will overdose and die. On the last two days in which you need to take the medication (before you get a refill), you only have four pills left (two of each type). You clumsily drop the pills on the floor and, unfortunately, both types of pills look exactly the same. Therefore, you have four pills that all look identical, and will kill you if you mistakenly take two of the same type. You are unable to get in contact with your pharmacist, and you know of no one with a prescription similar to yours. Essentially, you are alone with your own prescription medication, and have no way of getting more until you've exhausted your supply. Put simply, there's no loopholes in which you can acquire more pills. So, the question is: How can you take your prescription correctly? In other words, how can you take your prescription medication and GUARANTEE that you will be alive tomorrow?"
"Police departments have used the intervening 20 years to train their staff to be more respectful to the general public. My criminal law professor watched 10 taped episodes of 'Cops' and said that there were, consistently, multiple mistakes the police made (mostly due to what he referred to as ""over-aggression"") that any street lawyer could use to get the arrestees off. That was well nearly 20 years ago. I can only imagine what it is like now."
"Nice analysis BO3, LAN KEYD is the better team on paper(imo) and should have this but it seems liek a 50/50 according to the odds."
"Well it's in the title, mate Icardi is a stone cold finisher. Even with his back almost facing goal i just knew he was going to finish that"
What a hero. Pope denounces euthanasia as 'sin against God
Maybe they're busy telling all blacks to condemn Milwaukee So why aren't white people condemning this murder? Let's hear white leaders talk about how terrible a tragedy this. Oh they're all silent? I guess all of you whites secretly agree with this and are glad an innocent young man was killed (using the same stupid logic that most redditors use in /world news)
Is this part of the 'rigging' he's been going on about? Trump: Iraq launched Mosul campaign to help Clinton
Can we has this so i can get some ez MMR supporting:3 Well his old passive.. If you cast a spell silenced for 3s
"No it was the consumers who didn't understand how forward thinking and innovative their ideas were. Yeah... so it sounds like he's still under the illusion that it was a communications failure, instead of a business strategy failure."
"It's the newest one, I would hope it's not worse than any of the old ones The 7 is the best phone they have ever made."
"See, children, Marijuana kills! TPD got a female pot dealer to pretend to buy a gun and about $15,000 worth of drugs from a dealer, then lost track of her. They found her in a ditch a few days later. FTFY"
HE CAN BUY LOTS OF FREE SHOES WITH HALF A MILLION. I for one am looking forward to the level headed and insightful comments that are bound to surface in this thread.
"So the Habs want to make it 11-1? GDT | Avs @ Canadiens | 5pm MST | Return of the Captain Balls out, Babriel Mandeskog is back"
"Lollll the fat lady puking her guts out is so ""normal"" Abnormals vs. Normals (Extremely NSFW)"
Dwight for Dragic. Rockets contacting teams about trading Dwight Howard
"If I was a conspiracy theorist I would maybe think negativity is promoted in this MMO subreddit and others, dunno who by though? What kind of dicks do we have in this sub anyway? Seriously, a guy asks if there's a way to pause his subscription because of an eye injury, and he's downvoted. I can understand not upvoting him, fine, but attempting to bury his post? There also seems to be some sort of downvote brigade that pounds two types of posts very specifically: Tutorial videos aimed at new players, and ideas that involve making the game more playable / accessible for weekend warriors. What happened to this sub? Have we become so divided that there are only 'hardcore' issues and everything else, and we're auto-downvoting whatever doesn't fall into our camp? That's a good way to kill interest in this sub, if not the game itself. A good general rule: If it doesn't interest you, don't upvote it. If it contains false information, breaks the rules, is misleading, etc., downvote it. And if it interests and entertains you, upvote it. tl:dr - There's no way a half blind dude asking for help on pausing a subscription should be at 20% upvotes."
"Anyone who disagrees with Krugman must be irrational and wrong! ""The takeover of the Republican Party by the irrational right is no laughing matter. Something unprecedented is happening here - and it's very bad for America."""
"Who cares about fighting games anyways? Guilty gear, USFIV, blaz blue, SFV, skull girls, all on ps4"
Remember to use The drawings gave me chills but the fucking stories. How do they raise a child like that!?
Totally That was a flop.
"I'm in Alabama, so it's a toss-up. Which candidate do you think your state is voting for in November?"
Most Hanzos wouldn't even be able to hit friendlies. Hanzo indefinitely
"OMG THE DETAILS AREN'T IMPORTANT STOP CONCERN TROLLING To be fair, these comments often mean ""can someone explain how they intend to get past the [cosmic radiation] problem?"" rather than implying that the other guys are idiots and really haven't thought about it."
"Okay you call him bud in one sentence and then you call him shit in the next, make your mind up. its okay bud i do the same thing all the time. read so many threads on reddit you start just skimming shit =)"
"My bad The first two words are, *fucking whack*. The bias is predisposing people to be opposed to it."
* Oh my goodness we really are all the same :) take that stupid racists!!
"I've heard Jared from Subway was way ahead of his time This is pretty interesting. These people could be the first people to ever do something that is done by tens of thousands of people worldwide, daily. And they are decades ahead of when it was adopted by the masses. I wonder if anyone is doing anything today, or recently, like this. That will become huge in decades."
Wow show off Bectas EX done!
We need to make sure that only the government and criminals have weapons so that things like this won't happen in the future. Looks like another case of a good guy with a gun stopping a bad guy with a gun.
Well I believe its slightly flammable. What's the big deal with lighter fluid? Is it dangerous to work with?
"LCS players are just stupid if they pick Caitlyn into Sivir trying to counter her, they obviously have no clue and should get coached by these geniuses. cait has 150 range on sivir and can out shove at early levels, sivir won't be able to touch her."
wow Im surprised nobodies posted this yet If you don't like the new CSS...
"Oh good, more off-body carry methods. Man purse, anyone?"
"Building a line is easy, just draft a few players, and pick up some UDFAs and boom, elite level line for 5-10 years. Are there enough 'great' offensive lineman in the league to go around? Being a Broncos fan, I have became more aware of what it feels like to have a less-than-adequate offensive line. It seems like if there was SOMEONE out there we would at least try to get them, but the options seem almost non-existent. My question is, if all teams had the cap space, and money, would there even be enough great offensive lineman to go across the league?"
"That's original When the Librarian indexed mankind for repopulation, she hid seeds from the Didact. Seeds which would lead to an eventuality. Your Phaeton. Your Technician Override. Even your Binary Rifle. You are the culmination of a thousand lifetimes of planning."
"But...but then there would be no rooms for rumored DLC characters! What a more ""organized"" CSS might look like"
"Srs hard hitting video game journalism where would we be without it Just asking objectively, how often does travis content make the front page anymore? I don't really follow him now since I've transitioned my interests into more serious, less fluff kind of league content so I'm curious how popular his content is? Off the top of my head, I cant think of the last time since I've really seen any notable work of his on the front page, again though its probably not something I would really notice since I dont follow him."
First one was not in US so does not count aren't you missing a ti there?
"Her daughter's boyfriends also apparently shoot straight... She's as trashy as you would expect... Talks about how she is glad her daughters shoot straight so they're ready for Muslim extremists, yay Jesus etc."
"Yeah he's the next Bill Walsh. I hear you, but are you saying you want Tomsula to get another year or 2 in SF?"
"One less troll on league, lock him up for good! Teenager jailed for months, faces up to 8 years in prison for a comment made in League of Legends."
"Nah bro, you will get a fair trial, you just have to wait for it in gitmo whilst being treated fairly, wouldn't take that long. It would be 10 years. But treating you like shit for 10 years in Gitmo obviously makes you more willing to commit some real terrorism, which is why you have to remain in gitmo and be treated like shit for the rest of your life. Which is not for you to decide if you should think of putting your self to an end."
Someone probably asked him how he felt about all these internet yahoo's crashing his birthday party. Someone probably went to take a picture of him and told him to smile or whatever and he flipped off the camera at the last second. My uncle does that all the time.
Cause pointing out common tropes means you've been triggered. You people are so easily triggered
"Because they're clearly incompetent, as evidenced by the fact that they totally forgot there were no medics before BW Why has Blizzard not hired this man!?"
mirror? So... Does this look familiar to anyone? (Look at uploader)
"But guys, Ron Paul is our savior! Far from being the exception, the undermining of constitutional rights is standard operating procedure under capitalism, regardless of which politicians are in charge."
That would make theology a *conservative* art? *Liberal* Arts
"Because shrooms, obviously. I just don't get Mario. Like, I already sit down a lot. Why do I need to play a simplistic platformer game to encourage myself?"
"Now no piracy at all! Are you a criminal now? Users may get 3-yr in jail for viewing torrent site, blocked URL in India : News, News - India Today"
Then just use all your Nornfangs Probably doesn't have an ultra banshee either...
"Great, witty, insightful comment... 2 wolves and a sheep voting on what's for dinner? GREAT IDEA."
"I'm glad these chemicals only effect bee sperm and not humans reproductive processes Leading insecticide cuts bee sperm by almost 40%, study shows - Discovery provides possible explanation for increasing deaths of honeybees in recent years, according to scientists"
Don't worry - the trickle down surge from all those lowest-taxes-on-the-rich-in-history should hit workers any minute now. And unemployment is still high...
It's for traction As a former Ironworker that set many many many steel columns and beams as depicted... these bolt patterns give me cancer.
"Didn't you hear, government jobs aren't real jobs? You mean we gotta pay people for their labor? Outrageous."
Yeah why the fuck are they helping terrorists? These individuals are fucking assholes.
Likely aliens or christ! Those outside in Philly- why did the sky just light up blue? It wasn't lightning or fireworks. Did anyone else just see that?
"Cascade (He Bo) What's the best/your favorite recolor skin? I haven't seen them all, but I think Anhur's is amazing-gives him a whole new and, in my opinion improved, look. Meanwhile, there's Bacchus, with a sash change..."
Spme of us would ratjer not have to use a mouse every 10 seconds This won't cause an internet war because it is self-evidently correct.
"But Windows 10 is FREE and GREAT Microsoft, you should NOT be upgrading our PCs without consent."
"Thanks Obama Life Expectancy In U.S. Drops For First Time In Decades, Report Finds"
"Basta che le operazioni in Libia non le comandi Graziani! Libia, nuclei d'assalto e sostegno dal mare: Italia pronta all'intervento"
"Clearly Cheeseburger needs to be in this main event discussion! Who is there that's a main eventer there? There's Jay Briscoe, Michael Elgin, AJ Styles, Kevin Steen, Adam Cole, and Chris Hero, but that's only 6 guys. Who else?"
"So was Jesus, and he *founded* Christianity! But...I'm Jewish"
"Take that, Flint, and quit your bellyaching! TIL sewage in the White House water supply is believed to be responsible for the deaths of 3 Presidents."
"I know, let's laugh at a distressed cat! Cat screams ""No!"" to bath."
Eh bayot ka pala eh... Nde mo kaya panindigan yung waiver na pangako mo dati... Duterte willing to disclose bank records up to 20 years but
You forgot that she's a filthy democrat and a dirty Obummer lover Based on his attitude and vocabulary I would say the fact that she has two x chromosomes.
Because that lifetime warranty is totally not worth it Monster cable
ffs such a rip of the 619 amirite? Finn Balor explains the new name for Bloody Sunday
"Completely unexpected punchline Salvation army I saw a man in uniform at the grocery store. ""Thank you for your service,"" I told him briefly. ""You're welcome,"" he replied ""Army?"" I asked after an awkward moment of silence. ""Yes,"" he said, ""Salvation."""
"dEy dint ned skol am edumikason? I'm sure their cuts are all in the name of the greater good of maintaining those glorious tax cuts, and the huge return will be flowing into the state coffers any day now. Aannnnyyyy day now."
my bad the like herbal supp?
He wants to run a suppressed revolver... Why that particular model?
Lets blame this on the Israel and USA conspiracy as a set up on Putin also. Russian Politician Boris Nemtsov Killed in Moscow / Sputnik International
"Simple because that would be socialism... and socialist are evil baby eating bastards. As a recent grad, this is infuriating"
"It funny becuz ur a lil bitch It's funny because he wrote ""fuckin'"" and ""God damn""."
"Fucking broken game, fuck EA! I just realized Supremacy and Walker Assault maps are completely different..."
How dare you use your brain! My friend (red) shared a post on facebook. I (green) called him out. He removed me from FB after this exchange.
You see Santa only visits *real* countries No Christmas in Slovakia again??? Why? We did nothing wrong...
"or they have to hire the tamil fellow who was looking after him in the first place[which must be so confusing and such a lot of paperwork.] White tiger moved from Chennai to Udaipur understands only Tamil, leaving zookeepers in a fix | Officials said either the big cat would have to be taught commands in Mewari or the caretakers would have to speak its language"
Holly Holm with the charisma! UFC 196 Embedded: Vlog Series - Episode 1
"Life is over pretty much sad day. 19/21 ppl are inside 2/21 are outside can't enter. guild decided to move on and BRF bosses are going down. i'm not fan of pugging because i believe the level of ""re.ta.rd.s."" are heavy. and i cba wiping because people stands on glowy pixels. i really hope we soon get some ETA. or else this whole fking hyped content raid is just going to be a joke as we just won't be avaible of progress mythic without having people proper geared etc. i just know now that i rather unsub than try to gear up 1 week later. cuz it's just unfair for people being outside now. i guess you can't do shit with ppl who can't join a guild run."
Yeah you are a rotten dirty scoundrel Am I a terrible person for thinking it would have been hilarious for that guy to just sweep the kid's legs at the end?
"Yeah, fuck respecting other cultures and not being racist Oh is that what this bitching is about? Politically correctness? Because yea, Im not a fan of changing what we celebrate because of ""being PC""."
"In case anyone was worried, Fox News obviously"
that's a woman This man had giant brass balls...
"no but guyz the dfg got removed so this is obviously a buff There is no fashion in which this is not a nerf. They essentially gave him a longer Q, which isn't going to be as useful for harassment in lane, and shorter W cooldown for gutting the E and taking a significant amount of damage off of the R. With the prevalence of movement abilities Veigar is going to be lucky to get an ulitmate off against his lane opponent."
"Yeah, that's my alt account. are you truth-and-madness?"
Good eye - he is saving those for the *dangerous* phases. He's obviously saving Convalescence and Bloodbath for something.
But climate change don't real though. Boston could see another 2 feet of snow in the next 10 days.
But girl - you need to *explore*. Young me didn't know the significance of the Facebook Poke. Lesson learned.
But losing your sovereignty to a trio of corporate lawyers is fine because the TPP is good for America. And why do you think they never signed/ratified that treaty?
"Check your privilege,shitlord Dying to support women is a privilege."
"so, stoned? Josh Gordon getting 1st team reps and Joe Haden says 'he looks the exact same'"
Anything not specifically mentioned by Jesus is left up to the states to decide There were a lot of things Jesus didn't mention. Does that mean they're okay?
"Common sense? I hear people say this but as someone who just recently started watching Arrow (about 1 week ago) and is currently on Season 4, I actually enjoyed S3 more than S2. This is typically considered heresy and treason though. What am I missing?"
Stupid white people always killing themselves. Black Power is Real -- Black people have a far lower suicide rate than white people
you for got the Not my fault people can't read blatant sarcasm.
"Great excuse for them to ignore the law entirely and intentionally violate peoples' rights The people's who's job it is to interpret the Constitution quite often disagree on what the founding fathers meant by it, can't really expect a cop to correctly interpret it every time."
But sinister 2 trailer looked bad so all horror movies since Nightmare on Elm Street must be bad Great horror movies come out every year if you keep your eyes open.
WOW......his headset must have been incredible! Whiff of a lifetime
Wow that image is so helpful BF4 server Y U LIE??? Says chainlink but it's Shanghai CQ.
*my* wedding cake tasted better on vinyl A DJs wedding cake.
She didn't have Crohns until she swam in that water though Crohns swimmer wins silver medal! Congrats to our fellow IBD sufferer Kathleen Baker!
"Thank god most other advertisements uphold the sincerity and morals the industry is known for. It seems pretty damn manipulative, and insincere to try and pull on the viewer's heartstrings like that just to sell surveillance cameras."
"Sounds like a responsible firearm owner. That's good. I don't know if you saw what he posted, but he said, ""if it were me I would've drawn on him. He was trying to steal my sidearm."""
"But the guys short obviously his masculinity is in question. Why did she even have to mention the fact that the (nonexistent) guy was 5'3""? Obviously she's implying that his height was deserving of ridicule. It's funny how these girls are constantly berating society for supposedly shaming fat girls, yet they mock people's appearances just as much - if not more."
"It's okay, Forbes says our job will be fully automated/extinct in 5 years so you won't deteriorate too much. The next string of professional's disability ... As funny as this is - I'm seeing an increase in the amount of work related injuries in the accounting/finance fields. Not necessarily readily apparent, but more long term. Have seen eyesight failing due to looking at screens for 9+ hours a day, carpal tunnel, and back issues. Kind of crazy -wonder what happens as our generation ages ???"
Someone who is *totally* not abusive. LOL. #notabusive Who does that?
"dont worry we'll get source 2 soon and it will fix everything! Can we just confirm that hit registration is still dreadful? That recent update a couple weeks ago that seemed to have made things awful in the way of connecting shots. Has anything been done or acknowledged? VALVE PLEASE. CAN'T TELL IF I'M BAD OR GAME BROKEN. I know 64 tick is a joke, but it is seriously feeling worse than ever recently."
"Until they then cool off and the bacon grease in thier veins congeal. I was on the great wall of China today. I'm a big dude, and it was hot as balls (41C with almost no wind and no clouds). I hiked 3 miles of that fucker. Fat people can do just fine with heat and walking."
"How dare the court assign xer a gender against xer wishes, just because xe doesn't have a penis. Another UK woman caught pretending to be male to sleep with 12 year old girls. Perhaps we need social campaign to teach women its not OK to rape just because victims gave mistaken consent? Wonder what feminists would make of 'Is this what a rapist looks like?'"
"Clearly you realize this is the first step in the march towards the inevitable government mandated chemical castration of ""undesirables"" Wake up sheeple. California Is About to Ban 'Personal Belief' Exemptions for Vaccinations"
"Here, you forgot this: Psychology tends to have brighter and more creative people, I doubt an engineering professor would have the creativity to pull a prank like this."
"No, it's awful when a woman wants to touch me. Is it ever weird when a girl feels you up? I feel like guys are more handsy (as in touching/feeling up the legs and butt). How does it feel if a girl is handsy like that? It kind of feels like a masculine action to do as a girl. And a bit feminine to be felt up? Am I crazy? I have no idea. Would love some perspective."
"Since we so called ""intelligent"" beings have never used religion to harm others, I can't forsee any problems with rhis. Religious robots: US pastor wants to convert advanced artificial intelligence to christianity"
Yeah sure Eurobro enjoy your bars being full of children all the time must he amazing Still can't believe America's legal drinking age is 21 Here in my country it's pretty much when people stop partying lol and you guys just started weird af
"The beetus is so adorable, we should all become insulin resistant Aw. How cute! Fatty thinks lack of self control is *adorbs*!"
"Yeah, it's better when they wake up halfway through. on behalf of mankind, thank you for not having sex with a passed-out chick. call me crazy, but sex is just way better when the girl is conscious and not just indifferent to you poking her."
obiviously bill gates so what exactly is Felix's real name? has anyone managed to hear what locus said yet?
No console plebs! Does anybody have a list of commands for optimising AC through console?
"Well, there seem to be several pesky clauses in the constitution... Apparently my state doesn't believe in the right to Free Religion. Assholes."
I'm really surprised PPD Supports Trump
"Cuz Muslims are dum or something and are really just the pawns of the jews Why would the Jews want to replace the white Christian nations with brown Muslim ones given that the latter are more dangerous to them. It doesn't make sense. (You already know that, of course)."
"Comes with a water tax in California California, not Michigan."
"Because true fitness can only be attained through squats, oats, and more squats. May I ask why you think this? I'm not challenging you, I'd just like to know."
Actually I believe he is the cloth container in which douches are kept. My God is Bill a douche.
"Well, we know Obama gets everything he asks for, right? Obama asks FCC to reclassify broadband as a vital service"
"Bro, didn't you see he's leading the postseason in steals per game. Ariza may be off recently, but it will be a cold day in hell when Korver can play defense half as well as him."
"Noooo, you can't be such a bigot, stooooop. ''it doesn't happen to me therefore it isn't real'' fuck off mate"
*ragrets No regrets.
"Hey that penny means something. Managed Service Providers love that kind of client......That much paper probably cost $1.50, .025 cents a page, costing the client $7.75....probably tree-fiddy to the copier sales guys pocket and a little over minimum wage to the tech.....hey at least is wasn't full color full page internet articles or coupons or recipes....."
Yeah a well informed electorate is one of our strengths. The punters tend to be pretty good at picking these things.
"Wow, who would've expected something like that to happen Crucial SSD order in UK: correct size came"
"yea, thats a real likely scenario Sounds like a good way to get run over if the driver doesn't see you standing behind his truck trying to scan a code"
"I""m afraid a lot of our feet would still drag Hey I found a the perfect sized horse."
"Yup, false and *completely* homosexual. Yeah, fake and gay"
"Have you tried opening a new sticker capsule ? An issue with your computer is blocking VAC Please help... I get this message daily now and its really annoying, i did all of steams fixes yet none seem to work for me. Thanks."
"Yes, because literally every cop in the area is a sadist who jerks off to the thought of murdering hobos. Yeah call more and let the beatings continue. No, someone needs to call a napalm strike on these fuckers' precinct of hate."
JUST PLAY THE GAME FOR FUN WHO CARES ABOUT BEING RANKED IT ONLY ENCOURAGES BAD MANNERS YOU SHOULD BE WORKING TOWARDS IMPROVING YOUR OWN SKILL LEVEL NOT A NUMBER IN A GAME Recently started playing LoL ranked again after getting to very high in dota 2 (play both still)... I just like working towards something.
"yah man, people HATE that guy. It worked so well with Clinton."
"Yes because whenever I picture Iroh, a image of a killing machine comes into my mind Dragon of the West by mase0ne"
"If you don't like the politics in your country, why don't you leave? If you don't like the thoughts/opinions/jokes of Redditors then why are you here?"
"Woo, by the time a real jailbreak comes, my iPad Air 2 will run Wind Waker at 60fps Dolphin Emulator on iOS"
"Aye fok u mang I'm eate an i kno haow a vageena works an ya mothas dont. Oh really, xbox one, oh really..."
"God Dammit bring back Graziano! Jordan Ranaan: ""It appeared as if the entire Giants 53-man roster was practicing. Leon Hall, Darian Thompson, B.J. Goodson all back. Giants amazingly healthy."""
"Just another rogue team, this does not represent the entirety of the US Army, and does not justify any type of violent response from locals How was this not big news? ""Court Hears of U.S. Unit Killing Afghan Civilians at Random"""
"But, he's like got a beard and doesn't wear a tie and is all like, edgy and stuff. If wanting to give away British peoples land to foreign powers isnt a threat to national security then I don't know what is."
"Veigar can 100-0 with a point and click ability, gg nurf veigar no counterplay That's like saying the ""!"" is counterplay for a 5 item rengar. Just because there is an indicator doesn't mean Annie won't flash 100-0 you. At least make it a window of time in which she can flash and 100-0 you."
"Yea, it really looks fantastic from the ankles up! The sandals ruin it."
Ya I heard MBA's are always in high demand! We don't need that money anyway. We graduated college! We have great jobs and make great money!
It's a centuries old document with no relevance to the CURRENT YEAR! fucking idiot... the constitution has no place no politics
"But hey, it's better than dishonor! So her *loving caring family* has condemned their daughter to a lifetime with this thing, this criminal, this evil?"
"Beaten by STEM logic again Acshually, the European and the African continent have been slowely moving towards each other for some time now, making Europe and Africa one big landmass in the future. Checkmate SJW's"
"Wait, it didn't become a blood bath? They legalized conceal carry in Chicago, so crime is at an all time low for the place."
"Yes, but when a man rapes a man he's pretending his victim is a woman therefore women are the real victims TIL the number of men that get raped in America is higher than the number of women. The reason? Prison."
"Yeah because sakurai is the only person at Nintendo making good games. I don't understand why people bitch so much about Sakurai. - Nintendo NEVER made competitive games. Maybe, maybe Pokemon (which is going full CoD). Why you guys think that the next Smash will be something close to PM? - The amount of details, content and quality in Sakurai games is ridiculous, even compared to other Nintendo games. If Sakurai is not in the next Smash game, forget about all the absurd polishing that the series had so far."
I think you dropped your Who all is waiting for this to come out on PC?
"Yeah, exactly like Titanfall. I don't care, I just worry about the console in general. I know they say support for both, but it's getting a little concerning. I just worry that the PC community will be so big that it will outshine the console itself. Like it will become the bastard child."
Can't tell if I thought Ryhorn was the first pokemon???
"But that would be an abuse of power and twisting of legal interpretations for their own end? I've heard stories of police cruising pub carparks, flagging all the plates and then ""randomly breath testing"" any car they happen upon later on."
This just has Microsoft PR slathered all over it. This is my day
"well look at mr hunger games over here As mainer, can confirm. Had no need for a babysitter by the time i was 10 years old. I knew how to start fires and feed myself and tie knots and shoot every gun I could get my hands on. Responsibly, of course~"
"But that's how I get the grip on my Deathadder! To be fair, would you want to touch those sweaty neckbeards? He doesn't want to get Doritos dust on his hands."
"Because they didn't know it was going to happen, silly! Why don't people pray before a tragedy to prevent it from happening? If prayer works, why not pray before a tragedy like a mass shooting, airstrike on a Doctors Without Borders hospital, mass flooding, airline crash, etc. to prevent it from happening rather than praying after the fact? Seems like the logical thing to do if prayer works and God is listening to prayers."
"This card consistently beats the 970 in benchmarks, I think you meant 3.5gb 3 GB of vram, you really should go for a 970 if you're looking for a GPU in this price range."
"""I wasn't *mean* to her so I can't be sexist!"" I think part of the problem is that so many people in those fields like to assume that they already *are* past that kind of thinking."
"No man, it's about free speech. And this is all over precious internet points."
"Oh no, the patriarchy has gotten you too! There are many that some people in particular hold. That person can be summed up in one word.... Feminists."
"Yeah, same with that pesky free university education thingy that Gough brought in Well, having a national broadcaster was nice while it lasted."
"surely that stops young people from smoking just like the drinking age stop young people from consuming alcohol. I'm from New Jersey and live in New York, notorious red states. You have to be 19 in NJ and 21 in NYC to buy cigarettes"
Obviously pandering... Kinda like how Sanders was an independent and then became a democrat to try and be president
"Maybe you should stop being wrong all the time People who jump into conversations just to correct you in the most rude way possible. I have a friend in our group of buddies who has done this so much that some of my less learned friends try to speak in broader terms that can be generally understood so as to not be attacked over getting the specific term wrong. And half the time he is ""correcting"" he has no clue as to the context of the conversation so he just sounds like an asshole. He straight up yells ""STOP, its not called this its called that"" and when you try to disagree because he isnt right he just repeats the word ""STOP STOP STOP, listen, STOOOP Ill get it for you."" Its a fucking horrible habit he wont break no matter how times we beat him down over it but other than that he is a great person and friend."
My thoughts on the odds are that they're about as good as the opinion polls. Thoughts on the betting odds for the upcoming election?
"she's worse than Hilary! Third party candidate Jill Stern does an AMA, it goes as well as expected."
Neither of them will ever have another chance at the all star game! Or a desire to see Domi or OEL in there instead because they deserve it :/
"It takes a long time for the bits to get all the way there, plus the translating the game from English to English, so it should cost more. 70 dollars if you live in Australia."
Distantt is boyinaband! What happened to Distantt..?
Buy the Arcane Skill Effect Pack Too purple
"But but but that's doesn't fit my narrative of him being selfish and being a cry baby bitch Lebron is such a class act man, we are blessed to watch him through his prime. Even in interviews when reporters ask him about his game or try and give him accolades he ALWAYS mentions his team mates, his coach, the man just knows how to lead."
"Right because that's the same as this If this is seriously the team Hillary has in place for Trump in 2016, she will be fucking slaughtered."
"People want him because he's the r/OneTrueGod Nic Cage wasn't very good as Blaze, I don't know why so many people want him back. I know he's a huge Ghost Ride fan, but his performance was cheesy and over the top."
"Ah yes but the ughyurs have Allah on their side, while the Tibetans are infidels! i am not opposing anything... i am just judging that these people must be delusional if they expect if they intend to achieve anything at all . as for iraq and afghanistan those people actually managed to annoy the usa out of their countries. but thats a completely different situation here. its not on the othert side of the world but in chinas own country. and while the usa is at least trying to sell their wars as somewhat humane intervention china simply wont care and eradicate whatever resistance there is."
"Because that would be rape culture If I am going to be forced to go through the media frenzy around Female Ghostbusters, at least make a female version of this. Magic......Milly, maybe?!?"
"Yeah those journalists are always crossing the line from objective observer to scary violent threat. It's because these police are well trained and well protected that they haven't been hurt or even killed. Have you missed the videos of looting and stealing? The riot police are not there for peaceful protesters, they are there when it isn't peaceful, when they aren't casually using their right to protest. Sure it's a constitutional right to protest but there are rules that everyone must follow, and if some of these people choose not to follow those rules, then well, you've seen what has happened."
"He lives on the east coast, so you guys actually get up at the same time 8am? sheesh, my alarm goes off at 5:30am. Give me your number I'll call and rage at you for sleeping."
Nah densest place on earth is the core of the Earth! The creation museum?
"Yeah, everyone's lazy and stupid, that's for sure. Give 250k/year job to most any American and they will, more than likely, end up in a similar scenario to the one they live in now... rarely do we know how to spend our money while living within our means. 1 word - Credit Credit is not necessarily limited by your job, but your income will be limited by your credit expenditures..."
"Still too much, charge me for the bandwidth of downloading from your web site They charge you for parts AND labor!? Pick one, buddy."
All the hosts get their partner to give them a handjob under the desk. PKA 269 is coming!!! What should the guys do?
15-1 Ok so maaaaybe not an 8-8 this year
"pfff, prometheus never existed Jesus did not make the ultimate sacrifice."
"There's always the manga to help give you closure! I rewatched it over the past two days. That series soooo needs a second season. I'm not even asking for the fanservice, I just need closure on what happens next."
Because Moe and steel never make any mistakes. I think he was yh. He made 1-2 stupid mistakes relatively early that could happen to anyone. But you know Moe and steel. They were basically done with him after that.
"gubmint bad, protest against gubmint good! Jesus do you even know what's going on and why this has been done? Almost everyone here including those in the affected areas are in support of this. And its only cellular Internet. Wired connections and non public WiFi is fine."
"No offense, but I imagine the gay agenda comes on way cuter stationary. LEAK: Holy Smoking Gun, I Found it!"
Because state-owned media has a much better track record. Corporate owned media for ya.
Sell it to me for 500 mt. To sell or not to sell? Amethyst Curry So I just pulled Amethyst Steph Curry from a TBT pack and was wondering if it's worth keeping him or selling him because he is quite valuable?
"When will the white community do something about all the violence? Man accused of shooting neighbor, running her over with lawn mower for mowing her lawn too late at night"
"well they have given you free hats, just like all the free games people get from having xbox gold valve, we've given you 30 million dollars, why havent you given me free hats?"
"Turn on the SS or die mod, that will fix your issue When I go for SS"
"Don't you realize you're an immature fangay because you're doing that? After forgetting to turn off replies and seeing tons of comments, I can safely say people don't understand the difference between an accusation and a general issue"
"Don't worry, this expansion is as much about the Alliance as it is the Horde! But Draenei are. And I think they're here too, but I can't tell with all these Orcs in the way."
"Because bungie shouldn't leave out pc gamers or else they are assholes and i will pirate every game they have ever made even if they port it I'll second that 100%. Compared to most other shooters out there, the Halo games are incredibly well balanced and really do feel at home on a controller. Bungie are just really good at building a shooter around that device. I couldn't imagine halo 3, reach or halo 4 on a PC because something about it just isn't right. Destiny looks a lot like halo in the gameplay department so this makes a lot of sense to me. Bungie are at home on consoles just like many other developers are at home on PC. What's the big deal?"
"So you got rid of that 1080 and went with the 750ti, wow nice upgrade! My kind of upgrade"
"Those sluts! A Saudi cleric explains why it's sinful for women to drive on Twitter: ""When a woman is driving, she's exposed to vibrations, this shakes her vagina, she will feel sexual euphoria and this is haraam."""
Also ich find den Schwimmbadgeruch aus dem Wasserhahn toll. Ich benutze nur noch stilles Wasser zum Tee kochen. Das Chlorwasser kann man einfach nicht trinken
Wait a minute.. is it possble A7x=Monty? Holy fucking shit. I honestly read that in Montys voice. eerie.
"I'm sure he did it because the girls didn't have the proper licenses to sell lemonade, he was just protecting them from the cops who would've came by and shut it down later Man arrested after toppling girls' lemonade stand and running off with money."
"Nobody counters Au Puch he one shots just like any other great mage Thoth hard counters Ah Puch Discovered this recently, so I'm not sure if this has been common knowledge or what, but here goes. Firing a basic attack through Thoth's Gliph of Pain instantly destroys a corpse from Ah Puch instead of it taking 2 basics like normal. I laned as Thoth vs an Ah Puch and just kept blowing up his corpses before he could use them by one shotting them."
How dare you not be attracted to a picture of a stranger A bit fat. Doubt I would sacrifice any energy/time for her.
"""It's all so fucking hysterical!"" What is your favorite line from the MGS series? Personally, I remembered playing MGS V and the line standing out to me the most was ""I won't scatter your sorrow to the heartless sea. I will always be with you."" It made Venom more of a likeable person at that point of the game. I know everyone has the favorite line in the game funny or serious. Let's hear them!"
"Yeah, cause THAT's the SAME thing. Seen posted on a TBMs Facebook page. They call themselves Christians..."
"I think I know what I'm packing for my next protest. Man, ambushing someone with pepper spray is just a misdemeanor?"
He needed a hammer. There's a reason why Thor brought the P226 down from the mountain...
I'm going to pick a skin that's basically a bright red/orange outline so I'm easily spotted from far away Titan and Pilot Customization!
To start the anti prog metal circle jerk and make way for trve underground Peruvian black metal tapes so why even comment?
Best team ever! 11 points in a quarter for these Warriors. Rekt.
"Lol, I'm going to start up Valhalla's first DDV(Division of Dino Vehicles). I don't necessarily agree with a hard limit, but certainly a ""within your RP reasonably"" rule."
Yeah but we're a well moderated section of racists. This is a comment section
"Shoot for the moon why don't you Well, incremental change has a better chance of sticking..."
George Bush... What will we be nostalgic about from the 00's?
"""lol filthy peasant"" quite the side splitter It's a joke flair."
This just proves that economic mobility is real and anyone can become a billionaire if they work hard enough! Number of Billionaires in the World Has More Than Doubled
"Sold to a Chinese company with links to the CPC in 3...2.. aaaaand it's gone Prawn farms planned for north Queensland to boost industry, create jobs"
"Yeah guys,let's save people by letting them die! ""Anti-Trump Protesters Block Ambulance; Father of 4-Year-Old Girl Dies"" - Paul Joseph Watson"
"Problem is you left them in there with their clips, they won't eat or drink if they already have a loaded murder magazine filled with giant 20mm baby-killer bullets. I put them in their kennel today so they wouldn't go out and kill a bunch of people while I was at work. I'm worried because they haven't touched their food or water :-("
"It was most famous in black and white so it looked grey on TV... Celtics one is called the ""Parquet Pride"" jersey which is fucking stupid because exactly what part of the parquet is grey? Come on now..."
"You dropped this: If a woman says that to me someday, I will respond with this. It will be a pleasure to do so. That's the real moment when I knew love wasn't some kind of fairy tale. But I never confessed it to anyone because they're too dumb or believe too much on in Santa Claus to be aware of this. And I lost the ability to love by discovering this at 12 (I'm 21 now)"
But what is the government for if not to keep rich people rich? For-profit government programs as a whole should be illegal.
Just do the work in MasteringChemistry and stop bugging your Professors to do a job! Hey can you tell all your colleagues to have more practice tests and answers for problems available? That'd help me out a lot.
But what about the other 49 States? Horns and other warning devices You must not use the horn or any other warning device unless: Road rule in NSW say you can't use a horn unless You need to warn other road users that your vehicle is approaching You need to warn animals to get off the road The horn is being used as part of an anti-theft or alcohol interlock device fitted to your vehicle.
"Dunno about this one man, I think he needs to win more to be considered and no way he goes in before 10 years because he isn't worth a first ballot, maybe in a weak year he makes it. And we *know* Tommy's making it"
"No its all Notley's fault! Do people in Alberta realize that it was not the NDP that drove down oil prices and that it is the Saudis who did that? Do they know where Saudi Arabia is? Do they also realize that when oil prices were high, their conservative government squandered their petro-riches and failed to save for market downturns? Do they realize that the NDP inherited a complete mess from the former conservative government?"
"For profit is Villian people shouldn't be motivated by increased wealth Agreed but upurarse specifically singled out ""for-profit insurance"". Having worked for both kinds I noticed little difference in price or quality of insurance. It's not as if Blue Cross is cheaper or better than Humana. The companies function the same, the not-for-profit just donates more to charity and isn't run as tightly. So, as an employee I preferred not-for-profit but as an end user the experience was nearly identical. It's easy to just say ""for-profit is a villain"" and get upvoted even when it's nearly identical than the not-for-profit version. I'm trying to add some truth to this; both versions are virtually the same."
"I assure you, paying $2400 for an ambulance ride then dying in prison over that debt is keeping you free. $2400 for an ambulance.."
You should consider purchasing more RAM online. Is this good enough ram is 4gb of ram enough to play apoc until i get more
"That's racist you white male chick ur privlodge A very early dropped model I worked on while I was dead. ""Blackgoes"""
"You're right... Seagull is such a casual they are no comp players , just a bunch of high ranked player from OTHER games that are casuals in this game, give it more time. learning heros by watching is not the best way, learn by playing urself"
"Oh, yes: everybody knows how walkable Atlanta is! While I disagree with the douchebag in the article, how is not wanting to make it even more convenient for people to vote the same as denying them the right to vote? Have there been lots of complaints that it's just too hard to find or get to a polling location? Georgia house districts are very small, even in less populated areas, you can walk across a district in urban Atlanta in a about 20 minutes."
"The answer is no, why watch the game when he can look up his fg%. Did you watch the game? He was passing the ball a lot."
The Shining [because the main character dies in The Shining] What is the best movie were the main character dies?
I hear they're switching to the Phoenix pay system... CPP should last forever now Do people think CPP will disappear before they get it? Why don't you think you'll receive CPP benefits when you retire?
"More than double what the eye can perceive Thanks, now I get 60 FPS!"
"well YOU try making a living raising 3 kids as a minimum wage slave, when some penny pinching personal financier only tips you about 20% gotta make those ducats TIL stealing is OK if it's only a little bit"
"""Son of a whore earthquake... I'm not afraid of you"", President Rodrigo Duterte was quoted as saying in a press conference today. Magnitude 6.3 quake shakes Philippines' Mindanao island"
"Right, Trump is definitely not a big government person. Hillary is a BIG govt person. This is a small govt sub. Trump is a buffoon. This is a small govt sub."
"but she's crying and making cutesy faces, how could anyone send a face like that to prison for 3 whole months. She'll only get 3 months with 3 years probation. AKA The Usual with Violent Female Offenders."
"If they aren't used to Alabama, the truest experience you can give them is Waffle House. Locals: Where to take parents on Christmas Day?? My parents are coming to visit for two days: 25th and 26th. On the 26th, I'm taking them to Tanger Outlets, but I have nothing planned for Christmas Day. They are immigrants, so the traditional at-home Christmas dinner isn't that appealing to them...unless it's paired with an experience. So, for example, if it were a Christmas dinner at Kitchen on George, then they'd enjoy the novelty of the dinner because of the dining experience. So, my question to y'all is, What can we do on Christmas Day? Bellingrath is closed on Christmas Day, along with several other noteworthy, local restaurants...and bars aren't their thing. Suggestions?? I know it's particularly difficult because it's Christmas Day. :("
"The Shockmaster I would love to see a WWE Countdown debut list, cause this would be reeeaaallly hard to top."
"He's an arcade scrub, he wouldn't understand basic game mechanics anyway.. Did you miss the part where they were team killing?"
"My panties are dripping wet at the sight of the edgy sexist catch-phrase on his shirt! When you finally decide to put down your fedora and try to become a swag boy, in order to get the ladies."
"Because that works. That was my point - instead of asking the Marines to stop ops, how about asking the Taliban to fucking stop using children?"
Who are you to tell them they can't be the next Dizzy Gillespie? YES! SOMEONE GETS IT. I get pissed every time I see them doing that.
"Yup, you totally showed him. Who is upvoting this ridiculous strawman argument? Just because you have it numbered does not make it less full of shit."
"Well Obama is Muslim after all. Is this is new ""Thanks Obama!""?"
"To counter, lets burndown Stamford Bridge Some banter at the Emirates from Chelsea fans - more reason for us to do our best on Sunday!"
"I got Upton getting hot down the streach he already knocked out his typical 2-3 bad months early now right? I think it might have been the rare trade that turned out well for both sides. JBJ has actually slightly outperformed JUp, I think (last 30 splits show 66-70.5) and the rest of my staff has done better than Gray, but its close. So yeah nice trade all the way around."
"Taxes, how do they work? And who do you suppose paid for all that spiffy care?"
No sorry Blizz hates EU you're second class citizens etc Do we know if Tracer will be available today in Europe ? #
"So is ""Downtown"" her stripper name, or were her parents just a little weird? Captured some gorgeous shots downtown. Thank you Texas for the always beautiful sunset."
Just download these 50 mods and you won't notice it anymore. Arma has barely any content
"What, are you some kind of label nazi? In a nation that is already quick to label opponents as terrorists? His comment did fine"
"fite me irc I don't think it's a good idea. Putting me in a room with a few of the choice deluded leftists on this sub could never end well. That said, the only remaining possibility is it turns into an echo chamber of people who agree with each other. Nobody can shout over other people in text form."
I think you dropped this Might as well induct Chris Benoit while we are at it
"Should,Should we call up the ATF about the private gun sales on Facebook? This is the thread where you discuss Facebook banning private gun sales. We've all heard about FB moving to ban private gun sales on their site. Any posts/discussion related to this news go in the comments here. Any link or text-post submissions related to the topic will be removed."
seems legit Herbalife Multivitamin Complex Review
"*QUIT TRYING TO BE A SPECIAL SNOWFLAKE* Ironically, candy corn is one of the candies *I* can't eat haha."
"ISIL isn't Islam they are Wahabi Salafists Despite the best efforts of Obama, Canadian politician calls ISIL Islamic"
Quit stealing TK's thunder dammit! Who the fuck are you to drop good lines in here like this?
"Mi original Elmo oc donut steel ""A little baby pigeon"" Yellow Guy Pixel Art"
You'll be doing awesome with that unleveled artifact weapon of your alternate spec It doesn't bother me now that you can use any of your specs in legion
"Haha, how friendly of you. Listen I don't know what to tell you buddy but this is a waste just put it in your trash folder on your desktop :^]"
"He seems stable. (Read Bottom to top) Joined a new BDSM site, I have a dom, I'm just looking for local munches and new friends......"
"Duh, that is why they want the jersey untucked. You'll see ads on the chest and shoulders before you'll see them on the bottom. Ads you can barely see have no value."
"Yes, it's absolute bullshit that a private company would charge you for their services...unbelievable. No. You have to pay them to upload in 1080p. Not just the file size... It's absolute bullshit."
All Labor's fault.... Surprise witness says suspended Liberal MP Garry Edwards planned to lie to ICAC
Sounds like we need more teams in regional leagues. Fast forward to people complaining that regional leagues don't matter anymore since nearly half of the teams go to worlds any way
"i'm sure that has a very reasonable depth of field when wide open. For the times when f/0.95 isn't bright enough for you, the Ibelux 40mm f/0.85 lens is coming February in native Fuji X, M43, Canon M and Sony E-mount."
Inb4 people want Nathan Fillion to be persistently unemployed so he is available at all times in the event of a Firefly reboot Raise awareness that we want Hal Jordan to be played by the man himself: Nathan Fillion!
Lazy foul from Willian leads to Milan tying...great Chelsea vs AC Milan (Match Thread)
For the extra 5% exp when you sleep Bruh It's an entire dialogue path that doesnt really seem to have any effect on anything. They could have saved so much money and time by not including all that and dedicated that time to improving the crafting system or something. I can hardly build a line of walls thats perfectly straight but i can potentially fuck my companion? Why bethesda?
naw bruh its not that powerful Lets see 1) You give your self distance 2) easy to hit root 3) Chance to do way more damage. 4) You can flip to avoid damage as in the air you take 0 damage
its all labour's fault of course Peter Dutton concedes offshore detention contract handling mistakes made.
"Wrong, C9 will win qualifiers and go on to win the whole major. NiP Will Win The Major. * Fnatic have pressured Olof into a playing role to fast and his arm will not be up to scratch. * LG will not play well, they will come in unprepared because of the whole SK vs LG dispute. * Guardian is no longer in god-mode, Flamie is not good enough to carry the whole team and Seized is not enough to help him. * Astralis will go out in groups. NiP will win."
"That's what you get for preordering I have this issue as well, but only when I play as the Aztecs. And also, whenever I meet Montezuma, my game crashes."
Just another example of the Tories lying... So you could say they fulfilled the request?
Why would women vote when they have that house to clean and children to pump out of their unsolvable lady bits? It's like they forget that women can vote
"No no no, this is him pivoting to broaden his base. He can't even find someone who supports his own policies hahahah."
"Yes, no good idea should ever be reused. But that would be doing something the same that they did right in previous Battlefields..."
"We don't need your facts and accurate information, there's a guy on the radio that says he sucks and i need someone to blame for this loss! Wow, I can't believe how quick people are to give up on someone. The dude is in his third year in the league. Here are his career totals: DALTON: 48 games, 11360 yards, 80 TD, 49 INT, 60.9% completion, 30 wins 18 losses. Let's look at some other players in their first three years. PLAYER A: 28 games, 5613 yards, 29 TD, 31 INT, 59.4% completion, 10 wins 17 losses. Zero playoff wins. PLAYER B: 46 games, 10061 yards, 66 TD, 34 INT, 60.8% completion, 33 wins 13 losses. Zero playoff wins. PLAYER C: 32 games, 4679 yards, 19 TD, 31 INT, 54.4% completion, 11 wins 19 losses. Zero playoff wins. PLAYER D: 48 games, 12287 yards, 85 TD, 58 INT, 60.4% completion, 26 wins 22 losses. Zero playoff wins. Can you guess who these guys are? Player A: Drew Brees Player B: Matt Ryan Player C: Alex Smith Player D: Peyton Manning I'd definitely trade a first for him. Hell, the Raiders traded a first and a second for Carson Palmer after he had a three year run that produced: 36 games, 7795 yards, 50 TD, 37 INT, 60.9% completion, 14 wins, 22 losses and zero playoff wins. A solid QB is tough to find. Just ask the Jets, Bills, Dolphins, Jags, Browns, Cheifs (before Smith), Rams, Raiders, Bucs, and Vikings."
"Not at all, don't you know that they have an entire team specialized for only playing arena? And then there are two cards that have the exact same effect (If there is a dragon in your hand, gain +2 health and taunt) but one is a rare and the other its an epic. The whole ""rarity follows complexity"" is just a bullshit excuse, a lie completely transparent to anyone that takes but a second to think about it. On top of that, its the same as saying ""we don't really care about arena"" which its probably true. Arena players are second class citizens. Both in WoW, and in HS."
"WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE ME AND TELL ME HOW I PLAY THEM GAME. that sounds like a terrible, boring existence."
Human flesh! What food is good both hot and cold?
As opposed to yakuza which stands for Yet Another Kool Universal Zuper Aid ISIS Does more than that.
"I hope you don't wear makeup, now you're vain too! I'm a 5'5 skinny, white woman who is attractive by modern measures. People think I'm dumb, shallow, and starve myself."
"Cause ""cool people"" have girlfriends and have sex with them 24/7 and only watch things related to current events If the content is good, why wouldn't he watch it?"
"Get out of here with your ""science"" stuff... liberals don't want to hear about ""science""! First of all, 21 weeks is more than 5 months. Secondly, you can't fight science. Biologically, a human life starts at conception. As people learn more and more about the fetus and abortion, people will turn against abortion."
"It's there but you have to look closlier at it to see all the hidden signs. Why the hell does it matter? The target audience of this has no idea what those slang terms mean and there isn't any actual porn in the show, so it's absolutely pointless to care."
If you look up his burial plot on Google earth it looks like its covered with fecal matter and used condoms so there's that I love how the wikipedia page mentions his burial plot location so people can go and piss on his grave.
"Omg this is so sexist, a girl isn't a slut just because she wants to use her body sexually for monetary exchange! #SLUTLIVESMATTER"
"Georgia doesn't have a prime minister, it has a governor This is especially worse given the fact that they screwed up an article on a Prime Minister. I get it, it's a teaching paper but I'm calling BS on this. This is more than a few typos."
Jeff Fisher! For the Fire Bowles crowd: Who do you want as HC next year? Not saying I agree or disagree with it... but who are the hot coaching candidates we should be looking at for 2017 or 2018?
"Well put. Oh, great, another middle-aged white guy who doesn't understand the concept of privilege getting uppity and offended about the thing he doesn't understand. (Mostly by shaming other people for getting, as he perceives it, uppity and offended.)"
"Lame ass grimmlord. Nah, own it dude. Most of my toons are undead and have the name Grimm mixed into their names. I don't want to be an edgelord but I enjoy the game as a dark looking undead dude with the name Grimm*. Edgelord chooses you."
"""when they try"" because it is an eminent threat. The only civil war I could see is when they try to take people's guns away. A trump presidency will give us a lot of bitching and moaning. Maybe some protesting from people who were already unemployed and have nothing better to do. The people I know that hate trump the most are the least likely to actually do something about it. Most won't even vote."
"*Its called a prefernce for a reason* fuck everyone who picks ""english"" when they cant fucking speak english. i dont say i can speak spanish. im not racist but i fucking hate playing with people who cant understand me"
Back to Fargo! So where does Gameday go now that Missouri has lost?
"Yeah Villanova played like shit today, they got no chance. I suspect we're not gonna see Jordan's team lose. No UNC crying Jordan :("
"Noooo, there is no search button but searching for people responses. It didn't work because you didn't use the search feature of the sub reddit."
She doesn't have to shes sooo smart its the teachers fault that she's failing. If only she would apply that initiative in acquiring a cellphone towards other things in life...
"lol i feel bad for Derelik haha, sucks to be him. Why does everyone hate Derelik? I guess I missed something, is just a jerk or do people just downvote him as a joke, and why?"
He doesn't... how do u even aim with 5700 dpi
spy What is the most important class in comp tf2? Justr want to hear your guys' opinions
"No way, it's a ""brave"" move! Another success for drm."
"They are srealing even our outsourced jobs! I live in Omaha, Ne. we have mexicans working in our sushi restaurants."
"Considering the quality of his past ""work"", i'm sure the other tattoo shops around town are worried. Graffiti artist ""MOOK"" is now a tattoo artist at 10th St. Tattoo"
"*OUR MODERATORS WORK HARD TO KEEP THIS SUB CLEAN AND WELCOMING* All these dunces flaming you for being the only B0aty post, yet it's a dead time period currently and they fail to realize that. When he was live earlier and got that 3m; there was 5 new posts mere seconds apart over how he just made serious cash(lol). Have to agree with you- Sure he promotes the game with an excellent stance and has been pulling more viewers than players actually on the game, but the jerk is getting a little heavy handed. 5 minutes to make a filter so you won't have to see a clump of posts like that wouldn't be asking for too much. However I'm sure idiotic things like ""targeting specific people"" would come up. This sub-reddit is in dire need of a cleanup. Enforce proper tagging of posts if you won't separate two game modes. Enforce tagging for [DMM] [Clue].. Etc. There's no need for the clutter and mayhem that's became the standard here, just like the toxic posts that are displayed in this very thread. That's lazy moderation."
No way bro that's every profession I was there until 9:00 pm yesterday. They stopped paying me at 3:30.
What is this SUN? Elon Musk bets with former SUN CEO Scott McNealy that Tesla received fewer gov subsidies than SUN
Time to give Cameron a chance! Alicia Fox injured on Raw
"Ok take a few valium to get rid of the anxiety...jk no fucking way, man! OP, dont listen to him! Control your anxiety with other methods. If youre at 3, stick to 3!"
"Russia, China, under Mao, north Korea, Cuba, yeah seems to be doing pretty well to me... but the resident lefties always tell me that communism and socialism work if you try"
"You dropped your It makes people uncomfortable, therefore it's bad."
Why would the ever happen ....unless the value of your home goes down.
I am also low on cash and unable to buy things Post to r/PCmasterrace about being low on cash. Gets sent over 20 games from a complete stranger. I love you all so much.
but only savages wouldn't let it breathe.... Wine decanters tend to have stoppers too.
It takes a long time to get the death camps ready to take all the guns and kill the Christians and straight people with their own guns Not sure why Obama was waiting so long to announce martial law and start taking their guns.
"I'd ask where in Europe, but it doesn't matter because Europe is one country remember Am from Europe. Nudity is still kind of a big deal over here."
Yeah never leave a drink outside So a humming bird drank out if my energy drink today at work. Never leave your drink outside
"[o.W.n] madminecrafter04 What's the best enemy name you've ever encountered in TF2? I just killed a bilbo-swaggins, Zombeaver, and Lez-be-honest and it got me thinking, who's come up with the best name? I'm sheepish which is how Sean Connery feels about getting in a pool, what about you?"
These traitors will be purged soon enough. Medical professionals who back Owen Smith for the Labour party leadership | Letters | Politics
"If you can't tell... what's the point? Pluck your eyebrows out...**too much** Draw them back on...**in a totally unnatural shape and thickness** Surprise! **You look like shit now** Seriously though, when done right guys probably can't even tell."
"Since *some* things are obviously designed, *everything* must be obviously designed. Who needs logic when you have Ray Comfort!"
"I can't tell if it's ""Ignore Everything I've Ever Written. Chris Harper Hype Train is ENGAGED!"""
"What are these ""meters"" you speak of? How to calculate the 'real' distance to a paper target ? Hi gunnit, I have a begginer's question. Let's assume that I have a paper target for practice and I put it at a distance of 9 meters. The silhouette on the paper isn't scaled 1:1 to a human size (it's smaller). How can I determine the 'real' distance if it were a human sized target ? I did this math, and I don't know if they are correct: the distance between ears on the paper target is 12 cm. The distance between ears in my head is 18 cm. So if I divide 18 cm by 12 cm I have a ratio of 1.5. Now I multiply the 9 meters times 1.5 and I have a real distance to a human figure at 13.5 meters. Is this math correct ? (I'm sorry for the horrible english)"
"From that source well noted for quality, The Rebel. Adult Refugees Enrolled In Canadian High School, Harassing Young Girls"
Come on people clearly it was just taken out of context... Liberal Party hit by another social media controversy after member's homophobic comments
You should kick on them headlights for that ambient lighting A wild Battlestation appeared.
"You mean starvashun and horrible narcissism? I love when people post photos of weight loss, initial reactions from land whales are ""well, you were born lucky"". Well no. It's called a diet and hard work."
God what a cis shitlord I hope he got written up for sexual harassment. Catcalling is always inappropriate. Ugh.
"Sorry bloke, we Americans clearly know what tax laws are better for your country. (UK person here) .. The solar panel subsidy was a really bad idea. It had the effect of redistributing money in society from the poor to the rich. Here in the UK the people who install these solar panels on their houses are the fairly well-to-do middle class, they would then get a very generous amount of money that would quickly repay them for the installation cost, which was paid for by increasing the cost of energy for everyone. The net effect is everyone has to pay more for energy and that money is then given to the rich in our society. Another issue is that solar panels on houses is a really bad way to spend the money in terms of generating clean energy. Rather than giving that money to rich people to install panels on their houses it would have been better spent on industrial power generation (such as a solar farm) where the gigawatt per pound figure is significantly better. The Guardian don't represent these issues for a number of reasons including that their core audience are this very group of well-to-do / rich people in society, and because they are ideologically opposed to the current Conservative government so don't fairly report what is going on. The Times is a much better news source (and it's centre ground politically), but it's paywalled, so no good for Reddit."
Leave the more goths alone...they are the night I'm not sure but I think you've got a Bat Infestation
Filthy casual I just installed pitfalls.
"2 wins on the same map though, NV would have obviously won 3-2 if it was a different map. They won the BO1 vs. NV yesterday as well, which makes it 3-0 in this tournament."
"I've vomited three times today, could you not trigger me? *unbuttons sports jacket and buttoned shirt* *tugs the collar of the shirt worn underneath the buttoned shirt* *tilts head forward, vomits*"
Attaining knowledge simply for the sake of bettering oneself is certainly nothing to be proud of Poor students with degree worse off than rich students without one
"Reading books more than once is such a drag. I took almost all of my college-required literary courses in high school, so the only literature book I've actually had to read while here is Brave New World. I haven't touched anything by Poe since 9th or 10th grade, which is actually very upsetting because I really enjoy his work"
"Yeah but it's still her turn, so everyone needs to shut the fuck up. With Clinton now tied to three federal investigations by the State Department and FBI, buyer's remorse must be growing amongst the Democrat establishment who have gone out of their way to rig the nominating process in her favor."
"Yeah, but they're inferior to us. Just imagine the hate you would get from Americans if another country bombed civilians here."
"obviously you werent on mc forums pre alpha A menu revamp wouldn't hurt. The thing is, they do revamp the menu, every release. Every release things changes in a huge way. Given how the menus currently are, this is easy for him to add the features that change it. As long as the game is in alpha, it won't be the most playable for the masses thing you've seen. You seem to assume that it is ready for the public. There is no intent in an alpha product to be FOR the public. Yes the public can play and enjoy, but the main purpose at this time is NOT that. Wait your turn (late beta / release level)"
I think it is proof positive that the church is true and that the second coming is just around the corner. Lowest growth rate since 1946. A clear sign that missionaries are masturbating more than ever.
"When I was your age I dropped out of highschool and got a union job at the automotive plant Why can you just do that? My father doesn't understand why I haven't bought a house, had kids or gotten married. ""When you were born, your mother and I only made $25k per year and we got a house."" Apparently inflation is an impossible concept to grasp."
dang that's cheap 1990
"Well, that's your fault, isn't it? First time I've seen it. Plus, even if you have seen this before, it just reminds you how perfect Jim Carrey was for this movie."
"Pear must be one of the deluxe maps Not sure about pear market, but Pearl Market was in Dragon's Teeth."
"Thanks OP, these are the life changing confessions that we need more of! Had 1 life left, would have cried if he threw that away."
"Hey, those books *might* hurt someone's feelings, so we'll get overly offended on their behalf and then demand the fire-bombing of all libraries to make sure the job is done. The SJWs will be burning books next."
"Thank you NRA, for ensuring that any brief flash of anger can be quickly followed up with gunfire. 1 dead, 3 wounded in campus shooting at Northern Arizona University"
"I totally agree, fuck Clinton I was forced to unsubscribe from r/politics as I'm tired of all this one-sided Clinton nonsense. I don't support either candidate, but the whole page is just pro-Clinton propaganda now."
"Fully semi auto assault rifle Are you really trying to trying to start a flame war because I added an adjective for 'rifle'? I'm pro-gun and a gun owner, no, I did not add it to make it sound scarier, and no, just because people say ""semi-auto"" to describe a firearm they are not trying to add frightening buzz words. Seriously?"
"We really should buff the A1-S cause everyone is using the A4. who thinks the M4A1-S should have more than 40 extra rounds to just have 2 extra mags, it makes holding sites near impossible if its a rush. a silencer helps when you don't want to be seen, but when you come across a bunch of guys having more than 2 extra mags helps. any thoughts?"
"I'm a white male, I'm a shitlord and I enjoy oppressing people What is a stereotype that you fulfill?"
"Looks like warren is a ""progressive who gets things done"" now too elizabeth warren? Hey everyone-- How do you guys feel about Warren with her new endorsement of Clinton, and the fact that she did not rally progressive support for Bernie during the primary? I'm on the fence. I understand it may have been the best for her politically, but it seemed like her moves lacked backbone."
2/10 do not buy game. Every game that has ever had one of these...
Yeah I bet you're drowning in pussy. You're fucking pretentious and stupid. I am glad you don't or ever will get laid.
hahaha so funni It was a joke.
"Japanese, like all of the gundams What language is Zeon in? All the Zeonic names, like Zabi and Zaku, what language are they based on?"
Trigger warning! I have my opinion. You have yours. But diseases are something we shouldn't joke about
"Oh yeah, we're totally bombing Bosnia right now. Pretty sure dying from friendly fire or drone strike has the same result."
We don't negotiate with terrorists! Cuba Wants Off U.S. Terrorism List Before Restoring Normal Ties
"Fuck me for liking a certain style of joke. Dadjoke hipster, gotta love Reddit, something that would-never should-never exist does"
God is sure good at tricking people. A well-preserved trilobite specimen from Morocco that lived during the Devonian Period roughly 400 million years ago.
"Sure... Now to go play as a Nanny beating up dragon's in Skyrim. You mean ""my luck is awesome"", right?"
Literally inedible I like how they have toe bones but not finger bones. It makes them cuter for some reason
Those negro artists are destroying the youth and using marijuana to take advantage of innocent white women The previous generation had it SO easy before le rap music and le social media destroyed our youth
"You mean you don't think it's super important to let Bungie know that there should be a new kiosk for everything that there is not a new kiosk for? this game community is large and established enough to warrant a /destinysuggestions subreddit. there are 200k+ subscribers here already. i can't imagine how much that's going to rise come tuesday (not to mention the weeks after). we really need a separate subreddit for suggestions to bungie. this is my favorite sub, but it is far past the point of over saturation with asinine suggestions. the last thing we need for kinderguardians to see is a sub full of ridiculous suggestions that, as new player, they will have no frame of reference for. this seems utterly polarizing and may steer away future subscribers who love the game but feel overwhelmed. or maybe i'm just totally sick of stupid fucking suggestions like ""this class should hold the sword differently"" and people already trying to change a game THAT ISN'T EVEN OUT YET. [discussion]"
"When he admits he's Kenyan. So his terrorist connections don't stop with the Taliban but stretch all the way to the IRA? My god, when will this madness stop!? ROMNEY 2012 GET THE MUSLIM CATHOLIC JIHADIST OUT OF WASHINGTON!"
Can't believe they haven't outlawed it! This may actually be a good idea for running bamboo but it isn't going to happen. They won't even restrict the sale of the worst of the invasive species that spread by seed.
"But bruh, they had a diamond go donuts and individually 2 of them didnt do any better than the majority of your team did 10/10 match making"
"Puff has this glitch where she SDs on shield break fyi that's a corrin glitch, not a wario glitch. the more glitches at this point, the better, because it means we'll get more patches."
"Oh good, America's still better than them. A lot of soldiers did die in battle. They were a strong fighting force but they had many wars and lost many men. Many conflicts they lost huge numbers of soldiers, they didn't steamroll everyone 24/7"
"""He was abused before I got him"" So nice to see he's being abused in a less violent way.. This dog is a scam artist"
"They don't have a very good chance, so that's why all the lines favor TCU... They have a chance, but not a good chance no TCU not finishing the season ranked after last year and the promise of this year would be extremely dissapointing but those injuries just blew it all up"
"Yea, cause she plans to leave the living room It definitely involves pushes - otherwise she would be stuck in the living room forever :)"
But....its always the qb's fault Bulger gets so much shit all the time yet he led the league in sacks and still managed to put up good numbers. That O-line though...
"Kanye West, no fame is enough for senpai Kanye-san! who is the most underrated celebrity? Who deserves more fame than what they currently have?"
"He didnt use his gun to kill someone like a *real*, read-blooded **Merican** should have! What harm was done anyway ?"
"Oh I'm sorry I didn't know you knew the inner workings of game development and more specifically Rocket League. If they can make wheels that fold up, they can definitely make shades go over the windshield. It's just whether their programmers and artists want to implement it or not."
What a shock Wow... That's all misquoted and out of context.
Your big werds are why the Demz losed! who gives a shit? a poll of 1000 people or the emoluments clause? idk guys... this is a tough one!
While you're walking Dratini I'll be walking Dragonair Everyone will be walking Dratini
"""Yeah why did Tyson be the enforcer in that match with Austin, everyone knew he was going over, why didnt they stick him in that red hot NOD angle!"" Oh my god I just got so irrationally irritated at just the suggestion of wasting Ronda on Stephanie. This is by far the worst idea I've ever seen from JR."
"Nah, Tories are evil, that's all. They are not really ""British Controlled"". They all have Home Rule with their own elected Parliaments and share only the monarch and foreign policy with us. Ask yourself how Britain should deal with things if the Scots suddenly went Libertarian and decided to use their new tax powers (effective 2017) to slash income tax rates in order to lure high-income big spenders to Scotland. Should we say a) it's a devolved power, they have a right to do what they want in their elected parliament or b) this is outrageous, we should reinstate direct rule asap. Unfortunately self-determination means that people can vote to do things that benefit *them* not you. It's interesting how Imperialist the left is getting about the naughty natives in places like Bermuda and the Virgin Islands. Both those places have a much higher standard of living than places like Puerto Rico or Haiti, who are in the same region, but not tax havens. That's because all these law firms and so on require an army of admin assistants who earn pretty well while working in clean air conditioned offices. But I guess to a certain style of lefty, they've got above themselves and should go back to cotton pickin or sugar plantation work in the hot sun."
I can't be the only that LOVES not knowing what is the context of this post Most useless PICK of the DAY: KOTL. DAMN THAT FEED.
"BOOTSTRAP ME! I had an ex with parents who had the same attitude. Huge surprise, their other kids ended up becoming extremely depressed and anxious in school. It got so bad that the school psychologist had to step in. To my knowledge, they haven't changed their views. I really hope they came around, for the sake of their own poor kids. I really can't understand attitudes like that. How can you say something you've never experienced for yourself is fake? I've never had cancer, a brain aneurism, or schizophrenia so they must all be fake. And the fact that it wasn't diagnosed in past decades? How does that make it fake? It just means more people are getting help. And that doesn't mean it didn't exist back then. We can now understand and treat people with these disorders so they can live happy and fulfilling lives, instead of letting it silently destroy everything like it used to. Years ago, a kid with ADD could be written off as ""stupid"" and ""lazy"", drop out, and probably believe it themselves. Today that kid can get help! They can show their true potential and be the smartest kid in school, and become a success in whatever they chose. But yeah, let's not do that and instead let suffer. Because that's clearly so much better."
"I love comparing global politics to playground antics, the two are such parallels! Don't give 'im the stick! OOOOOOooooohhh!"
very relevant to the video; thanks for sharing UAE don't know shit about Islam.
"The Rock Is Roman Reigns' Vince's last attempt at doing something he's never truly been able to do? I have a very weird theory on Roman Reigns right now, and I kind of wonder if it's Vince's Hail Mary.. His last big attempt at doing something he's never truly been able to do. The Roman Reigns push right now is Vince trying to get his infamous white whale of his whole 'creative' career. Hear me out. The three biggest stars in WWE's history, and the three biggest merch movers can be listed as, and in no particular order; - Hulk Hogan - Stone Cold - John Cena From the stories told, through their own DVD's and purely looking at the timeline, all of these characters were created through some other means and not a pure, 100% Vince creation. - Hulk Hogan, before he ever made it to WWE was a product of Verne Gagne and Vince Sr in some form or another. The name, Hulk Hogan, was created by his dad. And the beginning of Hogan's look and style of wrestling was established before, his first babyface run was with the AWA against the likes of Heenan's and Bockwinckel. Even during this time, he very notably took the role in Rocky III with Vince Sr. telling him not too. Which really helped propel him to the top of the industry, eventually Vince had no choice but hire him because of how huge the potential was, and he pushed him to the moon. - Stone Cold Steve Austin, originally came in as a mid card act, under the role of the ""Ringmaster"". Partly only given his KOTR win because of an issue Vince had with HHH and his infamous curtain call. Austin gets the stage, and cuts the now infamous Austin 3:16 promo. The part people forget, Austin wasn't immediately propelled into the main event scene.. he was a bottom of the card act for the next few months of his career, doing PPV's following KOTR with Mero, Goldust, and Yokozuna.. Even the merchandise, Stone Cold discusses on his DVD about how he had this idea of a skull, and went directly to the merch guy and had it done himself. The merch was flying off the shelf's, and the chants were pretty intense. Vince couldn't ignore it, and eventually had no choice but to push him to the moon, and eventually 4 months later got to start an amazing program with Bret. - John Cena was originally the fourth man in the infamous OVW crew that had their debuts in 2002. Batista, Brock, and Randy all had much more notable pushes. And, as per Cena's own telling of the story on various podcasts, he was on the verge of going absolutely nowhere. If it wasn't for his contsant rapping backstage and the enouragement of Steph that he turn it into a gimmick, we probably wouldn't see him on stage. His great heel work, and feuds with Kurt, Jericho, JBL and others eventually made him a fan favourite with the crowd until Vince had no choice but to push him to the moon. There's one very big notable thing here, each of these guys in one way or another had a huge role in their own success, and either created their own characters (in the case of Cena and Austin) or were given the ideas and the names from other people and ran with it (Hogan). Vince was not creator of these gimmicks, he was the fuel they all needed and he absolutely was the gate keeper to their insane success.. but creatively he was not the originator. Vince has been burned in the past, on a few very notable cases with guys he deemed ""the chosen one"" and tried to propel them to the moon. The biggest pure Vince McMahon creation that he's ever done, was The Undertaker. (This is a thought I'm borrowing from Jericho's Heyman/Edge podcast, they talk about this quite in depth post-streak). And I don't think anyone could even dream of arguing this. However, as dominant as The Undertaker character would become, even at the peak of his career, he was never a 'merch mover', it wasn't a glass shattering babyface that would forever alter the direction of the company like the other three listed. He was arguably the coolest character, and the most memorable.. but he wasn't a pure top babyface. In my opinion Vince has very notably tried throughout his career to create that top babyface, and every single one of them failed for a variety of reasons. - Lex Luger - Diesel - Brock Lesnar - Bobby Lashley - Roman Reigns Brock Lesnar being the biggest exception to this rule, but even then, he never hit that Hogan/Austin/Cena tier. And we'll see with Roman. Maybe he is. I just wonder if Vince has this vendetta right now, almost this last ditch mission of his to succeed in doing something he's always been wanting to do but for one reason or another never has been able to do. Even the biggest two babyfaces of the last 10 years, were their own people. They created their own characters and were very established acts that had a lot of reputation under them, they weren't Vince creations either. - CM Punk - Daniel Bryan Everyone that's ever seemed to have that megastar success, from Cena to Bryan.. from Austin to Punk, they all were not the chosen one's by Vince, they were all put into his lap and he had no other choice. And I know from all the stories and even Vince's podcast, if you can make him money he'll go with you. But I wonder as a booker, if deep down Vince has this weird desire to finally succeed in that one area he's seemed to miss the mark on so many times now. -------------- **I guess the TL:DR, long winded-ness of this entire thing is mainly to ask one big question, do you think the unrelenting Roman Reigns push is Vince chasing his white whale before he finally hands off the proverbial reigns to someone else?**"
"Wow- AUGUST! Straight Outta Compton' debuted to a blistering $56.1 million this weekend in 2,757 theaters, surpassing ""American Pie 2"" to become the biggest ever August debut for an R-rated movie."
We're just lucky she survived the sniper fire in Bosnia. I literally cannot believe that she is continuing to use that as a talking point. Did she go to Afghanistan in 2000 and give bin Laden a good talking to as well?
"Knowing truth is equivalent to destroying America now I guess. They are well aware... these people aren't doing this just to be honest and open and to stop hillary, they are also trying to actively sabotage the united states and what better way to destroy America than to elect trump. Hillary is a piece of shit, but she will play the game and stay within boundaries and won't shake things up much. Donald is a fucking wild card."
"Yeah dude, Bradford is totally the same as Blaine Gabbert. The difference is the Niners and Niner fans (atleast most of us) know the future QB isn't on the roster right now."
But ACOG on the M40A3 is for noobs That's why it has acog superpowers. It was balanced that way.
Woah guys dont jump the gun on them fiora nerfs that WHOLE one sec is a bit much 2/10 PBE Update
"Still salty from the penalty Benteke won last season. ""Christian Benteke is not Lionel Messi"" - Damien Delaney"
"You should have learned by now that Russia can never do wrong, no matter how hypocritically it acts. because people here were shitting on ukraines sub for posting material about Russia."
"But they're raking in all those valuable internet points! No, he wrote that on his face so that people don't sell his pictures to celebrity tabloids, he doesn't really care if people take his picture, just as long as they don't make a profit off of his picture."
He should of put padding inside his gloves to cover half the goal tbh karius coulda had a deck chair and sat down on his line that match and had an actual front row seat. Had literally nothing to do and he couldn't do anything about the goal
"Of course not there's no such thing as LIBERAL propaganda I assume you comment the same thing on dailykos links, then?"
"Yay! Guess what's coming next? Xbox Live for PC, with paid multiplayer."
"Wait, trickle down economics is not science? We Can Stop Pretending Any of the 2016 Republicans Believe in Science"
"Yeah because those taxes have done nothing positive whatsoever We already pay taxes, including income tax which was put into place only for WW1 and is still around"
"can i have ur account? That's it, I'm out :-) 4 years, 4 seasons, still Silver. Nothing better in sight. TIL I am just not good enough in this game to really enjoy it anymore. Time to start something useful with my life. Cya in RL!"
"So, amd cards? It basically sits in the middle ground between integrated graphics and a separate card."
"It's horse armor all over again. Respawn, you are a bunch of greedy bastards"
"Maybe she didn't even notice him putting the gloves on because the palms were missing How do you think he explained to Hae why he was putting on red gloves in the Best Buy parking lot while she was in a hurry to go get her cousin? When do you think he got rid of the red gloves, before or after Cathy's?"
Broncos can't avoid getting blown out if they aren't cheating. Broncos without TD.
You dropped this: i guess sarcasm clearly doesnt translate well online
"Because being told what to do by an omnipresent father figure isn't authoritarian at all. Religion isn't doing this, a governmental organization is. Religion is not inherently like this. What you really dislike here is authoritarianism, which government doesn't have to be, and which religion doesn't have to be."
Must've been because of all the French people there Honestly depressing.
"But how else are states supposed to raise the money they need to fund the education of poor children, so that those kids don't grow up to make poor financial decisions? TIL those making less than $10,000 a year spend $597 on the lottery meanwhile the average US household spends $162. States not only know this; they actually target the poor with lottery ads."
"He did say 'High powered bikes'..... Well great, I'm about to start working in Kensington."
"Oh, so fuck all the non-Islamic non-European countries, right? Green =Islam"
"Clearly councillor Perks and Layton are responsible for these two deaths Twitter / nataliealcoba: In press release, Cllr Mammoliti calls on Cllrs Perks and Layton to resign in wake of two deaths at VELD Music Festival."
#revokeplanets2016 When was Space Engineers at its best?
HAHAHAHABAHGAGAA Funniest comment of 2014 right there! Mrs. Hipster 2014?
"Time to go to /fit/ :'c Guess I gotta give up on being a phantom weight mma fighter I'm 5'11"" at 175... you might want to get checked out"
Because we know Macs are hardly even computers Cause we know that gaming on our macs isn't really a thing.
You mean MacFrugals you fucking transplant. Bring back big lots. :(
"But he is 15 points behind in the polls! *IT IS FUCKING INSANE* That the MSM isn't mentioning this trail of bodies! Globalism has ruined our free press. Trump has got to win, folks."
Inflatable hat! Well large wearable that isn't a shirt and hasn't been in a crate before kinda narrows it down
"Yeah, i find it offensive and disrepectfull to not gain a limited skin of our choice with 3 first wins. For The Reaping III will we really not be getting any free chest rolls? Listen, I like free gems as much as the next guy. But last year we got free chest rolls to the Halloween chest which was awesome. With the addition of a certain sexy black cat skin to the Halloween chest I was really looking forward to some free chest rolls. P.S: From the look of the title this sounds really needy so I'd like to just thank Hi-Rez for being such great developers. They don't have anything to gain by doing these events but they do it anyway, just because they care about this community they've spent so much time building. Again, thank you Hi-Rez staff, VER."
But I thought it didn't matter since it depends on your tv? Difference in quality would show up in an uncompressed video. See tomb raider.
"You forgot the Actually Op shouldn't contact Sony at all, haven't you read about the shitty support they offer? They might even ban his psn account if he demands a new battery :/"
"OMG, YOU'RE SAYING THEY SHOULD BE EVEN MORE RACIST THAN THEY ALREADY ARE? For everyone saying to wall the city in or pull the police out, that's not the solution. They need to show the town they aren't scared and they aren't gonna run. As much as it sucks, there are people in that town that need the police. It's not fair that the actions of few could potentionally hurt thousands. The police should step up their patrols, increase their visibility and interact with the community."
"Personally I can't back him because he thinks that Star Trek was better than Star Wars. You fuckin people are soo set on personalities and labels. Is it possible to agree with the guy without adding: Oh, but he is still crazy. Who gives a fuck if he isn't on your team, the fact that you have a team to begin with makes you a tool."
"Yes, more of a power vacuum in Syria would help the situation so much just like it helped in Iraq! I pray for Assad to get destroyed every night. God willing we will get a president to take action this year"
"This. Comments like ""this"" are downvoted heavily because there's a button next to the post that serves the same purpose"
"I heard 5 and your considered medically insane. 2 is getting dangerous. You better watch out, if you do 3 you'll be kill."
"they're sooo overpaid that they're willing to risk losing their jobs to get a little more money on the side...cough xwx lcs players, overpaid to play games"
This hasn't been brought up before. Mini games in the tower Often times I find myself running around in the tower because there is nothing specific I want to do but I still want to play the game. It would be pretty cool if there were a set of minigames you could play from the tower just for fun. There wouldn't be any major reward for playing other than just enjoying the game. I was thinking maybe something like sparrow racing or fun little shooting games. Thoughts?
Seriously what the fuck is a vita? No one knows what the vita is
"I took it to get laid, like a true alpha Psychology is actually heavily skewed in terms of women."
Because a Diablo split-push is waaaay better! The real question is why weren't you taking that boss already when you had a 5v3 advantage and were 3 levels ahead.
world war is not beautiful Battlefield 1 in-game screenshot. Most beautiful game yet?
Got damn foreigners making me press unnecessary amounts of buttons. Press 2 for English
don't worry the game will be full release this summer all bugs will be fixed... I fucking love the animation glitches in this game
At least there's no water damage. Problem is: How do you get the car out?
Because the people who spend their time protesting have good paying jobs Make the protesters pay for the money lost by the airline during the bullshit protest
Yeah pregnant ladies and children shouldn't have freedoms. I felt that way until I saw all the pregnant ladies and children.
Be quiet peasant. I came from a farm.
And the first one wasn't even a highlight That was not very good. 6 highlights after 5 days of playing?
Why so many kids photos?Does he also deal in child marriage? This is how an arranged marriage brokers place looks like in Bangalore..
time to color it in and do it a few thousand more times How a beer label is made
"Well it's now obvious the Pope is an anti-christian, socialist, Murica hating liberal. Pope on Trump: Anyone who wants border walls isn't Christian"
"Donating to a fantastic cause. Working as the treasurer of a fraternity, I once had about $20,000 in cash on hand from alumni donations."
"Sorry we aren't all MLG at the Witcher like you are :( Whole thread then is unnecessary. Witcher game is all about using different technics , items &amp; abilities for different monsters. If you don't want to use them fine (its your choice), but don't come and kvetch about how hard is it to fight them in groups or etc."
But why supply air at all when you can blow on it for free? It's not that big a deal. The school spends a couple of thousand yearly supplying every branch of the school with compressed air cans that last maybe 2 or 3 through cleanings worth. So instead say we spend 80 dollars on two hand held plugged in air compressors that would do the job the canned air. At roughly the cost of a month and a half's worth of compressed air you'd be making a profit for the rest of the year. Do this with all the branches and the idea pays for itself within two months and from there on out saves you cash. This coupled with my power save idea would have saved the school tons in electric costs and supply costs along with making our equipment last longer an be cleaner since we wouldn't get yelled at for using a whole can to clean out some dirty as hell computer.
Didn't realise it was comeback 24/7 TDM.. Weapon loot increased +10% in supply drops during double XP weekend
"All pray to Obama, the savior of the free world! So like a government mandated tithe?"
"Same Kinda sick of hearing it actually i use the destiny ps4 theme, and it plays every time i start up."
Good to know they're keeping their form Some cancer the Twitch chat made
"Well, that's a surprise. Tiger Moms Are Bad For Kids: ""Kids of self-proclaimed tiger moms have worse grades, and they are more depressed and more alienated from their parents."""
but u just said envyus r the best He's asking for the second best not the first best Envyus are the best
Well we could certainly use a larger selection of fattening foods. Doctors have voted overwhelmingly to urge the UK Government to remove health and social care services (the NHS) from a controversial trade agreement between the EU and United States (TTIP) | Doctors warned the deal would open up the health service to privatisation by US firms
Great another Occidentalist jab. I'm pretty sure douchebaggery originated in Europe and was spread throughout her colonies many moons ago.
"Because that's the only course of action. Let me ask, do you think we should go to war over Crimea? Cause if not, we need to get over it."
"From the MSNBC video it looks like LW1 has gained a lot of weight - is that our fault too? He is still going strong on that ""women are in constant danger from these losers that we don't believe get out of their mothers basement"". Fuck him and his fear-mongering click-bait"
"*win the referendum There was no plan because they were totally out of touch with British opinion towards the EU, and didn't expect to actually lose the referendum."
He's a DEFIANT man!Obvs. Thirsty youngins today....I swear!
Aw man I love having the top 13/20 posts being about the collab Please use the sticky for DC Collab information.
"He's a total scrub. Yea, but after that"
Okay but what have you done for me lately? 8 straight Northwest Division Championship banners say otherwise.
"Matching two people on physical attractiveness makes for good relationships always! Seeing how tinder is a DATING website, it's sad that guys have to use that just to get you know, laid. &amp; ruin it for the women who are looking for a real meaningful relationship."
"That's Arthur, his head's shaped like an american football right? What about... And I say hey, hey! What a wonderful kind of day. In a world where we laugh and play. And get along with each other."
"That's good OP, keep judging A true unpopular opinion (at least in today's society)"
"Surely, this will covered in reduced spending elsewhere. Arch spat: Director approves spending; taxpayer duty doubles"
Im glad they kept the slide celebration Footage from the E3 NHL 15 Demo
"Use wind! Meanwhile rogers advertises their shit game center live, use it anywhere! Ya fucking right, I only have 2 gigs and I already pay 100 bucks a month for my phone bill."
"And look how great are ISPs in the States! Poor countries can negotiate with Facebook. Something is better than nothing. In the US, cities couldn't afford to put cable in the ground so the cable companies agreed to do it for free provided that they would be the sole providers of cable TV. That's the trade-off the cities made."
"see now, I didn't believe her phone was hacked but I *did* believe she was kidnapped. Correct answer."
This will surely end well. Chinese authorities order residents of restive Xinjiang region to turn in passports
I think at around 500 you become post-human So a higher IQ is proportionate to how human you are? Got it. So at what point is maximum human reached? What does my IQ have to be for that?
NOT OUR TANK COMMANDER Virtanen + Bartkowski for Nylander
Weird what kind of deck is this considered?
"Nice English, you make us proud Max Emiliaan Verstappen of Orange and the order Nassau .... I'm dutch, can you tell?"
I thought smoking weed supported terrorism? DUI checkpoint is nothing like going after someone selling weed. Drunk drivers kill a lot of people. Smoking weed doesn't kill anyone. Drunk drivers are actual criminals.
"Dat cinematic 30 fps They do have a cinematic mode. It's called the ""console version""."
"awww ... you're just being sexist. I really think hers will go down in the annals of modern American history as one of the most inept tenures of Speaker the House has seen. Her ability to piss away support, political capital, and loyalty from party members is astonishing."
ready to go out in the groups ;) f0rest is ready
"But if you had a gun, you could take on the military. Canadian checking in. I don't have a gun and am currently not dead or in immediate danger."
Can't your parents just give you the money? No... Have enough money for toy =\= Can afford toy.
"You're going to Jahannam regardless, filthy infidel Well.. That sounds about right"
"Because they are much more important then everyone else and it's all verizon's fault, duh! Why?"
"good thing we have the greek guy on it now at the comission A direct consequence of the headless immigration policies by European parties. This is democracy, for better or for worse, depending on your point of view."
"No, no, that's when the Hulk gets so mad he punches a hole in the universe and throws the reality warper into it, thus ending its life. Depends. When someone says Thor vs Hulk, I want to scream and explain the concept of the Hulk being able to become stronger and stronger due to anger. However when someone tries to say Hulk could totally become stronger than The Living Tribunal due to anger being infinite.... Okay well this REALITY WARPER just decided Hulk doesn't exist. Don't try to tell me that he is so angry it ""just doesn't work."
"If men are doing it, and women are doing it, that makes it cool right? Well I guess two wrongs make it okay :P"
"Yeah, because no women play Final Fantasy ever and no high school girl ten years ago had an image of Reno from Advent Children on their binder. Gladiolus, a male power fantasy and nothing to do with women's preferences. At least according to John McIntosh."
It's also kind of sad that he wasn't macroing like a beast and doing drops and pincer attacks at the same time... Kinda sad he isn't target-firing so he kills more (the spinecrawler and 1-2 roaches were 1hit away from death) but nonetheless that was awesome. Sickness is one of those players I really want to see get out of code B.
"Sprinkles and chocolate syrup as the veggies \#healthy living Does a banana split count as fruit? Yeah, of course it does..."
"How can I respond to this without using the Internet? Hey, non-Seahawks fans, name one of Seattle's offensive linemen without using the internet."
"Silly T4O, satire is when somebody means it seriously but you can't criticise them for it To the person who reported this as spam and clickbait, it's neither. It's a satire piece."
"Get out of here with that communist talk Meritocracy must be voluntary or else it feels like an an unwilling and accelerating treadmill to ordinary people. It should be a game floor for passionate, creative people to contend and collaborate, not a circumstance of suffering for people who simply want to have a nice life with their families."
"You get out of here with your level head and rational perspective! That could be due to the mods and not the reddit admins, however."
"You get that list all wrong, 1.92 is the best. How is spectre 1.92? Fuck this. Spectre best waifu."
"Well, if you've seen the entire video... he couldn't get it in the hole, even with two inches. Cheating ex's RW I wouldn't let him have a ""goodbye"" shag before he left."
but its also way better too Just wondering... Part of me thinks that using a subreddit is more complex and less convenient than just dealing with messenger.
"...a man with your kind of foresight can *only* work at the American CIA, am I right? The difference between sharks and bacteria is the rate of reproduction, and therefore mutation. If the options are... Use this in the oceans, and some new strain of shark, generations from now, might grow immune to it (with limIted evolutionary advantage) Vs... Never use it and see no benefit from it. I think the choice is obvious."
"I'm sure that ""journalist"" is a physician who meets with Derrick daily, that's why he knows exactly what's right! The argument for why Derrick Rose should come off the bench to start his return."
"Russia is a free country! Italy, recreational drones can essentially be used only away from infrastructure and not on city territory."
"So you've been shilling this guy for the past year but can't even delay your trip to cancun to cast the so-important-vote... surprise surprise ""With all due respect to the Civil Rights Movement, what we are seeing today and what Bernie is fighting for is far more important The system is rigged against us. My state for example has their primary day during Spring Break."""
"You just can't accept N. Fredbear was a girl this whole time, can't you? Not that part"
"Just get a better job, mate! This is a dark day to be a low income earner."
"What the fuck OP he needs ice cream I'm calling CPS My 2 year old has just started faking stomach pains... It goes something like this: while clutching his stomach ""ahhh my stomach hurts, papi i need ice cream"" this reminded me of that. Children are master manipulators and experts at siezing an opportunity."
"If you feel threatened by me stating a fact, you must be pretty small, bro Dick size. I don't give two shits about how big your salami noodle is, okay kid?"
"yeah, now i never have to mow the lawn anymore...what a shame Their defense mechanism works on you."
In America it is No it doesn't.
"Can't let those safety nets become hammocks, can we? They won't be happy until they have eliminated minimum wage and Social Security."
"Welcome to the Republican Party, son. why couldn't the homeless people just go to Arby's?"
oh wow reddit finally found out about hotline bling way to go you guys always up on the cultural trends right when it happens Fruit Ninja
"Oh ya, cause they are really gonna do something. how do we page the SEC? (bitter because i cant get in on this type of shit)"
"Yea, using his position as prime minister to mislead the public and blatantly lying for votes so he can stay in power has nothing to do with corruption. He was trying to appeal to a certain voter base, that has nothing to do with corruption."
"Don't we already have one in Bombay, in Juhu? India's first Aviation Park to come up in Gujarat"
"Shocker, a theological despotic monarchy doesn't believe in gay rights, let alone human rights. Saudi Arabia, the new head of the UN human rights council, wants gay rights removed from the UN development program."
"Yup, G. is *totally* going to have harrasment sent his way. Rule 4 I think."
"Man, I'm sure these comments are going to be great when I scroll down I was born in Africa but moved to the United States"
"I'm sure with Houston and SKC in the West as well it'll be totally fine if we just nap for the first two months of the season and get 2-3 points optimistically, we blood newer, younger talents to see what works with the best of this year's summer/fall sprint for the playoffs until our season gets rolling in June, right?"
Because the torturers at abu ghraib totally got the punishment they and everyone involved deserved... Biggest thing that pisses me off about shit like this is if anything close to this was pulled overseas on a deployment as a Service Member your ass would have an immediate investigation and would likely be put in the Brig. But it's ok to maim and kill fellow American citizens...
"No it's definitely the strip club. Wouldn't the equivalent be going on a ""guys night"" to a bar with his friends instead of specifically a strip club?"
Gotta get your fire resistance up after that SICK BURN TRACK GOT DROPPED TODAY? iso rals would prefer to buy in bulk.
"Wait you don't like the objective circle blocking your entire view of the area and even blocking enemies like some kind of Starwars laughing man? A suggestion for a minor UI change, what do you think?"
What materia are you gonna meld into it Munificent Moggle Mogtome!
Communism ! You Don't Get to Pick Your Tax Rate. Neither Should Corporations
"And that sesto elemento, don't even get me started The Veneno is the plainest car ever, maaaaan"
Maybe he should have tied his shoes after all. Jaguars announced RB Denard Robinson is out for season with a foot sprain.
"My jobs just lays people off but I am in the office so there is no excuse not be bust for 50 hours a week even during the slow times My job gives me 4 day work weeks during the winter, it's great."
"Maybe if we all meme hard enough, Konami might decide to give Crystal Beasts their own Field Spell. Crystal beasts are not worthless as you said, but they're not good for the reasons you mentioned, specially the pendulums, those guys are meh, they're not bad but they dont help the deck enough to be worth talking about or making a crystal beast build about them. Crystal beasts are a really underwhelming beatdown-rank 4 deck that desperately needs support because their problem is that they're super weak, their effects are not that bad, they're just super fucking underwhelmingly weak."
"ITT: I really don't see how a bunch of hopeless people worrying about dying is going to affect me Without Obamacare, 52 million Americans could be denied insurance"
"Us canucks are totally biased against Euros though. ...and the other 4 Canadian team captains were European. (Sundin, Koivu, Naslund, Alfredsson)"
This looks like a fun sport to watch live. The difference new engines make in Formula 1
Drone bombing is the same thing as mass genocide! Dude we drone the fuck out of everything. Go stop it.
"Thanks, Reverend Moon! South Korea does no teach evolution in schools"
"That's how ya die, bud Xan with beer When I take Xanax I feel the high just like normal but always have a craving to get a buzz. By buzz I mean just drinking one beer. I know you're not suppose to take alcohol with xan but will one beer really harm you, or would it just make you feel good with a buzz? Share your experiences or knowledge and let anyone benefit off this post"
"5th graders shouldn't be smoking weed, or anything in general. Are you higher than a 5th grader?"
"dude, spoiler alert! My auto correct prefers the all caps option for particular words..."
PPMD already did an AMA AMA request: Westballz AKA Weston Dennis Can we get the most entertaining Falco main in the world to do an AMA?
"Comments like yours burn me out Seems to me that burn-out is a new trend and that it's easy to say ""I've a burn-out"", kinda new excuse"
"Why don't you rather just give some suggestions to the mods, that's what they're there for! but why dont we make it better?"
"Because the current jungle meta is super fun to get dunked on by at levels 3-18 Maybe they miss the days of Feral Flare WW, Xin, and Yi? People don't realize the changes to the jungle have to ome little by little. If they over buff tank junglers, Zac and Nauti will be overpowered because of the CC they bring, creating a meatshield meta that would be frustrating to play against. All in due time guys. Riot doesn't get enough credit."
go back to your kangaroos Austrian party head calls Germany's Merkel 'dangerous woman'
Age is just a number Dude how old is she even???
I fucking love how a bank's response to someone not having enough money is to take more of the money they don't have. Just when I thought good karma was coming my way.
"It does it you implement gun control! Look at history, socialism never works."
"But...but..he's *productive*! Cool you found one use case for a $1500+ laptop that is good for email and excel.. 2 things that literal $50 tablets can manage while being even lighter than that macbook. To each their own, but your example is extremely, extremely anecdotal"
"It depends on what the definition of ""up"" is This new ""Clean This Up"" Email is gaining traction faster even than O'Keefe's videos. I think this could be the big one. Back in the 70's it took actual, audible words from Nixon on deleting the tapes to really drive the investigation forward. We hadn't had that yet publicly for Clinton or her aides. All we had was a bunch of """"""""COINCIDENCES"""""" that could be explained away by them. We now have the 21st century equivalent of that. I think the speed at which this is getting picked up by the MSM speaks to how important this one email is."
"But feminism is all about peace, love and equality between the sexes. Human rights activism is now a blood sport"
"yeah, the paintball gun sound was *so* beautiful Am I the only one that thinks that the old sound was beautiful? The gun sounds terrible now. I will most likely stop using this gun because it sounds awful, and this is the gun that has carried me from 20 to 29 (hopefully 30 soon). I love this weapon but the new sound is atrocious."
The perfect plan... President Obama extends invitation to Ahmed Mohamed to bring the clock he was arrested for to the White House
"Yeah lets keep Europe an irrelevant continent under the boots of US and China for the future Because that's whats best right? I predicted this, I wonder how long it will be for people on this sub to realise pretty soon the EU will only exist in history textbooks. Us Brits have lead the way, my intuition tells me France will be the next to go."
"Yeah but Bledsoe is *10th* Kerry Collins is #15 all-time for passing yards, and I doubt anyone has him considered for an all-time great or anything even close to it."
"I think Target should label things for black and white people separately. Man Poses as Target on Facebook, Trolls Haters of Its Gender-Neutral Move With Epic Replies"
"Wow these retarded boots that made Thresh super idiotic back in the days surely needed a buff Attacking wards with Boots of Mobility no longer disables the boots passive! Tested it on PBE! Sadly no footage to prove, but it actually works!"
Yeah they are fucking disrespectfull assholes for not learning our language properly. Yeah such a shame they spelled rogue incorrectly. As you can tell from their voice chat they're all fluent in English. What a shame.
"Whoa, I'm sure they did not think of that. Lot of money to spend on something that can be defeated with a mirror."
"That sounds like a *you* problem... I have never personally been catcalled, nor have I seen any other woman being catcalled."
"Let political correctness prevail. How would you define race or racism? I had a take home test for my race and the law class recently with this as a question. The test has been turned in nearly two weeks, but I still am thinking about this question. Reddit I curse you with this question because I want to know the thoughts you guys have. My definition was that race was a immoral but rational construct designed to allow the exploitation of a weaker group by convincing non inquiring minds skin color was more important than humanity, pretty much."
"Yay for the rape joke, we can really pride on our maturity as a community here in Eve! ""Gooons undocked and locked in a rape cage"""
He did state it's his house though. He is trying to be the alpha of the house.
Because he's a righty and they are accounting for that in his targeter Why is Erlang Shen's pin off centered?
"Ha ha, is that a new player from The Crew? Bull Bar and all!"
"He supported Clinton, didn't he? How can he lead the country if he neglects an entire subsect of the population?!"
"The Romans drank it, what's the big deal? This is the poster the Government put out to residents of Flint telling them its ok to bathe their babies in lead water."
"But my problem is exclusive to me, surely it's never happened to anybody else or a FAQ, right there in the sidebar"
"When white people started dabbing then you know it's not cool anymore. Since when did the ""dab"" ever look cool?"
Thanks. High school *everyone* is dumb.
"Yeah, because in the real world you only have to write about what you want and not what your boss tells you to. Maybe the schools shouldn't frame it around Sociology if you want people to be better technical writers, you need to force them to write in their actual major classes. You want me to write a report and care, make it in a class that matters to me."
"Donald is an illegal immigrant from Jamaica! pffft, Donald was born in Jamaica (is that part of Queens?)"
"So you're saying this is a good thing because Terra was a frigid bitch before? The tldr version: Ice caps regulate earth's libido. Without them, things get all hot and steamy up in this business."
They picked this over OceanView. Could they pick a worse name?
"Because the UK has such a small population Ermehgerd another brit, here I am thinking I'm alone, Im thinking about the begger's soldier seem's good I will take you up on said offer"
Even worse than the actual terrorists! Merkel has terrorized her own country
"and possibly playing games iswell Think I'm going to celebrate with a size of cake, and a soda."
"I like how you are getting downvotes by asking for evidence I'd love to see any evidence you have of Hardware bans not being effective. If by ""don't work"" you mean they don't completely and entirely prevent all hacking from existing then of course not. That's a stupid thing to even expect."
"Yes the form of protest/civil disobedience that was necessary to found the country and get rid of a form of injustice has no relevance to how we should approach protests and civil disobedience in this nation to fight a form of injustice. Yeah it was, but it has nothing to go with this discussion. Maybe you should be talking about Washington's sneak attack across the Delaware?"
It is political correctness gone mad! Yep. Their goddamn political correctness is already here.
seriously he should kill himself what a loser fuck up Did this guy even think it through or just randomly selected?
gr8 post 10/10 Plebs and their consoles
"Who the FUCK are you to tell other people what does and does not make a difference? A lot of people. Personally I'd rather see people talking about these candidates politics, their race or sexual orientation should not make *any fucking difference*. This isn't history, it's just upvote bait."
"Shill! What about anti-depressants is ""soul-crushing""? Obviously they aren't a magic bullet and they may be over prescribed, but speaking from personal experience, it was the depression that was soul-crushing. Medication helped me tremendously in overcoming that. It has helped many others as well."
Why must Alhammarret's Archive be rotating? Combustible Gearhulk
"oh yeah, im totally a bootlicking democrat. Doing damage control for democrats and then denouncing partisan politics, you sir are a hypocrite and a moron"
"I'm just glad he is playing for a big market team The ""Tiny Traitor"" Returns for trial."
"No, obviously this kid needs his wits beaten into him... Why would you whip a kid for this? He saw everyone running and did what he should have done, he ran. He probably didn't even know what was coming at him."
"Watch Hannibal Rising to find out What do you imagine Hannibal's childhood self was like? The TV show's incarnation, that is."
Best status of 2011 Type your name...
That old fucker was reaching for my gun and I was in fear of my life so I tasted that criminal. Officer tases 91-year-old at nursing home
"Right, because Obama has never overstepped his power or done anything to spite one of the other branches of government... Checks and balances are required for the government to function, something that runs at odds with the entire Republican party platform."
"[A river?] What runs all day, but never walks. Often murmurs, never talks. Has a bed, but never sleeps?"
"No you idiot you clearly thought that cat had a complex enough psyche to contemplate existence enough to realize without food, he is better off to go out on his own terms. I... wasn't being literal of course. Who honestly thinks a cat's self destructive behavior is suicidal? If you have no concept of mortality, is it even possible to be suicidal?"
It's not racism if she's white! he probably got bad vibes from your family and made the ironic mistake of tarring you with the same brush. I know one of my mates who has strict nigerian parents made him stop seeing a girl basically because she was white and they didn't approve. Shit ain't it!
Posting this on an Eminem subreddit was a GREAT idea! Who is GOAT? **Poll**
"That sounds like so much fun... Whatever she has to tell herself to keep from pulling her hair out. When they say ""I hate you, Mommy!"" I guess that's their way of saying ""thanks"" and when they're disobedient that's how they express that they appreciate the values she's attempting to instill in them."
"wtf is trammel? Unless it was in pussyland (aka Trammel), in which case he could just sit there and run his mouth forever with no recourse. UO was probably the best game ever made before EA ruined it."
"lol u weeb Looking for specific Priscilla wallpaper The wallpaper has Priscilla's tail being hugged by a chibi knight, her looking back towards him. I cannot find the unedited clean version. It was deleted from my phone somehow and I need my waifu Priscilla."
well duh it's 1 more pitch Pitch counts are massively overrated. Amount of stressful pitches is much more relevant than pure amount of pitches. One 35 pitch inning is MUCH worse than two 17 pitch innings.
no Italian in the squad :( except him .. feel for the lad .. but i guess nice guys Mata and Herrera are learning Italian by now Schneidy at least have Shaw. Darmian got no one.
"Yes, we should force people to use birth control, force adoptions, or take away their children if they don't have any money! I agree. They should go through the same requirements parents that want to adopt must have."
Picking up ENCE on July 1st. SK and team part ways
"But remember, it's not racism, because racism only applies to systems of power! The anti-white sentiments I have seen from the livestreams of these protests is absolutely disturbing."
That's how I answer the phone when unknown numbers call. Who starts off a conversation like this?
"sounds like gay marriage has destroyed everything! For the first time since records began, there are more single people than married in the US"
"Yeah way to victim blame, Einstein. ""Einstein is a cis scum shitlord"" ~ Tumblr"
"Yeah, the Vatican is gonna put all its manuscripts online... Vatican library digitises 1,600-year-old edition of Virgil - Seventy-six pages and 50 illustrations from the great Latin epic made available to all, part of a project to put all its 80,000 manuscripts online"
You just don't meet them because you say poppycock. Poppycock. We all know there are no women on the Internet...
"Can't wait for the LFG posts asking for 395+ light in the fist 2 days after heroic drop If u are at ~385ish, first thing u should do is archon forge when the patch is up. Ghosts, artifacts and classitems for free before u open faction packages or do the nf and open your exos. At least me is not leaving the forge without having these items at around 390"
"Sure all they had to do was change the license-plate and maybe a bit of a new paint-job and they could have gotten away with it. Two men, aged 66 and 19, arrested for stealing fire engine in Larne, Co Antrim"
I love the you disagree with me so you must be fat logic! Someone got offended I wouldn't date a guy twice my age... Trigger Warning
Liberal agenda in action Civil War II is slowly making it so Kamala is the only Marvel character I care about
"lol sweet bro Haha, about to try that right now, u know after a few tokes :P"
"So, you hate women and black people? They're both bad. That better?"
"Women never, ever lie about rape and sexual assault. A man who spent 19yrs in prison for sexually assaulting a California county clerk-recorder has accused the clerk of lying about the assault - the clerk has been recently charged with lying about death threats being sent against her."
"such a new idea, never heard of it I think our summoner icons should have explanations when you hover over them!"
"Yeah, why can't Marvel Studios make movies that aren't based on their comics? And hopefully all the superheroes will die in this movie so we can get some new movies."
"Well, they do cause people to become serial killers. ITT: People who take videogames too seriously."
"TEST not reimbursing talwars, more news at 10! Wow, TEST is really broke."
"But seriously, its just about Southern Pride! TIL the Confederate Battle Flag, the modern day symbol associated with the Civil War, was never formally adopted by the Confederate congress nor flew at any state capitols. It became popular due to its use by the KKK and Southern Dixiecrats during the mid 20th century."
I thought we hated less? The BLEH Stack: Simple Websites With Node.js
"Raftel Oda's location and safety So I think we were disappointed about the episode, but let's not forget about the health of our lord and savior Goda. Can someone tell where oda lives? Can we think that he is fine?"
Thought it didnt need an Says the guy with an EU flag as a flair.
"It doesn't help that I got kicked out of Boy Scouts for eating a brownie. So sorry, I just remembered that short snatch of a song I heard long ago. Note; I am NOT condoning pedophilia in ANY way, shape, or form!"
I would gladly take some of his money to help him with his problems. Notch seems really bored with his rich life
but Jews can't tell you what is and isn't anti-semitism because we're evil and sneaky. This goes for everyone.
But guys it was totally Justified because Mass grave uncovered containing dozens of Palestinians killed in 1948 war that founded Israel
"OMG, you're trying to convince people to pass on best profit in their lives and become rich instead of them. yup i am doing the same thing. will wait prices to drop"
"Not like there was the red scare or anything...nope, just lazy socialists. Can't imagine why the revolution isn't happening...."
Sleep with his best friend to get even with him. My boyfriend just broke up with me. What now? What do I do?
(Platinum) that only very few talented players can experience. The reason for this AMA is that a certain individual (me) has reached a milestone (Platinum) that only very few talented players can experience.
Ohhhh that explains why they are only available in creative mode! command blocks are cheating
Can we get back to 9/11 memes already? The joke is done. Just stop now.
Well that was a short visit.... Justin Trudeau - Easter Vacation in Newfoundland
Are you asking what a vacuum cleaner is and how to fix it? How would you fix the ending of that thing thats ending sucked?
Men can't be the victim of sexism because of The Patriarchy^^^TM What things are sexist against men but not women?
Will try. meth
Because without those other people you wouldn't be able to perform your labor! Explain to me why other people have a better claim to my labor than me.
"You could always get on eBay and drop a grand on a gold model... The 5s is sold out everywhere in my town and surrounding areas...what now? I'm wondering if I should order online and wait or if I should keep checking back at stores (AT&amp;T, Apple Store, Best Buy, and Target) over the coming week..If I do order online, you think I'd get it faster from Apple or from AT&amp;T? I'm really wanting to get it before October 15th because I locked in to sell my 4s on Gazelle for $200 and I'm afraid it will lose more value if I can't ship it off by then."
But America had a recession in 2008! Number of Russians Living in Poverty Jumps to Highest Level For a Decade
"They keep shooting themselves, because we need more gun control in this country, people! People seem to disappear these days when ""investigating"" during their journalism."
"HAM: BEST FANS OF THE YEAR! But didn't you hear? They're a great crowd, Hamilton said it himself so it must be true."
Yeah that drought was really brutal I didn't know that it was 10 years between your last championships. So used to watching you guys in the new year.
"This could soon be out biggest export BOOM! That's the sound of 6,000 bogans getting jobs, meanwhile we cut jobs at the CSIRO"
Free only has 4 letters not 6. First 6 letters are silent.
"Because Khepri is a fair and balanced god. Why does Khepri dash go through minions, while Sobek's doesn't? It's been bothering me since Khepri came out. Why can he dash through the minion wave to catch a god but Sobek has to either clear it or risk pulling a minion?"
"Marvel so they can get continue getting paid to make fun of DC If someone was ever going to buy out RLM, who would it be?"
"You've been suppressed by Rick Scott it seems, call your local media! Hey I showed up to the voting place, however they didn't let me vote because I didn't register a month before the deadline. I never voted before so i'm new to all of this, and nobody told me about registering to vote."
"Yeah, I hate when people react to horrific events. The best part of the whole video is the fact that it's not filmed some American who emotionally shouts, WOW's and comments trough whole video to insert himself into the narrative."
I now copyright it and yes he plagerized his own work Is it plagiarism if it's from your own previous work.?
"Ah great point Ken Beger, this is a really great contract actually. If you have sticker shock on Mozgov deal, you're not getting it. Lakers went for need and fit; market and cap dictate amount."
"I.. I hope for your own sake you dropped this Are you implying that anyone without a scrotum is by default weak, thereby alienating the entire female population into a lesser subclass of individuals? Triggggered."
"What could possibly go wrong? Los Angeles wants to automate reasonable suspicion with license plate readers, every driver through 'prostitution area' is a john to be shamed with letter to their home"
"Joseph Kony is no true Christian. Exactly. The seeds are there in the text. They just need fertile soil and lots of manure to let the violence grow. Check some of the Christian regimes in Africa, for example, to see how this works for the bible as well."
"Nonsense, BI have missed another goal in which they explicitly said that it wasn't guaranteed or even had a good chance of happening so therefore they are literally the worst developers ever and DayZ is literally the worst game ever made and we must riot and constantly harass them to no end and then complain about the lack of transparency that we brought upon ourselves. Am I the only one that's not that bothered by the delays? I'm enjoying playing some other games, it's not the end of the world. I'll be back when the next update hits and I'm confident it will be worth the wait."
Because being thin can never possibly lead to being healthy or happy. It's like an alcoholic complaining about all the AA meetings in his city...
Non Muslims didn't all get invited to a Masked Ball. France Veil Ban: Government Targets Muslim University Students
"wow this is the first time i'm seeing this on reddit She Said, ""YES"""
Locker room lists Harvard women's soccer team members respond to sexually explicit 'scouting report'
"Yeah but that was like 4 episodes ago, so D&amp;D have clearly lost all their skill now. Hold the door."
bbbuutt... buuuttt... climate change is a myth... The Temperature of the World since 1850
...and he therefore doesn't have arms and legs? He's already dead...
"They are both about climbing and shooting, they are definitely exactly the same why do people continue to compare uncharted and tomb raider? uncharted is a cinematic ride with some shooting on the side. tomb raider has become a semi open world stealth game with side quests, crafting and collection. comparing the two is fucking ridiculous now"
That's going to help a lot now for sure... Bill Clinton Apologizes for His Role in America's Prison Epidemic
"ROFL, yes thats totally what happened. Those are false paradigms and you've taken my reply personally, which I specifically pointed out it is not. If you want to live with a stagnant, inaccurate worldview, it is your right to do so. I offered some insight that would cause many to rethink their prejudice in this matter, you've chosen a different path. Reality can be ignored in favor of selective bias if you choose that mindset. So be it."
"Already have Titanfall 2, thanks for the help Ask for a refund. Buy titanfall 2."
"guise it isn't his fault, he just has a really high babip My masterpiece"
All those bribes the traffic police takes must give them hand fatigue Thanks for working so hard!
"Yeah all those States Bernie won like PA, NC, FL, OH It's just painful to see her lose to trump states that Bernie won, and that's after she decided to skip over them in her arrogance."
"Troll game is on point Let them have this, they've been bottom feeders for so long they deserve some light in that city. All they have is BBQ for god's sake, have some pity!"
"Because the Catholic Church has sooooooo much power. I would argue that Jesus spoke very harshly against having material wealth. The Catholic Church is in the Power business, not the Jesus business, so who cares what their official position is."
Probably due to deflated footballs Running backs don't fumble when playing for the pats. If I recall Ben Jarvis green-ellis didn't fumble at all during his time with them
"We can be sure AAP fanboys have a perfectly logical justification for this. AAP conspiring with Congress to cut BJP votes, says former party candidate"
"Yeah please... we've worked so hard and so long, agonizingly supporting one of the best teams in the world, we deserve to have at least 7 world class players brought in. Monchi, Varane (or Laporte or Marquinhos), Pogba, James, &amp; Griezzmann (or Douglas Costa, or Reus, or Aubameyang) please. We deserve it."
"is that Tom Brady's personal motto or something? 502 it went through, 504, try once more!"
NMS player says they are still playing the game. Hello Games employee says they are still working on the game.
Muh realism in my fantasy battle game People who want heels on armor are ridiculous.
"Yeah, obsessing over the details of legislative instruments is far more productive... Can I get a tl;dr? Frankly I started out and I didn't care to see 1 man's ramblings."
I'm sure that's really comforting. He was able to declare bankruptcy and get it discharged.
Crazy how nature make that... I met an Ent today...
TIL Well he is a **bug**
Didn't see this coming The Canadian Trade Minister has announced that they intend to sign the TPP. Please go to this website and add your voice to those who want Canada to back out.
I'm pretty surprised sex cock is so forgiving really Someone who doesn't want someone with a drug problem living in their house? There's a shockingly large amount of people like that out there
"Telepathy is the first skill you should learn, I mean haven't you read the internet posts by 12 year old masters? We do like to label though. I have been called a ""Fake dom"" over the stupidest things including insisting on using safeword. (I'm supposed to just magically know what my girl is thinking at any given time.) But I am confident enough in my relationships that I actually bit my tongue and didn't respond to that. And even then labels are useful. When I say ""I'm a submissive switch"" it tells you a lot about me."
"There are servers for the original xbox? Xbox1 servers down? Haven't been able to connect in the arena/IKB or in coop for a couple hours now. The rest of my internet is fine, and I can party up through xbox. No problems logging into servers or getting calibrations. Anyone else having issues or has experienced this in the past?"
"HOW DARE YOU FORGET EVANDER KANE There have been a lot of great #9s (Bobby Hull, Maurice Richard, Brett Hull, Johnny Bucyk, Lanny McDonald and so on). When you retire the number across the league, no kid will be wearing it on the ice or ball hockey and its reverence will fade. The number deserves celebration, not an obituary."
"That's right, I forgot that every other countries laws are based on America's actions. I more or less meant countries will follow as America is one of the most media focused nations, all the positive response to this will prompt other countries, Australia for example to do the same. Its more about the attention to the issue of equality rather then ""yay 'murica."""
That's why they wear all that safety gear. seems like a fun way to lose a leg
Because men don't have emotions Why do fathers never get recognition?
That's a good way to stop domestic abuse. There's a story where a woman and her daughter were fighting outside of a movie theater so people called the police. They showed up and killed the father.
"Really glad I signed up to the newsletters so they could not tell me when this page went live PlayStation Now beta coming to the UK (PS4 owners first, Vita hopefully soon enough)"
Just an atiquated piece of paper... Unless you're fond of the 4th amendment.....
"Sexual content and nudity, something no one expects from Game of Thrones! What is it spoiling? Seriously, if someone took a shit you guys would consider it a spoiler."
"Duuude, nobody '*hates*' Israel, man, you're crazy. Reddit hates Israel, yet this entire video is in Hebrew. The circlejerk tends to forget how Western the country is and that its full of decent human beings."
"thxs bro, I was hoping to have nightmares tonight. Imagine waking up in the middle of the night with her standing at the edge of your bed with a pick axe."
ha filthy i7 pleb we only use dual socket xeons here i7
Next you'll be telling me half of the people who commit suicide have mental problems. Half of People Killed by Police Suffer From Mental Disability
Because other skin tones don't exist amirite? Thats one tan leg.
"Only Anubis can get an Anubis remodel silly . What gods needs an Anubis remodel? ok so i didn't even feel like goobis deserved a remodel before gods like loki and cupid and such.... goobis is a death troll and deserves to look like one, his old model was actually kind of scary, his new one looks more... majestic, but that's just me, still looks good imo. LOKI ON THE OTHERHAND, i mean really he looks so outdated and stupid and I am not buying that hobbit looking ninja skin,it looks silly and is ALWAYS on sell, its like they are stalling on his remodel by making that skin always on sell. I think he deserves a remodel (even though he is kind of a troll too), also cupid is another one that i think needs a remodel, his eyes are just too big and he looks like he shouldnt even be in this game... thats just me though another one off the top of my head would be Geb, i just dont like the fact that their are trees on his back that are super small and then their are minions that are way bigger then the trees on his back. It would be fine to me if those minions and gods are super big compared to humans, but it doesn't feel like the gods are huge beings imo. So what gods do you think deserve a remodel? are their any gods that you feel like didnt need a remodel but got one anyways."
"What is that, like 2 days' worth? So much, yet so little...."
He was terrifying as the Hourglass in Superhero Movie too. Christopher McDonald. Twenty years later and I still hate Shooter McGavin.
Pretty sure that's only a metaphor. Isn't there a verse or two in the Bible about how obeying man's law *is* obeying God's law?
"Gross negligence is certainly criminal, but regular negligence is a-ok in my book. And so it begins..."
"TIL running a game for players that don't appreciate it makes you ""That Guy"" Excuse me?"
"The odds were good. To those who have played Russian Roulette and survived, why the fuck did you do so?"
"What a reprehensible act, there's just no redemption from that. You mean the same guy that was screaming ""nigger"" to a group of blacks at a stand up show? I'm sorry you can't redeem yourself from that."
Why did you give Kyle Larson a 15 point penalty? 2016 Sprint Cup Series Full Scorecard after Daytona - Excel Screencap
"MODSMODSMODSMODSMODS I'm not a doctor, but I concur with this diagnosis. 1) Stop eating shit 2) Exercise (just walk, fuck!) 3) Watch healthcare costs in this country fall dramatically"
"But those children are dirty and most likely traumatized. ""Um, maybe God has a plan for them..."""
"Maybe they should just stop being born into the wrong family then. Yeah. It's amazing how easily you can save, when you spend your life having everything provided for you, given the very best medical care, being waited on hand and foot and generally live a life of privilege. Basically all of the things an average member of the public will only ever dream of."
Southern English is a vernacular disease. I say and now I say I say boy I say I say now I have this speech problem.
"Yeah, like the Civil Rights movement! The best liberal intentions always end in disaster."
"and we all know that we should listen to what a woman says, not watch what she does... When a guy responds with a ""maybe"" about anything from planning to coffee, it seems flakey and I tend to just let that guy go. If it's a friend, sure, I roll with a maybe. But with a guy, especially over text, it just sounds a lot like an indecisive answer and I couldn't be bothered with a guy who ""maybe"" wants to get coffee, or who only ""maybe"" wants to set a plan. Lol it's not even worth it."
"I know I feel the same way about black people, why does every show have a black main character now it's so insulting! There are too many now, it is out of hand. I get feeling guilty about pretending they don't exist for decades, but this current drive to have a couple of them in every show is nauseating. It is so tiring."
Because I see so many posts on reddit of southern states bashing northern states. Yes. The reverse is also true
"Yes, we should just let them screw us! I've been saying this for a while, but this is a game and no one is forcing you to play. Wizards is under no obligation to give prizes and host tournaments anyway."
"It's like they got the same script for the season #NFLRigged Cardinals and Panthers Similarities **Week 1:** Both lost by a last second field goal against a team that was in the AFC Conference game. **Week 2:** Won their games and scored 40+ points, looked pretty good. **Week 3:** Lost by 2 scores. **Week 4:** lost in a heartbreaking division game. Both starting QBs were diagnosed with a concussion, and may not play in week 5 against another division opponent. Don't know if this qualifies as a shit post, but I figured it was worth pointing out. *sobs*"
He sounds like a bundle of joy to be around. Why do guys think this stuff is acceptable? The end result is in the description of the album
0/7 obviously a TAS Who... Who are you? You cant be human
"yes bench your star / stud WR because of behavioral issues, and sacrifice big play ability and wins Odell will not be benched"
Ahhh come tutti gli arabi e i migranti. Germania
"Haha you didn't know you ceased to be a person when you became a vessel for life? Yep. I haven't posted a single bump pic, and I haven't mentioned anything pregnancy related since my announcement ~25 weeks. I get messages constantly asking for pictures. No, it's my body and it's not a spectacle. I also get comments on any status update or picture I post - a cute picture of my dog erupted in to a bunch of ""how are you feeling?"" ""When is your due date??"" ""Did you find out the sex??"" I was sooooo tempted to be like...My dog is great, and we've been *pretty sure* he's a boy for years, oh and he's definitely not pregnant!"
"IT'S NOT ALL ABUTT THE GRAFIX IT'S ABOUT NEW GAMES AND STUFF, THESE CONSOLES ARE MORE SINEMATIC. If graphics don't matter, then why did you upgrade to the ""next gen"" consoles"
Yes because carbohydrate metabolism is exactly the same in rats and humans Drink a lot of soda? A diet high in fructose may hamper learning and memory.
No it's pretty obvious he went to port mackerel and dried his hands from the ink. You turn into a black guy? I don't get it.
It's not guns it's those violent video games And GUNS are the reason we keep getting our schools shot up...
"Yeah because he's totally going to break your arm the first time you roll as a white belt That's a good way to tell if someone thinks they're tough or if someone is smart enough to say ""uh, hell fucking no."" I wouldn't roll with Cub Swanson if you paid me."
What conflict? Former NSA director had thousands personally invested in obscure tech firms
"So you're saying the answer is less regulation and more privatization to allow the free market and capitalism to fix all of this? I'm a Construction Inspector for a Municipality, we hire pipeline CCTV like who OP works for so we can evaluate sanitary lines. You don't pump sewage except in some cases, it's all gravity based flow - so it runs along the contours of the land, which is very often near waterways. When old infrastructure fails the sewage goes into the Earth and leeches into the ground eventually making it's way to the water table, or simply spills into said waterways. There are currently quite a few federally mandated consent decree contracts associated with the clean water act wherein municipalities (like mine) are under a time limit to evaluate and repair (by cured-in-place-pipe, pipe bursting, point repairs) old pipes in environmentally sensitive areas. It's really expensive because a lot of the time these ESA's are deep in the woods where machines and workers can't get to, so municipalities must build temporary roads with all the erosion controls associated to reach the old infrastructure. This is all really boring when I tell my Wife what I do, but I think it's interesting. When we're tearing out the woods to build these roads I feel like the villains in Fern Gully but we spend a lot to restore afterwards so it's an important job (or so I tell myself)."
"Wow, with China sucking, Korea falling apart and EU coming to NA, we'll looking to become the best region after all! Najin terminates contracts of Head Coach Reach, Ggoong and Cain, Watch, Pure, Ohq, TANK"
"Except for gays right? Gun ownership is not a ""lifestyle."" And it's not about hunting. It's a right, like speech, religion, voting, and marrying who we want."
She's a little flat chested for my taste. Kate Upton's boobs are spectacular
"Government: Such a good idea. These are not bags of rice, these are bodies of innocent children killed by the Syrian government"
Hurrr...ith furny currth thur gaaaay. I so thought you were kidding. And [then...](http://outatwrigley.com)
"Hey, just because I sit at a computer working all day doesn't mean you can diminish the exercise I get walking 20 feet to get a coffee or go to the washroom! A castle sounds badass. It's hilarious how people with easy ""jobs"" consider what they do exercise, while people with more physical jobs tend to not consider it work"
Open Source software. Hackers show how easily they can change the code on a VOTING MACHINE by installing PACMAN. Everyone that believes in democracy - we need to find a way to improve this system!
"Yes, muslims are clearly liberals who go around supporting LGBT rights and the rights of women No it isnt."
"Insigne didn't even play against Uruguay, you people are just way too harsh Immobile against Uruguay as well."
"As expected from a pussy Pokemon fan everytime i see such pictures i'm crying, because it will never come :("
"thank you so much for contributing to this sub, even if OP didn't tag this right. there is a reason for the luck tag. it is that some people dont want to see posts like this one. also, i can barely be salty about a rune drop of someone else. especially without a +12."
TIL that diversity literally forces white people to the back of the bus. The concept of 'diversity' is the new Jim Crow for white people.
UGH I hate when they gear their stuff towards little girls! It's shit like this...
Ah man that was so unique sweet koji play
"Whew, my account is safe! You get 3 attempts per card at an ATM before it captures it. So if you pick 3 random PINs, and then try those same PINs on enough stolen cards, chances are you'll get one eventually. e.g. Try 6929, 9136, 8245. I can almost guarantee at least someone reading this comment will have one of those PINs for one of their cards."
also while you're at it make me a mod noted
"He's a millennial, obviously. How will the Hillbots spin this now?"
I got some news for you: you missed the invisible I got some news for you: no one ever said that it was only for kills.
"Yeah, a multiplayer game that consistently connects people on opposite ends of the globe together on a p2p connection is amazing. If you think GTA Online is ""horrendous,"" you need to take a break from video games for awhile."
"Alcohol is the only drug, and caps lock hasn't been scientifically proven to make words harder to read! Aw man 100% sober?!!? WOW WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH YOUR LIFE THAT YOU AREN'T DRUNK TO HAVE FUN!?!?!? ...."
"Top tier racist post 10/10 post but in all honesty, if you are wearing this mask you are *probably* hiding something."
it was You realize that's Bernie right? He wasn't always a Democrat...
"Anyone can easily tell by looking at the picture that these kids are truly living a miserable life. Yup, definitely ruining the sanctity of marriage"
"*Micro$oft*, amirite guyz? sudo apt-get install mysql Fuck Microsoft!"
"Your right, No one will remember the 12 trophies, Unbeaten season, 18 years of consistent CL football, and New stadium that all happened under Wenger.... They will only remember that patch where they didn't win anything because we had to deal with stadium debt. no, people will remember going almost 9 seasons without a trophy. People remember champions, and history recognizes winners, not good patches of form."
"Well yeah it's unstoppable but not unparriable ""Unstoppable"" - Can be parried."
"Well, that's racist... Ax a question."
"Oh ok so you're saying Avery Bradley and a protected 1st round pick couldn't get Demarcus Cousins? I see Red Sox fans follow the Celtics fans model of ""give us your good player for our marginal players"" model of trade negotiations."
It's just a preference But they're more feminine Some of the most racist people I've met are white guys with strong fetishes for black or Asian girls.
"Yeah, a real gem. Extremely fun game i bought a few months ago. I predict this will get removed before anyone can comment."
"And let's be honest, at least BlazerMorte's boss exists. No. In the holocaust suffering ends after death. It's not pretty, it's not fun, it's a horrendous tragedy, but once you've killed someone, you're not giving them any more orders. This kind of manager could be your boss for a decade. That still doesn't make the holocaust a better value proposition, but you'll have ample time to consider whether it might not be in the long run [however depressing the idea is]."
"""DAE le hate American shows!"" Fuck there is an American version now? What the hell is the world coming to"
Because france is bullying Muslims. Why is this on the frontpage?
"I think Hotline Miami would be perfect! Good Vita games for 12 year old girl? Hi, My little sister loves my Vita and really wants one for her birthday, coming a few months from now. She has a 3DS and she wants a Vita for Minecraft, Terraria, Vita Pets, Tearaway, and LBP Vita plus some of the Lego games. Are there any other games you guys would recommend for her? Thanks."
haha yeah huge slardar nerfs felt really good Can we just agree that 6.86 is probably one of the best patches I mean have seriously enjoyed how the pros have adapted and how the new meta feels very balanced.
"Oh I'm sorry I guess that you heard the real story and not the bullshit made up one that the judge used in their finding. not true. they had no objection to selling to them. the problem was in fact the product being requested. had they merely asked for a cake that said ""congratulations"" or ""happy birthday"" or any product that the bakery would normally offer, this wouldn't be an issue. ultimately what happened though is that the couple singled a conservative baker for the sake of attempting to destroy their business and make an example of them with a bullshit legal complaint. what they did is the equivalent of suing a vegan restaurant for refusing to serve a bacon cheeseburger."
This could be incredibly effective. This is stupid.
I suppose I'll go back to making up stories about how I massacred 3 people after I robbed a bank. Such confession
"Strictly speaking, white is *all* the colors. ""The cartoon isn't ethnically correct since it didn't account for colors other than white!"""
"no checkertail shark, 2/10 would not fly Gotta love that Pearl Harbour event"
amiibos already are ebay exclusive Nintendo: Next wave of amiibo to be eBay exclusive
can't they get a husband? it's meant for the small portion being left out.
It's not news that Don Cherry is full of shit. Class-action lawsuit reveals company sat on 2004 study indicating Cold-FX does nothing to fight colds
"Wow, they really did an *awesome* job building this bridge. Bay Bridge designer fears leaks are damaging main cable"
Bengal's organization as well Steelers' Organization All Class After Loss
"It does..but..but you see we've all been giving so much to The Sarkeesian Effect that we don't have enough to fund this too..yeah that's it. But GamerGate represents a massive and powerful segment of the games market, right? Right?"
"Can't believe there's no Rahat.... Pakistan WT20 Squad : Four uncapped players in , Ahmad Shahzad out!"
That's a load of schiit It amazes me that the $80 ones have the same system as $400 pairs. American made can only take you so far.
Believe the upvotes! WHO DO I BELIEVE?
"no, what do you even do irl Like, in the game?"
"thanks dad If you don't have ~$20 available on your card, there are more important issues to worry about than amiibo."
But their fighting EVIL not passing out tokens at Chuck E. Cheese. Why is everyone in grey and brown? Practical means dull? Not to mention that they all look pretty much exactly the same.
Yeah...the s4 active gives a lot of credibility to their standard of toughness... Samsung Galaxy S5 to withstand the elements
He's coming back for Frankie Breaking: Gray Maynard to make UFC featherweight debut at MGM Grand on July 8
"Hillary can bring in 650 million/week, Trump obviously took that as a challenge Just not possible. Obama took 8 years to get 2.5 million people out, more than the previous 19 Presidents combined. Let's say you got rid of 3,000,000 in the first year. That's more than 8,000 deportations a day. Good luck with that, especially with his also-promised federal hiring freeze."
Says the country with a flag that looks like the Crusader flag from 1000 years ago I love reading about these obscure regions that want independence. They are so stuck in time that their flag still bears some resemblance to the Soviet flag.
"It's cleansing the body from the toxins spewed out from the capitalist pigs in government and major oil companies! Yes, baths relax muscles. But what ""toxins"" are being ""cleansed""? Bacteria? Chemical pollutants? Trans fats? Heavy metals? What process does saline water ""cleanse these toxins out of the body""?"
"DAE think only rich people should be able to enjoy things? Not sure I understand. Wasn't the word that they'd be shipping out in April? It's still April. If the purchase is large enough to cause you anxiety over a few days/weeks, you probably shouldn't have purchased it to begin with."
"Dood, that's the modders choice and we as car enthusiasts should accept car culture in all it's forms. When ur shitty car mod causes you to get stuck on a speed bump."
"You aren't rambling, you've just been struck by *white guiltTM*! No I hope you don't misunderstand me! I didn't mean it in any bad way or anything. The only bad experience I had in France was with an asshole airport security guard. I was simply stating that, of all the people that I met and talked to and such, the immigrants and the foreigners actually seemed much more amicable and friendly, although it may have just been a cultural thing. I didn't really have a point in writing my original post, just felt like sharing, but I didn't mean to differentiate people by their origin, so much as to just share my experience that even though most everyone in Paris was nice, the non-natives seemed a bit above and beyond in that department. Kinda feel like I'm rambling."
"You could've just said Government Agency Government agency. Worked with a data-intensive program with a huge budget and part of my job was to locate and correct data errors which if left unchecked could lead to serious problems for our field workers. Every morning I'd get to the office to find a hulking stack of paper on my desk, many thousands of sheets that my supervisor had ordered from the government's printing office for delivery by courier. The first page always showed how much it cost the gov to process and print the data, and the cost was often thousands of dollars for a single order. She'd get to work 30 mins after me, grab the stack and flip straight to a page number she'd written down the day before, rip out that single page and discard the rest of the stack into her trash bin. After being there a few months I started adding up the costs of her daily (sometimes multiple daily) orders in a spreadsheet. I finally showed her how much money she'd been wasting, she was shocked but defensive because she didn't know how else to access the data. So I showed her how to look up the data she wanted in the mainframe computer and print out that single page, costing us almost nothing. I also convinced the admin officer to order recycle bins for everyone in our office, because come the fuck on, it was 2010 and they weren't even recycling paper."
"God's love and grace. If they don't believe in science, then what's the shit that keeps us from floating off into space?"
"Yeah, he clearly must not have been swinging very hard because it took three full swings to break the two-inch-diameter piece of wood in half over his buddy's neck. The guy swinging isn't even swinging very hard. You can tell he isn't even trying to follow through based on where his elbows motion stops. At the end it's nothing but wrist motion, and even then he's actively pulling away from the other guys neck. Furthermore, he's using an intentionally weak stick in the unfortunate event he misjudges the swing and accidentally hits him in the throat. TL;DR: It's more of a carnival trick than it is anything to be impressed by."
"But... but.. but, cheap labor saves money, right? Seriously, imprisoning so many millions costs us as a country in the long term. Everyone's taxes go to housing and feeding these people, along with the flooding of the court system that has to try and convict all of these people for doing something harmless."
"I mean it is his fourth, once you experience it once they are all the same right? Mom should be giving birth in the locker room."
"**XENOPHOBIA** Hey mannnnn stop like, raggin on other people's cultures n stuff mannnnn"
"Yeah, with all the people being lost to Voat. So now there is a hate group list? Damn, leave reddit for a couple of days only to come back and be reminded of why I left reddit for a couple of days. This is a sinking ship my friends."
"Man, I wanna have my online drug ring be private ;_; If you have a router that's compatible with Tomato or DD-WRT then you can encrypt all traffic that connects to the internet with a router-based client. PIA is fine, no issues but they do have clauses that say they forbid doing anything illegal and will shut you off if caught. Not to mention they're all based in US-friendly zones so they could easily be logged without them being able to tell you. So unless you're doing something super illegal, PIA will probably be fine."
"What a lovely, classy gal to bring home to the parents. Please make people uncomfortable"
"That crippled child should have pulled himself up harder by his bootstraps But how terrible! This isn't just about a few possessions - this is people's *lives* we're talking about! I mean, what if your child is born with a serious disability and can't ever get insured because of that pre-existing condition - as they couldn't before Obamacare passed? They're crippled from the start, just out of sheer bad luck! I suppose this is just one of those things I'll never understand about America. :/"
"Because the theory gives more away than anything in the body of the post by a long shot. i suppose the spoiler is in the title already, so the spoiler tag is kinda obsolete."
Its name is 3 times as long so it's 3 times faster! Just like how my friend turned his Mac into a Macintosh
"Nope, nothing suspicious about this at all... Third banker found dead within a week"
This is why we need to get rid of the EPA and let the free market handle things. EPA finds toxic fracking chemical in Wyoming aquifer
"Don't you dare call me that you asshole. I appreciate your honesty, you mean, sad little man."
used goods Jiyeon
They are obviously not experts on health and *health* Canada is. This does not make sense. I know doctors who think marijuana should be legalized.
"You should stop buying AMD Forgot to say, on the lowest settings."
"But he was a good kid, was trying to turn his life around, right? he has a conspiracy charges but the stuff he did is endless, this includes attempted murder, assault, criminal possession of a weapon etc. and his song ""hot nigga"" potentially confesses to a lot of that. but na, he was just a victim of racism."
"Wasteful government spending You have to ask yourself.... ""Why the fuck are they not keeping up with safety regulations""?"
Looks more realistic than my Shinden flying backwards when control surfaces are shot. Gaijiggles physics pls
Oh I guess that makes it ok then. It wasn't a war crime back then
"Well they're both fords, both have 4 wheels (I think) Elaborate."
Good thing he practices in AimBotz so he can land all those sick headshots in game! subroza nice flicks
So basically every one plays druid hopes to get the turn 1 OTK and if they don't they concede seems like fun New Tavern Brawl Idea - Free for All: Any Class Any Card
"Something something Micro$oft, amirite? Wait, what? Why?"
Like the top tier balancing. There's a lot of stuff Overwatch could adapt from Smite really
"It's just Stalinclay, like Stalinwood trees, nothing except the strongest of Soviet tanks can pass into this Godlike area without being destroyed I'm new to Ground Forces, does this happen a lot?"
"Nah, start a forest fire, really cover your tracks Honestly, I'm pretty sure I could just dump the clothes off in a bag at some random dumpster in the city. No need to light a fire."
"Because the men are the victims here! so why not control the ""men with weak spirits"" who are ""obsessed with women"" instead of the innocent women? every bad thing that happens is not the woman's fault. time to man up and accept some responsibility."
TRIGGERED NOBODY SAID ANYTHING ABOUT PALADINS BEING A OVERWATCH COPY. WHY ARE YOU PEOPLE SOO TRIGGER HAPPY???
"Yes, because no one needs money from a job to buy games or anything Nah, you just have a job."
"The thought of characters in the world I create, trying to create a portal through the multiverse and busting into my room to tell me to write a decent story, amuses me, so yes, I do now see myself as a God. Do any of your worlds see *you* as a god?"
Clearly more socialism is the answer. Watching Venezuela over the last 12 months is like watching a car headed strait towards a wall at high speed and knowing that it is now too late to stop or steer away. They are weeks away from hitting the wall now. No power. No government workers. No cash to trade. No food or medicine. And their only source of income grinding to a halt because of incompetence. It is unsustainable. Sad. They are going to turn on each other. It's going to get ugly for a while.
"He did a great job in 21 &amp; Over, which is basically the college bro version of American Idiot Miles teller as JOS sounds about right"
"Yeah, no banter between Sweden, Norway, Finland and the Potatomouths here at all. It doesn't seem like playful banter, and that banter isnt applied between European countries near as much. I lived in Europe, worked with Europeans and have a relatively decent number of European acquaintances. I never got the impression that this was common discourse."
"Oh, thank god, I thought I was on r/creepy for a second. My mother was cleaning the attic"
"You know she personally started the divas revolution *and* brought back the women's division The AJ one got me. She walked in, insulted AJ, told her to leave her ring, and AJ, the divas champ and most over female on the roster at the time, known for being crazy, just obeys and leaves Stephanie puts these segments in just to make herself look good. I'm sick of her."
Lol funny signs and abortions lmao... This couple went to a protest at an abortion clinic... but they weren't protesting abortion.
...but where does this psychologist fit into the payscale? Let's get a psychologist for the team then and pay people accordingly
obviously the only solution is to pass SOPA or CISPA... A growing body of digital evidence leaves little doubt that an overwhelming percentage of the attacks on American companies and government agencies start in a 12-story office building on the edge of Shanghai by a unit of the Chinese army.
Too bad there arent 6 more rounds or anything Well. Guess we'll stick with Gay and Blake and go the 'What's a secondary?' route.
Don't they know that we are the superior gender? They don't care if men have the same fears
"Yeah there was definitely no other content in this interview and it shouldn't have been posted because there was a short discussion about balance. MC said zerg is underpowered and if P plays properly Z should never win, MMA said P is OP in late game, idra thinks T/P are OP and Z is UP, stephano thinks P is UP in ZvP, and demuslim thinks P is OP in TvP. I think i got most of them can we stop getting these threads now?"
"Yeah because working voluntarily for an employer is definitely exploitation. Your love for coffee is satisfied by the exploitation of the proletariat, comrade."
Wards well used How to counter junglers
Perhaps we could class MTX as a known bug ^^^^that's ^^^^4
"Some cats just need bobbed tails! This evolutionary mechanism sometimes backfires for them though, like when they crawl up into the engine cavities of still-warm parked cars. I always smack the hood of my car a couple times before I start it because of this."
Obviously because people weren't lazy like this generation is now. As something I read once said: We put a man on the moon before we put wheels on our luggage.
"Well at least the eyes can now see up to 60fps, must be the latest firmware update The war rages on at the Facebook front-line."
"But if I disagree with them their obviously an idiotic buffoon who blundered their way to success. Come on you don't have to like Hillary Clinton but she's been in politics for literally decades Don't pretend she doesn't know what she's talking about, I guarantee she knows more about policy than either of us, and the vast majority of America for that matter"
I love playing against Bellona Can't wait for them to nerf belona I dyed a little inside when I found out they put that broken bitch on xbox lol
missed off the Resign? As in stop being an interfering owner? Yeah right.
Gotta love that clickbait. Was there no better source than Raw Story?
"Hey, everyone knows only countries that were allied with the USA during WW2 have a choice in what to eat! Ugh, if I can go through life without ever seeing the phrase ""first world problem"" ever again, I would be so happy. Every single thing that the places considered ""first world"" has, the places considered ""third world"" also has. Nigeria has roads. Russia has cell phones. Ethiopia has laptops. And people in China have difficulty deciding where to go for dinner. And even if they didn't, hell, these things are still problems! You don't tell somebody with a broken ankle to shut up and walk it off just because someone somewhere is probably getting their leg chewed off by a shark. (Am I doing this copypasta thing right?)"
"A true memer would have made the effort blur needed, and who could give that much of a fuck :p"
No he asked if she was apart from it She's still a part of it.
"It's because we atheists don't have any morals. You know what my atheism drove me to do today? Buy a six pack and watch some hockey, not brutally beat a small child, yet we're the bad guys???"
Were you vacinnated? Hell I'm 18 years old and my writing looks like a scribbling from a four year old. Thanks autism.
"With Xbox Two , Gold Membership is now mandatory in order to play your single player orientated games.... Separate Gold membership required to play multiplayer T&amp;Cs apply Guys.. Shall we tell him?"
"Dude your not suppose to actually read the article, just upvote for the title! **""...AMONG VERMONTERS"" it's in the first line. the very first line. i love bernie - but they arent talking national favorability numbers here. misleading title"
"I'm not sure if that's obvious enough, you should go to his house and just do it for him. Pump the water out. Smooth the edges of the pit you channelled. No more water."
"Well that sounds like a legit assumption I can tell why this subreddit gets made fun of all the time. Y'all some sad, lonely neckbeards."
"Funny I thought that the ""short guys in yarmulkes"" would love him. The GOP's Jewish Donors Are Abandoning Trump"
"Ah yes, because if Wikileaks lost their twitter account that would completely shut them down... Could be there are multiple login sessions on that account and there is more than one person posting NSA wouldn't want to just shut them out, the leaks would stop and everyone would freak. This way the leaks continue and they can post misinfo alongside eta: they wouldn't even need to do anything complicated, Twatter could just straight up give them access"
"Yes, a Striker Squad instagibs any vehicle within 800m. ...Like everything else?"
"At least we have the bandits! Go ahead and tag every bills fan then, we'd all say the same thing. Although I'd take the Sabres winning a Stanley cup too"
"Poor dad probably felt left out :/ TAKE ADVANTAGE OF HIS EMOTIONS AND MAKE HIM CONVERT! True, my mum was vegetarian since she was 18 with no judgement from my dad, sister was vegetarian for awhile, nothing. I turn vegan at 19 and he starts talking about lions and shit. No dad, you were so good up until this point."
"Yes, truly Ninja Scroll is *the pinnacle* of anime... Why isn't there demand for a live action Ninja Scroll Movie? Ninja Scroll was one of the first Anime's I saw along with Ghost in a Shell and Evangelion. Unfortunately very few Anime's begin to approach the level of quality in story, character development and action. Emphasis on the amazing creativity in the design and level of detail of the action. Like the title states, why isn't there a demand to revisit this world and have a spiritual live action succesor ?"
Whoever is organizing this AMA isn't doing a very good job. Victoria from reddit
"213 because you didn't have the spirit of Ronald Reagan watching over your godless wasteland of a country, die of the gay plague AIDS and go to hell commie. Hi. I'm from Australia. After a mass shooting in the late 90s, we had an enormous gun buy-back. Guess how many mass shootings we've had since then. Go on, guess."
The obligatory *git gud* Find Me A Worse Spawn (Pro Tip: You Can't)
"gotta support all those coffee bars and corner block yoga studios. well, California has the highest taxes in the country, along with monolithic regulations and such."
ok here it is That's not how it works considering I had something similar in July..
"Tbh highwaking is cheating so yes Wait no, leave it how it is. This adds a whole new layer of risk to PvP. Win, or get banned!"
"Normal ca esti moldovean, stai in brasov... Si eu."
"It's when a Bruin player does something they can't quite call hooking, holding, tripping... Whats interference again?"
Because someone who receives benefits has no right to enjoy themselves. Also drug tests to all parties who receive welfare. Paying you to be lazy and get high is revolting.
...maybe they should stop buying stuff. I think income taxes are better than sales taxes. Sales taxes overwhelmingly put the burden on the lower classes.
"But think of how much LESS we can pay homeless employees? I don't know, that still seems a bit hasty to me. I think that, after the first round of interviews, the committee needs to be vetted by the reviews committee to confirm that no member was unduly influenced by candidate's personality and is adhering to objective measures of qualification. The committee's rulings cannot be finalized until the paperwork is confirmed by the VP of HR, for *all* new hires. The VP will be fired should it later be discovered that he signed off on an Objective Hire Review in error. This way, we can *ensure* that potential employees will be homeless before they can be hired, making them as difficult as possible to find, and ensure that *all* projects end up months behind schedule for lack of manpower."
I'll finish it for you for your ACB no
Nixon should have blamed Watergate on the Russians and had a drone strike on Deep Throat. Is The Clinton Campaign Trying To Label Wikileaks As Being 'Weaponized By The Kremlin' To Create A Justifiable Narrative For A Drone Strike On Julian Assange?
"You guys get direct deposit and you know it, stop flaunting it. You reminded me, my white person royalty check should be in the mailbox."
"yeah, because people shouldn't be excited about new open-standards in the tech industry Neither is freesync, but that doesn't stop AMD fanboys from praising it and making claims on how amazing/cheap it will be."
"but but, muh biggest game in the entire galaxy, dont need vr! meanwhile, making replays is still too hard for riot"
"Yeah and the copious amount of soulshift targets. Yeah the cards they picked for this make little sense to me, especially when they say it is supposed to be draftable. Where are all of the Aura's to go with [[Daybreak Coronet]] ?"
"Yeah but this time is really important Compromise, compromise, compromise, wait how did we get here? At some point, you have to stop voting for the lesser of two evils."
"Yeah, but universal healthcare would mean old people get euthanized and women will be forced to have abortions. TIL That a victim of the Aurora shooting (at the Dark Knight Rises Premier) didn't have insurance and woke up with 2 million dollars in medical expenses."
Liar... I know more than all those bums and I prove it from the comfort of my couch every weekend. Be an offensive or defensive coordinator for a football team.
it might offend someone Permits to do things on your own property is bullshit.
"Well that's because you were listening to our play calls. I dunno. I though the Giants game kinda showed how his impact is not as important as you might think. He ran all over the Giants for like 130 yards and a TD and the Cowboys mustered 7 totally points that game. If he has a great game and your offense can't put up more than a TD, how valuable are you? A worse RB and slightly better QB play that game and the cowboys probably win. It's not like AP's season where all teams knew he was going to rush it on basically every play and he still rushed and scored a ton."
Wouldn't warlords take over? Larken Rose DEBATES Jan Helfeld - Anarchy v Minarchy
They seem to be enjoying themselves. TSA Agents Pat Down Baby (To Keep America Safe)
Objectifying men don't real cuz privilege. Another fine example of SRS' hypocrisy.
"He's gonna be the worst laptop user, honestly have you even seen him in Daredevil? Honestly if I were Ben Affleck I wouldn't want the world to know I bought a laptop."
"Yea, this joke is 3.5 times less funnier than it was a month ago. Amen."
"Please put a But you probably have a job and pay taxes, so you aren't really black - just another Uncle Tom / race traitor."
"She owes me $432,000 Hillary's campaign and the DNC have spent tens of millions of dollars on CTR internet trolls, tv and internet ads, and media control. *Everyone* involved - Clinton, the DNC, the largest donors - expects to profit from their investment."
Is this zefmiller's stash? There will be great prizes for those who find...
"Checkmate, atheists. I shit you not, they came in a bag of mixed bulbs impossible to tell apart. We scattered them, covered them, watered them. This is what we got..."
"Yes, let's drop an in-form Fellaini for an unfit van Persie! DdG Valencia - Smalling - Blackett - Shaw Herrera - Di Maria Mata - Rooney - Young van Persie May god save us."
"He won v P without ""YOLOPullDaBoyz"" That was not Flash, that was an imposter Flash is streaming live!"
"Oh yeah, those emails were harmless I'm not a Hillary supporter but she hasnt for sure done anything wrong, and she def has the experience and knowledge necessary(just compare her work history to the GoP candidates), and flip flops aren't the end of the world. It's BS if you have never changed an opinion."
Wouldn't you get more use out of your Android phone with ChromeOS? But wouldn't you get more use out of your Mac with an iPhone?
But didn't you know that cow's milk is literally the only source on earth to get CALCIUM and PROTEIN? I thought about commenting just to let her know they wouldn't NEED milked if the natural course of their life was followed and we didn't take their babies and eat them so we could have the milk. But nah.
I never realized how stupid Boston fans can be... I really never realized how bitter and miserable Yankee fans are.
It's not propaganda if it's true Username does not check out.
"Yes yes this is good for bitcoin You don't think Trump expected what? He had the speech, he knew exactly what Cruz was going to say. Trump baited Cruz and he fell for it, then added insult to injury. A reminder, Trump called out Cruz' father after he was mathematically eliminated from the nom"
"Well he did say you would both enjoy it Well, he did say ""please""..."
"no way? It's a common mistake, but it's grammatically incorrect. It's should've (should have) not ""should of""."
"Time to unsubscribe, too popular. NatureIsMetal is now a Top 300 subreddit! Look how happy this horrific Frilled Shark is!"
"Find better hacks I get this weird stutter-aim at random points while playing CSGO. Doesn't happen in other games, anyone know of a fix?"
You belong against the wall. But what if you don't want to live in a society where everyone is totally equal? Everyone here talks like communism is objectively the best solution.
"You're damn right, I love Kerbal Space Program! This fair much sums up everyone on Steam right now."
"That's a really great point but with all due respect I think the only reason has to be because John Cena sucks. You forgot the most important part. The death of Kayfabe. If the vast majority of people didn't realize the result was pre-determined and that they were actually in a sporting contest, Cena would be highly regarded. In Flair's day, most people did not know this."
And she has clearly shown that.... Hillary is by far the most *qualified*
Not to mention khan academy! And 800 years later there's a restaurant named after him. It just proves that *nothing* really matters.
"They're shaming leftie goddesses! My college had a few leftie desks in each lecture hall. No extra large ones, though"
"I mean, I know Megatron is an extremely good receiver but he isn't *that* good. I'd like to see Azkaban try to keep megatron locked up! I don't think the dementors would do anything, and I have no idea how magic would work on him. Also he can probably easily break through the walls and fun down others quite easily if needed."
Not one of discerning tastes though. Tits that is why Source: am guy
ok? Wrong direction
"If there's one message you want to teach kids, it's the idea that good behavior is only worth it if there is some sort of reward for it. My nephews can be pretty mean to eachother. My sister decided the final straw was when one of them said, ""I don't have to be good. Santa will come no matter how bad I am!"" This was the only thing under the tree this morning..."
"Oh yea DLC weapons really does something for everyone... That and BI produce the best DLC. Yknow, stuff that does something for everyone."
Sorry I don't have feeds...who's Z? Stage 5 clinger confirmed. Z thinks she's in some committed relationship type thing
"Nope, no bias there at all. Muslim patrols could become more prevalent and more violent, warns anti-extremist."
North Korea is best Korea nice try kim
"but revolutions based on racism and xenophobia must succeed #Trump2016 Yeah, I don't think any reasonable person blames that on Bernie. I do agree though that Bernie's supporters are off the wall. The constant revisionist history against the Clintons made it so I felt I had to defend them and defeat Bernie's ""revolution."" If they had toned it down and kept it to the facts and the message, I likely could have been on board. But now that they're painting the Clintons as some corrupt evil republicans in disguise who are worse than Bush and Reagan.. hell no. Revolutions based on revisionist history have to fail."
"Yeah, your head will explode Check the SAR values of that phone, chinese brands tend to radiate a lot more."
"I'm glad Chicago doesn't have ANY bandwagon fans. ""Lol, Tampa Bay has no fans!!!"" *Lightning win a game* ""Lol, Tampa Bay is a bandwagon city. Why does Florida even have any hockey teams!?!?!?"""
Chemtrails... government mind control.... What is this? Just saw it over Sydney.
"So I guess these two smoke rings combining is no different than mixing orange juice and apple juice... Not even that, its just an aerodynamic effect."
... Are you guys seriously complaining because the lefties are coming for your fucking dank memes? Holy shit. The Internet has jumped the god damn shark.
They're all drunk in WI! The strange reports MTSO received after MaM - NOW ONLINE
"Well, it always works that way with movies and their sequels. I disagree. I think it only makes sense to expect the second coming of a game to be better. Especially given the lessons learned from the first and the way Miyazaki spoke about how he planned to move forward in design from DaS. Granted, that was all before they brought in the two idiots who took his place. DaS II feels like bad fan fiction of the first to me. I pestered Steam to try and get my money back, actually as I just straight up do not enjoy the second game at all. As a sequel to DaS or just in general. The only thing I care for in it is the sparring match idea. That's pretty good."
You forgot the I just finished Mass Effect 2 and I have to say one of the best ending battles ever in a game. Totally worth every penny!!!
"Well, does this method of catching him involve putting his hologram in hologram jail? I know he wasn't there."
"Behold, Riot's master plan: Neuter the fuck out of EU in order to give NA a chance at placing the top 4 at Worlds! As a European: EU is unwatchable compared to NA"
"It's our own fault, the liberal agenda we shoved down their throats is provoking an allergic reaction and has to go out somewhere. Ah, I imagined the vomit being the hate and vitriol they spew out of their every orifice."
"It's just a visual glitch. we should be looking into things that seem a bit wierd, like the KN-44 appearing literally everywhere."
"Console still isn't at that stage It has taken Almost 10 years for Crysis 1 to start showing its age, and even then it still looks good today. Lets take a moment to appreciate the PC as a platform for graphical leaps."
"It would bug you less if you started watching the show right! ""You're watching it wrong."""
"Damn, he did really good against those shutdown defenses! For anyone wondering, Week 4 vs NO (137.4) Week 7 vs NYG (135.7) Week 10 vs JAX (138.8) Week 12 vs NYG (143.4 wow) Week 14 vs CHI (138.0) And now today."
"But I do all that and wear makeup/girly stuff, so I'm really different, right? The female equivalent of a neckbeard is a Not-Like-Those-Other-Girls girl. Yeah, you're a female, but you're not like... you know, those *other* girls. *Other* girls are stupid and vapid, and only care about boys and shopping. *Other* girls only watch Sex and the City, and their favorite activities are gossiping and stabbing each other in the back. *Other* girls are sluts who wear tacky clothes and too much make-up and have no self-respect. You're not like that. You watch anime (subs only, of course) and play video games. You don't read Twilight or any of those shitty paranormal romance novels. You read comic books and ASoIaF (which you liked *before* the show, tyvm). You'd rather fling yourself off an overpass than wear something girly or pink. All your friends are guys, and they know you're one of them; you're one of the *cool* girls. You're smarter than all those ditzy popular girls, and that makes you better than them. You're a unique and special snowflake amongst a sea of clonebot *Other* Girls, and maybe, just maybe, one day some cute nerdy guy will see you for the catch you are, and be the Derp to your Derpina."
"We the ignorant, unwashed millennials with our fancy phones and excessive availability due to underemployment. True though right? We have Sanderistas on here running phone banks and mass calling numbers. Dunno how he tricked em but somehow Bernie has tricked all these people into doing all this work for them."
"Dude didn't you know his ""brand"" is worth billions Trump is a Legend... in his own mind. Want to really piss him off? Start spreading the word that he's only worth US$300 million or so. The rest is pretend leverage moneyz."
pai nu au tratat-o cu sirop de Agave si unguent cu aloe ... au mers la spital ... de aia ... Daca ii dadeau niste Oscillococcinum ... homeopatic ... sigur ii trecea ... E o conspiratie a spitalelor Sa ne explice Olivia Steer cum sta treaba.
"yea im sure she has a lot of trouble with guys turning her down.... Actually, she is letting every guy that turned her down know that she finally got some."
"Hey guys, a $15 an hour minimum wage is definitely going to help this out CARRIER AIR CONDITIONER LAYING OFF 1,400 AMERICANS AND MOVING THE JOBS TO MEXICO! TWEET AND SHARE THIS"
"Holy crap they've got the super-mega rare, Walmart-exclusive Stitch amiibo! My Walmart just got the new amiibos!"
Announcing the long-awaited Stephen King Cinematic Universe? Something big is coming in 5 days
"You should have showed up on time.. but keep blaming everyone else for your problems because that is definitely how you get ahead! We should have lied, that is how one gets ahead apparently."
"Boosted economy tho. I am extremely disheartened by the sheer volume of ""hitler did some incredible things though!"" comments."
The newest iPhone What gadget or technology that is anticipated to be released in the next couple of years are you most excited about?
This is what happens when voting is mandatory. We had an election in Australia today
I'm very tied and read it that as she was *hit by a bar* ... Maybe concussion helps marriages too? I misread the title and thought you got *hit* at the bar. That made the rest of your post even more surprisingly pleasant. Beautifully said.
"Yeah that's not even remotely true, but okay... I'm sure you're right, I must have a broken uterus compared to your... Dude. Seriously. I'm sorry you deal with that, I really am. But you have to realize you are in the minority of women who experience periods this way."
"That sounds like a fantastic book for children. In about the 8th grade we had to read a book called The Red Pony Horrible book; the kid gets the pony he always wanted, horse gets out due to kids failure to close the barn door, horse gets sick and dies, then the kids father skins the pony and leaves the body where the kid can see it"
"Counter picking is so bullshit, man I'm sick of people trying to win! Because, although I hate it, counter picking is the best way to improve your MMR from minute 0:00. It gives you an inherent advantage (sometimes HUGE advantage) and is completely okay within the ruleset. The problem is that it is completely disruptive to the game and creates these stalemates on who will have the balls to pick first. This wouldn't be a problem if it wasn't because who cares, but for ranked MMR everyone is trying their hardest to win and they are justified."
Apparently America is stupid and only believes anything with an american accent. Why the fuck.. both countries speak English predominantly. Why is that even necessary?
"You dropped this: Wow, the one case that doesn't look absolutely horrid."
"Get rid of them! With Red Bryants release, the Jaguars have only four players age 30 or older (M. Lewis, J. Scobee, P. Posluszny, C. Clemons)."
"Our foreign policy should be based off of Command and Conquer. The lesson is clear: The next time we unjustly invade a sovereign nation, be sure to steal all their natural resources so that no future terrorist group that doesn't exist at the time can use them for financial gain. Got it."
"Oh yeah, I forgot, black people are inherently bad. You mean the same black people who riot for the justified shootings of criminals?"
"It would also be a straight line, facts are awesome! If you laid out all the veins, arteries and capillaries of the average human male in a straight line He would die"
"Should've stayed in school IIRC, you do need to go to school to get permission to cut the diamonds- you'll still be fairly poor though."
yeah i lost like 5 QM games in a row last night against teams with Varian sooo clearly Op! Varian is at 47% WR. Are we finally ready to admit we have no idea what we're talking about? A lot of doomsayers said oh no here comes the next Samuro. 65% winrate inc. He can solo a baws. What say you now?
"I often find my chip and pin cards run out of batteries and need to be plugged in every night. Apple Pay doesn't offer much of a convenience boost in Canada. We already have chip&amp;pin, and most credit cards have a tap feature."
"He's not a *terrorist*, he's a concerned citizen voicing his opposition violently to create an atmosphere of fear to achieve a political end. How did he get radicalized? Why isn't there a media shit storm going through his home?"
"Because ""cute"" is the reason for having them, isn't it? Clearly because I don't want children, I can't think they're cute..(26F/furkid) The other day I was out with friends when this cute little girl ( 3ish? ) ran by us and I said ""aww she's so cute!"" And my friend looks at me and said ""I thought you don't want kids?"" .... I don't hate kids, they can still be cute, it's just parenting isn't for me.... Where the heck is the logic there? Anyone else come across this?"
BURN THE WITCHES only if they have foreign sounding last names. MURRCA!
"But what about *muh feels*? Also, I just realized the call-to-prayer is only happening *once a week*. Seriously. One time. On Fridays. To announce the beginning of the prayer service. What is the big deal?"
Because there are set definitions for greatness and goodness that are statistically likely. No they won't. They have the potential to become good players but it is statistically impossible for all of them to achieve greatness.
"Wow you sound like a completely reasonable and mature person that men would totally want a relationship with. I like it when straight guys squirm away from having fingers in their ass and then badger me for anal. My rule is ""If you want anal, you take a dildo of comparable size up the butt first. Then I'll do it."""
How is it already dark even though he uploaded this before night time? THE SPIRIT NEVER DIES!
"Yeah - remival that is situational and completely useless in some matchups is exactly what ControlPriest needed They don't force Priests to play Dragons, the potions and Lightbomb 2.0 are amazing for Control Priest."
NO WAY MAN SHES WAY TOO SELF-CONFIDENT FOR ME YOU CAN HAVE HER You niggas be picky as shit. None of you can bag that.
"I'm sure that would work out in their favor, teleporting Superman to his power-up zone and killing a lot of his friends. Could cortana work the teleporter controls? If so jl could be seeing the inside of a star real quick. That takes care of the majority of jl even if they prep right?"
Should have included a Did Leo win?
See what you don't realize is they have no title and just baited you all into choosing one. Rockstar just uploaded this to social media...
"nope, he's just as bad as Bushbama I think there's a big difference between simply ""having blood on one's hands"" and routinely rounding up civilian activists, torturing them, and murdering them."
"That'd make a cool meme; ""Resistant Redditor"" lets just stop making new memes...i mean cmon.."
Oh I'm sorry I forgot the part where you translated the moon runes into moon runes. I thought we were talking about Japanese not English. Are you ok? Do you know where you are? need some milk?
"Naw, only went there to have breadsticks for 2 hours without ordering anything obviously... well... let's be fair... he mighta had coupons."
why use that when we could be linear consumers and buy more! Hmm what's wrong with the old glass and paper method
"omg reddit so racist As an Asian kid, I have no idea what the problem is."
"Yea, unfriend him, what type of loser uses reds? My friend just posted this to Facebook. Might need to unfriend him..."
just use ult. That feel when a leona attempts to clear a zz'rot.
"DAE PC MASTER RACE AMIRITE I disagree. Simply on the grounds that we are better than our feces flinging console brethren. Proven by PC science. Chimps are an even closer Genetic match to Console gamers than PC gamers. Chimps and console gamers have trouble with lots of buttons, they tend to just push them all, and they also have trouble navigating vertically design maps, or aerial targets without some sort of aiming assist built into the program. They also tend to be satisfied with receiving the same product time after time after time, with little variation."
You are so fucking hardcore. Ha! Not gonna happen with me. I use Linux and ARM machines only in my home. Kiss my free as in freedom ass M$!
clearly you should just be living in your parents basement.... You're 32 and have roomates though! Tradeoffs.
"He didn't have any friends If $250,000 determined his future in Boston, I would be highly surprised. I'm not sure why he wouldn't want to stay in Boston, for as long as I can remember they've always been contenders to at least make the playoffs regardless of their decisions."
"Careful they don't turn you furry. I haven't seen it, but I saw a scene from it as an add last time I went to the movies. It was surprising hilarious. Even had my cynical brother laughing and he a comedy/media snob who thinks all light hearted comedies are stupid and hasn't watched an animated kids movie since he was in middle school."
Wel that's just racist. To be fair all female night elves are identical so.... Had to do something.
You don't understand she needs all those extra targets so her whirlwind can heal! One day I'll play with a Sonya that doesn't repeatedly feed into 5v1s. Probably not this week.
"He put the winky face, now you have no choice but to tell him. Dude had wrong number then wants to fuck my ass mild NSFW"
"Yeah sure, just like the torrents is originally intended to share Linux distros. Why can't we just talk about internet vs. onion sites? It doesn't have to be ""dark"" because it's on the Tor network. It was originally intended for people in countries like China to safely communicate with outside world (and they're still using it)."
"I think it's the exclusive dlc Destiny is atleast 32gb on the PS4 (EU), subject to change?"
"It's a good thing women aren't individuals.......... Russell Brand with the most astute summing up of Thatcher- ""Barack Obama, interestingly, said in his statement that she had ""broken the glass ceiling for other women"". Only in the sense that all the women beneath her were blinded by falling shards. She is an icon of individualism, not of feminism."""
"Can't wait to point fingers at anyone I dislike and call them racists! Leftist open carry in Austin, Texas"
"Hey baby. Does anybody else have weird sound or music related obsessions? I have this thing for deep, resonating voices that some guys have. I could listen to them talk for hours, but I don't have a 'thing' for them or anything. My friends don't understand at all. Anybody else have something like this?"
"Foxnews did not say so, so it is not true 79% of Americans Polled Agree With Occupy Wall Street That The Gap Between The Rich And The Poor Has Grown Too Big"
You can always try and start a 20billion dollar kick starter project. Can we ignore our own Government if its too retarded and just do cool stuff like this anyway?
"dir /a Hey, what commands to you use to make it look like you are hacking. I finished early at work, but I need to make it look like I am working. Kind of bored here and pinging google and the company servers takes all but 3 seconds. I needs something that pops up slowly as if it were loading."
"Forgot your What are you tallking about, no one would ever cheat the system"
"I'm surprised Obama hasn't banned christianity from our prisons! ""The Last Supper"" by an unknown inmate as scratched into a jailhouse door 100 years ago"
"Wow I love islam now, let in more refugees 8-year-old Afghan Skateboarder"
"Oh, she's a county girl, how trashy! An actual profile picture from my people you may know section."
"It's change your flair bruh, I refuse to have the same as some fake fan."
"youre just jealous, all you have is dust 18 karma, and gold.... wut"
Did you find the staves yet? Superman Zombie
"I've done about 2000 clears now, so if we just have about 997 more people that clear 1000, we're in the clear. What the hell. I'm around 800 clears, which would mean I've done 1/400 alone ? I guess that's what you get when the individual rewards are extremely poor. Lbing every gear would already mean 150 runs per player, more than enough to clear the event. 10 runs a day would still be enough and that's only 30 stamina/ 7 minutes per player per day. BAMCO fucked up. They should have given a strong incentive to continue ranking, such as sell hawks for 200 gold coins or something. To be honest, making the event weapons situationally stronger than GE would probably have been enough. Hopes and dreams crushed."
"""I FEEL THIS WAY WHICH MEANS EVERYONE THINKS THIS WAY ALSO UR A BITCH"" A random stranger decided to tell me how ALL men think, at all times"
"Meanwhile you never see the crying behaviour from allies nono, you just dont see it To be fair T-29 is very strong frontally if you keep the hull hidden, and it has a lot of crew members and interior crew space so it can soak sometimes even three APHE rounds from the front. It's not as tough as a Tiger in terms of difficulty to penetrate and underperforms it a little in penetration, but if it penetrates it's a fucking nuke. I can see the case for it to be considered OP, especially if you are uptiered against it. It seems there's a Tiger IH every other game also. OTOH this guy is the kind of cancer that goes to the forums and ensures only German tanks are good at their tier, with everyone else getting nerfed because some wehraboo got uptiered and didn't club everyone."
"well then you are the uncle tom of muslims! I agree with Trump here, and I am a Muslim..."
"You are probably the only one. It's Official All we are going to see at the next tournaments is Triborg... I now dub him Triboring. This is an example of tonights matchups, triborg, triborg, triborg, triborg, triborg, leatherface, triborg, triborg, triborg, triborg, triborg, triborg, triborg, alien, triborg triborg.... You get the idea. Tell me I'm not the only one...."
"Yeah, EA are just loving hippies who won't sue you into the ground after the govenment has sent you four kindly letters explaining that you are doing something wrong. DOWNLOAD ALL THE EA AND UBISOFTGAMES!!! I mean... Try them out..."
"I don't think being young or stupid has anything to do with this. What can I say, we were young, norwegian and stupid."
"Yup, guilty until proven innocent these days. No evidence that has been made public. There are apparently pictures and other evidence that say otherwise that the NFL was granted access to by the court. Without seeing those, it really is impossible to make a judgement decision on this."
"God did it, Hitler did it, why not Duterte? Police propose ""Household Drug Tests"", marking households tested ""drug-free"" with stickers on their doors/gates."
"Anti-Iran resolutions are necessary, because they've already passed a budget, spurred the economy into action, and are working hand in hand to solve the other problems that plague America... Senate votes 90-1 on new anti-Iran resolution; Rand Paul casts the lone no vote"
"Yeah, that's definitely the only religion with violent radicals. Especially Islam"
"Everybody is wrong, it's to distract you from the shame you feel when using public transportation. Just one of those designer things?"
That job-killing trainwreck Obamacare has embedded microchip implants in our hands that make us love him. How can have increased popularity with a shrinking economy?
Genetically mutilated creatures are fun! The Pug Files
"You should probably post about it on the internet. What should I do with an unregistered Walther P38? My grandfather is gifting me three handguns, 2 S&amp;W revolvers he purchased in the late 60's and a Walther P38 his father bought off a guy he knew sometime after the war. The Walther has no paperwork and has never been registered anywhere (we live in MD). My grandfather is an retired police officer and had the serial number checked out many decades ago by the firearms expert in his department to make sure it wasn't ever used in a crime and it came back clean. My question is, we plan on doing a legal transfer through the state police on the two S&amp;W revolvers, but what should I do about the Walther? He technically has no proof of ownership. Thanks in advance for any advice!"
"Because you know better than a team of psychiatrists. The issue here is that treatment does not equal a cure. He still has schizophrenia, no matter how well his medications and therapies are working. Unfortunately we simply can't make it go away, just stabilize it and bandage it temporarily. People suffering from schizophrenia also tend to stop med use, for various reasons. This man, if left alone, could quite easily revert back into his violent self. It isn't that I want to hurt him or punish him, just that those trying to protect society and innocent lives should consider the fact that he can still very much be dangerous."
Good thing he's not involved with the technology side of the game Wrong comment :P
"Yes, only neurologists are qualified to tell you that your brain will cease functioning after death. That's nice and all, but he has no expertise in neurology. Or of the afterlife (what with being alive and all). If he related this to physics I'd see it as valuable but really his insights into this are no greater than anyone else's."
"Has everyone registered with GeForce to received your e-mail driver updates yet? For a while, I've stayed with Nvidia because their software seemed to be a lot better than AMD's. This might be changing"
we can obviously see where you live right? internet help
"Because I'd rather pick up beads or aegis Why Does No One Use Curse in Ranked Joust? Seriously. I always leave it on, but hardly anyone else ever does. Out of 61 matches, I've encountered curse users maybe 5-7 times. That's not a good ratio."
You mean Bridge and Terry no? Lampard and Terry.
"Yes, because the only reason people can't just quit their jobs is that they don't handle money very well Most people that have jobs should learn to plan for the future better and not live outside their means then. It is called being an adult."
She won't notice you unless you're wearing the latest designer clothes. How do you date an Asian (Chinese girl) at university? I started class and there is the usual segregation with asians on one side and everyone else on the other. I've never seen anyone manage to break into their groups (foreign born). However there is this one girl and she is phenomenal. What exactly would be a respectful process to getting to know her? Tips? Dos and Donts? Do they even want non asian interaction?
"yeah, damn those unattractive people for complimenting you! One time a guy stopped me and said he didn't want to be weird or anything, but he thought I was really attractive. That's fine. It's nice, respectful. He didn't yell at me from across the street, he wasn't acting all cocky and trying to assert his dominance. That's nice from time to time. Most of the time though, its people just saying things that aren't respectful and over-sexualizing you. And its demeaning. You don't feel like they think of you as a person and you feel kind of vulnerable as well. Just random people judging you on appearance alone."
"You're keeping her from tips you scumbag Steve. Night out at a sports bar with friends, our waitress was unbelievably scummy"
"It's a known fact orthopedic surgeons don't actually like performing surgery. Doctors are usually pretty vested in having the best possible long term outcome for their patients. Can you think of one possible reason why an orthopedic surgeon would recommend no surgery, except for it being an honest assessment that is in your best interest? Most clavicles do not go to surgery, but there are exceptions. I suspect if you push hard enough and/or ask enough people you will find some who will perform the surgery, whether it is in your best interest or not. Good luck,"
Disappointment bat v2 Isn't Overkill developing a Walking Dead game? Walking Dead crossover?
"Thank goodness you're not falling for the divide and conquer strategy. they did the same thing when gen x came along calling us lazy and entitled, but now there is gen y and millinials we are starting to outnumber the boomers and we demand change!"
Doesn't he know you need at least three y's to get someone's attention? Persistence is key.
Sega hates Japan 1. Japan 2. Sega Sega has almost no games in the Steam store in Japan.
"But isn't it just so much easier to blame everything on Obama's PC brigade? Pretty sure being ""sensitive"" is not the reason this was not run."
Every day I curse Will Smith for the impact Jaden Smith's life has on me Unfortunately the rest of the world has to live with the consequences of somebody's bad parenting skills.
"""Did you guys remember to pack the hot sauce?"" She probably complained the whole way there. ""Do I have to go? Why can't I stay in my walled off mansion in white suburbia?"""
Monks and nuns must be miserable then! Precisely.
"Drop him IT'S MILLER TIME... I will take a 27.00-pack, please!"
ITT: Jelousy Attention whore posts a picture about stopping terrorism
"If we evolved from fish, why are there still fish? My favourite piece of evidence for evolution, the laryngeal nerve of the Giraffe"
You dropped this. Fencing response. He's dead.
"#science I've never used my turbo charger. I just use a 1.0A HTC charger so my battery lasts longer. If you use turbo charger all the time, you battery will not last as long"
"Well, one of the rumors that circulated around a few months ago is: [that Kylo built that lightsaber himself, but with no one around to teach him how, it's not working quite right.] As I said about the saber cross guard from the ep VII trailer, you're a warrior monk with precognition. It's time to take off the training wheels."
We *know* they're working together! Remember when we HAD to invade Iraq to stop Osama Bin Laden?
"""Beauuutiful champ"" - Edmond Tarverdyan ""Years ago, we hardly had anything to eat..."" ""Years ago, we hardly had anything to eat. Now I earn more money and I see every opponent as a man that tries to put me back to that poorer period. That man has to be eliminated."" Fedor Emelianenko This quote seriously gives me chills any time I imagine being the guy to stand across from the ring with Fedor. Does anyone else have really good quotes from martial artists?"
Thats what they want you to think! They also changed the lights on the pokestop. Just cause something is changed doesn't mean people were offended by it.
I hate great directors who make quality films as well fuck Tarantino
You could use a 2b to because obviously Cano isn't any good By that logic he should come to the Ms and hit 100 homers
40-Core CPU at 38.8 GHZ totes AMD FX 43000
"Maybe they measured by *duration of performance time* rather than *number of performances*. I imagine the numbers for Wagner are much less these days. It seems odd that an opera composer would top the list for a symphony orchestra. And just quickly looking at their calendar for this season, you see a lot of Beethoven, Tchaikovsky, Brahms, etc., but very little Wagner (maybe none)."
And the timeline. Love the accuracy of the costume.
Reno would fit right into this deck Reynad's new Shaman Aggro that's tearing up the ladder similar to his recent zoo deck.
"Don't they know that islam is a religion of peace? Indonesian politician simply MENTIONS Koran, and 150,000 Islamists take to the street, some calling for his death. At least one dead, dozens injured."
"Let's just get rid of all the exo abilities while we're at it, ih and exo suits too and that kids is why Hover need to go"
"What do the terrorists have against Orange is the New Black? Get a friend in an orange jumpsuit, dress up like a terrorist, and pretend to behead him with a fake knife like they do in the propaganda videos."
"beaverscleaver wrote: gah, I always have a hard time telling the difference, too. nuclearseraph wrote: So many redditors confuse ""self defense"" with ""petty egotistic retaliation"". In one, you try to de-escalate a situation and, failing that, flee to safety. In the other you act like a sociopath."
"That'll surely stop 100million people from communicating, you show 'em judge! Brazil judge orders WhatsApp blocked, affecting 100 million users"
for you: Victim blaming
"Yes, because prior to the cell phone the world was just sooo dangerous. This is likely true for your home. But not a place of business where the public are welcome. If it were a private club it would probably be ok but a smart membership agreement would make it clear. I think he might have some wiggle room and it would have to be adjudicated in court to be definitive. And that is all down to who has the better lawyer. Now it's just my opinion. But it's stupid since it endangers the public who would be in the place."
"What could possibly go wrong when you ridicule someone's psychotic beliefs? Hey, sounds good with me but might end pretty badly in some situations."
"Sure, cause this is your fault. I don't like having that talk either because it seems so high school, so we never had it but now I'm kicking myself because maybe I could have prevented this. And no I didn't discover anything, he just told me out of nowhere, like literally showed up at my house on a day I thought he was busy to tell me."
2 more times and you can legally screw him! Congratulations! You are dead to me 16x! And to think you were looking so hopeful last week...
"It was blue a few days ago, it should come back to blue at the end of the day. Amazing. It even has the colors of the Federative Republic of Brazil, minus the blue. But we can add that into it with the picture of the gorgeous sea behind it. Greece, perhaps, my friend?"
"Yes, any time a negative emotion is expressed toward a woman by a man, it is because of typical male insecurity and he is obviously no kind of man for doing so. He is intimidated because he is judging her. He is judging her because he is insecure."
"Let cash strapped localities handle elections, what could possibly go wrong? 3 U.S. States Turn Down Russian Requests to Monitor Elections"
"waow, le qop shite farmer rite? Whats more intriguing is the 67 cs in 20 mins with QoP."
Damn Dardoch back at it again with the toxicity.. Dardoch on his respect for P1's Inori: 'I think he's f***ing great'
"And, by extension, all women are inferior. I was all like ""Yeah!"" until it was all like ""Federalism allowed slavery!"" and then I was like ""Nooo! Ignorant sociopaths with no regard for the rights of other human beings allowed slavery!"" Declaration of Independence, while not an official US document, I think sets the spirit of law when dealing with other, more ""official"" government documents and laws. ""All men"", not ""All white men"", or ""All men over 6 feet"", no, ""ALL (mufuckin') MEN ARE CREATED EQUAL."" SERIOUSLY. ASCRIBE HISTORICAL WRONGS TO THE CORRECT PERPETRATOR PLZ."
Yea I'm sure this guy is getting the death penalty for shooting the criminal Well good luck shoveling that shit to a jury. Believe it or not people are held accountable for their actions not what they believed would happen.
Wait it's not his fault? There's no toilet paper left so it's obviously putin's fault
"Yes, cause Blizzard would *never* be a copycat... If they do it first, you risk being a copy cat"
"Play the game under protest! NCAA Championship Game 3 Thread (Redux) NCAA Baseball Coastal Carolina vs Arizona Television: [ESPN] Radio: [ESPN Radio] Thread Notes: Discuss whatever you wish. You can trash talk, but keep it civil. Turning comment sort to 'new' will help you see the newest posts. Try Chrome Refresh or Firefox's ReloadEvery to auto-refresh this tab. You may also like reddit stream to keep up with comments. Follow R/CollegeBaseball on twitter: @RedditCBase - for news, updates, and bad attempts at humor. Show your team affiliation - get a team logo by clicking 'edit' in the column on the right"
"hey, at least he didn't double down on the nice-guy act Had to re-upload this due to not covering the profile picture. Guy and his sister threatened my friends and I and he comes back to me with this months later. Story in comments."
"Only a .037 diff, same thing. That's a .32."
"Because a joke about a fictional rape promotes real life rape. I guess I think a parade based on the joke that someone could use location services to stalk and rape someone isn't a good parade. Call me an adult, I guess. :)"
"here's the thing.... Exactly! This picture frustrates me every time I see. If they said ""they are diving in fault line resulting from the spreading of two tectonic plates of two continents"" that would be fine. But just saying ""diving inbetween two tectonic plates"" is much more appealing to the kind of simple audiences this Buzzfeed-like content attracts."
"But it won't let them saturate you with adverts! I just want a simple, customizable UI. I don't care about anything other than games/apps, friends list, messages, xbox live party, and marketplace."
"But of course, MRAs are the real terrorists, right? Men's rights conference in Detroit raises security concerns, Recieves Death Threats"
"I'm sure that'll help! If this ridiculous ""list"" of muslims ever happens, I'll quickly join up!"
Never saw this one before Dust II glitch! Suicide on B site.
It's all the male taxpayers fault. What about countries like the UK where healthcare is provided by the taxpayer and not the individual?
"Duh, feet with the ground Ya know, there's alotta sports that don't have any contact at all. Like cross country."
But it'd be greener if Bernie won Breaking news: The grass is green.
"I too am surprised to see a picture from the upcoming avengers movie on the mcu sub reddit you people will like anything whedon puts out there. In op's pic it looks like he's wearing a dress. MCU characters don't need to look cartoonish like the comics. Cap's costumes in TFA and TWS look way better than in The Avengers, because they look more realistic. To give him credit, he didn't stick Scarlett Witch in a corset and cape. Although I'm sure that would have been nice for other reasons."
But all he does is win dude And Tim Tebow still sucks
No I just like making fake Reddit posts on my school's subreddit because I'd rather to do that than work on my homework. Seriously?
But it's ok we'll feel sorry for him After seeing this i fucking hate Charles
"Confirmation that Melee was dead game until Apex 2014/Evo 2014 Eh, depends how you view it. If you consider a ""living"" game to be acceptance from Daddy Nintendo and esports cash then sure, PM is dead as a doorknob. But there are still a ton of people who play it and that's really the only barometer for whether or not it's dead imo. Plus that logic still leaves plenty of room for games to be dead games. Next time you see a weekly for Bionic Commando Rearmed or Crash Bash let me know."
"He's better looking than us, of course he must be some asshole Really? Why? If you actually watch some interviews with him, he seems like a really nice guy."
"I have tons of fun trying to figure out the controls when playing Dwarf Fortress... most fun I've ever had. Euphemism. It's the same as ""fun"" when you're playing Dwarf Fortress or ""viable rocket design"" in KSP"
"That was so long ago we can't understand it today. To the Mormon Kaepernick haters (for the national anthem protest)...TIL John Taylor, the 3rd Mormon prophet, put all the US flags at half mast on July 4th, 1885 in protest of the government's anti polygamy laws."
"As a male who has watched all of supernatural so far, I resent that statement Never argue with the OP. Unless the OP says supernatural is for girls."
Good point. Incorrect
You should like you could be a sports journalist! Damn it that felt like it was wrong while I was typing and then I was too lazy to look at the top of the page to check.
[Apparently his voice files got replaced with the ones from Legion where he is dying] If we want them and dont want to run ICC can you tell us?
"Don't burst the bubble man , it was definitely drama don't you see thats not drama. thats just giving credit to the people they deserve. he didnt say amazing did something bad (even if its meant as little insult, which i dont believe, its hardly drama)"
"Obviously DICE's, since its their job to make it perfect. You suggested it, you perfect it. What if they did it in such a way it doesn't please you? Who would be to blame?"
I thought snakes had sex by sliding inside each other A King Cobra's purple and spiky penis.
Get out of here with your facts and non-Trump hating contribution! Hillary Clinton has much closer ties to Russia than Trump has. You guys are fucking retarded.
Great post the disgust and sadness on espn commentators and others that seahawks lost makes me sick.
"plot twist; her name is Dexter? I know. Many years ago my dad took my sister to a doll factory in our state as a surprise. Called it Father-Daughter bonding time. I have never seen someone more angry: my sister never played with dolls. She wants to study forensics and solve crimes, and loves talking about what different types of blood splatter can tell you about a murder."
"Wow Ovie made team Russia, I'm so surprised at that. Russia announces their Sochi roster"
"why not gold, then Then fill a steel shell with lead, Then it would be even smaller."
I strangle you What if I don't do it? (give you a copy)
"Freaking out black people with magic.....never seen that before! David Blaine freaks out Steph Curry, Jimmy Butler, Dave Chappelle and Drake"
"Just go to QPR, problem solved Cech wants to leave Chelsea. :("
Because a failure rating of less than 0.01% is cause for concern But there is a perception from the savvy that this device does not meet previous standards. Devoted Apple consumers will overlook this or dismiss it as a fluke. Savvy consumers (a much smaller percentage) will weigh this among the pros and cons of investing in the device.
Hydrofluoric acid is a type of liquid... Liquid damage causing scratching to a cable? GG.
"Nodejs, JavaScript everywhere, homie. Which technology/ies do you suggest then?"
I sense a conspiracy by existing Hall of Fame members to spread their votes across so many different players that no one will get the requisite votes for induction. Parvati's Hall of Fame Nominations
Really? Well Costanza was based off of Larry David
Zerg imba! MMA vs. Lucky series Are we watching Zerg doing early pressure ON terran? What the heck is going on here!
"Poor people should just stop being poor So because excellent education exist in wealthy suburbs, it's okay that we're ranked 40th?"
"Get out of my country, you Ostrogoth! Does that make Al Qaeda the Huns, and Iraq/Afghanistan the Catalonian Fields? Oh, and then the hordes of illegal immigrants supposedly taking over are the Angles, Saxons, and Jutes! And Washington is the stagnant pile of corruption that was Rome! ...This isn't fun anymore. :("
They probably had to buy them short notice from a foreign police force. How come the uniforms says police and not Garda?
"Of course not, that's because everyone already knows she won't get buffs Jigglypuff is not on the list"
Only because we don't have pac12 speed Opened 7 pt underdogs.
"Ugh, lies...lies told by the victor to discredit the leader of the Third Reich. He may have murdered Geli Raubal, his half-niece, while she lived in his apartment in Berlin. The death was ruled a suicide, but she was shot with Hitler's gun and it's possible that he killed her to cover up sexual abuse. You'd have to ask an actual historian, however, since this is in the realm of speculation for me."
"We have to have a place to put the diamonds that are so critical and important to Africa's economy and livelihood. ""78% of the gold consumed each year is used in the manufacture of jewelry"" ... wow, so we could have more forests if we didn't want to wear stupid trinkets on our fingers and necks. Humans ..."
Lol Civilization 5 is so unrealistic All the units go through the cities like Godzilla.
So hip and cool My friends got amicably divorced
"CCPlease yeah ccp does this on purpose. if they wanted they could work between 22.00 - 06.00 but because they dont like people in us timezones, they have instead a worktime from morning to afternoon. also they dont like the ships you usually fly and will nerf them with the next patch."
Obviously plane windows have a fish-eye effect. I have seen the curvature of the earth myself while on a plane landing at twilight. I really don't understand how someone can be so daft as to believe this.
"If they downvote you enough and tell you that you're stupid then you'll vote for Hillary, right? As a Bernie or bust guy, the dems are no better here. Appeals to party loyalty are disgusting on both sides. This election sucks."
"How much is that in real money? Sometime around 1998, I was working in London upgrading the authentication system for trading floor systems at a major international investment bank. I fat-fingered a configuration setting and didn't notice it. Luckily we were onsite in the morning as traders couldn't log into their systems. I was able to get it fixed, but several traders were unable to do anything for the first ~5 minutes of the trading day. I was told that my mistake could have easily cost around 1M pounds or more. tl;dr I broke the trading floor for a major investment bank. Probably cost ~1M pounds."
"Sounds like your area cops have their priorities straight. I empathize with his risk except he's small time, he doesn't move that much weight and he's hardly ever stocked with a whole lot. Not to mention where I live, police aren't concerned with busting dealers as much as they are about beating down kids with a g on them."
"Wow, thanks for the spoiler Apparently is out. Someone updated the info on Wiki for Ted (who was killed in that chapter, I guess) and the mysterious guy with Ahoge (Who is the classmate of Hijirihara)"
But what about the elephants ? They didn't even give those to people in WWI.
But they cut their hair It kills me that people can't appreciate Load and Reload for what they are because there are some of the best rock songs ever written on those albums.
"Yes, disagreeing on entertainment is a wonderful excuse for violence. Bill burr Dave chapelle Dane cook (assholey sometimes though) Kevin hart Jordan peele and keegan michael key When ever someone say jeff dunam I want to punch them in the face"
He loves himself more than Kanye love himself. You can just *tell* this guy wanks to himself daily.
Buy this 200 euro baguette and the chick comes w/ it France prostitution: MPs outlaw paying for sex - BBC News
"This must be NA silvers with the thoughts of ""let's get some skins, we'll be unbeatable"". Lower than silver confirmed?"
"Well obviously we should cancel this project because nothing has ever required software updates, change, modifications, or slight tweaking in the history of mankind. At what point do we cut our losses and just can the whole project? It's such a waste of money on such a garbage plane."
"They should've just stuck an Opening Gambit on Jaxi which reads ""Teleport this minion to a random unoccupied corner"" They probably kept the teleport to keep in with the flavor of normal Jax"
Needs more salt m8 entrusted_will.jpg
"No te puedo creer men, sos re influyente en internet Me acorde de una: administro varias cuentas de Twitter desde mi celular. El tema es que hay una que tiene 578.674 seguidores y contando, y una vez se me mezclo. Pense que estaba usando la mia, y pongo: @nombredeusuariodemimejoramiga vos sabes que te amo con todo mi amor Hice tap en el botoncito de ""Tweet"" y apague la pantalla. Despues me explota el cel de notificaciones, miro y me quiero matar. Cabe destacar que era una cuenta oficial y muy importante."
Did the price of coat hangars recently go up? I think a lot of insurances cover these pretty well. I think all four plans I've had in the past decade covered the procedure at least 80%. Cheaper than paying for a pregnancy.
"In his defense, white people don't know what it's like to be poor. That's a Tesla painted over with Bernie shit. Ya know, the luxury car that starts at $80,000."
Week 4 (1+3) Oooohhhhh spooky! I guess both these teams are unlucky
"so if your Tokyo machine, and u confirmed that mike is Tokyo machine....then what is the square root of the number of apples John bought? tokyo machine here, can confirm"
Everyone does eventually. I bow to your apparent greater knowledge.
Not carbon unless it has a weave on it daaaaaaaaaamn that weave
"Cool list of games dude, glad you shared. I got GTA 5, Cities skylines, payday 2, tomb raider and well many other games. A free to play MMO just does not sound fun."
"Only way or vesper chall bro let me go waste $20 playing a kid I met in a pub 1v1 Nuketown sniping, radar on, minimum health"
"Damn that democracy idea making the unwashed masses think they can influence our plutocracy! MPAA CEO: SOPA protests are ""an abuse of power"" and ""a dangerous and troubling development"""
"They aren't dark enough. There were plenty of ""PoC"" developers at the GDC this year, from countries like China, Singapore, South Korea and the Philippines."
"He's clearly the only honest candidate out there guys. *Well I voted for him because I just like that he's gonna shake things up, ya know?*"
They're wasting water lol! Use water wisely
\#collusion \ Refs fist bump after Denver TD.
"You mean there are two sides to the ball For one thing, he's a lot better defensively than DJ."
"JIT Java Interpreter Out of curiosity: before people found out early games were written in assembly, what did they think they were written in? I am not trying to be smug, I am genuinely curious."
Omg so funny lololol My highlight of Dragon Age: Inquisition
"But then how else am I going to brag about my 1337 haxz0r skillz without showing around my Arch install? PSA : use the distro you like, don't force yourself If you like Ubuntu or any other distro out there, then use it, you don't need to use arch/gentoo/... etc to become an experienced linux user. While it's fun to experiment and explore the fast world of linux, if you don't like a distro, or feel pain using it, then please, dont, nothing good will come out of it(most of the time anyway). This is a massage to all of the people who call ubuntu/mint/... etc a *distro for noobs*, while it's definitely easy, and good for beginners, many advanced users can be more productive with these *easy* distros instead of the *hard ones*. TLDR: Use what you like and have fun, you can potentially learn more with an easy distro than a hard one. PS: please let me know if there are any grammar mistakes ;)"
"Yea, so the schools won't need that other 40 million we were giving them. oh wow I didn't know the first 40 million in revenue went to schools. THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER!"
"Yep... Those criminals are certainly using the 13 bus when they do their crime in the wee hours of the morning long after they have stopped running. Good old Mayfair park... I remember the days when me and my pals would go smoke pot by the slide down there. In fact, I can see my buddies old house in the video the article is linked to, right on 2nd Ave. It's a shame junkies have infested the place. Queen Anne has always been a cesspool of rich parents and their shitty kids who spend all day tagging walls and injecting shit into their bodies. For some reason I have a suspicion these very same people I went to McClure with are the ones responsible for the needles popping up around Mayfair. Queen Anne is an interesting place because of how accessible it is to people committing crimes. Simply hop on the 13 and bam you're on First Ave. This year I'm a senior at GHS and all that shit is behind me. I think I might go to this meeting to provide some inside knowledge to the community. Throwaway for obvious reasons."
"You seem to be of the old fashioned opinion that words actually mean things It seems words take on a whole new meaning when it suits people. You sound like the media. Cowardly: *a person who is contemptibly lacking in the courage to do or endure dangerous or unpleasant things* What part of this guy's act didn't endure danger or unpleasant things? This guy was a crazy, but I hate when words get thrown around regardless of their actual meaning."
"He's had such a great track record of bipartisanship when the Democrats controlled the House and Senate, too. I'm trying to point out that Romney's lying(surprise!) when he says they tried to work with the president to turn the economy around."
"No but we totally do since we didn't support the candidate with less votes, delegates, and ideas Donald Trump is *one election* away from being President of the United States, and yet Sanders and Stein have decided that Hillary Clinton is the one they should attack. If Trump somehow wins, the far left and Sander zealots will only have themselves to blame. What a clusterfuck."
"Well, if the collective decides it is! Well I guess the next topic should be, ""Is survival evil?"""
"Communism. Under new Oregon law, all eligible voters are registered unless they opt out"
Its been a problem for a while Note 5?
"Wait, what's a Chase Utley again? Chase Ut... Oh."
"Money over everything! So because someone told you so, it makes it ok to completely ignore safety and traffic regulations. Right."
"Just another friendly good Samaritan looking out for his neighbor, eh? BYU Student Plans On Reporting/Blackmailing Exmormon Redditor"
"But isn't 5.56 *really* just a glorified .22? But it's not obvious, because an M&amp;P 15 looks fucking identical to an M&amp;P 15-22; especially upon first glance to somebody who's not versed in these things."
Well the other end is a switchblade so cops just have to confiscate them. Just wait until they hear about the marijuana e cigs people use that are so inconspicuous they look like a pen. So new and so dangerous.
"Actually, it's Feti, not Fetuses. In this thread: ""I don't know about anyone else, but I just don't find Family Guy funny"". Also, we get it. Fetuses don't breathe. You can stop saying it."
(((Silicon Valley))) more like amirite lads Time to initiate Socialism in One (Silicon) Valley
"there's an implied Neither is butthurt, but I doubt you're having a hard time understanding what's meant by it's use."
I think this makes a lot of sense because *nobody* gambles on college sports outside of New Jersey. The NCAA announced that it will relocate games held in New Jersey because of the state's new bill to legalize gambling. Thoughts about this?
"Duh, they're Apple Apple doesn't allow app developers to update their apps with APIs that are exclusive to beta/non-public software."
People fell asleep while listening to the rest of the album Lmao how did the 9 minute outro get to #29
"It was the one that looks like Tiffany I know...I keep side-eyeing that Dory-looking motherfucker like, ""was it you? was it you??"""
Lol yes in crucible the Titan needs to be nerfed with respect to the Hunter... if bungie wants to balance the crucible why does a titans special melee ability kill in one hit but not a hunter?
Melbourne has buses? Win movie tickets if you take a selfie with a bus (and only one entry so far). Why is nobody doing this?
"This must have been fun for passengers in the terminal to watch as they were boarding their flights. SERIOUS REPLY HERE FOR THOSE WHO CARE Sounding like the aircraft suffered a compressor stall prior to V1. The hot and high atmosphere killed #1, and a fuel line kept providing gas to the motor so she ignited. Crew aborted safely, two go-arounds were initiated, and ARFF reached the aircraft within 1 minute 40 seconds (ish) of a mayday call. No injuries reported yet. This could have gone a LOT worse. Props to the crew and controllers."
"Don't worry, he got 9k by playing meepo and not reading patch notes, he probably didn't read these ones either Woah the 9k is here, provide us your insight about the patch then?"
"and the level 5 vegans are lesbians! The stereotype is that all vegans are women or gay, because you know, femenism."
"Oh boy, a vidya that'll actually use the features of an i7 The Division system requirements."
"Yeah, just like how our courts are in the hands of politians. Independent body created, funded and modified by the government. Riiiiiiiiiiigt"
"No, ricky got that last kill. ACHES with yet another rewind play (1v3 vs TK yesterday)"
"Well God, obviously you should have put in the same effort. About every other day in the first week, once in the last week."
"Yeah, because it's a major storyline development. I dont, so thanks to OP for alerting me."
"As another IT worker, I personally love trying to discern what's wrong with your expensive electronic machine from the phrase ""shit's broken."" Another IT worker here... Would have to be ""my computer isn't working"", followed by silence. Elaboration would be beneficial here."
Just make it cost silver dust The Cryptarch Should Sell an Exotic Engram every week for 200 legendary marks. It would be a wonderful way to keep leveling up and not have to bank on Xur every week which can be hit or miss. I also feel like 200 legendary marks is very reasonable essentially cashing you out if you do choose to buy an engram.
"Yeah, like gays, because fuck them, right? He takes care of shit."
So racist Well this thread got dark
"sexism against men doesn't exist. Maybe you're right. If it's any consolation, I can tell you that there are lots of crazy guys in engineering and science."
Dude spoilers smh or go the way of true detective and beat the shit out of the kid's dad.
Does this mean they are culturally appropriating native American culture? Otherkin = Native American Culture
"Because Divine Ruin, Brawlers Beatstick, Pestilence and Weakening Curse isnt enough. First they came for the Warriors. Then the Hunters. Now the Healers?"
Hey shitlord the idea that being gay isn't a choice is literally the worst thing to happen to the movement. These retards are buying into the belief that being gay is a choice that lingers in humanity like a bad smell. And incredibly work to reinforce it.
"I'm so glad they aren't getting married here, I don't want to marry my dog. The fact that somewhere in the world, gay people are getting married. Oh man, see, there they go again, causing floods and shit. Selfish assholes."
No dude spamming f-smash and going for a spike takes mad skills why is this even on here
"But they are intolerant of racists! Oh no, it's a cult whose hallmarks are open-mindedness, tolerance, and diversity! Classic cult, right?"
Shiny Garchomp def. What is your favourite shiny? My personal favourite is sylveon the only pokemon looking pokemon in x/y.
You forgot the Send this shit to funny right now. This is funny. Not kidding.
"David Ginola! It is a complete no-hoper. Spurs sacked Jol for finishing fifth and Redknapp for finishing fourth. They've just sacked AVB, one of the most sought-after coaches in Europe just a few months ago, after a couple of bad performances. Do you really think Levy is going to turn to a guy who was sacked after Spurs finished 10th, a guy who has done nothing in the last seven years other than gardening and punditry? Spurs are massively, overly ambitious. Capello and Hiddink will be discussed. Hoddle will not."
"A guy that everyone wants a relationship with, just think he could tell you everyday he is the best you can get and other fun motivational boosters. I had a random guy add me on Facebook. One mutual friend, but nothing else in common. No idea who he was, so, logically, I ignored the request. The next day I start getting messages. ""I know someone as beautiful as you would never talk to me, but I have to try."" ""Girls like you are the worst. I'm just being nice."" ""You could at least say hi, bitch, I'm the best you could get."" I blocked him. Was thoroughly creeped out for awhile after that. Who does that?"
Don't you peasants dare criticise dear leader. Dangerous order by district magistrate of Indore banning any criticism on social media of de-monetisation by Govt. of India - Press statement by Free Software Movement of India
"Right, zifnab, it's the oil price and nothing else. ITT: People that think Venezuelan economic futures are tied to socialism rather than the price of oil. In other news, no one seems to care that Saudi Arabia and Australia and Alberta, Canada and North Dakota and all the other major energy exporting nations are *also* in financial freefall."
"Yes, for example the Jews have slits. Circular iris's are a pretty rare trait that only white people have, as everyone knows."
"No, corporations are infallible and have no faults. And you dont think North Face uses the lowest priced supplier who can provide what they specify?"
"That is your problem; if you were running DOS... Oh, I agree, but remember, he didn't know how to save, and didn't want to learn. Absolutely mind-boggling. All he had to do was save it to the server and tell the secretary that he did it, and she could have a head start and get more done. Everybody else in the office figured it out. It was a network of Macs! Point, click, save. It literally could not have been simpler, but it was too much for him. Amazing that a man who could pass the bar exam in three states couldn't/wouldn't learn how to use the thousands of dollars in tech that he paid for."
"you forget the But US rules the world, we do what we want. If we want no fly zone, we'll get it and fuck Russia."
"I guess his mentoring work is done. JaVale McGee waived by 76ers (no buyout), can sign with playoff team"
Say NO to discrimination! So lets have some more discriminate bombings instead.
So scared. Light heavyweight champion is scared of Middleweight champion
"Sounds like a nice neighborhood. Apparently the machete guy was acting insane, he lives in the same apartment complex, ""doing crackhead shit"". punching cars, harassing the hookers on the street, walking up to the pimps with his machete and the pimp had pulled a gun out on him(that's where part 1 starts)"
You let your husband objectify you like that? After 12 years together things like this feel like a huge win to me.
Don't forget to include yourself! He's the only person talking sense in this thread to be honest.
"Or because all the pros do it and it is obviously the thing that is making them better. You introduced your gf to cs a year ago and she is using black bars? like was that her choice? or was that just your setup and that is how she plays? Because I am not going to lie, I don't believe you. People that play with black bars, do so because they are use to it."
"Every semi-prevalent black man is a rapper though, didn't you know? The rapper isn't Charlamagne, seeing as Charlamagne isn't a rapper he's just a radio host. Dude isn't even a DJ, he just has a talk show. It's like calling Rush Limbaugh a singer."
only 84 rated how!?!?
"Yeah, how dumb to not be a gold digging whore that guys are always assuming every female is. I mean theoretically your ex-gf is a prostitute for sleeping with you only after you bought her food and paid for the events that you went to. We just choose to draw the line somewhere else as a society--you know for posterity or some shit. My ex-gf on the other hand, would fuck me for free, and then afterwards I'd take her to McDonalds or ihop and get her some chicken nuggets. You know what we call that? A dumbass."
"I didn't think it would be so obvious all along, we should have known! This is just amazing."
Yeah devs what the fuck There's a distinct lack of Avian posters in the game
"Have an osteotomy and join our master-race Would you mind explaining how you went about all this? I'm 5'9, pretty scrawny and want to make gains like yours! Thanks!"
Then why use Foster's as your word for beer? Australia drinks Fosters... never.
But... but... but how could a politician just get elected and ya know... lie? He's a politician. He lies.
"Just so we can see there is a ""lot"" of them. That's some quality patch notes!"
Thanks for clearing that up. No. Zelda is puzzle action adventure. SoulsBorne are Castlevaniesque RPGs. Zelda's dungeon design and puzzle sets it apart from a lot of other IPs.
And Finn Balor on the top right! R-Truth represents WWE on USA's Twitter Header
"You should get a massive backpack and walk on the train taking up 5 seats All good and well if you live in the city and work in an office, some of us live in the country and drive to work with our tools!"
Yup that is EXACTLY what they said TIL being a woman is slutty. I'm like the furthest thing from a feminist there is but sometimes this site is so fucking stupid in what it declares slutty it hurts my brain.
"I'm sure you had no idea without her helpful reminders! Ugh how annoying! My MIL loves to say, ""You know your body will never be the same!"" Over and over. Thanks, lady."
"He's good, but Laine would've scored two shootout goals Matthews Game Winning Shootout Goal vs Czech Republic"
"Uses 10,000 dpi What are you trying to compensate with that big screen? Your tiny little mouse pad? :)"
"Yes we can we are doing it for FREEDOM &amp; DEMOCRACY not like those commie ruskies How ridiculous and insulting that we are getting mad at Russia for ""indiscriminate bombing"" when we have killed thousands of innocents in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, etc. At least they're doing something, Jesus Christ. You can't have it both ways and take down Assad and IS at the same time. Assad may be a dictator but we have installed much worse people in other countries because it suited our interest. Does no one know anything about south/central America's or the middle east's pasts?"
Is BJP giving onsite? Entire AAP West Bengal unit decides to merge with BJP
"But if you had all of the answers, you'd be the one paid the most. I really fucking hate this about the U.S. and i fight as hard as i can to get that through my manager even though im just a shift lead. They put me in charge of the whole restaurant on saturdays, just because all three of the managers want friday, saturday or sunday off, i get the general manager asking for the weekend off as its not as busy but for the 2 assistants to want friday and saturday off is ridiculous. Honestly i respect one of the assistants for wanting saturday because he needs to see his kids(he's divorced) but the other assistant as soon as she got promoted insisted she needed saturday off, when she had never expressed need for it and she is a lazy fuck who pisses everyone off. If corporate could just have an all employees meeting, instead of two separate assistant manager and store manager meetings they could get down to the problem, but no they're too worried about what the people getting paid the most in the store think is going wrong in the store, when in fact the people working hardest and getting paid the least have the most knowledge of the place. Fuck corporations, unless your doing what this CEO did for his company then its just about the money and politics should be trying to fight this not make it a bigger problem."
"Nice try, Costco PR team! The first toy she has ever refrained from immediately chewing, ripping up, or destroying....he's survived 2 weeks now and she carries him everywhere. It must be love."
"It's cool guys, just like sharks they probably don't like the taste of humans Giant croc stalking beach in Timor Leste"
"D: Oh god, she's right D: How could I have been sitting here calling for the legalization of marriages based off of loving commitment for all these years, that's terrible! Here's what happens when a GOP Congresswoman tries to explain why marriage equality is bad, without using the Bible"
"Naw, man, kale's where the action's at. I've been trying to lose weight by cutting out cookies and chips"
"Yeah, NASA definitely never had a rocket failure especially one that actually killed people! I thought private companies can do everything better and cheaper than the government."
more auto-5-man damage ults like nu wa's fire shards What Ability Mechanic Do You Wish Smite Had More Of? For me I wish Smite had more Blinding abilities like Ra 2 and I think Xbalanque ult counts as one too. Also I wish we had more taunts!! Most op ability in the game.
"Now you're just milking it. Gr8 b8 m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8., I'm str8 ir8. Cre8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 88888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8."
"It's okay though, at least they won't be Evil. Google in Bed with CIA"
"Darn, that big brained black scientist named Yakub who created white people. Darn those white scientists and their gender binary!"
"I can only thinking movies... Which film did you think would benefit from a sequel and why? (Film, not movie)"
I did it all with a single lvl 1 naked prowler actually. do it again with no armor
"Sorry mate, you just missed it. Same here, although I often get the message something like ""the slime rain has stopped"" when I enter my world, even though it never started."
But but those people are too stupid to have thought guns were have been as advanced as they are! People who think you should be able to own guns
I'm pretty sure it was missing the She isn't now?
"More peace? Muslim men kill 23, set fire to multiple vehicles and take 126 people hostage at a high end tourist resort in West Africa."
If only there were an agreed upon sarcasm tag. He was just joking.
"Only people without elite skills use auto aim. I don't know why, that E75 should've auto aimed. I just don't understand what goes on in their head. Lots of people do this. Gets on my nerves."
"Baja un cambio chabon, que el puede elejir escribirlo como se le de la gana ^^^ GRACIAS. VINE A DECIR ESO. QUE CLASE DE VOCERO CONJUGA MAL EL VERBO ELEGIR?!?!!!"
"BuT My OH seE is orginel he's name iz Yoxy the fox and hes a good gay and he haLps the nitgurd he is fowxy but hes black ahnd geren Quick reminder; OCs are ORIGINAL characters So after seeing someone ship their recolor with Ballora, I felt like i really needed to address this. No, I'm not saying that you can't have the exact same animal species or something, but at least change things a bit instead of recoloring Mangle to blue and naming it Blangle. Good examples of OCs? Popgoes and Candy, both unique animals that weren't thought of before. Lockjaw (kind of) because that may turn out to be genuinely terrifying (okay, not really). But if you come up to me and say that you don't want me to steal your recolor of Funtime Freddy, I swear I will Anyway, just felt like this needed to be said. ^^^Grhv ^^^d ^^^grqxw ^^^frxqw ^^^dv ^^^dq ^^^RF?"
"Just wait until you try heroin! This is bliss. Took 2mg of xanax and 50 mg percocet.... I feel like this is the moment I've been waiting for my entire life. Right now I'm at peace, just that. I'm fading away into a world of warmth and happiness and by god this is incredible. I realize time doent keep going. It stops for certain people to understand the beauty of every single moment. Billions of people are worried right now but they dont see the big picture like I do. We're all so blessed ya know, juyst know you are loved by someone in this world. So close your eyes, smile, life aint so bad after all aint it? P.S. I'm melting into the air around me, time to close this computer. :)"
"Psh, why spend extra money on nozzles/injectors when I can just rely on the tune? Not all that hard when you're spraying upwards of 2000 milliseconds, thus pissing outside the bowl"
"Wow good idea, this subreddit is perfect to pick up women! XO Weeknd Snapchat"
"Yeah, losing Conely hasn't been devastating like the others One of these is not like the others lol"
100+ or trash Let's stop hyping up 40 bombs People are consistently dropping 40 bombs in HP all the time. I've seen 40 kill gameplays atleast once in every game on stream so far at columbus. It's not as big of a deal to get 40 kills in AW as it was in BO2
That OP bastard. Atleast for the second problem they said in the dev talk it only mitigates the first tick of an ability. So Anubis is pretty much her counter.
"There are too many 3D games coming out lately. I don't think you understand, the fact that no other 2d side scroller looks like this one is irrelevant. There have just been a lot of side scrollers being released, I just personally don't find them as fun and don't see why so many people get excited for them... especially with your example, why play a 2d version of dark souls when there is already a nice HD 3D version you can play instead?"
"Oh, but they're only concerned about her *health*, of course! MRW a gif of an overweight girl is on the front page and the majority of the comments are just jabs and insults at overweight people."
"**PLOT TWIST** you have to pay for a package that gives you a ""chance"" to unlock a new track Prediction - In a few months, Bungie will bring back Sparrow Racing League, there will be loads of new tracks, sparrows to earn and gear to acquire and everyone will say Eververse is worth it again."
"DAE humans don't have brains, only penises do? ""Right... so, either she lied about being 26 or she lied about being 13 (or she lied about both). Guess which one your dick is going to choose."""
"I should be worried about the Cardinals adding people to their already good defensive line but you face the Rams twice a year so there is a good chance most of your team ends up on IR before the Seahawks even have to play you. Don't worry, we'll take excellent care of him, and you can come and visit him any time you want!"
"Who knows, maybe they would have turned into Nazis as soon as they set foot in the USA and started murdering Jews. Anne Frank and her family were also denied entry as refugees to the U.S."
Unfortunately no... But it is coming soon! Is Pokemon uranium available for Mac OS?
"Better be careful what you say, he might threaten you! Anything Jeffree Star. I find his attitude and persona really unpleasant, and I am still annoyed that he is constantly rolling out new releases but can't keep the core items in stock."
"You're not my champ, bro I'll keep that in mind, champ"
Hmm I might just watch it now. Spurs-Warriors on Monday will be first time two teams with greater than .850 win %s will play each other this late in regular season.
"Damn, man, you could probably get a job teaching logic at nice university! pretty sad how they are stereotyping white bros, probably why they should've avoided diversity hires. Hope we don't see an increase in black on white hate crimes because of this show . That happened with sopranos, remember."
Just stay drunk and you won't get hungover Don't get so hungover that watching the fight is miserable.
Don't you see the default sub of 9 million was brigaded! The stickied statement did nothing.
"Fuck yeah, the Monkees are awesome Yeah, in the 60s and 70s"
"Right, racists flip all the time. Ah yes, lets cite a 10 month old poll from a Democratic affiliated polling group as undeniable fact. 10/10 would r/politics again."
You forgot the I bet she does have a good personality! Girls with Hyper-obesity are usually very pleasant and happy people.
"But then Bama would've gotten a bye and we wouldn't know that the SEC is the worst conference ever Alright CFB, let's quit the BS. Top 6 teams should be in. First two seeds have byes while 3-6 setup the semis (today's games)."
"thankful malaysia masih aman unlike zimbabwe ""I wouldn't hesitate to take stern action to those scholars who involved. You know really well what you've signed into."" Stern action for *attending a lecture*...? It doesn't matter what political party you vote for, attending a lecture being held in another (democratic) country cannot be legitimate grounds for threats. Malaysia's democracy is looking more and more like Zimbabwe's..."
In forced selective service. Women are the majority in the US and the world and in colleges. The deck is absolutely stacked in their favor. Name me ONE thing where men go first or are favored over women
"Well he is 3 time champion. Okay, I love D-Mo but his agent is trash, not gonna lie. I feel bad for Motiejunas."
"OOC: Yeah, totally ooc: Shrugs. Shaun never liked him anyway. Haha."
"But isn't that what *all* females want? the amount of shit they have for ""female football fans"" is so gross. Just because women like football doesn't mean they want gear that's bedazzled, pink, or frilly."
"Yes, I'm sure geopolitics move at a glacial pace and the briefings are all copy and pasted from the day before. The briefing is probably the same crap repeated every day. He has better things to do than sit in a meeting for that, and gets the brief in written form anyway. I dont see a problem with this...."
"Casual racism, always hilarious. /b/'s take on Michonne"
Did you know after hearing Johnny cash's version Trent Said the song was Johnny's now! Hurt - Johnny cash's version Mad World - Gary Jules' version Bohemian Rhapsody - Queen maybe that will clean up a lot of reddit threads.
"Hey I'm lvl 1 MACP certified, say that to my face bro! I always respected Russian hand to hand combat. My training in the same thing was a complete and total joke, also known as MCMMAP"
if that was the case Pete Morreli's crew is the obvious choice for gold standard refereeing why can't we have referees make the pro bowl too? seriously. Lets start grading referee performance.
Only because white people let them as a way to shame blacks. Asians are the highest earning racial demographic in the US by median salary. They have out-earned whites for around 20 years or so according to census data. So they seem to be doing ok.
"BECAUSE OF YOU GUYS. As Louis CK best put it, guys fuck shit up and girls are fucked up. Why are they so fucked up?"
Fucking mansplaining scum. That's not a window squeegee
"TIL Stereotypes aren't actually true who'd have thought As a Canadian, it's not true. People in my town have a server and they grief... everything."
"How about we just do away with the test and just open the flood gates? Canadian citizenship test too difficult, failing visible minorities - Home | The Current with Anna Maria Tremonti"
"Yea, t2 teams deserve to have their tournaments hosted in shittier places Agreed, definitely not a fan of this at all. This stadium has a 70,000 seating capacity.. CS:GO Majors usually have between 12-18k seats. And this is an event with T2 teams. It's way too much."
Must be your luck that the other team gets more players afk So am I bad or something? because I win the majority of my games.
What a shock. One in 20 Bradfordians drop off electoral roll as side-effect of fraud clampdown
You're just hating on my swag. You can use Fiddler to block OD'er packages/clothing/hats I do it all the time to get rid of those shitty muscles/ROBLOX 2.0
3 mercs and a 90s crow rip off seem like the perfect team Fits with the Shield? The team that's been built and promoted as the perfect three man unit? How does that fit exactly? Evolution isn't getting a fourth guy. It's 3v3.
You forgot to put the Thanks for the breaking update. We had no idea.
But he's in his prime right now! These are some amazing gets. Grandpha Federer was FAST in his prime
"Quran says nothing about Heroin being haram, that obviously means that it's halal. They don't drink but heroin is fine"
"That's funny, I thought Notre Dame was a national team... Latest midwest team to make the NCG."
"I cant wait for the new zeus sounds Can't wait for the new AK/M4 sounds! No kappa. Who else is really looking forward to the new sounds? With everything else refreshed, the rifles sound bland and stale to me. You can also use this thread to get all of the complainants about the new sounds out of the way before the update comes. For example: - These new sounds make the AK sound exactly like every other gun. - Why didn't Valve just give is 128 tick servers instead of forcing these new sounds on us? - These new sounds caused a huge FPS drop on my 486DX. Doesn't Volvo realize that not everyone can afford to add hundreds of kilobytes of RAM with every update?"
"Well yeah I guess if you want to go cherry picking... Ummm have you actually read all of Matthew, Mark Luke and John? There are several things that Jesus 'said' that are not in line with a civilized way of living... So many people hear the 'love your neighbors! Treat others the way you want to be treated!' parts but completely ignore the parts where he says, oh I don't know ""Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword. For I am come to set a man at variance against his father, and the daughter against her mother, and the daughter in law against her mother in law. And a man's foes shall be they of his own household."" or other violent things like that..."
"Yes, explain how Chipotle is so much better Why do people constantly say this? The Burrito Barn is absolutely nothing special. Only if someone came from a world where the burrito, and restaurants where you have to order at a counter, does not exist would they find anything interesting about the Burrito Barn. Why is it exciting? Because it's edgy? Stickers everywhere and surly, semi-unattractive staff who'd rather do anything else than bus tables and take orders. Interesting ingredients? It's a burrito: rice, beans and protein. Salsa bar? Pick from six flavors of tepid, fermenting salsa frescas for the 6 complimentary slightly stale chips you get with your awesome, interesting, slightly edgy burrito. I don't get it. Can someone please explain it to me? It's burritos in a dirty restaurant."
Ryan Gentles solo album! Is this post related to The Strokes? Are they going to have a Shooting?
Well... that's great marketing! Weapons used against civilians? Made in USA.
"Yeah.. I mean hitting 500k+ viewers during the summit 2 is nothing.. and 6 big lans in the past 2 months with 200k+ viewers each is just terrible. Did we peak at TI4? I've been watching Dota pretty religiously since the first TI, and I've never seen viewer numbers as low as they have been the last few tournies. And Dreamhack and Summit are pretty much the next step down from an International in scale and hype. How do you guys predict compendium sales going in 2015? And if it's way lower, what steps could Valve take to rejuvenate the scene?"
"""The tasteless adult party game,"" yeah, it needs further describing. An *ADULT* board game isn't appropriate for children? No way!"
So nice of the US to ship them a billion dollars worth of weapons to help them in their quest Saudi announces an imminent mass execution - including peaceful anti-government activists
Rise was brilliant and made total sense! Because Rise did so well...
"They forgot to mention that the donors have to be Aryan. ""Compensation should not be your only reason for becoming a sperm donor."" Also, you can't be one-a-dem queers. We don't want no queer genes."
Maybe he'll take Scuderi from us Shero hired as New Jersey GM
How can you be xenophobic when refugees aren't real people? Now let's walk the line of how xenophobic we can be without actually seeming racist
"Hekt ""LOL KEEP UP PCFAGS"""
"* 1"" * left * digital What's the maximum bevel thickness you'll accept? Do you want the input/output ports on the left, right, or center? Digital or analog buttons?"
"No he has a girl and a black on the show so no. I haven't listened to him in years. Is he still misogynistic, homophobic, and borderline racist?"
Now i need to drill a hole on my desk Apple went 'full retard'. No words.
"Forcing certain people to choose between their religion and education sounds like a great idea Niqab, hijab, burqa, christian cross, kipa or any religious sign. Because in France, school is a religion free zone. We learn science and knowledge, the rest must stay at the door."
"Oh look, another guy trying to control what a woman can or can't do with her body. AGoT Moon Tea. Could someone help me with modifying the Moon Tea event so that it never fires? I really hate it. I really like bastards, yet 99% of them get exterminated, on the rare changes that they do get made."
"You mean the players laughingly going oooOOOoooOO doesn't get you as pumped up as the old rival mascots drowning videos? I get what they were trying to do(a snarling skull) but to my eye it's not done real well. I'm personally not a fan, and my friends who studied design here (most notably, Scott Avett) all hate it. Hopefully it'll grow on us, because it's what we've got for the foreseeable future. But this is Jeff Comphor's second strike in a lot of people's eyes, first being the botched video they run pre run in. He's also angered a lot of the big money donors through some of his actions which they're perceiving as slights. Personally, I'm a fan of most of his moves he's making, but if he continues the way he's going, he won't be the head pirate for very long."
Because YouTube views are *so* important. Why the FUCK does a Youtuber with millions of subscribers have more views than a poem reading!?
"Yeah, cause Suicide Squad was such a flop Whatever DC has coming out."
I'm sure back then there was a reason justified by YHWH where the context was OK to murder babies. I'd like to hear in what context it is okay to murder little kids with rocks.
"The burn tells you it's working. I swear these people recommending this are stupid. Baking soda burns man, why put it on burnt skin? I once (stupidly) put water and baking soda on my hand and it burnt so much!"
"Such a good use of money After Texas high school builds $60-million stadium, rival district plans one for nearly $70 million"
"Your sister in law sure seems to know a lot about the political situation surrounding Syria at the moment But my sister-in-law supports sending troops to Syria, and she didn't support them going into Iraq."
BUT BUT dead people leave Without going into too much detail - retributionist is overpowerd - in fact the most overpowerd role with 90% winrate in high elo
Thanks for this most useful tweet EA! Roster update is coming...
The barrel and cylinder look like it might be a new production Remington Found this gun in a rental house I am renovating. Can you please help me identify it?
"Cry more, it will solve your problems. Making fun of bad teammates is against the summoners code. If you have a problem with the rules that the creator of league has in place, then I suggest you find a different game."
"Video games: a religion of peace, amirite? ""Islam is a violent ideology which serves as an excuse for Muslims to behave like fuzzy faced cavemen while pretending they are doing divine works."""
"No, they are obviously poorly made pancakes, yet sell at a restaurant somehow This kind of 0ancakes are made by whipping the egg white to stiff peaks and folding them in. The inside of this is closer to.something like and angel food cake"
Minesweeper Need new games Can someone recommend some games to challenge my PC
"Doesn't matter, made playoffs Wasn't that a bad record though?"
"Apple has trained you all to know about minimalism ITT, one person has never heard of minimalism."
Because PC gamers never fall into the traps of pre-ordering Well we refer to them as peasants for a reason. If they had the ability to read they wouldn't still be trudging around in the mud.
dude titans are the speed class Hunter: Speed class! Warlock: Tank class! Titan: Distraction class!
Oh man that site looks just awful. My camping buddy.
"The Message What's your favorite Bible version? My whole life I've been told that the King James Version is ""The true word of God."" And that it's the only version to read. But coming here, many people have different opinions on it. I'd like to hear what your favorite version is, and why you like it."
"I can't spell Internet connection with wifi nor wireless. Having had students come up and ask for a ""wifi cable"", and sincerely mean it, this sign doesn't surprise me in the least. The thing to remember is that to this generation, ""wifi"" and ""wireless"" don't mean lack of wires. Rather, they are simply a different way of spelling ""Internet connection."" When read the way they'll interpret it, it actually makes perfect sense."
Crazy to think the media shouldn't have a clear as day bias When they hate both candidates there is no one to favor
"I never realized that movie was a documentary. Um mate it's a movie based on a real event Hunter S Thompson actually did that, it's not an exaggeration it's how he remembered it."
"Not just two GKs, but Owen and Ronaldo between the sticks! Owen Ronaldo Ben Arfa Diaby Hargreaves Kaka F.Aurelio L.King Woodgate Richards Craig Gordon All time XI"
Breaking news. Straight from the IMF -A strong connection exists between Financial Industry **Lobbying** and **Favorable Financial Legislation**.
"Hell in a Cell instead of Summerslam, lucky you guys! Were getting Hell in a Cell"
"a thriving city with nowhere to park. Downtown Denver: Where once was parking lots, now is thriving city."
At least you are not paying for the channel NBC keeps interrupting my commercial coverage with random snippets of some Olympic ceremony.
[Maybe that achievement to collect the spaceship parts is from the FunkShip!] Bootsy Collins' answer to one of many important questions...
"Because the one redditor you're talking to has the power to impeach him... Prove me wrong and impeach this idiot. Though, I don't think it'll happen."
Cool thanks for the tip! yea you got add cocoa powder too
"I'm imagining him now with the hula hoop and the camera thinking, ""this is going to get me all the ladies!"" He included a YouTube video of himself hula hooping, so he's got that going for him."
"I don't know, mine goes nuts every time I tie it on her. ""Cats love it! "" Somehow I doubt it."
"Let's not forget Australia's role in this important milestone for mankind. Steps taken on climate change. 2014 will be seen as pivotal, when public apathy was overcome by 400,000 marchers in New York City and more across the globe, when political action started with President Obama's support for the Clean Power Plan."
In San Diego? im here in SD and one day last year it got to -50F. That was so god damned cold i cant believe it was actually a measurement. I had layers on layers and the cold just pushed on through. It got so cold that car batteries froze. my tires were frozen to the ground. It was such a shit show.
"No, no, it's totally that we have a massive advantage at Coors Field haha the Rockies' away disadvantage is the best thing in this article."
"And the judge, jury, bailiff, etc. 60K per year is not enough for the person who served jail time for a wrongfully conviction. A person wrongfully convicted can expect to lose public trust, family or spouse, and suffer abuse (mental and/or physical) while in jail. I know this would never happen, but, I would like to see the prosecutor and/or a shoddy defense attorney get a month of jail time for every year a wrongfully convicted person served."
Well Apple *did* invent mobile payments after all! Of course not. We don't even have Android Pay here yet. Apple Pay was invented years after Google Wallet and it still got here first.
"Possibly [the avatar of Sargeras] Who is that at 2:28, that greenish demonish figure?"
"Must be Aussie cause of all the times he's called this dude a cunt. He's definitely not Irish, he's got an english accent but most likely has at least one parent who was born in India/Pakistan"
That's what this filthy whore deserves for not fully covering her body in public. Old Man Groping A Mannequin
"Well, that's certainly not going to open up a black hole of precedent and demands from other locations. Reddit is now censoring posts and communities on a country-by-country basis"
"^convinced, and converted. Proof we were made in HIS image?"
Not as original as mine that's a very creative reddit name you got there
"Yeah those chemists are really getting paid the big bucks, they don't care about curing cancer... everyone goes into science for the money Big pharma isn't the only institution out there capable of medical research."
I believe it's called Windows Wine What perk is that? I think it may be a new one
I like how all the expensive components ejected right before impact. Jet explodes into a fireball
"The teacher is just a shitlord trying to fat shame her for her eating I don't think it is just mild discomfort, I bet it feels pretty awful to have the numbers staring you right in the face that you aren't some special snow flake and have in fact eaten yourself into obesity."
"now, on to sweinsteiger #mufc spokesperson on Fabregas:""We appreciate Cesc is a contracted player at Barcelona, completely respect everything Cesc has said today"""
"Psa, victory means good matchmaking. THIS is what proper matchmaking looks like."
"Damn commies trying to take away my 2nd amendment constitutional right to open fire on innocent civilians! Fargo legislator wants to change ND law, ban violent felons from owning guns"
"What could possibly go wrong? Hey US, remember when we supported and helped organize the Viet Minh? How did that work out for us? Remember when we supported and helped train the muja hadeen? How did that work out for us?"
"oh, look another post about the NSA... What's gonna be happening"
"But money is free speech. So, should we like, get banks out of politics?"
"""but its like okay :)) it happens so rarely :P cut dicks just look nicer right guys?!"" Circumcision Disasters - This is what happens when circumcision goes wrong. Male Genital Mutilation MUST stop!"
Our frog pond is pretty damn lethal these days Visiting Boston IRL...that moment when you realize you're under leveled
"Yeah, what he said. You put 01 in your post, JD uses the 0 and 01."
"It's about ethics in gaming journalism. Yeah, I see these threads on reddit but never clicked. I feel tricked now but I'm still not gonna bother to find out who they are. Something about reactions, yadda yadda."
"Yeah... Democrats will totally win. Stop punching yourself in the face. If you think you're angry now, just wait until the Democrats get sworn in. It's imm**i**grant, by the way."
"yea, not like this show has magical swords or anything as it is Yea, like stereotypical Disney magic sword shit."
"Or we could just trade him to the AFC Stafford has beaten 22/32 NFL teams to date. Boredom and the post about Roethlisberger finally beating all 32 teams led me to this. --- We'll start with the NFC. Stafford has beaten 14 out of 15 possible opponents in the NFC, with the 49ers being the only exception (so close). --- The AFC is another story, not surprisingly, because he plays them much less frequently. Back in 2011, the Lions ran the table on the AFC West. 4/4 Due to injury in 2009, Stafford has only had 1 crack at both the Steelers and Ravens. They've lost to the Bengals twice with him and beaten the Browns twice. 1/4 He has likewise only had 1 crack at the Patriots, Bills, and Dolphins, although he beat the Dolphins this year. They also beat the Jets this year. 2/4 The only season they played the AFC South was 2012. The only team they beat was the Jags. 1/4 --- The only way for us to add a team this year is if we make the Super Bowl. Perhaps an AFC North team will make it or we'll get another crack at the Patriots or Colts. We play the AFC West next year so the only chance at adding an AFC team would be the Super Bowl. We do play the NFC West, so we'll have a shot at the 49ers, at home no less. 2016 will see us up against the AFC South and have a chance to beat the Texans, Colts, and Titans. 2017 will give us a chance against the AFC North again and the Steelers, Ravens, and Bengals. 2018 completes the circuit with the AFC East again and gives us another shot at the Bills and Patriots. For what it's worth, almost every single time we face a team for the first time, it comes down to the wire. They've come extremely close to beating the Colts (2), Titans (3), Bengals (3), Bills (3), Ravens (2), 49ers (6), and Texans (3). That means really only the Patriots and Steelers who beat us by more than a TD. That is all."
"Gooddell means business, I'm sure he'll keep up the pressure on domestic violence and former players having their lives ruined due to concussions. @AdamSchefter: Filed to ESPN: Tom Brady suspended four games, Pats lose 1st round pick in 2016 and a 4th in 2017, and team fined $1 million, per source:"
"You say WWII i say the war of jewish aggression(existing is an aggression) Haha Hitler not being responsible for World War II is a whole new line of revisionism. Damn kid, you dumb."
"wow, who would have guessed that Zooming in?"
But the first ingredient is whole grain Feeding your kids sugar packed breakfast cereal.
"Obviously the part where it encourages Satan worship, magic, and irreverence, and leads you astray just like it did for Elfstar in ""Dark Dungeons"". Wait, which part is the sinful part?"
Oh really now? If you want *thousands* of zombies on the screen in one area that is a pipe dream. Thousands spread out across the whole map is probably closer to what they are aiming for but only once the map is bigger.
I'm pretty sure the number is a big red zero. TIL that your ability to perceive color contrast and your monitor's ability to reproduce contrast are factors in measuring intelligence.
hahaha you're going to hell. I waited every morning to catch her in action..when I finally did..
and just in time to regain some form for the euros Kevin Strootman Returns to A.S. Roma Squad Against Palermo After One Year of Not Playing
"I think we have NSA to thank for that is this relative to the number of toddlers in the USA? sure there is a higher chance of a toddler killing you, but there are also infinitely more toddlers than terrorists in the USA."
No one saw that coming... Toyota to cease manufacturing cars in Australia
In no way is it unstable or fenceable. How does the new indycar feel on road circuits?
"yeah she was asking for it ""shh"" is grounds for assault I get what you're trying to say. It's totally her fault the youths decided to attack her."
"Oh boo fucking hoo....get back to work! ohhhh life... they tell me I'm making decisions of my own volition, yet i never made the decision to begin the simulation in the first place. woe are the paradoxes of this existence. and how futile they make life seem"
"I wonder if there was anyone from Syria in Germany who might want to do such a thing? German commander in charge of anti-ISIS coalition in Iraq has been found dead in his hotel room in Irbil. ""This incident is under investigation and further information will be released as appropriate,"""
You obviously just dont appreciate modern art.. For when you absolutely hate your dinner guests
"Ok, so as the bleeding-heart, ultra-liberal that I am, I take the promote as provide... Fuck all that aren't as fortunate as you and me! ""_promote_ the general welfare"" , not ""_provide_ the general welfare"""
doesn't seem photoshoped at all Turns out Delph didn't sign for City...
"Yeah we need a real straight shooter like clinton in office! He's a piece of shit and this changed nothing. He was a terrible person before, and is still a terrible person after."
Or riot shields Now we need shin guards in the buy menu.
"Justin Bieber wears these all the time so it must be cool. Seriously guys, is this supposed to look good on people??"
"Yeah totally gross man I'd never touch that grimy shit.. Yuck, looks cloudy and has plant matter in it."
"Never should have ended slavery, lost so much money from that scheme. Losing millions of dollars just for the sake of ""doing the right thing"" doesn't make you an adult. Just makes you an idiot."
"Obviously every person who has more money than me has got there through cheating or being a dick, my procrastination and lack of effort is completely not to blame. Oh yeah, big time complainers in this thread."
fuck you don't welcome me welcome to reddit
"TRM Who is the most iconic TSM player ever? There are a lot of players that have been on TSM that are or were huge names in League of Legends. For me... it's my boy Dyrone, now and always."
Stop Swedsplaining it with your Swed privilege. Swedish designed Swedish speed bumps are being Swedishly installed by Swedanians in Sweden and are effectively Swedelicious.
I'll have you know revolution is un-communist Implying that leftcoms would even attend a revolution
"Oh great, I love trying to find people for 2 minutes on a huge map with only 6 players camping with snipers. Dear Bungie, could you please bring big maps for big team modes back to regular crucible? I miss using my sparrow, pikes, turrets, etc. If not soon, at least have big team modes with D2."
"Too good for cereal box games, mister Moneybags? No my family wasn't poor."
Yea fighting should be fun! Richardsons was just fucking ugly.. Stajan on the ice on his back and still getting punched in the head. You can't have that shit.
SMR is my favorite gun no YOU forgot about adding tombstone and the SMR. How could you forget the best things in zombies smh
"Rafael, Gibson, O'Shea, Fabio What is the greatest midfield ever? Got into a debate on who had the greatest midfield ever. I argued that it was Beckham - Scholes - Keane - Giggs . He disagreed with me. Was curious on what your take on this was."
"I think I have a solution, replace school buses with taxis! That money is sorely needed to subsidise fossil fuel industries and to help ensure big corporations continue to avoid paying their fair share of tax."
"Hurr hurr hurr, it's funny because you're the first person to think of doing this. I'm.. uhh.. not sure if that's the appraisal I'm asking for, but I'll take it!"
Alright man no need to brag how the fuck am I supposed to know those are signs like every girl does that
Be sure to use Corsair brand computer oil! Its that time of year. Dont forget!
"Does only one exist? Yes please! I was a summer intern there, they are a great organization!"
"no you racist! The people in the video were also committing crimes, should they be charged and sued?"
This could be perceived as discrimination against mouth breathers. Does CO2 we exhale count too?
"Dana and the UFC are trying to push Ronda's workload and media obligations onto holly so she becomes overwhelmed and it's harder to train for the rematch, thus giving ronda the edge and helping to ensure they get their queen of MMA back... The man in the tinfoil hat told me. Holly Holm is not only a badass, she's a fun and like-able person!"
"Omg I watched it 37 times in the theaters and bought 18 blu-rays because fuck your nostalgia man babies. After watching this behind the scenes, it makes me glad I never saw the movie."
Cause when it really comes down to it people liking you is all that matters They basically can't comprehend that *not* being a huge asshole to 90% of people might actually make people more likely to like you.
Bitches love making sexytime in a crib. Precisely why I still sleep in a crib.
"But but wage slavery and exploitation What's fraudulent about it? The disabled person is getting paid $1,000 to spend a day at Disney."
oh... I thought it was yess
Foxnews is the most accurate reporting service next to the bible. Fox News: Firefox most popular search engine after Microsoft and Apple
"That's a lot of long passes for a player who only passes backwards Long passes completed by midfielder in 16/17 - Henderson (111), Kroos (102) and Thiago (101)"
Does it restrict your vape when you crank up the power like IRL too? The Flowmaster
I can't WAIT for Mega-Metagross to be banned from OU! Oficial notes of Mega Diancie and Mega Metagross from OR/AS website
"License Raj ""get back""? Which ""golden age"" in the past is he referring to?"
"Ofc, I have agreed with Fox News since they pushed Obama's being Muslim and not a citizen, they are a paragon of responsible journalism, just like #TYT. Don't forget fox news, they are the ones who are truly fair towards Bernie and Hillary"
"Jesus said the rapture is coming and that these are the end times, when the world gets bad enough, we will all be whisked away to narnia to leave all the brownskinned heathens to fight the armies of satan on Earth. Climate change deniers of reddit, why do you believe what you do?"
"He didn't have a gun it was clearly planted by the corrupt officer, according to his family it was just a book even though none was found on the scene. He also deserved this. Pull a gun on a cop and you get shot. Black or white"
are you awake yet? i will keep sleeping
"People with differing opinions are dumb, right? You don't approve of someone feeding a scorpion a hornet.... Holy shit I can't imagine how often you get offended. Should OP have put a trigger warning there for ya?"
"This confirms it, it needs to be made out of bedrockium. Oh man, I'm sorry. At least my juicers are only made of stone?"
"But government can *print* as much as they want! They're not identical but that doesn't mean they aren't comparable. Government running excessive debt is still a bad thing for many of the same reasons that personal debt is: The bigger your debt, the more you spend servicing that debt and money spent servicing debt is money that isn't being put to practical use. Unless the debt you're incurring generates a return greater than debt service charges, it's still a bad idea whether you're talking about personal debt or government debt, and most of what the government overspends on does not have positive returns which just results in more taxpayer money being funelled to banks and other countries via interest payments in the future."
"Thanks, such a helpful reply. Forget underselling yourself, don't undersell the market. That makes it tough for everyone."
"Just wait and see, give him a chance! I feel like the world has amnesia, because I was under the impression that *everyone* knew the type of person he was and could see right through him. Apparently I was wrong about how perceptive people are."
Noone can see above 24 fps too Most people can't see past 29 reused assets anyways.
You forgot the And build quality is also what you are getting from a Razer.
I disagree with your opinion so much I'm going to downvote you :-) this is probably his best work
Yeah they should just be grateful for all that vile criticism and child molesting! I don't understand why these child actors are never grateful for the opportunity that they got and instead just blame the industry for taking away their 'normal' childhood.
"Clearly we need to make drastic cuts to entitlements. U.S. Army fudged its accounts by trillions of dollars, auditor finds"
"We can expect more boundary violations now in nullsec. Now that the AT is over - How's the war in the north going to turn out? ""All"" of PL's (PL's words not mine) active FC's are returning from full throttle AT mode, the war in the north under NC. leadership seems to have stalled out a bit. Whats the thought on the outcome of the conflict? NC. admitting defeat to Co2/Test, or PL jumping in and organizing a blitz?"
"Because German Luftwaffe units never saw ground combat It definitely should. Also how come infantry can use the Johnson, but German infantry can't use FG-42"
*Actually* it's a 3 meter long spatula and the grill is right outside of my room so it'd be quite accessible! Using your food rake?
Let's post this in every positive comment string guys Real analysis should come with better writing.
"Typical Chelsea... Buying the Premier League I'm pretty sure that's how he got one last year, Mou bought him one"
"""secular reasons why some people do not deserve the same rights as others"" i have no idea why this could be seen as bigotry ""Sexual integrity,"" family values, deemed hate speech by Stanford Graduate Student Council"
Concrete box? Then what's the purpose of saying it only takes ten seconds for a thief to open it? If it's not a safe anything will take a thief ten seconds to open.
"Easy solution: Put Blingtron in your deck. Yeah, I really needed these deadly poison and flade flurry!"
Nuclear power is safe and cheap Fresh nuclear leak detected at Fukushima plant
Yeah adults should never hug children Grown women touching little boys.
Goddamn it this Christmas advertising just gets earlier and earlier each year! Cat wrapping tutorial.
Because no one ever criticizes Western culture on reddit. I'm really growing skeptical of these sweeping claims about Chinese culture as if there are no flaws in western culture or that western culture doesn't have anything to worry about.
you forgot the Yeah I was making fun of all the cop haters.
"Hey now, it's very responsible to have a back up plan. Lmao, I don't understand this. ""Why don't you put your life on hold for me while I fuck someone else. If that doesn't work out, I'll come back because you'll take me back anyway."" Glad you dodged a bullet there!"
But I hate train Stop crying and train more.
That'd be racist One question. Why isn't this possible for returning ISIS fighters ?
"yup, its all about small government Typical modern conservative, wasting time on the government dime."
"Everyone else has no idea how to mow their lawn, casuals. I'm not sure you guys are mowing your lawns right..."
"Yeah, what weirdos people are for wanting to get justice for something that happened years ago So what do you want to do? What's your solution? Prosecute her? For what she did when she was 17? What would that accomplish? Fire her? For how long How long is she on a black list before someone's allowed to hire her again? A year? Two years? What happened, happened more than 10 years ago. How long, a decade after the fact, does she have to pay for what she did? She did something fucked up as a 17 year old. Why do people rush to the need for *punishment?* Can nothing wrong happen in this world without its being punished? Can we maybe admit that sometimes, punishment just *won't make anything better?*"
YES.YOU SHOULD BE! I own NVidia. Sorry.
You mean it won't be put in Africa where he was born? Barack Obama presidential library to be built in Chicago
It's because of violent video games of course! Man you guys wonder why school shootings happen.
"Son's of bitches... United States of America, Heck Yea! - These Guys Are Good"
"Fairly large considering it was a cold day, right after a major terrorist attack and the speaker is supposed to be the chief butcher-e-musalmaan! And what was the crowd like?"
but we've had such good luck with italians in the past! Ahhh yes! Stay away from Benatia.
"They aren't hackers bro, they are gulbul leet smurfs. For CS it's just hackers, they piss me off so much"
"The gigantic 'S' on her rental life preserver wasn't obvious enough? plus - those paddles are crap, as is the canoe they are in. I detect RENTAL. that means that the ""engine"" (AKA woman in photo) probably isn't paddling hard enough to get any speed going, and the steer (photographer) probably instead of ruddering correctly is flipping his paddle left side/right side/left side or J-stroking like mad to keep them going straight. regardless - great sceenery though."
"*blink* O...k... last I checked witchcraft was a thing that took years of dedication and practice but apparently I could have just bought a super shitty ""Love Magic for Dummies"" and been rolling in throbbing dick without any effort at all. Love Spells That Work Fast"
"OMG, look at all that pollution from all the massive traffic in the city. Skyline with the Juche Tower, Pyongyang, North Korea"
"Yeah, good thing you thought of that. damn it. if *only* we had a sarcasm and ironic font. that would really make my day."
"I know enough not to trust an Irishman to be objective about the UK. Why do the UK deserve anything? I've had to listen to how the UK deserve more matches, a london team etc and its ridiculous to listen to. They dont deserve anything, especially when you consider that all they are actually doing is just asking for more and hope that Goodell is obsessed enough with a London franchise to do it. Its an American league and should have all its teams play in america. What they want is the equivalent of US football (soccer) fans demand that Burnley should be moved to the US because the US have English Premier League fans aswell so therefore, they deserve a team. Just for context, Im Irish, not from the US or UK so Im in a reasonably objective position looking at this"
YEAHH THIS IS IMPORTANT Chaos Knight's horse's hoof prints are in the wrong orientation
"It's a ""feature""! Dat fog!"
"Man, how could you not, with all the flaming success he's managed over the years at State. TIL a lot of Michigan State fans have no idea what Dan Mullen looks like."
Press F to Press Report for Spam It's 3/3/2015 03:33:33pm
This is fake as fuck... Misty would have died N1 if this was real JUSTICE FOR SALEM (a.k.a. lynching annoying D2 revealing mayor)
"Ahh, ok, that *easily* justifies the $2500 per issue. No, S&amp;W stopped printing because everyone but me either graduated or was about to graduate. this has changed yet the E - Board still doesn't want to allow printing to happen. There is an issue coming out and while I don't know all the content, I know there will be an interview with an upper - level admin. And the other stuff I saw last semester looked good."
"Of course it is, we don't kill people. But it's ok to say ""I love Britain"" or ""`Murica!"""
It's just a vast right wing conspiracy. When will we get an official response from the Clinton campaign? They can't ignore this right? She has to make some sort of statement.
"Of course not, it's Juan, Jesus, and Maria. Do you also think that all mexicans are named juan, and all arabs are al'qaeda?"
"Ugh, you're so selfish for providing a liiving for yourself instead of being on reddit 24/7! I'm at work."
"Wish bobby were here Lamela... I think if anyone still supports Lamela and giving him his umpteenth chance, than this performance should now persuade you he can't cut it in the prem. It's currently 2 2 with Stoke and even if he isn't directly responsible for the goals, he has given up ball after ball. Fouls left right and centre. Brushed of the ball constantly losing possession. I haven't seen a player come on and make such a negative impact for a long time. Absolutely shocking."
"Pau? Yes to races in France, but surely there are better tracks in France than Magny Cours? It was never terribly popular when it was being run. Paul Ricard? Dijon?"
"So why don't they give the car a good engine and then place a governor in there that caps the speed to 60mph? Some need cars that can accelerate fast, going 140 is just a by-product of having that power. Governors can be easily disabled, just saying."
"And that's why liberals are the real racists Hardly. Why would you think that? Because they view that people can live without handouts, just as all other people? You know, like equals. As opposed to the Democrat version that states that blacks simply can not compete with the other ""races"" and so need these special advancements, special help and special compensations? One is treating people equally, and to you they are the party of racists. The other, believes that blacks are inherently inferior (Thus the ""need"" for those special programs, or else that can't compete on their own merits) and they aren't the party of racists to you? Do you live in opposite land?"
"Well there's your problem, your CPU is flooded, need to get a waterproof CPU if you want to put it under water Yeah I have fully updated drivers and Windows. Cpu Temps 26c as its under water and I keep my ac at 67f. Gpu was 55c."
"Yeah man, fuck you and your *logic*. Because I was able to provide logic and reason for the anti-apple circlejerk. People that hate the circlejerk want to assume it's just whiny people hating trendy things."
"Check your bizarre privilege, shitlord. Bizarre, my thoughts exactly! What a sick world we live in."
"No, but Jon Stark is! They also said Jon Snow is not coming back..."
Well yeah its at the top of their priority list because this is game breaking and it affects the in game economy in a negative way Are they REALLY patching outfit glitches already wow... They have nothing better to do?
Just until we figure out what's going on! This is what a slippery slope feels like.
worked great with the gay too If we stigmatize it hard enough maybe they'll kill themselves.
Uh well I doubt he will reach 200 by this year What are the chances Brady 94 overall card gets a milestone for Brady's 200th win
Absolutely not! you can't support both?
I'm sure they would really give a shit about typos in a rick and morty game Anyone find this typo yet?
"well duh, losses OBVIOUSLY are the only thing that define your team, after all, the 9ers were 5/5 until that Harbaugh guy came along, then they LOST the big one, so he had to go! Yeah it's so weird to me how Super Bowl losses show some type of failure for a team? That makes no sense. You got to the damn Super Bowl, that's an incredible feat."
It spells out CHOLE sometimes. What is the 5 digit number in the top right? I only just started playing yesterday and couldn't quite figure it out. What is the 5 digit number in the top right representing?
Fucking Rodgers Sakho not on bench after missing training due to birth of his baby
"He just told you the appeal, were you not reading? I know what it is. I just don't see the appeal in getting high."
Way to step up UAE....just in the nick of time too! The United Arab Emirates is going to start taking in Syrian refugees
"As long as there's no nipple it's gucci! I mean, there's censorship, but..."
"Yeah, I mean you know, she probably just doesn't shave her legs. How do we know? I naturally assumed OP is a girl."
"The anxiety of dealing with everyone. Reddit, Whats the one thing you look forward to on Thanksgiving?"
"yes, all glass from russia is lower quality The only reason that window broke is because it's made of shitty russian glass."
So surprised Michael Sam is cut by St. Louis Rams
But how could we have anarchy with no shitty reddit drama? Beats me. One would think that this is completely irrelevant to the topic of Anarchism.
"God damn women these days, why don't they hate themselves and be completely submissive anymore? Nobody likes a confident girl..."
"BUT MURICA IS SUPER RESTRICTIVE AND IMPERIALIST! My point was that most countries are more restrictive in this sense than ghe U.S. Yes, barter is recognized as an option, but it is eigher prohibitively complicated for ordinary people, or contradicts currency regulations."
"Japan knows whats up, only the big six are worth using. VGC 2015 has variety"
But it has *fruit*. I mean there's something to that yes. But you also have to be some scary degree of dumb (willful or otherwise) to believe a poptart is actually healthy. I mean come on.
"so they nerf an ability because it functions well with gaining focus... which doesn't even directly involve gameplay, thats genius.... this is probably made because of the stealth nerf. DE has complete and absolute insight in what the player uses in the missions (see ""what player used since""- statistics) and since many player put lenses into their melee, why not nerf that interaction with ivara then? makes sense, amma right?!?"
"hahah yeah sure every game out there releases a patch that makes the game different in 2-3 weeks prior to release ""Solicit a refund if they pactch the game"" Hahahahaha that's not how anything works dude"
"Oh, now I get it Fuzzy math"
"You're right, might as well not watch You'll be disappointed."
"Fuck outta here damn redcoat American 90's kids are just salty that they didn't grow up in the British 80's. We had Queen, Madness, Depeche Mode, Wham!, Slush Puppies, BMX bikes, Woolworths, the Beano, Dandy, staying out until dark surrounded by council flats, Tomy Super Cup football, Wimpy, AIDS, the I.R.A, Margaret Thatcher and the Poll Tax. Even the British 2000's were better than the 90's in the US. Bow down to your imperial masters, burgers."
"You better tighten that shit up, eat lot's of bananas and whole grain foods. If it's loose I can have a what? ever since I got to college my shit has gotten pretty loose."
"Oh but it'll happen if we re-elect Trump! What the fuck are these people talking about? Let them have their psycho moment, I suppose, but we should save these things to rub in their faces in four years when literally none of this stuff happens."
"Wait, you don't have to buy everything in the store? I get the opposite. ""You looked at my profile(but never messaged them) so you MUST be interested!"" It's like, a grocery store. You're there to browse the items, compare prices and figure out what fits you before you 'buy' it. People just don't get it!"
"And as usual, TDB is taking them all ... According to Liquidpedia Homestory Cup will give out WCS points."
"you need to fight Wanderlei Silva in your first UFC fight, seems alright to me This slavery gig sounds pretty good, where do I sign up??"
"but its so little, what harm could it do? I found the project very neat! Although he doesn't follow very common safety practices."
"Yes, it's not like he is a Doctor or anything! What I hate more is when people call him Dr. Paul in order to make him seem more knowledgable."
"Real men shave in the nude. Bath Robes? It's winter time and I'm tired of being naked and cold while I shave, do you fuckers have any bath robe recommendations? Also, I wanna buy that shit off Amazon, because gift cards. ya know? Also, it should not cost more than like, I dunno, 50 bucks, because I'm not paying that much for something that covers my naked wet ass, even with a gift card. . ."
"Yeah learn how to use photoshop before you try and make some stupid motivational poster to hopefully help a stranger with a rough time they're having, you monster. and happiness."
"You dropped this I kinda unironically want Trump for president, only because he's the first honest politician I've seen in a long time...also he's smart and he gets things done, which is also rare for politicians"
"DAE Hate Breeders AMIRITE? Im child free by choice, but I do loath how the child-free culture is so negative to those who do have kids. Kids are neat, I just dont want one."
Surely the Iranian regime is capable of operating a nuclear program while it hangs Iranian women for dancing.... Iran Hangs 37-yr Old Man For Heresy
I'd say so with defensive effort like that eh? Harrold got the primary assist.
"Haha probably because that's the Werriwa Electorate, I don't think they mind it happening in a Labor safe seat :P. Now it does. The public found out Sydney Trains cancelled Christmas and they rang 2GB yesterday n Ray Hadley gave the government a serving. We're still not allowed to have Christmas decorations up at the station, only Liverpool and Glenfield are. Why I don't know just them?"
"I agree, the FBI should never investigate any high-level politician for ANY crimes, it ruins the fabric of our government. What the FBI is doing is illegal. They are supposed to have integrity and trust not political bias."
stop bein racist ya'll.... they're fighting the system. It's unfortunate how accurate that is.
"yeah as we know reddit has been donating to Bernie for decades And do you think that reddit who has a hard on for Bernie, is going to say that he lost?"
"Yeah, because a billion-dollar company based in Montreal would totally forget that Winter exists. I can see this being a huge problem with the winters we have here .. re: snow, ice and especially salt. Me thinks they made a mistake."
"Here, I think you forgot that: Beats by Dre"
"MrMatty most reliable source ever. ""enclave confirmed in fallout 4"" Because he saw the helmet. When they are not in the game."
I only listen to the weather channel when it tells me my weather forecast The Weather Channel Confronts Republicans on Climate Change
"You are clearly heterophobic and racist towards Asians. I'm gay and saying *No asians, no femmes* on dating sites can cop you a lot of flack. Personally, I am generally not interested in blacks, asians, femmes, fat guys, guys heavily involved in the scene, or anyone HIV+. That's something for a whole bunch of people to get pissed off with me about."
"Yeah, but the principle here is African-American so he can't be British, duh. Well 'ol chap. Do I have to remind you that our beloved Harry Potter is British. *bitch*"
"Of course, fuck LB or CB its a lack of pass rush why Miami's D is so shitty. The Dolphins have claimed Quinton Coples"
"yeah, how else am i supposed to distract him with blowjobs when i'm losing? You want to be in the same room as your friend? Loser."
Which other of our strikers should we bring on... Benteke is really annoying me today. We seem to run out of ideas when the ball gets to the final third! Firmino is looking dangerous! I yhink we should switch to two strikers. Benteke is looking isolated...
"But we were told the A-10 was obsolete and should be retired. US Sends ""Tankbuster"" Jets To Europe Over Russia Fears After Germany Says ""A Large Scale War Could Develop"""
And Sam Biddle is a Saint too. A lot of assumptions there. You even put Kotaku and professional in the same text!
"You're on Reddit... You're not the minority here... I have Asperger's AMA yeah I have Asperger's so ask me anything , I really don't mind so don't be afraid to offend me"
"It's glandular. I just googled her, how the hell did she obtain the position of minister of health?"
And we're headed back to before 1836 if Starbucks doesn't put a goddamn Christmas tree on my red cup! TIL Christmas was illegal in America until 1836
"no, obviously the NBA wants to push this to a 7 game series for the $$$ But guys, the refs and NBA want the Dubs to win it all. They always favor them!!!!"
But it's not racist because we're oppressed! A racist complaining about racism. What else is new.
imsosuprisedicantevenputmyshockinwordsandihavetojustleaveoutthespaces CEO of Quantum Explosion (MaxDEL) is banned for RMT
"Like someone's eye sockets! WD-40 also works great for this, plus you never know when you'll need to loosen something."
I'm sure this theft was reported right away and isn't something they just made up to smear Sanders and deflect attention. Puerto Rico Dems 'appalled' by accusations from Sanders camp
"you forgot As a player i would like to have a potion of invulnerability. Makes you invincible until you die. Costs 50 fame per pot. This would make the game more balanced. Also plz add uts like jugg, crown, cwand into nexus for like 150 fame each. I hope my ideas get implimented into the game. Upvote plz"
Too little too late #BREXIT! EU proposes new asylum rules to stop migrants crossing Europe
"Wouldn't it be great if there was a feature built into reddit where you could express your displeasure with something someone posts without having to say anything? We can disagree on what constitutes ""nothing,"" but I will not be policed on what posts I am and am not allowed to react to when I come to this sub. We get it -- you're tired of seeing references to SmileGate. Others of us are not."
What kind of sick monster are you? Or give them sugarless gumi bears
"In poetry we call it repetition. Yeah, and besides saying noble again is redundant."
Yes because everyone who voices their opinion on the internet thinks they know better than the people qualified and trusted to do so You obviously know more about this formation than LVG
"It's bad because Putin will also fight the terrorist groups that are funded by the CIA to destabilize Assad and Putin I am a Russian Jew who moved to the USA in 1994, I voted for Donald Trump because he will combat terror worldwide; isn't that what Putin is doing too? Trump wants to join forces against terror; so how is this a bad thing?"
"Jesus Christ, people still argue about that. That's why you have to clarify Jesus of Nazareth, aka Jesus, was definitely real. Jesus Christ is what people argue about."
"Living in newfoundland was AWESOME for this Living in the Atlantic time zone, I have to stay up stupid late to watch west coast games. It sucks when the Raps go play in California."
"I am pretty sure Assad bombed them. Mortar Shell Hits Assad Rally In Daraa, Killing Scores"
"That doesn't matter...Iran should be bombed anyway. **U.S. officials believe the type of radioactive material seized was typically used for medical diagnostics, and has no connection to nuclear weapons.** **""We don't know whether the receipient was a government agency. It's unclear why they would want to smuggle it in - we are still investigating - but it does not appear that this involves Iran's nuclear program.""** This is a non-story; but notice that most reporting sources keep it intentionally vague, and don't address the fact that this is not related to nuclear weapons work. As long as they keep it mysterious, people will stay scared and think something evil was going on."
"I think Lebron will have to prove himself in the D-League before making an NBA roster, he's not that good. Well Lebron and JR still havent signed so theres 2 more to expect"
"Those darn rich folk, preventing poor people from making good financial decisions with their fancy casinos. $69 million in California welfare money drawn out of state; Las Vegas tops the list with $11.8 million spent at casinos or taken from ATMs, but transactions in Hawaii, Miami, Guam and elsewhere also raise questions."
I expect a highly innovative title that redefines the fps genre. Activision to reveal new Modern Warfare title in five days. Sends out teaser
"That was before that, [after his fleet tried to attack earth and o'neill used the drones] Wait, what about the episode where he took over that Russian guy? Was that before or after the fight with Oma? Because if I recall he was frozen in that one. (I really need to re-watch *all* the episodes)"
"The refs already hate Naz, we don't need a player that a ref hit so hard that he missed a good chunk of time Between Jordan Eberle or Nail Yakupov which would you love to see the Leafs trade for"
"But it's only wrong if Muslims do it, obviously Catholic priests molested literally hundreds of children. Religion of peace. We could do this all day."
"They just **RIGGED** their flair to look like Colts fans. What the fuck are all those so-called Colts ""fans"" trolling bucanneers fans? That's not what we are, is it? You disgraceful fucks!"
"Yeah... as opposed to those ""other"" awesome US allies in the Middle-East... like Saudi Arabia and Egypt that the USA has... you really have a great sense of context and an admirable sense of diplomacy And what a shitty ally she is"
Yeah because Westbrook has trouble scoring. He had zero points
"Yeah, because he got banned while trying to teach people not to troll and flame. no, some guy that knows how those league kiddos work, he understands and tries to get those kiddos like you probably to stop trolling and shit."
"Yep, that's a logical progression.... Laura Bush hired the openly gay chef. Michelle Obama wanted to cut the fat, make pastries healthy. So he quit. Michelle Obama hates Gay Men."
Clearly the Coyotes need to learn from EA Ya ea sports has him routed as a pretty good starter in nhl 15. Hard to believe the coyotes think he's not worth the time and effort
"Dude but in DOTA there is not team only solo carry win game and farm creeps no teamplay only HotS have it. In my 4.1k bracket in Dota, I find people to be pretty terrible quite often, but more often than not, despite their shitty attitude, they try to work as a team and can put grudges aside for one second if it means that it may win us the game, because in the end, we all just want the juicy MMR."
"THEY DON'T! How does dispatch work in your service? I work for a rural service with 4 ambulances we all stage out of our base and we go in rotation as calls go out 1-2-3-4 unless a unit is unavailable or we are closer to a call a typical dispatch is ""County medic 1 Emd in progress 125 xyz lane."" We check enroute and at some point dispatch will tell us ""medic 1 in reference to 125 xyz lane signal 1 alpha 1."" Just curious how your service does this are calls given to trucks off of location or something else?"
for good reason probably It's a long standing English tradition to be pessimistic about their sport teams.
"THIS IS OBVIOUSLY FAKE, NO GAME ENDS IN A TIE, THERES SHOOTOUTS! A little Flames history any hockey fan would be proud of."
"No he totally supports it, dirty politician Or he was doing the reasonable thing and not making comment on a treaty he hadn't read."
You left this: They should have switched sooner. Don't wait until the deadline to do something.
"These people undoubtedly read and reviewed all of the court documents and testimonies I'm sure, they have the expertise and moral authority to override the courts and penal system of course... Armed anarchists rally at Brock Turner's home: 'Try this again, we'll shoot you'"
Well that ought to rein them in! Judge Rules That NSA Can Only Spy On Phone Records Of 6.7 Billion Non-Americans
"But you're forgetting that ot's bjergsolomid and no one else in the team has talent I really want TSM to have Turtle as a secondary shotcaller. Bjerg's passiveness and Turtle's aggressiveness would actually balance out, and Bjerg needs someone in game to support his shotcalling and take the pressure off and not be afraid to lose. I remember one CLG game Turtle tell the team that they can fight knowing that doublelift has 1k gold and has to go back to buy. So Turtle has the ability to playcall."
"Yes, obviously you're the only one Was I the only one?"
"Yeah, because women who don't agree with feminism don't exist, they're just a myth. You're totally right. I forgot about Karen Santorum."
"Yeah but also they're emotionless. Why do robots make bad boyfriends? They just screw, nut, then bolt."
NBA conspiracy man! Parker flops and everyone in the thread calls the game fixed. Why does everyone hate Miami so much?
There's always Spearing Hate to be negative but that injury could easily reoccur. Badly need back up in the position if it does.
"Ah, only 150 million? I am really only making 150 million a day doing it. Well not really doing anything but turning it on. I have to take ammo to my bot as well."
Yeah because no parks have shelters Lol. People sure are stupid. The title infers this is taking place in a state park. One look at the photo would imply otherwise. But let's all get righteous.
You must be a racist! Top Gear. 12 years of the best show on BBC (in my opinion) and I still love every minute of every episode.
"She's ring-ist... Why do the fingers get to be thick but the rings have to be delicate? ""TELL ME I'M PRETTY!"""
Hdu her shirt line is extremely successful How is Kristen paying her rent?
"Yeah, you know, education may be important, but health is importenter. The first ""H"" on this sign is represented by the weights but the second is not."
"What,don't you like playing against the original PF PF PF lines? Ice Hockey on the NES plays better."
"dude im not sure people in this subreddit might not see the Its completely your fault that your teammate disconnected/died/house caught on fire/was a douchenozzle, you must be punished!"
BUT THEY AREN'T MSM SO THEY MUST BE TRUE Because two shitty progressive websites and some person's wordpress being trotted around like rock solid evidence is delusional.
"Because I'm here? Eww, why would anyone want to go ti Michigan."
"Yeah fuck anyone who isn't murican! WWE does not care about Australian, new Zealand, japanese fans etc, so stop asking if it's possible to get a PPV"
"just like piglet is a shitter, at least based on initial performance So Incarnation turns out to be a shitter What's the next move for C9?"
I taught you guys used guns to smear your sandwiches? Nope.
Agreed - we should trade both Dion AND Andy for Kobe. Don't be silly.
"Why are you such an ageist? I read that the other two female 'priority' recruits were doing OK...they are 41 and 44. Backing up...woman or not, are we sure we want early 40 year olds as NEW firefighters?"
"""no need to continue pressing the issue"" He decided it was over, so stop talking about it OP. Rape is not a joking matter"
"... but, charismatic megafauna are the only biota that matter, right? Oceans are becoming more and more acidic, coral is turning white at a pace we have not ever seen before but what grabs people attention a fucking documentary about an orca. Fuck blackfish fuck these dick heads who made it. People need to make movies and get motivated about actual problems. Not some bullshit peta free all the animals make me feel good shit."
Could have fooled me! Is it just me or does that place not look like some Himalayan retreat set in the mountains?
"I think I have a valid reason to be upset that my boyfriend hasn't given me a castle-style library yet....he must not love me You're going to be really disappointed when your toaster, car, cat, dog and clock don't talk either."
Downvoting you because you don't like the fallout community which means your a fallout hater I just hate that if you have ANY legitimate concerns or doubts you'll get down voted and be seen as a hater on r/fallout. I really don't like this community for one of my favorite series.
"Or you could just watch/read marvel Half-son, then, according to legend Odin is the father of all the norse gods, including Thor and his ""brother"" Loki. I get these mixed up, I only studied them briefly for a project in my senior year.. I could have them wrong."
Yeah but a double positive make a negative Hahah Obama was Time's person twice - so he is double Hitler!
"But california has universal background checks, an assault weapons ban x2, and magazine capacity limits, how could this possibly happen? After mass shooting, San Bernardino endures a surge in deadly violence that could outpace even Chicago"
"No, that's a horrible idea. Should I start saving money now?"
"Government is bad mkay? So what in the fuck is actually wrong with Medicare? My mother died in hospice, entirely due to Medicare. Without it, she would have passed away at home under my shitty care, and in immense pain. She would have exhausted all of her savings, and I'd have not a single penny left to me. I'd be much poorer than I already am. This is going to hurt the old AND the not-as-old. So again, What in the fuck is actually wrong with Medicare?"
"Darn and I was just about to go out to the highway for the exhilarating experience I was promised. I thought the same, until i just remembered being handcuffed and sitting on the guard railing the night my friend was pulled over for speeding. We were on our way to a club the week before my 21st bday and I had a mixed drink in a water bottle in the back seat with me. Don't believe the hype, the highways are just as boring as any other street."
"Remember plebes, your vote matters! About 125 Americans control more than 40 percent of election contributions"
omg no way just got my new 3ds!
"Yes, because the ship stats on the website are always accurate. On the ship matrix, it's heavier and has a smaller main thruster and powerplant. Physics."
"Of course he has to take some of his precious time to say this, it's his ""white man's burden."" Yeah, he's so racially superior that he had to take time out of his busy schedule of being racially superior to contact you to display his insecurity. If a person lives in a world of stereotypes that they cling to to make themselves feel superior in some way, there ain't a damn thing superior about them. They're singling out a rather insignificant thing that they know a person can't change because they know they're full of shit and a ball of insecurity. This shit is why I avoid the majority of the Internet. You can't even read a simply news story without people bring race into it."
"Yeah, and I'm sure anyone with a meatwad tattoo isn't regretting it at all. It really sucks when the time limit is up and you can't watch, like, or talk about a show after five years."
Even Lebron said you guys aren't a good team. And we're down an all NBA point guard and our starting SG.
"Because fuck the *one* guy who does things the way they should be done, amirite? And that's the problem - the petty bullying after you stand up for legality or policy."
I played ZSS before it was cool! Anther's Tier List! Based on smashladder stats
"I mean honestly, Dwight or no Dwight, Nick Young was not going to be stopped by anyone. Dwight's post game interview"
"Wait, he's not? Wow. I remember when he was new and was always joked to be Michael's brother. Grats on 3 years Kdin!"
(buy here) What a trite article. This is really pure speculation and the author failed to make any compelling arguments.
Haters will say it's photoshop. I think a legit picture of him would be pretty damn convincing.
"I've also heard he is cute and cuddly. Not many, he even gets fined when being positive about the ref."
Unless he is using AMD I looked into this in the past and the ignition point for cardboard is like 430 C so should be fine
"Yeah geez I just hate those smart hot girls. Except for that incessant california ""smart hot girl"" vocal fry . I just can't."
"Nonsense, they were totally born in the wrong generation! Or you could, yea know, just be a hippie right now."
"Why do you want to punish success? Yes, that does irk me quite a bit as well. Higher executives can afford to pay their workers higher wages and pay more in taxes while still being able to live extraordinarily comfortable, even by 1st world standards."
Just for you I put in the I honestly can't tell if you're being serious.
But... But he liked the attention! Pantsing a male and exposing his junk in the street? Not sexual assault.
What a lucky guy to be with such a catch... This girl on Tinder
"Well, pouring more money into the real estate market should really help out with making housing more affordable in the city! SF first responders will be eligible to receive up to $100,000 in assistance for a down payment on a home through a program launched Tuesday by Mayor Ed Lee."
"The only good conservative is a dead conservative amirite guise? Sad thing is, with universal healthcare, they actually might survive the eventual heart attack."
"cursing is only bad when those uppity negroes do it Even though there is freedom of speech, do you guys think there should be limitations on cursing in Rap music?"
"sure, and i'll support transgendered people as soon as a MtF gets pregnant This post makes me disappointed in otherkin. They claim to actually BE these animals internally. In the same sense that a person may be born with a penis but identify as female. And yet they're talking about mice getting along with snakes?? If they're truly committed to this, they would get off their fat otherkin asses and *act like the animals they claim to be.* How about this... I will believe in therians and become **their strongest ally** the day a snake-identified human literally devours a mouse-identified human whole. Your move, otherkin."
"Not as bad as the benefit scroungers and immigrants though. haven't you heard. Reddit hates fat people, or people they presume to be fat like those who have problems that fat people have. That's why you got downvoted, you dared to actually ask to be seen as a normal person. Welcome to the uk where fat people are now the new poor when it comes to someone to look down on."
Your political commentary is hilarious! Discussion: Red Dwarf Lives Matter?
"But how can we be average when we're all special snowflakes? I hate how we devalue the word ""beautiful"". It's okay to be ""average"", at least you're not fat."
"And nuts to the next person, amirite? As long as you lift after release during hoover, your fine."
Some divers are such freaks! Everyone pees in their Wetsuit. Very freeing and also nicely warm for a few minutes. :)
"Papaya Orange.... CONFIRMED ORANGE LIVERY FOR 2015! F1 Paddock Pass on Twitter: ""The newly liveried McLaren arrives for a scrutineering check."""
"Huh... TIL. [Meta] I think a Jizzya is a old Muslim tradition where they all gather around a person not of their religion and masturbate furiously. I don't know, though. Maybe I'm misinterpreting it."
"Haha poverty, hilarious and trashy! Some folks really get in the Christmas spirit"
"But Trumps going to get and keep all those dirty rapist Mexicans out, so that's all good! PolitiFact: Jeb Bush claims Donald Trump proposed the biggest tax hike in American history. Rating: True"
Nigga you gotta give credit to the people that solve it yea Baby
Always fun to see videos of Dutchies being good tourists in other countries. Riots between police and dutch hooligans in Rome
Reported for Aimbotting When your joking prefire actually works...
"You dropped this Hillary is not a shill for corporate interests, that is a Republican funded lie in order to discredit Hillary because she is a woman."
"I think it's time we come to grips with the fact that this team isn't good enough to win 120 games. June 30th, 2015, Post-game discussion: Cards lose 2-1"
PSU is what determines performance though. Who cares about your PSU what is your mobo
Why would I play that bugfest that will never be released when I can play that seamless MMO with persistence called LOD... guess you just HAVE to play star citizen then
"Yes, ""holy war"" is exactly what we want... Alaskan legislator complains of ""ATHEISTIC ZEALOTRY"" and atheists' ""jihad against Christianity"" on Facebook"
"don't worry, if you're white and upper-middle class it will likely never happen. America scares me a little :("
"Cmon man he totally woulda avoided the knee if he was looking forward at the ball instead of whining to his teammate for his ""defense"" on Dragic. Then Whiteside knees Boozer in the head after the dunk just like he was dropping elbows on Len. Dirty move, but don't let that go against the Whiteside circle jerk."
"Yep, they're just escaping from all the opportunities in Eastern Europe. The Romani are rough sleepers here by choice. Send them home."
"I hope not because Woody spent a few years to finally get wings off the show so he could take more of the ad money, unless you want lefty to fall victim to the money whore that is woody lets hope not. so since wings isnt uploading pka... shouldn't lefty? doesnt he record it too if something is going wrong with woody? *IM NOT SAYING WOODY QUIT YOUTUBE* but he doesnt care about youtube as much, and since wings isnt uploading it, it'd be no harm for lefty to take that role doing the second upload. BECAUSE. woody gets about 100-150kish week views, and wings got 10-20k... im sure left could use that. just saying. just a suggestion. i think it could help his youtube career."
Because rushing 6 worked so well the last time. Begs the question why Artie is going 1 on 1 with dez with no OTT help
"Should have slaughtered the tourists. Knew a guy who drove trucks all over Western Canada. One morning, he's driving through the Rocky Mountains coming around a downhill curve. This is when he saw a bus full of Chinese tourists stopped in the middle of the lane, outside, taking pictures of mountain goats that were licking the salt off the pavement. He had no time to slow the truck down and it was either hit the bus and people or hit the goats. He chose the latter and while these tourists were taking pictures, he crushed two of the goats going 80 km/h. Talk about a Kodak moment. TL;DR: friend decided to put on a slaughter show for tourists instead of slaughtering the tourists."
I never would have guessed that Mary-Kate Olsen and Tia Mowry had twin sisters TIL Linda Hamilton's twin sister was her double in Terminator II. She appeared as a reflection in the mirror and as the T-1000 disguise of Sarah Conner.
"Better arm us now Boston Police Shoot, Kill Man Who Attacked EMTs With Knife. Incident began as medical call when mother of 31-year-old man reported her son was having a paranoid schizophrenic episode"
How dare the people of this state believe that abortion is infanticide; the nerve! And this is wrong?
I hear that place is full of Bungie shills Absolutely. Loads of content at this point and still a ton of people playing it. Well worth the price for The Collection. Check out r/DestinyTheGame/
and that makes... TOTAL sense. Exactly
"also no WWECW reigns, even Ezekiel Jackson had one! No Hardcore or European Championship wins? Career invalidated."
"Hover your finger over the screen and let us know. Does it work on touch interfaces? If so, fucking awesome, if not, I'll never ever ever ever use it. Ever."
But all women are the same and always vote for the same thing! I doubt these are the same women.
"Because we've already given them the shortest month of the year and that's not good enough. I don't even see why white people would get upset about a day dedicated to black selfies. It's a wonderfully harmless idea. I think the ""tears"" come from the racism this first one has caused"
"Patch 19.2 - Vault is inactive while being upgraded. Never leave, even on one minute..."
cqc ex scrub Umm...Okay?(GIF)
"As you order, chief. I thought this was common knowledge, but it's not as common as I thought."
"Egual rights means being forced to die in combat like the men have always done. But they still will, because now we can *kill* female stormtroopers!"
So you're blaming this all on Taylor Swift? Agreed. And the second shittiest period was 1989-2016.
"downvoted for being against white people like me How do you get a honky pregnant? Jizz on her hands, and let her pets do the rest."
"that would make too much sense, and give the user too much flexibility Why aren't prepaid cards a thing in the US. Everybody in Europe has them. It gives you easy control and you'll just pay how much you actually consume."
"Better murders on the streets than revolutionaries at the parliament! Turkey to release 38,000 from jail; frees space for plotters"
"A muslim atheist socialist dictator weakling of a president. Whoops, forgot that bit."
"But, but... me me me me me. they're not attempting to exert any authority but instead are alerting police about unroadworthy vehicles, and their juristiction extends to the boundary of the station property anyway, so no, they're not outside of their juristiction. libertarianism is just stupid."
No because they're racists and they already have a ton of privilege I don't really see the issue. Are whites not supposed to have rights?
"Woooo just what I need to pay more taxes! In absence of info otherwise, I assume would stay the same. Everything else is paid and account for without raising taxes. There would be a .75% increase for medicare for everyone."
"BLM What are things we do today that will make future generations say ""why the fuck did they think this was a good idea?"""
"TIL Financial Endowments won't work in Canada because we have a larger population. The claims about Norway don't have to be refuted, I'm sure they are spot on. The *massive* differences (eg. size, political differences, governmental differences, more cultures, more cities, towns, roads, etc.) between Canada and Norway are readily apparent for all to see, and the Tyee is simply insulting the intelligence of Canadians by putting forth such lazy 'journalism' (read; opinion). They obviously don't think much of their readers."
obviously she was mentally handicapped. Woman attacks man who calls her out for parking in a handicap spot
It's almost as if the developers cater to the end users :O when are ppl gonna stop posting about what they want Riot to do for them...
Typical socialists looking for handouts. Bernie Sanders Takes the Grandkids Trick-or-Treating
"Hey they need to fund all their new research TIL Albuterol, one of the oldest asthma medicines, typically costs $50 to $100 per inhaler in the United States, but it was less than $15 a decade ago, before it was repatented"
"With a name like that, I would expect a pretty good game! I am in the group of people who thought it was complete garbage"
"Hey you're a Thunder fan, get out, it's your fault the calls were made the way they were YEAH FUCK THE THUNDER"
"Because people care so much about the singleplayer Definitely, the cliffhanger storyline must go on."
But those kids are sooooooo lucky. I hate those people that think that women can't be paedophiles. I have seen quite a lot of news stories that have these people.
At least you'll be able to blame the drops in frame rate on the garbage collector I decided that C++ was a little to mainstream for my early access game and decided to make it in Java.
Not if they oppose the west. Freedom fighters! They're called freedom fighters....
"Well that's just your opinion. Also, people seem to think an opinion becomes a fact if it is generally agreed on. Like, saying ""murder is bad"" is still an opinion, not a fact."
"Not if he's gonna be killed, obviously. Oh so you have evidence of the US government attacking the families of its citizens... Care to share that?"
"Wow, amazing response. ummm?"
Thanks Obama. I had to pay $39.35 to hold my baby after he was born.
"ok then, must be my imagination that my game is completely smooth and without issues. Maybe at 720p, but there is no way you're running full ultra 1080p w/ 60 fps in combat."
"It's a good thing then, that there is no demand for silver, as shown by the low prices. Every LCS is just cleaned out! I'm visiting one of the cities in my state, and using this opportunity to coinshop hop in the hopes of expanding my collection. This city has five coin shops, thirteen pawn shops, and a few We Buy Gold joints. But everybody is completely dry! Except for the high-premium modern numismatic items (2014 Pandas are everywhere) and key-date coins, the supply of private mint bullion is just completely gone. Buuuhhhh..."
Now don't be stupid and vote for hrc and the people she surrounds herself if she wins the nomination. Obama endorsing a candidate who supports predatory lending and takes significant funding from such lenders. Glad to see he's getting into the nitty gritty on issues in this race.
yeah vecause babies are practically frat-boy sex maniacs I thought everybody has AIDS.
In that case it's time to ban all bitcoin. ISIS-linked group uses Bitcoin to raise funds for weapons
i guess they'd the first people doing illegal things on the internet ...and they could face legal issues for distributing it
"Yep, someone making a throwaway or an alternate account is always evidence of a corporate shill. You know, it's kind of suspicious that this is your only post"
Yvan eht Nioj. Cloud9 Offering a sick giveaway!
WHOA TOO FAR I DON'T REALLY CARE ABOUT GAME OF THRONES.
"what, brandon tate and taylor mays don't count? They had to sign *somebody* this offseason"
"Oh yeah, the ACA has done wonders, eh? LMAO yeah lets make it more expensive to hire employees... that outta fix the economy haha"
If there's one thing I've learned from reddit it's that you should take social advice from it and if there's conflicting things comments just take the highest voted one When texting goes wrong!
"nice dillon francis reference butter, obviously."
But but we should spend a shit ton of money rehabilitating these scum then release them and cross our fingers that they don't reoffend! Fuck prison. Execute them on the spot with one bullet.
free space case with every order Do all orders from puffitup come with that free four piece grinder?
"That's the kind of business skills we need in Washington! Trump Taj Mahal, Atlantic City's Largest Casino, Will Close and Kill 3,000 Jobs"
"1 turnover and 2 fouls tho, smh what a scrub Warriors Guard Ian Clark had a perfect game and career high, totaling 8/8 fg, 3/3 3pt, 3/3 ft, and 22 points in the win against the Trailblazers. Great performance from the bench all around, Ian Clark was integral in the first quarter scoring 16 and making up for a slow start. Career high and overall amazing shooting. Hope to see more of him this year."
"You should try playing league of legends then I'm extremely competitive. I don't like to lose a game, an argument, a client. When I do lose, I don't lose gracefully. I usually either pout or act like quite the ass about it."
Um.. yea.. this is normal. Making a throwaway for this. I really need to get it off my chest. RIP mom.
Like *that* would happen. For a moment there I thought they were leading to a Vic win
"but it's not sexism if it's against males When I heard this I thought for sure it was just going to be ""The old boys club"" swinging the other way, but it's hard to see purging enough senior editorial staff and replacing them almost exclusively with women to go from 20% female to 80% female in 18 months as anything BUT straight up gender discrimination."
Whoa whoa buddy that ain't a console Finished my new Gameboy today!
"Ahh yes, those pre-Mandal days when we had nothing to stop us from proudly declaring supremacy... Most of you would also observed potrayal of castesim that existed back in 80s. And the elitist attitude which people took pride in"
"Yeah I love reckless plays that injure players on both teams It felt like watching a playoff game, why would you not want this?"
"Because it's so much better now! No because it would be super easy to lie. When you know who they are, you can audit their history and see if the things they've done in the past line up with what they say their principles are."
Says the guy without gold! Don't edit your comment to say thanks for gold; it ruins the poignancy.
"Buy packs, immediate return on investment. Have 50k I've got 50k and want to get started in the auction house, what are some cards to look out for in that price range that I can make a profit on? Also, is there a decent up yo date price guide anywere?"
Obviously using a packet flooder. Try to beat my high speeds!
"Sure they do, they're people now remember? I was unaware that corporate entities have religious beliefs."
Because SP is the main factor in getting into a community corp based around Reddit. I just got my app rejected for low activity. I feel like I post at least once a week. It seems weird that they would reject an app from someone with 71mil sp because they aren't quite obnoxious enough on the internet. Anyone know what the actual requirement is anyway? Would be nice to actually know so I can wait to re-app when I actually meet it...
"um... but its on r/thatHappened it obviously happened, we just need to figure out HOW. All those questions can be simply answered: this didn't happen. I know, I know, but I think we have to examine the possibility that this one slipped by the mods, because it $100% didn't happen."
"Is this your professional recommendation, or are you speaking from your own personal experience? A bunch of assholes cherry picking little details to put together a stupid fucking story. Eat a dick."
Naww we just have to assume that because they were black they are perfect model citizens and the police are just racists! Maybe blacks could try not resisting arrest when they are caught committing a crime
"Wow, he's the best of all time on the mic The Undertaker's shoot promo on Vince (RAW 1998)"
"Sure you were. Fun fact: A while ago I was walking with some alcohol in my bag and I was stopped and searched by cops, the thing is I was actually holding it for a friend no joke. I didnt even bother telling the cops the truth because I can only imagine how many times they hear that one a day"
"Unpossible, it's webscale in the cloud! The main thing wrong with it is that a lot of people who work with it are idiots and expect it to solve all their problems. If you're not an idiot, you can do some pretty good stuff with it. It's far from perfect, but that's another way of saying it's software."
"Devil's cove still exists? Well, nobody likes a shitty product. Especially old, rich alum who could be seeing college titties at Devil's Cove by halftime."
As opposed to when you ban when you're last pick Who do you ban when you're first pick? Explain.
"Wait a minute, the Iranian govt said this was a hoax. TIL In 1944, at Auschwitz, 5 men managed to smuggle in a camera and take 4 photographs of the atrocities occurring. They are the only known photographs of Auschwitz."
"You know car manufacturers don't cater to the American public because I cant put my 64oz Big Gulp in the cup holder Why do americans care so much about Cup Holders? I've been wondering this since some time actually, since in germany nobody really cares if your car has cupholders or not, if you have them cool extra, if not who cares. So why do americans care so much about them?"
"Oh, that must be why so many cops are fired or jailed for violating rights and killing innocents, right? No. I agree, the cops in this video are douche bags. They were completely out out of their rights to detain and search this guy. But just because some cops are douches doesn't mean they all are. I am as Libertarian as anyone, but it pisses me off to see people insulting all cops are bad because of the bad actions of a few. Most cops are regular, everyday people who support the constitution as much as you or me."
"***harambe meme*** Might as well end my life If you thought that our dicks were anywhere but out for Harambe, you are sorely mistaken."
I'm more impressed by that guy's perfect recollection of a ten-minute long conversation. How I Explained REST to My Wife
Never had that thought ever when I looked at the cookout cups and bags. I don't think that's what it says in the bible (oc)
"Yeah, the area around RIT is really ghetto. it's not bad if you're into murder, violence, death, etc."
"Comment of the day right here What are you talking about? Kobe didn't have anyone in 2010 unless you count Pau Gasol as a superstar. I know you said all star, but any team can have at least two all stars. Superstars is different. Wade and Bosh are different than Pau Gasol"
*SHES A DISGRACE TO WOMEN EVERYWHERE* She uses her sexuality to her advantage. She knows she's sexualized and uses it in the best way possible. There's also ye part where she's stronger than Superman.
"They forgot to mention SAFER Barrier Race Thread: ARCA 98.9 at Kansas Speedway, starting at 8:30pm ET on Fox Sports 2"
"Come on, don't we want motherboards with serial and parallel ports? I for one am glad someone is pushing for the death of legacy tech. They are certainly ahead of the curve and leading the market on this, and have been for quite some time. While it may cause some annoyance to a few, it's beneficial in the end."
"and no one can afford to eat there... TIL Pyongyang, North Korea, has a set of twin towered hotels that are 143m tall each. Each tower is topped with a revolving restaurant although only one is open."
"Did you liked it, you little slut? I licked it so good."
SHILL! Switching my Hillary flair to Correct The Record. Just because. Thanks for the additions.
Life is so hard for people on your still gorgeous boating lake. Or Ray Hubbard
This is the reason why tickets take so long? Blizzard wont teleport our Rex?
"That sucks man, you should have more taken out of your check every week so you can get a big refund come tax time. Went from $1,274 Federal return in 2013 to $11 in 2014? What happened? I did my 2013 taxes last year through Turbo Tax and my federal return was $1,274 and my state was $309. I just got done doing them for this year and it turned out to be $11 return for Federal? I started working in June of 2013 (right out of school) and my wages were about $18k. I worked a full year in 2014 and my wages were about $35k. All I have is a w-2, I'm single no dependents. I'm sorry this is terribly vague but I am pretty confused as to why I'm getting an $11 refund when last year I received over $1k. Any ideas?"
"But they turn their hazards on, that makes it ok right? Times 1000 when it's wet out. Even the best drivers seem to turn to shit when there is even a hint of moisture on the fucking road. Gives me a brain clot just thinking about it."
"No, What makes you say that? dollars to donuts he'll ""find"" a Republican"
This car is fire! I think this counts.
"Secret Muslim. Obama bans terms `Islam` and `jihad` from U.S. security document .. The shift away from terrorism has been building for a year, since Obama went to Cairo, Egypt, and promised a new beginning in the relationship between the United States and the Muslim world."
"I mean that was *past* Trump, not *present* Trump, who said those things. All that asking him how to explain the things he said...really unfair stuff."
Clearly this budding young rapist needs to be thrown in prison and the key thrown away! 9-Year-Old Faces Sexual Harassment Charges for Love Note
Not an expert... But maybe eating something sweet would make you feel better about yourself? I want to try this so bad... but as a cutting female it would have to replace one of my meals :(
But but but I have a few stacks of chromes and only want 6 off colours on my Regalia. Are you sure you are not just grossly overestimating the odds of getting the colors you want?
AR- Vector Sub-Vector Describe an ar and smg from any cod that will be balanced for comp
"It's not my job to educate you shitlord! Okay, so how would you write that same post?"
Gotta save their stud lobster for those quality teams Osweiler benched; Savage in
"But anger isn't an emotion! Men fall in love with them. And they fall in love with the men. You see the problem is that he listed both of these things with ""problems with girls"" rather than problems with ""men and women working together"". That's where it is sexist. Additionally, the crying comment....jeez. Yes, I'm sure he has seen a handful of female workers cry over the course of his career, because yes, in general some women do cry more than men. But that is still ridiculously sexist since we all know that this doesn't apply to all women. Not by a long shot. That would be like saying ""I can't work with men because they get scary and angry (and sometimes violent) when you criticize them."""
Does this rule out the Edmonton trade? CBJ's Artem Anisimov to miss 2-3 months
But.. but.. Trump is going to make America *great* again! Thank you. It's just as silly as thinking Carson being a good neurosurgeon would mean he'd make a good president. Business and politics are completely different. You can't just be a loud egomaniac and yell at people until they do things for you. You actually need to be diplomatic.
*learnt Yup. Except for those who have learned to communicate well.
"Nah, just roll over and take it like a good little boy. It's my time to waste. At least I'm trying."
"Because, you know, when you beat children you want to make sure there aren't any girls among them. Police accused of 'bully boy' brutality -- ""Merseyside Police were accused of giving the three children, including a girl, rough treatment"""
"But but but he's in a gun free zone! So let me just shoot some bullets at your house... I won't hit anyone, so you can't defend yourself... That makes perfect sense..."
Oh what a steal! I got a really really good price on it. Like Mk25 pricing. So it was very worth it to me.
Atleast you can paint your Penguins yellow and pretend riding them. It's okay. I think the delivery guy would have a hard time finding my igloo anyway.
"But they're all so stupid and crazy, they've never been right about anything and all of their theories are completely baseless! no shit. conspiracy 'tin foil hat retards' have been talking about this for decades. London controls the economical, Vatican controls the spiritual and America controls the military industrial complex."
he's watching the twitch stream How does one follow this? Can you PM me your sources?
Pretty sure it's a rottweiler Siberian Husky
"But... What about the all the accidental click money? Maybe it should be an option. But the toolbar on the bottom is iOS design language, at least in their browser. At least at one point. Before Chrome, all of the Android browsers were doing it. Dolphin and Opera at least. (Opera has an option to move it to an overflow menu like Chrome.) Honestly I don't get as worked up over iOS design in Android apps as some people, but Material design was one of the guidelines with the app. I agree about the ads, though I am not using the free version. Though I think the ads should be at the top, farthest from the thumb. That's just my opinion, though."
"Probably the people who bring Twitch viewership to Hearthstone, I could be way off base here though who knows. I don't care that you don't care that other people care about yogg. Who's opinion is more valuable?"
I trust Obama to keep his word. Obama may soon be able to close Gitmo
"It's a coup!, OMG, for the love of god, bitcoin is doomed!, sell all your coins. wtf is this shit? god damn bunch of fucking amateurs can't even release software."
"You are obviously a terrorist. If that's an ""arsenal"" they found in his trunk, they would absolutely shit a brick if they pulled me over this weekend on the way to the campground for two days of shooting. I'll have two 870's and a thousand shotgun shells, a Glock 22 and five hundred rounds for it, two Ruger 9mm's and another five hundred rounds, a Ruger MkIII and 10/22 with another thousand rounds, my rifle-length AR and five hundred rounds."
He used the Hanzo line 0/10 EA Support actually helpful!
"Yeah, because candid images from random websites are ALWAYS fake. no no i was just saying this looked like a stock picture from **MYEXGFDRUNK.COM** or some shit...still nice thou. and i think with the feetish posts you have confirmed your pulse so whatevs, glad ur not a fake!"
"Yeah, women's suffrage was just a fad anyways. Man Buns and women's rights"
he's not out because his eyes are still open Not sure if he's out or if he just has no personality.
4e 2/10 TF2 DND
"Let me tell you there is nothing sexier than a secure and confident woman.... An old ex boyfriend's wife messaged me today, I guess I am going to get cut in half now."
"OP, did you have time to bake a cake for the pity party he tried to throw for himself? 'Odd' is such an understatement."
Pretty much GOAT ran into some bad luck and now he's just used as a joke How much do you rate MC Hammer?
"Because teams who don't stream much or at all clearly don't have a popular following. It's Secret's loss; Western scene predominantly watches twitch, so the Secret fandom will steadily take a back seat to other teams who are more accessible."
"Right, the millions of people who gathered to mourn him think he was a shitty leader According to American college-aged Redditors, we lost a great and noble leader. According to people who actually lived under him, that's a different story."
Why don't we just ask Al Gore? The Internet?
I didn't know it applied to fiction! I ordered *Your Inner Fish: A Journey into the 3.5-Billion-Year History of the Human Body* by Neil Shubin and got $10 off! Yippee!
"Doesn't count, spotter was almost pulling him up! Mart Siem 350kgx5 squat"
"Sorry... when you say ""solution"" in such a way, I don't touch it, and just leave it to Austrians and Germans.. I'm sure everybody else will just have to go along with what you guys do. We have tried. Quite a lot. Read the official EU reports on the matter. And since you're an expert, what's your solution?"
"I agreed with everything your said, but you mentioned god, and I'm an atheist so I'm going to vote Trump in protest of you. I was right with you until you brought God into the equation...."
"It gets her where all women should want to be, married, barefoot and pregnant. Never mind the fact that they are placing a woman's value on her virginity. Not that she is a great soccer player, or excellent at math or science. But that she's a virgin, which technically can't get her anywhere in life."
"Nice title. No, NO.... NOO... NOOOOOO, ohmygod."
I think the only logical response is to send them more equipment and ammunition! Syria crisis: US-trained rebels give equipment to al-Qaeda affiliate
just when I thought I didn't have enough sheep for my farm...damn. At least we know he's committed..
"Looks like the new ""hacked"" page contains pretty much the same info May mga pdf files na nakaindicate kung ano yung mga planned projects ng Government. For example, the Roadmap for Transport Infrastructure Development and alike"
"Ya know, with all the controversy over sexism in gaming that has been going on, the ONE collective opinion that I was REALLY hoping to hear from was 4chan. 4chan's view on this whole 'feminism and videogames' thing"
I bet if Adrian and Christian go over and hug everyone at Renault they'd instantly find half a second in performance. But RBR were mean!
"Don't worry, these will probably get pulled too because they are uncomfortable UW football is using high-tech mouthguards to measure head impacts."
"Yeah damn I wish I had a few million saved up for when I got fired how on earth would I ever survive with that little amount if money. 3 million dollars in additional revenue is nothing to a multi-billion dollar company, the miniscule gains pale in comparison to the fallout of something like this. Hes lost more personally by being fired than he ever gained."
It's cool he's just subtracting his alching fee from the market price 230ea? You've lost your mind.
Maybe Riot doesn't know how to fix even one of the 19 bugs he has Why don't Riot fix the Yasuo bugs? He feels like shit to play and if you look for these bugs they are pretty obvious. They are the worst kind to! The can't attack type just makes you feel powerless to show off your skills and outplay someone.
Great title OP Gov. Hickenlooper Endorses scandal ridden Hillary Clinton
"Ph yes of course, otherwise you'd be punishing financial success. So I take it the UK has a flat tax with zero progressive policies?"
Probably not by Americans then. Impressive that they (being whoever detained him) had the ability and discipline to take him alive. I feel like that'd mostly be a shoot first ask later kinda situation.
"Even if there were border guard would you really massacre the refugees who escape the living hell of Latvia? And this is why the relocation quotas won't work, especially since the Schengen agreement puts strict limits on the internal border controls."
I'm certain you could create a better one. I'm more bothered by the crappy animation.
those suite life kids are complete trainwrecks ya that's what rich ass child stars get to do. Sometimes it turns into Corey feldman
TIL the Earth orbits the Sun TIL that 1 in 4 Americans are unaware that the Earth orbits the Sun
Yeah adults shouldn't play games what the fuck is wrong with them For real...grown ass adults too wow
"Shea Weber is not doing a good job, Nashville won the trade Wouldn't really say he made him look stupid, it was through a screen of a 6ft4 defender"
"NO WAY THOUGH I THOUGHT HE WOULD BLOW IT UP FOR ME AND HE'S NOT AND I WANNA BITCH ABOUT PROPER COACHING DECISIONS TO NOT GIVE THE ROOKIE A BILLION TOUCHES! Yeah, what I think a lot of casual NFL observers don't understand is how pathologically risk averse the majority of NFL coaches are, and rookies, no matter how good they are, present risk."
"Shipping kills it Asus GeForce GTX 970 4GB STRIX Video Card - $35 (Yes, $35)"
What a very constructive criticism. (Please don't yell at me please) . . . . . OH GOD THEY LOOK SO FREAKING WEIRD!
"yep, if we're going to acknowledge the need for population control, cows would definitely be my first concern.. Not word for word, but that's basically how it went down."
console gamers are such experts we should all listen to them. PS4 is capable of 4K!? Well that is definitely news to me!
"Yeah, and Sandra Bullock was great in that movie. Pacino, Deniro, Kilmer, Trejo, Sizemore, whoever played Wayne Groh... Bank robberies, assault rifle shootouts in downtown LA, massive explosions. This is the quintessential guy movie."
You waive your right to nice things when you choose to live like a Mormon. RIP rural players
Yeah no one's ever heard of Timothy McVeigh. The US media doesn't cover right-wing terrorists.
"Oh yeah, being opposed to austerity is ""lefty loonie"" whereas being a dogmatic advocate of austerity politics is just rational common sense. You might as well be taking to a rock, he's a full hard-on lefty loonie."
Keeps my hair soft Conditioning is cool stuff.
"If you don't have a $400 keyboard, an anodized aluminum mouse, $1800 pc, at least one 4K monitor and 2 1440P ones, a $700 lazy boy, and a complex set of trusses and braces mounting all of this at arms reach above the recliner, you are just an insignificant casual. I wish I wasn't so responsible with my money, then I'd have more awesome shit."
"They can teach them to build camps; possibly near transportation junctions? ""Germany's military is starting a pilot project to help Syrian refugees learn civil reconstruction skills, in hopes that they'll eventually be able to help rebuild their homeland."""
New DLC plan? I would pay $100 a year to disable Wasteland.
Racist The SNES looks much better in black
"Yeah but ur cuting ur dik of lel because my foreskin was so tight that it resulted in my bladder only releasing 1/3 of its volume and inturn putting pressure on and killing my kidney cells. My foreskin as also scarred onto my penis making stretching impossible. Leave your bullshit pro or anti at the door, im in aus so no one cares over here haha"
"But in the courts of law people duel to the death! Not to be a pedantic cunt, but ""v"" means against not versus. ""vs"" means versus. I know they mean the same, but at the same time not. Batman against Superman, because Batman had issue with Superman, not vice versa. I wasn't disappointed by the content, i was just disappointed they showed it to me."
"Hate is always a good thing to base your decisions on... Meh. I hate teabaggers more than I hate Muslims. Build away, boys."
"That's probably because you're high, man. I ""forgot"" something out in my car a couple times today..."
"Because all of the explosion cases in Hong Kong were caused by ""external heat"" rather than device/battery defects. ""Yeah, this shop in Hong Kong is still selling Samsung Galaxy Note 7 at a special price."""
Well that's not better than the GR at all It's confirmed it can roll procs on robs Twitter
"I'm so sympathetic. I live in the Bay Area and I'm fucking pisses I gotta deal with everybody's loud ass ignorance of ""KD WOO WOO WE WINNING A RING FORSURE BABY"""
Rare Anti-Gravity Luigi Poor Luigi
"So that's where he got the idea of strapping a bomb to a balloon Yes, the great villains are the ones who believe they are right, and the best villains are the ones who actually are right. The problem to me was the shift in character was far to rapid. He went from killing Krom'gar for dishonorably killing women and children with dishonorable means (that scene, even as an alliance player, made me think ""This is how a true war chief should be! For Hellscream!) then an expansion later he is already ""Anyone who would rise against me and my new horde will be impaled on the spires of Oggrimar. I answer to no one. All who challenge me will burn in the fires of my hatred!"" He was set up as a good guy who was lead down a dark path and ended up the bad guy, but in game he was a good guy who just turned pure evil. Maybe the books set it up better but that's how I saw it."
"I prefer natty light It will never happen but I have proposed for Penn State, Pitt and Temple to play an annual three-way tournament a la Army, Navy and Air Force. Winner of the annual three-team battle gets The Keystone Trophy, just a giant keystone or something."
"Good thing oil prices are high, and everyone out there can afford their mortgage payments! If you can't afford homeowners insurance, you can't afford a house."
"FIFA have to give something back to Brazil after stealing all that money. Fixture list favouring them is besides the point, the first game looked fucking fixed. Host always gets fast tracked by FIFA."
I didn't see Instagram on the list. Top 5 Apps that will help you be more creative and have more fun with your photography (x-post).
"C'mon guys, the ancient Hebrews had slaves, why are there no slaves in Israel today? C'mon guys. How many females did God select to fight with the 12 tribes of Israel? **0** The men are suppose to be the ones protecting the nation."
I read it in 8th grade English get with the times Dude I'm only in 8th
"You should sue the landlord for an unsafe building. Is there any good way to fix this? I was thinking about getting some cinder blocks and car jacks, jacking the floor back up, and reinstalling the walls. Would that work?"
"Yeah, OP should totally ask how big his friend's dick is. Aren't you just an itsy bit curious?"
"Sung to the tune of ""Doctor Zayus"" from Planet of the Apes: The Musical, I assume. Oh oh oh I'm a tumor!"
Trump is very smart and knows good management that alone eliminates the national debt How exactly is this suppose to be revenue neutral?
"he knew bellemare was coming and he still kept his back to him, so he literally deserves to die I'm surprised at how many people seem okay with this hit. Could have broken his neck... Whether he meant it or not it was super reckless and one game is a joke."
Maybe they should start making trailer walls out of steel sheets then. HOT BRAKES DONT MELT STEEL SHEETS! WAKE UP AMERICA!
"Every character that doesn't have Mov +1 could benefit from it What character would greatly benefit from a skill they cannot access without marrying MU? I know technically any character can get any skill by marrying Corrin, but not every one can marry Corrin and get their desired skill. I personally think Orochi would improve vastly if she could get access to Wary Fighter, so she doesnt get one rounded by basically every physical unit in the game. Like in Rev did she reaaaally need to support both Odin and Nyx? Couldn't she have married Benny (R.I.P. Ignatius) or befriended Effie? Any others that would greatly improve a unit?"
"Yeah the sub is definitely much better when literally the first two pages are nothing but esports shit. Unpopular opinion but I hate this sub getting these sorts of posts, on the other hand, it has been up-voted by the majority, therefore I am the minority and will have to deal with it. I get that, I like that. Continue."
But but but someone has different taste than me! looks better than a rusty corroded engine
I can only imagine 11 minutes of bad audio sync with no humor Suzy AND Kevin? What could go wrong?
"I know rite, evil scroogle, exacting patent royalties, suing competitors. Likewise, I find it sad how many buy into Google's continuous double-speak on this and many other subjects. Their actions clearly tell a different story than their words."
I knew he was a weeb with those goggles! Hibana x Thermite confirmed
dude it was panda express and it happened twice get your facts straight but she got them a McDonalds that one time
"So, you're saying they don't recognize Judaism? Indonesia is a *secular* country that recognises six religions officially (Buddhism, Hinduism, Catholicism, Protestantism, Confucianism and Islam), and has a majority Muslim population."
somebody should build a wall Multiple Robberies!
"just buy more shark cards goyim Yup, this is most likely the case unfortunately. They're just taunting us with ""Oooh look at what you *could* do to these vehicles, if only we let you."""
"We're oppressed and abused, they are our white knights in shining armor - liberating us from the patriarchy! If and when the Red Pill gets banned for hating women I am very excited for their convoluted explanation of banning Red Pill Women. So very excited."
because it can't be seen in the picture. How do you know he doesnt have one in the other ear?
"I'm surprised the OP showed some restraint and didn't photoshop a giant pair of round glasses and buck teeth on to the guy in the picture... Maybe a speech bubble with ""CHING CHONG CHANG!"" Would be better without the racism."
"But you see... it's about making more money and job creation! That may be, but it wont make more money, it will increase piracy. The MPAA hasn't learned that the old rules no longer apply, it's no longer whether I can buy a movie cheaper at best buy or at walmart, its now that they must make the movies at a price I am willing to pay and at a convenient enough for me to obtain so I dont want to bother to go to the hassle of getting it free."
"It might just be that ea, like everyone else, hates you. Trust me no they don't. At least EA must not know I'm a mod because I haven't pulled shit all year."
"MRU e superpopular la toate alegerile la care a participat, evident trebuie sa fie acolo prin fiecare guvern. Klaus Iohannis l-a nominalizat pe Mihai Razvan Ungureanu sef la SIE"
but he's a gym rat Not athletic enough.
"There's nothing strange or uncomfortable about that at all. Oh, how sweet of you."
"So we can write SKT names in it of course! I don't get the pun, but I want a Death Note skin."
"I heard that the Samsung Note 7 is the bomb. Time to replace the galaxy nexus, looking for small. After many years, and many nexus's, the last one has finally had it's last charge. It's become unfeasable to replace the screen, battery, or phone itself, as it is finally outdated. What I'm looking for, is it's younger brother. Equally resilient, robust, and timeless. The size is ideal, and I don't want anything bigger. Removable battery is non-negotiable. Would prefer unlocked bootloader, for longevity past it's manufacturer's supported lifespan. Doesn't have to be a 2016 model, if an older phone meets these specs, I'll consider it. What are my options?"
Thank goodness the Reddiquette police is here to save the day! No. Contradictory opinions of the hive are down voted. No one knows what down voting is for so they use it as an agree/disagree button because they can't/didn't read Redetiquette.
"yeah, because the people who wrote the information in the leak are fine upstanding members of of our democracy FBI investigating compromise of Democratic Party organization"
Oh damn Draymond has a sweet step back 3 You mean Draymond Green?
Hercules. Who is the strongest god right now? I wonder who is the strongest one because I've not played Smite for 2 years.
"Yeah but we all know its definitely the young people who are 100% evil, as it has always been. Over 65s out-drink youth daily, NSW Chief Health Officer's alcohol report shows"
Sound reasoning If you have ever played alone with 4 premade u know why... there's rly nothing worst in this game.
Disney just needs to release three in the same year. Don't forget Disney movies!
Well you are 3 hours before the east coast so you should have gotten it 3 hours before us. When is madden coming out for us pacific island time people?
"Obviously the police coached him about the jacket but they forgot to tell him where it was. The question: if Jay wasn't involved in any way, how did he know about the jacket, whether he was wrong about where it ended up or not? This seems to confirm that Jay was at least telling the truth about participating in Hae's burial. Unless someone can explain it away."
"You misspelled ""MSM bias."" Because he's behind by more delegates than have ever been recovered from before, while the GOP is likely going to a brokered convention?"
Gotta love that bad thing / good thing penguin. I got the Midas touch
This thread of concern is not based on racism at all. Agreed. You should be more worried about getting high on meth and finding yourself in a retention pond like that one chick at USF. Not racists.
I'm sure this has really turned a lot of folks onto the Bernie campaign! This has become more than a Trump protest. Shit is getting crazy. Multiple fights with police.
"According to Google, you make up to 2 liters/day! Costs associated with AdBlue? Can anyone speak to how much you pay every time you have to get your car serviced (10k miles) and AdBlue filled up? I would like to calculate these costs when determining costs of a TDI over the life of the car. Thanks!"
"Hey, it might work as a strategy to get him kicked out of office in the next election, what with idiot voters thinking he's a Dem because this image *clearly* says so. Note: image caption on page incorrectly identifies this moron as (D-TX) when he is actually (R-TX)"
"We all know Protestants aren't Christians Also notably, so was Harry Potter."
"yes because 90% of all welfare recipients have enough money to buy and use drugs regularly.. I think the problem lies with a drug-test that only finds 1 positive out of 87,000 people tested. It's likely off by, oh, about 79,000..."
"b-bu-but that is why we need ""sancuary cities"" It's hard for me to understand how progressives can support illegal immigration. A person here illegally has no legal recourse or even police protection. They can be exploited, abused, robbed or raped and have no recourse. If they go to the police they risk deportation. It is an act of compassion to keep them out till they can come here legally."
Or if they renamed it SEC It only counts as the toughest division if Michigan or OSU wins it I guess.
"sitting in a plastic tub with heavily filtered and treated water is ""natural"" I should have made a throwaway account for this, but fuck it."
"Even better, give Turkey (and Brazil) 3 spots each to worlds which reducing BOTH NA and EU to a WC region. If CLG loses to SUP, North America should be reduced to a wild card region."
"Yea because you know, no other raid has lasted over a year and pvp has always been perfectly balanced. Not true, at all. People hated SoO being the only raid for over a year and PvP was a disaster. I couldn't care less about what race they introduced."
"Your move, global warming. For the first time in 37 years, it has snowed in the Sahara"
"Wait, they aren't? ITT: high school kids who think women are impressed by overcompensation cars."
Two things with something in common Think he also owned the dolphins and dwaste management trash services.
'This is why we need a forgive feature' Hostage kill... On secure area? Well that's just dandy!
"Yeah Japan, just clean it up already! Japan you fucked up why don't you just admit to the severity of the situation and clean it up! It will be too late to raise your hand and ask for help when all your arms are legs and you have five of them."
"are you saying its time for another one? On 9/11, I remember how the country came together. 15 years later, I don't think it's been further apart."
"This is shocking SiriusXM NFL Radio on Twitter: ""James Jones: I was hoping I would return to GB but I don't know what is going to happen. Looks like I'm going to hit open market. #Packers"""
"You spelled ""google+"" wrong. I logged into my Myspace account today"
"Yea because targeting ISiS is the only thing theyre going to do They already pretty much do. Also, it'll be good to give all these militia something to do and keep them busy once Iraq is liberated so they don't cause trouble, sending them to fight for Assad in Syria seems like the best decision. It helps defeat ISIS and it gets them out of the way in Iraq, win-win."
"Plant a tree for them so that when they grow big they can pay for their marriage with it. Rakshabandhan gift ideas for my kid sisters My kid sisters were sweet enough to remember and send me and my brother rakhis for Rakshabandhan (through an aunt). I want to gift them something too for Rakshabandhan, but can't think of ideas. They are 6 &amp; 8, big fans of Chotta Bheem, Doremon, Barbie etc. I kinda don't like the idea of giving them gifts related to cartoons. I want to give them something useful and not come across as a douche. My only options are gifting them via E-Com websites. So what do I get them? Help me out here!"
Why do you need a wallbreaker when you have a Mega Wallbreaker? As a TH9 I almost cried when this happened
good thing because diesel is so cheap right now That's why I bought a diesel
"lol, here, take some pity karma Rip to your karma for being uneducated.."
Ah yes r/donald... the most credible news source on the Internet. It is not. It was widely covered in r/donald
Your being dramatic. It's really fun getting called a nutjob and a fucking idiot for pointing out the FACT that Russia participated in the election and the FACT that they want to undermine us to catch up in world power. THESE ARE FUCKING FACTS PEOPLE. It's happening right fucking now!
"Well you see, he's not a *real* black man, because he doesn't support policies that will help black people or that black people agree with! Carson is even dumber for failing to realize he is being used by the GOP as a token black man."""
That's the spirit! This is a LONG way from becoming law. Not a chance in hell (or Texas) that it'll go anywhere.
"Yes, because that happens in EVERY normal game. ""A premade team of 5 in a normal draft pick game can take the game just as seriously."" Then you face up against troll or people trying to have fun then you stop them in a 15 min game."
"Yeah, my government orchestrated water is killing me. I certainly agree that we need reformation in the internet industry, I just don't believe that government orchestrated internet is in anyone's best interests. Well, maybe it's in the best interest of the government, but you know what I mean."
"Hey, you can get 2 Kias for the inflation adjusted price of that Ford. Man, cars used to be cheap. Or children had far better income potential."
I like to use it to melt the ice on my driveway I'm sorry but what the FUCK else would craft beer be for other than beer drinking?
"But I thought cutting off parts of my body that don't feel right was the way to go, you mean I should keep all of my appendages if they aren't actually damaged? Trust your gut. You know your body, you are you body. If your body says ""oh fucking get rid of this shit on me right now"" it's pretty safe to trust it. You know, following common sense that you aren't lobbing off your big toe."
you forgot the Yes another one!!!
"We won without Krejci guys, we need to trade the bum! Post-Game Discussion Thread (BOS vs. CHI) Well, we certainly needed that. Excellent play from the 1st line in particular, as well as Rask, and a much-needed two points to grab us a bit of space. Let's hope we can use this as we bear down on the home stretch. What do you guys think?"
"I think the Mick Jagger one is more historically accurate Ned Kelly- starring Heath Leger and Orlando Bloom. Based on the real life exploits of Australia's most famous bushranger. Pretty good overview of that man, even if it was made more black and white than the actual events that took place."
"Exercising makes mah condishuns worse, shitlord! Exercise can be triggering, FAs prefer joyful movement."
"I'm glad they spent valuable time debating how to change and then implementing that change on the skyhorn kite and brulfist idol rather than addressing key gameplay issues. It has been like 7 weeks of this bullshit, how have they not fixed it?! It's game breaking for the class. It works maybe, 1 out of 5 times."
Arch linux Linux Mint.
TIL Chris O'Dowd is a woman. Like Bridesmaids?
Cause there are so few of us OMG AN RT FAN!!!!! :3
"At least it's not a 5-7 year contract. Allen Craig clears waivers after being dropped from 40-man roster, stays with Red Sox at Triple-A"
"thats pretty racist Nice little touch with the black sword Everybody probably knows this, but just for you people that don't know, when you pick up the black sword there's a tip or whatever they are that says chicken FEARS her sword... I found that out recently when I picked up the sword... I find that pretty spooky... :P"
"But, but OP he enjoys potatoes, think of all te tubers you missed out on D: Too bad you'll never try mine after that intro."
"FUCKING UGLY THINGS, FUCKING BANISH THESE THINGS FROM LIFE LIKE WINDMILLS Welcome to our future internet"
I doubt you know much about SSB Every one.
"Who needs factual evidence when you have skewed, bitter anecdotes! Yeah, do you have actual data for that bogus claim or just your annoying red pill shit?"
Yea rashford is real quality Just take Rashford. Can't count on Sturridge.
"Oh sure, blame the teachers 100% straight but..."
Because zulrah is hard Why are Zulrah tasks 1-15 when all other boss tasks are 1-35?
Better get those reports from Kyev post or Radio Svoboda where they reported this as false flag attack I guess. It's likely being downvoted because it's from RT.
"Yes, because men don't have an active part in causing pregnancy! The parallel doesn't hold, though: being made to be involuntarily responsible for something out of the blue is ethically different from being held responsible for a situation I've had an active part in causing."
"BUT BUT BUT I THOUGHT YOU COULD IGNORE PRIVATE LOAN DEBT UNTIL THEY CALL YOU AND BEG YOU TO PAY BACK HALF OF IT WITH NO REPERCUSSIONS! Debt is becoming international, banks from one country are enforcing debt from others as ownership is mixed across countries. You'd have to research really well where you'd go."
"Denial LAN? Denial eSports and Sledgehammer working on a secret project, more details tomorrow!"
I think the solution to this is spending more money on sports and security and administrators that want to blindly push technology just for technology's sake. Only 3 students scored college-ready in Camden
Are you being sarcastic? Yes it would!
It's all the FUCKING WHITE MALE'S fault yeah well whose fault is that? not mine for sure.
"He got 4 y's in his ""hey,"" so I think it's safe to ask if she has a boyfriend. Can I get a hello, M'lady?"
There you go: [Citation Needed]
"NO FUCK ESPN FOR LITERALLY EVERYTHING THEY DO. I mean, you gotta show that to anyone tuning in later in the game."
"His first bond was clearly ramen Naruto - Naruto's first bond isn't Iruka! Every Naruto fan will know that Naruto's first bond is apparently Iruka-sensei, well when you think about it, it isn't! Remember the Ramen shop owner (I think his name is Teuchi?) hasn't the Ramen shop owner been there since Naruto was 4-5 yrs old? When no other shop would serve him, when everyone would treat him life trash ''Teuchi'' would help Naruto and be there for him. This is just my opinion but, the Ramen shop owner was Naruto's first bond! I personally think this, this is just theory obviously. What do you think? Is this theory technically true? Bee x"
"When I lived in South Delta, there were lots of people who moved there from the UK/Hong Kong... But they don't count because they're white and speak English, right? Don't think foreigners are buying up property in south delta."
Seems legit. At least access will remail limited.
"Also known as *Celsius 250* outside the US. Paper burns at Farenheit 451, hence the title of the novel."
"Where is all the money, bling, and sex appeal of most music videos? ASL Music Video ""We're Going To Be Friends"" by the White Stripes"
"You forgot that an uncle tom counts as a white person. how dare black cops shoot black thugs that point stolen, illegal handguns at them. RACIST"
Im sure the NYC sanitation department is fucking stoked about this Trash cans in New York will be removed on NYE thanks to Muslims
"Wow, the youth of today actually wants to have fun, what the hell is wrong with those freaks? pokemon go=insensitive to syrian kids?"
"Looks like I got my dick out for nothing then... Like 12? I play Minecraft and make Youtube videos! Just kidding, not 12 and do neither of those."
"You may need this: I would say I'm far more intelligent and mature than other kids my age, so no not all of us are babies"
"Excuse you, I'm *very* safe about putting caustic solvents on some of the most delicate skin in my body! Well. At least its safer than a mouthful of acetone."
That trigger discipline... New on set photo.
"Yeah blame the everyday german for Merkel going completely insane.Yeah everyone could have predicted that. you gave up? in all of this madness, everybody else seems the ones who gave up, having you dictating what to do, making threats and demands. Dont put the blame on the EU. This one is on you alone."
"We need more female waterboarders, for equality. Sarah Palin: 'Waterboarding is how we'd baptize terrorists' in her administration - Washington Times"
At making my child autistic Vaccines work.
Yeah that seems legit. Trump appoints his business attorney to manage international negotiations
NOT WORTH IT In the long run maybe but think of all the new clothes you had to buy!
We don't build our houses out of wood so I don't know So what do European hardware stores call a 2x4?
"Nope, good find ! Anyone notice them change Varian's swords in the splash art this patch"
"Didn't you know, women are pieces of meat and you can do whatever you want to them as long as it falls short of something criminal I'm glad your moral compass is completely dictated on whether someone should 'press charges' (a meaningless phrase in Canada btw)"
"So fuck those lucky Mets huh? Game Thread: October 20,2015 Mets (2-0) at Cubs (0-2) NLCS Game 3 LGM"
I actually perfer this one now Baggel.
"""Something something exploitation."" A communist objects."
"Just part of their culture guys, nothing to see here. Saudi woman could face prison after posting video of husband groping their housemaid"
"Yeah but white guilt and reparations Except he wasn't the only one to discover America, nor the first."
"You forgot the People are stupid, the earth warms up naturally, that is why there is no ice in iceland. The earth has cycles no ""global warming""."
"How do you pronounce ""Anythjng""? I am the sky from No Mans Sky, the game is finished and I'm back again for another Ask me Anythjng Yes"
"Because 16 bit isn't old, just misunderstood Nobody said anything about 16 bit until your edit."
You are missing a real charmer there! I am die of brain cancer.
Yea we paid 10 mil for Schaub to ride the pine. Carr is going to start. Just watch.
"Because when I'm making out with a girl, I'd rather not touch boobs. Inexperienced/timid guys- Can I put your hands on my boobs when we're making out?"
"Man and here I thought it was a website full of uploaded videos No, YouTube or liveleak are websites for uploading videos, world star hip hop is something else."
"Racist! Residential, car, metal cage, or wall Luke can go all Kool Aid Man through everything."
"nah I love it, lets stay in it forever, who even wants to go up? I still hate it."
That's factual...... Are you French? Because only *they* hate the english language so much.
"I doubt she has any mortgages, tax problems, illegal immigrants stealing all jobs... ""We will not share any of our power"" says woman wearing beads while hiding from the sun under a dead tree"
Another One eyed cantab. Is it just me or does Merts have a thing against the canes? He's so negative towards them
"Who am I to argue with such flawless logic? None of that changes the fact that these are utterly victimless ""crimes"" that waste everyone's time, money, and dignity. Who gives a fuck if it's legal for them to do this if it's morally wrong and a useless act?"
"PFF... Sounds like a shitty photographer to me, they're up at the altar and he's aside taking pictures of chickens! There was a chicken running around at my friends wedding."
TIL you have to be this blatant to get away with not using a valve is actually the most responsive gaming company ever. they always respond to reddit posts. and their servers never crash ingame (or steam for that matter). they take feedback seriously and really live up to their fantastic reputation.
"Yeah, FUCK people for being themselves and different from you! I'm not being held hostage, I'm just being a real weirdo as I've always been."
"Clearly it's Fullscreen's fault RT Store Removing Reviews? I'm a longtime fan so I've bought a fair share of merchandise (way too much, if you ask me) from the RT Store but I was disappointed in the RWBY Blind Box figures. I purchased 10 boxes when they first went on sale, in the hopes that I might get a character other than Team RWBY. Unfortunately, that didn't happen. When I looked at the store on Dec. 2, I noticed there were other fans who also were disappointed in the boxes. I left a 3-star review since I was happy with the quality of the figurines but disappointed that there did not seem to be a lot of variety in the boxes. The overall average review seemed to be 3-stars. Today, I visit the RT Store and notice that only one 5-star review is listed for the RWBY Blind Boxes. I can only assume that the RT Store removed the reviews because they weren't overwhelmingly positive. Has this happened to anyone else? Would there be another reason that multiple reviews got removed? Curious as to what explanation there is to this."
You forgot this: nah duud that's NRated
"So non nonexistent sex life :/ Well according to my wife, I play god every time we have sex."
"He liked the new Ghostbusters so you know, what a prick. Why would anyone call Patton an asshole? He's the nicest guy..."
They clearly meant not starving anorexics. They clearly meant average.
I... always thought they coexisted... with Jesus... The length of time between the extinction of Stegosaurus and the emergence of Tyrannosaurus is greater then the length of time between the extinction of Tyrannosaurus and now. Stegosaurus: 155 to 150 million years ago Tyrannosaurus: 67 to 65.5 million years ago All my tyrano-stego toy battles as a child have been brought to naught.
"If Breaking Bad took place in Texas, Walter White would just drink holy water until he dies Holy Shit."
"Gabe already took care of it, their boss was an ass and was fired....also they were fired too. Hopefully they all just got fired."
"Yes, because those are obviously the only people in history who were ever hung. Only on reddit do you see people comparing the plight of black folk under slavery and reconstruction to that of people who rape children."
"Because the deep south has been a leader in education and educational standards for so, so long, and because charter schools have been shown in study after study to be superior to traditional public schools, right? Georgia is passing a state constitution amendment to put public schools out of business and use taxpayer funds to replace the public schools with for-profit ""charter"" schools."
Nah he just had a wash The white twin must had to fucked up big time since he got the black slapped out of him.
All because she bought a candy bar My wife got grounded for a month once for buying a candy bar. It's not as crazy as it sounds however: her parents had recently given her a credit card in her name and were teaching that purchases need to be planned and accounted for ahead of time. (And that frivolous purchases on the spur of the moment are to be avoided.) Long story short: she has excellent credit.
They are now martyrs to the revolution. Venezuela says murder rate plunges under Maduro
"Last time I checked the enemy can see Zeus Ult in Fog too So Valve, since you patched PA crit showing from fog... ...would it be time to fix all other spell effects showing from fog? We know you can do it since you fixed PA arcana. Necrobook rangers hits, necrolyte heals etc. are still shown trough fog since forever. It just does not feel right you have so high priority to fix expensive cosmetic stuff while other stuff is ignored for years. (and maybe also at the same time you could fix the maphack exploit with them, since you are fixing fog glitches)."
"Vermaelen because he can play DM Vermalen or Mertesacker? I have seen a lot of people give stick to BFG for being slow, and having to rely on Kos to save the defense. If so why did arsenal sell Thomas?"
It's in color and the subject noticed the camera; not street photography. Not impressed.
"Thank god, after 2 years of waiting there is finally an alternative to SD! SatoshiDICE Alternative"
"He was asking for directions, coast guard was being dicks. He called for their help."
"Othaa/Benchod, r/bakchodi has 9 mods for 10% of the subscribers of r/india, won't question there but will ask this question here. 8 mods just for this subreddit? Do you guys really get that much spam?"
Obviously it's your attitude that keeps people from liking you; just be more confident in yourself Ugly people are discriminated and ostracised in every aspect of life. And it is widely denied and downplayed.
That's easy when you have the refs protecting him every down. You just gotta laugh at anyone saying Brady isn't a tough son of a bitch. 100+ games in a row before the torn ACL/MCL and 100+ in a row since. That doesn't happen in the NFL unless you're tough.
"No I'm pretty sure that ambulance was driving 300 MPH Well, if you look at the video timing and estimate speed (60kmh zone), the ambulance is perhaps 200 metres away."
"""Vagina Voter"" indeed. It was close, but last second my husband switched back to GJ after switching to Trump momentarily."
"Ya, I would rather be the person who thinks woman sleep around to promote their free games. Well, keep being the person who believes in outrageous concidences."
"I guess you don't like Northernlion that much, I thought you did! This was my recommendations on youtube"
"Don't worry guys, McLaren is sandbagging, Q3 is still possible Monaco FP3 sector times and speed traps"
"No, this would just lower the skill level needed to play the game and not reward the true skill of the pros to search their inventory This small addition for when using crafting recipe scrolls would make life easier"
"I wonder why WTF , Now people turn their back to Zack Snyder ? Really ? afterall that things he do it for us ?"
"Yeah, relating it to one of the most popular series in a generation is really good hurt its performance in the box office Calling it ""Harry Potter Prequel"" isn't really helping the film."
He seems nice. Oaks' council on love and inclusion towards gay family members
"Clearly a bunch of neo Nazi racists! Germany's secret service warns the country 'is importing Islamic extremism, anti-Semitism, other people's ethnic conflicts and a different understanding of society'"
They still don't know the name of the anime they saw that day. Ano Hi Mita Hana no Namae o Boku-tachi wa Mada Shiranai. or AnoHana (shortened name) That is the name of the anime this is from.
"Ugh, take a screenshot next time. This is the only way I can play. And I love it."
"Only just now? ""Just like one of my Japanese anime!"" We've gone meta."
"The hooker has to take street wages even though she is the best one for your job. The market decides (monetary) value, not the vendor"
"We're too much uneducated fucking white males #1 on r/all: a joke about atm's, #1 on T_D: The Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for only the second time in a decade"
"Hey, us Irish are very competent and competitive when we're partying. No Ireland is an outrageous example. I'm not Irish, but literally not a single Irish party is competent at all. Even in the US, the UK, Germany, Australia, Canada etc. I can tell myself ""X Party is the lesser evil"". Not in Ireland, which is a shame. One of their parties is called ""Soldiers of Destiny"" for chrissakes and still manage to eff up that supremely awesome name."
Please tag your post as a spoiler. You had ONE job...
"but then if you can watch youtube and stream netflix, then you wont need foxtel I would like the net speed to be able to even stream youtube without buffering at more than 480p..."
Yeah push from behind on the fast break should be play on there ain't no foul
"Because the best way to ensure you get a well-built bridge is to pay the guys building it less. Days After Decrying Flat Wages, McConnell Proposes Lowering Wages by $13 Billion"
But it looks like a rocket! I wouldn't like to be in that thing at top speed. Doesn't look like it would be aerodynamically stable at all.
Such a well reasoned argument. Go fuck yourself.
"BUT CHI CHI JUST WANTED A SUCCESFULL SON SO THEN HE DIDNT FIGHT LIKE GOKUY WANTED THAT MAKES HER SUCHA A BAD MOM LIKE CMON GUYS There are three characters I will defend with my life for different reasons. Krillin - he is a great character. You do not have to be the strongest to be the bravest and you don't have to be perfect to be a good character. Gohan - he had made a decision long ago that he enjoyed studying more than fighting. He. Doesn't. Like. To. Fight. I love that about his character. Here he is with the grand talent for fighting and yet he chooses to be a boring nerd instead. I like that. Goku - Don't get me started. He's not a bad father and he's not stupid. Bonus - ChiChi. Can we all just chill on the ChiChi hate, please? We don't see enough of her to make judgments. We just see enough so that the ""Asain-mom-obsessed-with-good-grades"" joke is conveyed."
"Might have hit like 1 or 2 old ladies along the way, but c'mon, they were practically asleep on the crosswalk, can't say they didn't have it coming. Did you run lights, forget signals when turning, hit old ladies in the crosswalk?"
"At this point, since his team is stinking up the Texas Triangle, he might as well support the other Texas teams. Mark Cuban's MVP pick at this point: James Harden."
How completely unreasonable of you. No it wasn't like that. I just wanted to be smart about it and get on birth control before I had sex with anyone.
"They're obviously aren't our ""brothers,"" they're not white! But 1 million Mexicans into the US? NOT ON MY WATCH!!!"
"And what does this have to do with bugs? Do you even etymology. Mrs. is a shortening of Mistress, which Miss is also a shortening of. That took two seconds of research."
"Cancer chemicals and water then. Hell no, I'm going full Aspartame."
"Keep trying to find the bad part, you know those scummy 1%ers just want to take more of your money! I love the concept but can't help feeling that a lot of this money will be skimmed by seedy charities with high overhead."
"I'm so glad that you are able to read my mind, because that is exactly my thought process... Daughter is sick and all you can think is ""4 hours of wasted play time"" yikes... Destiny = addiction like anything else."
"I mean its not like the BCTF was ever demanding a $3,000 in massages, a $5,000 k signing bonus, and a top teacher salary of 91k, based entirely on seniority.... that never happened Go do some actual research on this subject before spreading this ignorance. The government is very obviously at fault here."
"So wait, it's not &lt;5% faster in real world Apples to apples comparisons? Intel Skylake Core i7 6700K vs 4790K/3770K/2600K 4.4GHz Overclock Gaming Benchmarks"
"Should show this to people that does not think the E-sports is a physical sport! PTR's injury, doesn't deserve the hate he's getting at all."
Because this has everything to do with Atheism and absolutely anyone that is atheist is Democrat. Right Wing Fundamentalism
I think it's hilarious because Family Guy is so well known for its conservative values I don't know if Family Guy is where you should be getting your political opinions.
"I hate that Acquiesce only has 1 verse What do you think about the multiple repeated verses in songs? Love Oasis, but it's strange how a lot of the songs have repeat verses."
"nah, the poor should get off their ass and work harder, give me the railguns. But sir, we have rampant homelessness and unemployment and most of the components for this vessel will be made overseas. Surely we can cancel this one ship and spend 3.5 billion on social programs, the impact of that much money would be tremendous and cost virtually nothing in terms of Naval combat effectiveness. China is still building their first aircraft carrier and its a used Russian one, we already have 11."
TIL George Jetson was a pedophile TIL that George Jetson got Jane pregnant when she was 16 and he was 23
"Photoshop! Migrants ""drowning? in the sea... except that guy standing on the right..."
"It worked for Steve jobs There's an entire movement of people who believe that eating right will prevent cancer or even cure it. Some have an almost religious fervor. There's obviously a certain nugget of scientific truth to it, since a healthy diet over many years will give the body's systems a better chance at tackling cancerous cells (which appear regularly in all people). It's a complex field, but the people preaching aren't usually getting their information from science anyway."
They're all faking And that's also why they are staying somewhere else now? It's all an illusion?
"Hey guys did you here about the brand new Samsung Galaxy galaxy. Samsung SM-A500 might have 13MP camera, new TouchWiz interface from Galaxy Note 4"
"That's what you get for being poor! So if I'm having a heart attack and dying, and would otherwise be fucked, I have to pay *$2200 to save my fucking life?* America is doing something(s) wrong."
I wonder what generous parental leave he provides employees with. Domino's Pizza Founder sues to keep contraceptives from workers
This is totally the same thing as assault It would be a hate crime.
"But, but, cheaper, installed faster, better! Welcome to Cairns NBN - A farce in the making"
"You mean Trump University? Oh, yeah, I forgot about the college."
"Hey, stop being racist! Sorry, can't hear you over the sound of beheading infidels, genial mutilating little girls and suicide bombing each people with whom we disagree."
"Wow, you must hate CNBC then. If you use tweets as a source for your article, I lose respect for you. Unless you're a Bieber blog, in which case, carry on."
"Actually it's blue and black. Thanks! Decided to make him gold and white, because it would be off for Fredbear to be anything but gold. Glad it worked out!"
"it couldn't possibly be that some people just don't like the game, no, it's only people who preemptively abandon it out of fear that people will abandon it. I don't think that's the reason for the low playerbase."
RUINED This little guy just chillin on my UBs...
There are no chairs to hurl viciously at innocent establishment dems is why WHAT!?!? THE BERNIEBROS AREN'T BEING VIOLENT!?!?
"Everyone knows that crossing guards are pedophiles. Kids can't high-five crossing guards, city bylaw"
"Hahaha use my code ""sorrystrike"" All they need is a taxi strike specific promo code to get that first ride for free."
I forgot to put: Are you really that surprised?
"GOD SHOOT LIKE A MAN. Yeah I'm trying to get into as I like strategy and shooting things, but I suck since you know, I'm new. But apparently sucking means you're a girl."
look at that inclusionary zoning at work! Most people probably have no idea that the Pearl not only has a lot of below market rate units but also has fairly successfully integrated them into that community so for the most part you can't tell there are low income developments there. If the whole of Portland matched the Pearl from a mixed market rate housing perspective we'd fix a decent amount of the housing issues people are unhappy about.
"An entire team of diamond players won worlds at one point. Eh, last season a D2 player was playing on the main stream during worlds, so this nothing new."
"Yeah we should be able to fire people for being black! Whut? You aren't entitled to your job. If I don't want to employ you any more, I should be free to terminate your employment for any reason that comes to mind."
"Yeah dude, it's not like the hiatuses have happened before or anything. Don't recommend Berserk."
"13x2-4x3=14 The answer is so obvious, dude. 14? Thats a new one"
"That's not *fresh*, that's *filtered* Why not get a water filter pitcher or an attachment for the faucet?"
sexist! I love women of any race. It's the men that fuck it up for me.
"So basically you want a man that will always be there to hold your earrings for you while you cut a bitch? I hate it when people use those terms. Real Men, Real Women... That aside, my ideal partner considers me an equal and also knows when to stay the hell out of my business. I don't need protecting. I don't need somebody injecting themselves into any confrontation I might come across."
"See, it mentioned religion somewhere in the image once or twice I think. So, how does have to do with being an atheist? At all?"
"Man fluttershy must be a whore, she's with everyone these days. SCORE!"
"but that doesn't help his argument, so therefore untrue. You are probably right, but bigotry is across the spectrum, not just lgbt or race."
"Damn Abbott was right that damn Obama's letting hundred of thousands of refugees in indiscriminately... No not homeless , like 500+ families with their kids and camping chairs and blankets and shit"
"Stans aren't played out a lot of people say theyre ""played out"" because they see a lot of people wearing them in the sub, but ive only maybe ever seen one or two people wearing them in real life, and i live in toronto. I personally love these shoes and wouldnt stop wearing them just because some guy on reddit said theyre ""played out"". Besides, theyre a pair of converse, you can't really play out converse"
"Because obviously there's a direct positive correlation between looks and talent on the field. M(internal)RW I google ""who is the best female soccer player in the world"" for a quick fact check and the 2ND HIT is a ""top ten hottest female soccer players"" list. The 5th, 8th, and 9th hits too."
"Change your language to one that doesn't have Cortana The thing i hate about Windows 10 is you can't turn off updates. I render and download a lot of stuff on my PC, so it's on almost all day. I really don't want my business to be interrupted by unnecessary updates. Also, there's always so much Windows processes going on in the background, which eats up a little bit of RAM. Last thing is Cortana. No matter what i do, she always ends up popping up again in the Task Manager! Just let me be Cortana, i don't want you eating up RAM."
"OMG SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME Philadelphia Union To Announce USL Logo, Colors and Name"
but your only reason for living is to serve me! Obnoxious customers. I work in retail and there's way too many of them
"Yo, its a *metaphor*, bro. Why am I watching two grown men play chess on a show about battle rap..."
"For real, 2/5 Koreans true EU team Origen last hope for the west, Only team with no koreans on it left!"
"And if you don't vote for him, you're Islamophobic! My uncle is referring to Article VI of the US Constitution"
we gotta stay hip somehow though We don't use that term..
"Well, it sounds like he had a perfectly nice weekend planned out for you two... Coffee, Dinner, Marriage..."
Well that was unexpected... F0rest's announcement
But of course Do you think that she should get a pass on this type of hypocricy because she's a woman? We're sexist for pointing it out?
"Yeah he has amazing acting ability and can definitely pull off a French accent Wrestler ""the big show"" is perfect for this role."
Well ya but he didn't win the world cup too It's five games into the season.
I guess they figure its ok since Obama's takin away the guns anyway. Police union: Open carry of guns should be suspended at Republican convention in Cleveland
But there's no pahrking down dere...and its unsafe! More Signs Pointing to Canalside Coming
"That is what he gets for making the fat security guard run. 2 intersting facts about that. 1) That was 2 years ago. 2) I worked in the booth that controls the replay. They covered up the fact that the kid gave up before they tazed him. He slid to the ground and put his hands behind his head, THEN the security guard ran up to him n lit him up. We had it in HD n just kept replaying it over n over."
It worked for Downton Abbey! I would laugh at a new low in the show's storytelling. You don't resurrect a character just to kill him off in the next immediate conflict. That cheapens everything that came before it.
"This is definitely downvote worthy. I was unaware of that, I use alien blue and reddit pics for the iPhone. No double comments yet I'm proud to say ^_^"
Ahh yes I am a huge fan of the Paul Revere administration ... There's a lot of characters in assassin creed 3 who weren't president in the game but became president 10-20 years after the revolution in real life. Benjamin could've very well been on of them.
"Good job, man, your art was *obviously* way more important than having fans. My high school band broke up because of that fucking song. We were a hardcore/punk band called Natural Drunken Pungence, and we had a lot of teenager type political songs and we actually got pretty popular in the area. Well, we would close with Killer Tofu because it was fun, and helped ease the mood from a bunch of anger songs. Except we had to play it every show, we got really tired of it. Every fucking show people would shout ""Play Killer Tofu!"" At the beginning of our set, it got infuriating. One day we decided we're not gonna play it, we said in the beginning of the show ""We're not gonna play Killer Tofu until the end, maybe. Don't ask us to play it, or else we won't. Well, like 3 songs in, somebody screams ""KILLER FUCKING TOFU!"" And we looked at each other and just walked off the stage and never played again. except we've been thinking about doing a reunion show for fun."
"You're supposed to ask for forgiveness because you are a male. We've discovered the White Knight's credo, ladies and gentlemen. Why the fuck am I asking forgiveness for something I didn't do, again?"
"She can't be too harsh, remember she's a woman and should have more of an inquisitive approach. She should have done better - It's not just a matter of politics. It's a matter of taking people to an election on the promise of budget repair and the lie of Budget emergency, and utterly failing in doing anything about it for two years. The Coalition need to be reprimanded for putting the fear of god into people about the budget issue, and then doing fuck all to resolve it. Leigh doesn't do anything to get Morrison to address that primary issue."
"Yes, because measuring players against one another while they are being in different teams, regions and roles while also pulling off a *team* game is going to be so accurate. Yes yellowstar was (for some reason) considered way ahead of his team. He was at some ridiculous place in the top 20 players for worlds, like 7th or some shit when he wasn't even close to being a top 10 player in the world in reality."
But consoles don't pirate. It's already there. Only console versions though.
"Exactly, everyone knows optimal crossfire scaling is at it's peak at 17 cards, 22 hits diminishing returns. Well, yeah, but 22 is overkill...."
Yeah they are totally not implants. Jessica Nigri
"Take an xbox controller in your left hand and mouse in your right hand for ultimate fps experience. There is one thing that bugs me about playing FPS games with a keyboard: I can't tell the PC how fast I want to walk. If on console, I want to peek around a corner really slow, I can nudge the joystick a tiny little bit and I move very slow. On PC, I can only press or not press W. Yeah, there are usually walk buttons, but that still only gives you two speed options."
Why be so passive aggressive? We should probably just murder them.
"Yeah, what a bastard; only Christianity is true religion! Changed the lyrics to John Lennon's ""Imagine."" He changed ""and no religion too"" to ""and all religion's true."" That's when he hit bottom for me."
"Omg even if shes overweight and u dont find her attractive u should like her, you shallow pig Am I an asshole? So, I met some chick on tinder the other day, and we agreed to meet up at a mutual friends party, when I got there she was about 50+ kgs over what I expected, I told her straight to her face that I'm not even going to bother with someone that obviously catfished and lied to me. She then started crying and called me every name under the sun, even wanted to start a swack. I got kicked out of the party and no one would give me a lift so I had to walk home 10km in the middle of fucking nowhere. God that fucking sucked. Was I really in the wrong here?"
It-it's the l-long con. And yet every single one of Bill's Scotus picks voted against Citizens United.
Rip cod Me for the next month
"His Toy Bonnie X Foxy picture was a work of art though. Meet fnaffanatic804, our new cringe artist! Well, he's made a bad fanfic and 2 cringey work of art. Age: 0.000000000000000001 Profession: Cringey art thief and terrible author. His secret: ilovu Common words: vincent, i and ermilco Common grammar mistakes: Every mistake possible. Place in our cringe kindom: Cringe artist"
"Stop playing video games, the will turn you into a violent criminal Dallas and an accomplice robbed a McDonalds"
"Remember everyone, both parties are exactly the same. A sneaky lie that left 750,000 Floridians without health coverage"
Yaaaaa more Bat God stuff Batman and Thor
The customer is always right! That's certainly what most customers seem to think
"Didn't you know that questioning Clinton's health makes you a misogynist? So I realize this thread is attempting to be impartial by not focusing directly on Hillary's episode, but what sort of health issues has Trump had compared to Hillary lately? The guy is a bit fat and is 70 years old, but besides that seems like he's pretty healthy and more than capable of working constantly (by all observable means). We've never seen anything close to this last month of Hillary ""health gaffs"" coming from Trump. Also, is it reasonable now to say that the topic of Hillary's health is no longer a smear campaign? At this point there seems to objectively be some sort of issue."
"Good thing League Pass exists We have 34 nationally televised games, I was not expecting that."
"Dont want, he'll stifle Elfrid's growth. I heard we would like Stephen Curry and Lebron to join us too."
He simply identified himself as a woman and has every right to use the women's restroom Man charged after 10-year-old says he watched her in bathroom
Tequila had to have Mexican overtones...tsk. If alcohol had mascots like cereal
"With web design like that, I definitely want them to design my advertising campaign. That site looks gorgeous."
Definitely *NOT* sticking my dick in there What is the purpose of pulling taffy over and over like that?
"So, when he retires as a Cowboy... If that man doesn't retire in blue then I will never forgive the Giants."
sry eglis tu compleks pls dum don vry smatr nerde Could you dumb that down for me a bit?
"Ha, that sure was funny and clever One of the first times I haven't seen a video of throwing bottles, are you sure that isn't staged?"
You idiot that's politics I kno my sociology ok?
"I don't know man, I think he looks more like Ron Perlman than Clay from SOA I have no idea who the hell Ron Pearlman is, but his cat sure likes like the Clay from SOA"
Like all of Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy's movies... Or could it be a picture of what theaters are going to look like when the movie releases.
Yes.... Tasty Spring Water ICE.... Can you make ice out of it?
"Jesus forgave him already guys, it's all good. Porn star reveals Duggar had affair while wife was pregnant"
"Yeah, but all the ""#yumyum"" cancels out the regret! We've ""ALL"" been there...that's part of the problem. Assuming that a fats habits are the same as a fits habits. Throw in a side of regret."
"Yep, us meat-eaters are fucking terrible people for sure. Well what about pigs? Pigs are smarter than dogs and yet Reddit is obsessed with bacon. 99% of the meat consumed in America comes from factory farms. Cattle are rather intelligent and have a wide range of emotions, you'd just rather not acknowledge them because it'll cause you to have to rethink your precious little life. You can't talk yourself out of this, by eating meat not only do you pollute far more than I ever would even if I drove an 18 wheeler as my daily commuter and shit out the window the entire time BUT you also advocate the torture of intelligent creatures. All for what? To satisfy your taste buds, that's all."
"Because arresting black protestors is racist! If blocking traffic during protesting is illegal, why aren't police arresting BLM protesters doing just that?"
But all he does is win Howard Eskin: I'm getting many indications Tim Tebow is among the cuts by eagles.
"But abortion only affects women, It's not like little boys get killed! Wow she's so cutting edge &amp; forward-thinking. She's referring to the little body inside her, right?"
"I mean, it's not like it's super easy to differentiate between harmless mods and mods that allow ridiculous cheating and corruption of other player's save files, right? Not getting banned for mods would be great"
How can you bench someone on a big winning streak like Cassel? cowboys need to bench Cassell
Go to town on it then cosplay as a zombie MRW comic con is tomorrow and I have a giant zit
it's not fair to console players if we get extra big stuff like interiors. well can you blame them? they only had two years to think about stuff like this.
DAE have advice on not being toxic XD I want to chase my challenjour dreams but my teams in bronze always FUCKING FEED League of Legends.
But LVP is perfect! And I thought LVP wore ugly hats
Just listen to the radio for five minutes and you'll hear all three of them! Somewhere to download all of Rabi Ray Rana's broadcasts? I really like what he said on air and would love to be able to listen to him on a long drive or something. Anyone compile all of his stuff?
"Nah... Natives are just people who were in America and then gifted their land to the Europeans on Thanksgiving and went on their merry way ""we nearly eradicated the natives of this continent a while back, it's impossible anyone else can even think about doing something as atrocious"""
"No, he literally played perfect and shaman is literally unkillable. It's because even with Tank Up, the combination of Doomhammer and Steady Shot win the race; each turn the Warrior is taking more damage than he gains in armor. I think one misplay was not threatening with Gromm at one point. If you see that you're losing two health each turn even with Tank Up, not even counting whatever damage the Shaman will draw, you need to race the Shaman and force him to send damage into Gromm or die. You won't win the long game so why did Gryj try to play that way?"
"It's Lesser Dog, get ur dogs right u heathen \* Doggo has gone where no doggo has gone before"
Wow you sound like such a nice guy... Cannabis or Cannibal? (or neckbeard)
I'm gonna be a kernel panic! The Blue Screen of Death
"True progressives vote republican, everyone knows that! Many, many Bernie supporters (myself included) are not going to vote Clinton."
Bernie was born a poor black child... Almost thought bernie's dad was black
I'd personally recommend an airport bathroom. Record yourself hiding this in obvious public places and call it a prank.
It's not pointless if you're the motherfucking **Batman**. It sounds cool but it's just absolutely pointless to learn that many martial arts.
He's scared to watch it. Stephen Amell on Daredevil
"You're right, the people at your local store gave you a bad experience, the whole company must really suck ass. I'm sure their products are fine, but I absolutely hate the people who work at my local Performance."
Glad to see they really spread those stations out. Get a free coffee while biking in the morning on Friday
"Yeah, sure It came out?"
"Because this is the first time you called. Hello Dan, long time friend, first time caller. My question is, why won't you pick up the phone or answer my calls."
"Hey Brad, time to drown yourself in work and get a role in the DCEU Nobody"
"The baby gets in the way, duh. Because posting a picture of breastfeeding is bad yet posting a picture showing off my boobs is okay for some reason"
Maybe they thought that throwing a new offensive scheme at a rookie QB would make him grow faster? I think they should've fired him before bringing in a rookie 4000 yard passer i hope they keep the scheme so Jameis can grow
"I should have added an What? I'm not purposefully brushing past people to get to the top two seconds faster. And the escalator exists to remove the burden of the stairs. If I wanted to climb stairs loaded with shopping bags, I would. But the vast majority of people don't, so they won't."
"The reason God didn't is because if he did Ben Carson couldn't make any analogies. Why doesn't God create only those people who won't end up in hell? IMO this would be more in line with a benevolent God because it prevents the suffering of eternal souls in hell and it would make the earth a better place to live. Note that the ""would take our free will away"" argument doesn't work here. God simply installed an ""asshole firewall"" to his beloved creation, preventing certain people from ever existing TLDR; How can an all knowing God not be techsavy?"
"Ya so glad they let us pick between those two The American people serve as the check and balance they were always meant to serve. Had that check not worked in 2012, Mitt Romney would be serving as the country's leader since that is who the business community wanted as President."
Because he's a black Kenyan soshulist Nazi usurper who wants to take all our guns and bring us under Marxism. Why would the Republicans want to kill an unpopular lame-duck president?
"Innovative I know So, just regular old battle royal?"
YOUR WRONG. it's ok to be upset
Found the racist. I'm sure this will lead to a productive discussion between reasonable and well educated people.
"Goddamn Mormons messing everything up Seeds are often adjusted up or down one line from the S-curve in order to make the scheduling work, and BYU won't play on Sundays so that adds other thing to consider when seeding them."
"go into the kitchen and get a cooking pot. Where to get russian helmets? Hello everyone, I am doing a Russian load-out and I was wondering where to buy a Russian helmet. I am located in the United States. This there any sites that ship there? Thank you."
"Remove him entirely. How would YOU balance Sniper? Lately I've heard quite a few people complaining that Sniper is an unbalanced/broken class, yet heard no one really offer any suggestions on how to fix it, the best i've heard imo is a damage falloff on bodyshots. So give us your best balance ideas."
"Concert mode. What is the best camera setting for concert pictures? I have a Canon Digital Rebel (EOS 300D 300-D). It's an older model, I think 2003, but it still works great. I also have two lenses. One is 35-80mm and the other is 55-250mm. I am going to a concert next week and was wondering what the best setting and lens I should use for the best pics? I will be fairly close (within 100 of the stage). It is at the Verizon Wireless Amphitheater on Encore Park in Alpharetta, GA if that helps. I will be completely covered by the elements and it should get fairly dark with a great light show. I have only taken pics at shows with my handheld camera but am looking to upgrade. Would love if someone could help me out."
"If you are gonna miss that badly with your offhand, you might as well cut it off. Because we try to use our dominant hand for the primary action we're engaging in. If we're cutting, slice with the dominant and leave the off-hand for a mundane task like ""hold this in place."" Time to eat? Gotta stab with the dominant hand and bring it to your mouth. Wouldn't want to miss the mouth with that silly, uncoordinated offhand would we? Nothing more charming than feeding your beard a bite of steak."
Final Fantasy War Tactics Quite the opposite ... I am one of those who have spent way too many hours on one of their games.
"Nope, Obama told us it's not a proxy war.... U.S. Weaponry Is Turning Syria Into Proxy War With Russia"
"Man those Amish sure like to bomb stuff Ramadan Bombathon Final Score: 238 attacks, 1850 killed, 1924 injured in the name of Islam. All other religions combined: ZERO"
"Hehe, now that was true True, I still wonder which cert-line helps against the Lancer and/or Phoenix. ,)"
"But at least I have my freedom Obama on Oregon shooting: ""Our thoughts and prayers are not enough"": ""This is a political choice that we make, to allow this to happen every few months in America. We collectively are answerable to those families who lose their loved ones because of our inaction,"" he said."
"Broadway is so Punk Rock though! Aww, a sell-out pop star bitching about a pop star! Circle of life, man."
"This is reddit, we cant give credit because it was le 90s. why?"
That'll make the tent wider... Vice chairman of the Republican National Committee wants to impose a purity test on GOP congressional candidates
Eh.. God duh Who decides what's good and evil?
How romantic. Cop Engaged In Traffic Stop Leads To Life Sentence
"FUck you The 'Tada!' arms at the end are what seals it. That, and the eye contact with the camera."
TAKE THAT ATHEISTS! Devil's Skull (found on the beach)
Blatant racism right there! This is why I hate the kiss cam
"But they'll totally win wars, guys! They literally learn nothing except how to ace a tests. Having lived in China I can confidently say that most Chinese have FUCK ALL in the way of common sense. They're too robotic for it."
"Tag your porn as NSFW, please Grumman F-14 Tomcat"
it was great seeing you get rekt The End
But they still cure cancers right? These Rare Giraffes Were Killed Just for Their Tails (Exclusive Video)
we all know you laughed so hard and I'll be getting that game Im very sorry you had to write that. :\^)
So you're getting baptized now? Totally. My enjoyment of sin is tangential to my nonbelief.
Please don't PM me a link! Linking anything piracy related can net a ban. Hopefully someone can pm you with the link.
well many chineses have no problem to sell their kidneys for iphones and whatsnot and a kidney
"Why do we have to thank them for a feature that should already be in the game which we paid a full price for? Can We Take a Second to Thank Ubi/Massive for an In-Game Matchmaking System! It may not always work out perfectly, it may not have infinite options, but damn it is so nice to be able to pull up an in game menu and find a group for anything I wanted to do in under 2 minutes. I have spent up to an hour before hitting the refresh button on LFG posts just trying to find a group to play with, and now I can spend more time playing than searching for a group. I am curious to see how this will play out in more difficult content, but so far I am impressed with how many of matchmade groups turned out to be positive experiences. Thanks Ubi/Massive, this should be a standard feature in all co-op focused games."
Because a bowling ball has finger holes Earth is closer to a perfect sphere than a bowling ball is.
Clearly you must hate yourself I downvoted you and I'm a homosexual.
"90% of the time when I approach a 4 way stop sign in a quiet residential area there's no one around so I just blow through it - seems to be the most convenient thing to do. Because 90% of the time there a very few or no pedestrians. When I do encounter one, I go off the sidewalk and around them. If there isn't room to do that, I will get off and walk it past them. If drivers gave a respectful distance, there wouldn't be any problems. Sure, there will always be dickhead cyclists, but I pride myself on not being one of them. I don't pass all of the cars stopped at a red light and make them all pass me again until the next light, because I know how annoying it is. But when you're going 30km/h with a car 10 feet behind you and you see a bunch of potholes up ahead, it's pretty nerve racking. And then that person finally decides to blast past you leaving a good 18 inches between the back of your head and their mirror. Fuck those people. That's why people ride on sidewalks."
"Inderdaad, fuck die stomme kinderen! Ga je zelf schamen. Heb het helemaal gehad met deze zinloze discussie over Zwarte Piet. Zijn ook genoeg dingen in andere culturen die mij niet aanstaan, leer er maar mee leven."
why can't she just stare at her phone like a normal person? Quebec girl told to stop reading book by school bus driver
"totally makes sense What if Frank is watching this sub and waiting for it to break 10,000 subscribers before dropping the album?"
"The war on drugs is a success and the DEA have done their job! 4 Dead, 52 Wounded in Weekend Shootings Across Chicago. This marks the second weekend in a row where more than 50 people were shot in Chicago. Last weekend, eight people were killed and at least 45 others were wounded"
"I like your sarcasm. Sarcasm friend, sarcasm."
I hate people like you. I had someone yelling at me the other day playing Hanzo...on Kings Row that little turn for the payload to get the end? Stood in the back of it and just constantly nailed people went like 26-5...he was so upset he tried using Hanzo against me XD
"You owe me and everyone who believes what I do an apology for believing what you believe and expressing it He did not ""bully a coworker into believing what he believed about religion"". He told him what he believed in response to a coworker's thoughts on the subject. He even said something along the lines of 'If you don't believe in Jesus Christ, that's fine, but don't call people who do stupid.' And you would rather have it where Chris called him stupid instead of explaining his side of things?"
"Yeah it's bizarre that they dare putting new content/items/features in a paid expansion! i wouldnt even bother trying to point how bad HoT is here, i got downvoted for pointing out that putting sinister trinkets behind a pay wall was a bad thing. This community boggles my mind honestly."
"No, that's not a *real* FPS, because it's a Nintendo game! Metroid Prime!"
"You seem like a really nice person. That her boyfriend goes on Omegle with his dick out and masturbates to other guys with their dicks out. He confessed this to her, saying he is bi. I never told anyone, though I did question her if she really wants a boyfriend who does gross shit like that. They are still together and going strong two years later though, so what do I know. Using that information, I managed to get her boyfriend out in a close game of Never have I ever. I said ""Never have I ever done something sexual on cam"". I'm pretty sure he still doesn't know I know."
"C'mon, aces get 7! Angels saw a chance to sign an aging former superstar and couldn't resist. Quick guys, give him 6 years"
"Fuckin' Costello in his Red Sox hat, what a piece of shit Rex Ryan calls up Manish and Brian Costello to the podium"
"Yea cause 99 Tahoes had Triton motors right? I hope your spark plugs &amp; cylinder heads are ok ... You might want to check, it's probably a Triton motor. Lol"
"Because obviously if something contains beauty, physically or otherwise, it had to be created by God, proof I tell you! He's using the old 'look at the trees!' argument- silliest argument in the book."
"Ah yes - ""both parties are the same"" New Senate Environment Chair Gets His Gavel, Goes On Rant Arguing Climate Science Is A Hoax."
nah dude uefalona Well the +6 is just a minimum
"Bullshit, all the best clans recruit from public games! As a universal rule for any game, if a clan needs to spam recruiting messages, they're not very good."
That keyboard/touchpad device should be real productive. I may not have Audio working yet but I have it set up as my office computer! It's in the books.
"yeah the Amazon search is definitely never wrong and will never return matches that has no relevance to what you are looking for ever Damn, Corsair is branching out a bit"
"Ya, it is really unfortunate that American history is so shallow and uncultured that we have to choose a trivial event like a historical wrestling match that broke social barriers between settlers and natives as a seal. I'm sorry but admitting that your city seal is literally just a picture of a sports match happening and that this somehow represents the city is somehow so much more stupid than just plain racism."
"Obviously with the 103mm it makes sense to run bionics, spall liner and enhanced suspension. Binocs on a medium?"
"My fiancee's comment: ""If they'd gotten into a better bowl they would have tried harder."" Bob Stoops complained about not getting into a better bowl--after losing the bowl in which OU played."
"you dropped this, Well the Couturier thing is atleast debatable after the drafting of Rubtsov."
nerd alert Light-year is a unit of length.
This is gonna be a fun Olympics. Australian Paralympian Liesl Tesch robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro
Jesus Christ yeah no one can be ever be genuine unless they agree with me on all things He'll only do that to court Berners. All the words will be hollow and bull shit
"Now I'm going to stop using it because of that! Not really. Flash grenades, mainly, but nobody uses them, and the inability to clealy see friend or foe, but I rarely have any problems there. Wait, I know! So you don't have the damn thing untoggling randomly all the time."
"Surely nothing like this would ever happen with Hillary in office, because she knows how to get stuff done. Republicans already opposing any Obama Supreme Court nomination"
"Oh no, I think your mistaken I score my anime in reverse so a 1 actually means a 10 Shitcom is a masterpiece! How could you score it a 1 out of 10!?"
Chaox So who are nV gonna get for ADC?
"It's actually painted on Boobs and clothing don't work like that! Unless there's ""tubes"" sewn into the jacket to slip the girls into, the jacket should not be flush with the skin like that! Also that zipper has to be murder on the underboob"
"Patriarchy made her do it, make her president at once you cis scum. Men are violent! Woman murders child services worker after losing custody"
"What Dissociative does 3meopcpnumberonefan recommend... Idk, probably Ketamine. I just can't help myself. :p Will definitely get ahold of some eventually. What do you recommend?"
"Don't forget the teacher's a FEMALE, you guys! Female teacher knees kid behind his back."
"Hey, the Republican party is important, it keeps the government's hands off my Medicaid. And yet more Republicans are on welfare."
"deer charlie, fuck yoself XDDDDDDDDD I'm gonna change this world. Gonna make Typhoon Cinema stop doing r34."
HE SHOULD HAVE JUST MINDED HIS OWN BUSINESS! Armed Customer Stops Armed Robber in Wisconsin
Then add it! Cystic fibrosis is generally already caused by a deletion in the CFTR gene.
"Runecrafting You come across a stack of 5-10M on the ground, which skill do you invest it in to get the most levels? Doesn't necessarily need to be profitable or useful, but it certainly can be. What would you invest in?"
"Oh geez that would have been a perfect time to take a picture, i don't think anyone brought a camera though Does anybody have a picture of Conor holding the tiltes?"
Este es el problema con el gobierno paternalista... uno quiere laburar y le meten trabas por todos lados. Rescatan? si los tipos venian a trabajar que caraojo.
Don't tell me how to life my life! We get it. 16gb sucks. Instead of flooding the subreddit go here.
But opinions like 'nuke the cockroaches' and 'these un-evolved people' are things that we can post online. Can we please stop this trend of people posting saying they misread the article or headline? These are things you think in your head and don't post online because nobody fucking cares.
"Don't forget the fedora! Guys, it's true what they say about women loving a nice suit. Go buy one. A few weeks ago, I went to a party, and I wore a nice suit. I got so many compliments. Women left and right were saying how handsome I looked. It was awesome. Then, just yesterday, I was wearing the same suit for an event. And, as I was walking down the street, a woman driving by rolled down her window and called out to me ""You look great in that suit."" I never get compliments like that. Ever. But, throw on that suit, and I get it from random ladies on the street. Feels good. Guys, buy a nice suit."
"President duterte is the what number of president? I'm having a conversation with a friend when out of the blue he asked me this question: Anong English ng ""Pang ilang presidente ng Pilipinas si Duterte?"" It made me struggle for awhile and eventually gave up. Anyone who can give the closest translation?"
"Yea dui at 21 means when someone is 40 they should be denied entry Personally, I think a DUI is more than a legitimate reason to deny someone entry."
DONT CALL HER THAT! I'm pretty sure Used to Love Her by GnR was written about a dog.
THE MATH JUST DOESN'T ADD UP MAN. Horsepower=(torque x rpm)/ 5252. I'd say horsepower and torque are pretty well related...
"Wouldn't Asomugha be a ""Dream Team"" Eagles Great? I was hoping for Nnamdi Asomugha when they said ""Raider Great"""
"Hey, hey, heeeyyyy... calm down. I'd have told that guy to shut the fuck up too."
"In Highschool, there were so many times where in History Class where we learned of the beliefs of Christanity and Jesus, and how it impacted the Roman Empire and spread around the world, they also taught is in World History about why the Puritans came to America etc.....When the same happens in a Public school to Islam.....well... Yes, I think it's time to file a lawsuit - ""Public School forced my child to convert to Christanity"". Lawsuit: Public school forced my child to convert to Islam"
"BUT HE'S A PIECE OF SHIT OFF THE FIELD AND IT MAKES ME NOT WANT TO CHEER FOR HIM BUT HE'S A GOOD PLAYER SO I WANT TO BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO EMOTION That's how I saw it. A fight happened. They're both shitheads and attacked each other. She took the money and ran. Hardy waited for his suspension to be over and now they are both moving on with their lives. Well, at least until today. I doubt both Hardy and Holder want to go and revisit this incident again. Hardy hasn't done anything while on the Cowboys that deserves him to be cut. But like the ray rice outrage people won't give it a rest until he's out of a job."
"He hired a woman so he could pay her less than a man Like The Donald said, ""I will hire the best and brightest!"" It does not matter if they are women, black, etc. He is not racist, misogynist, homophobic."
Hooray dual core snapdragon S4s Yep. Graphics count for nothing if it's done at the expense of appalling framerate.
"Nice video, no POV, 10/10. I've never flicked someone this hard."
The sign CLEARLY says opening soon! I honestly don't mean to sound rude ... have you ever seen a construction project completed on time ?
"I don't know man, Blacker the Berry doesn't have shit on Blank Space I mean, I actually don't like her music though. I like a lot of pop music, but much of what T Swift does is like the prime example of what I don't like about current radio pop. Everything from the way it's mixed to how it works structurally. Maybe I'm being unfair? But I can certainly say 1989 is not a better album than To Pimp a Butterfly."
better add a wow nice hero models dotards!! league so much better
How anti Islamic of you. Sports are anti Islamic now?
"Dividing the player base on every server, sounds like a good idea Make an adult version for League of Legends Im not the only one who gets older. i played this game since i was 17, that was 4 and a half years ago. and im not the only one who is getting older. there are going to be more and more adults playing the game since all the kids are going to grow up some day. so please do an adult Server: - no more chat restrictions / rules - no more skin restrictions / rules (graves can have a cigar and not every skin needs to have clothes you know..) think about it: it would be a much better environment. even the amount of afks ingame would be much lower. (this is very good for all the lower elo players) in order to make an account you have to show your ID-Card and strong surveillance to make sure that this is infact your ID-Card and not a fake one. and dont say ""yeah but we have Dota for adults"" because i really dont want to learn a new game. besides.. i dont like to have a turn rate"
And the Oscar goes to Steelers have ruled out WR Antonio Brown.
i cant think of any recent examples When has democracy failed?
Isn't a foggy headlight when most Porsche owners sell and buy a new one? It is on a Porsche 996 mkII
"Girls don't go to the gym to work out, they go to be seen and be our eye candy have you considered that maybe she just went to the gym to workout and not try to get hit on by some random dudes who she doesn't care about?"
DEFINITELY not having sex in the bathroom. Whats the biggest thing you've gotten away with at school?(possible NSFW)
"They oversized the heat sink just in case. Despite the fact that the XBox One's significantly larger, it still requires an external power pack. What."
Are you trying to tell me you think your banana has more stopping power? Your banana is chambered in 9mm? Mine's in .45 ACP.
I heard Bernie Sanders voted against a bill that made it legal to sue knife manufacturers when their knives are used in mass amputations A woman had cut off her husbands hand maliciously and was facing time and a divorce. She wanted me to help her sue the knife manufacture for damages. Walking to work at the moment I could probably let you know a few more if you are interested. Source work in law firm in Cleveland ohio
"Turn it into a smoothie and make them drink it. Good call on the Ouija board, I agree."
Anti Zionist Most of these anti-Jewish protests occur during the Hebrew peoples religious times.
"Yeah tonight was a totally boring episode, 2/10 no suspense, no action, would not watch again. Haha well tonight's episode was extremely slow. Gotta keep em hooked! About as cheap as showing the dragon flying over KL in the trailer"
I'll be there with bells on. What phrase or slang will you never stop using no matter how old it gets?
"I suppose he should be punished for having someone pull a gun on him. Pulled the barrel of the gun to his head and said ""I ain't afraid"""
If you can't get 2 for 1's you need to go back to the range 1. 2. 3. ... 51 plus 1 plus the one in my pocket.. 53 Head shots is the best I can to.
Perfect...teach kids to bring guns to school WTF PSA!?!?
"She's obviously distraught because he's a righteous man and will attain a skin of whiteness soon, meaning he'll lose those awesome moves too. MRW I show TBM wife what the prophets think about our interracial marriage."
"So as long as I cheat and win and never get caught, I'm good? I can't find the article but basically the mothership had a piece done by Nicol Bolas (in his perspective) where he talked about sportsmanship. He had one section on cheating that basically went like this: * If you win by playing fair, you've won. * If you cheat and win, you've won as well. Nothing special has happened. * If you lose, you're a loser. But you can always try again and learn from your mistakes. You can always get revenge. * If you cheat and lose, you probably got caught. And if you got caught, you're now known as a cheater. Any previous victories are now null and void, even if you didn't cheat then, and you'll never get a chance for redemption because no one will want to play against you. You get no revenge or satisfaction. Thus, Bolas proclaimed, it's not worth it to cheat. Just play fair and crush your enemies with overwhelming strength."
"They can 1v1 me if they wanna talk shit bro. I too love it, but be careful, apparently stating liking for them is a ""no no"" around here."
Well you pay for it by laying off all public servants ... and then once we realize that UBI would pay out a ton of money to people who don't need it we means test it with the staff we don't have anymore because we laid them off .... Did I miss the part where they said how it's paid for? The Comment was accurate.
"Because wasting 200 hours instead of 5 is soooo *noble* Except, I dunno...a sense of integrity and sportsmanship?"
But no one else is using it I haven't even typed in a password...
"That high dmg team comp with 3 infernal drakes definitely scripted You can't give away all of those infernal drakes, especially against immortals."
"I probably should have put this: I doubt that would do anything, the vast majority of the playerbase no longer needs Nitain anymore."
Yeah should have put Really? I'd have to disagree. I'd say his ability to handle the Clipper's blitz defense was a key reason that they were able to blow them out.
Obviously Christians have a monopoly on love; any rejection of Christianity is inherently hateful A bigger question here is why do you see hate in what he typed? There is no hate there. Do you see hate because he was commenting against a Christian? That's not hate.
"That makes him smart. To be fair, trump has no idea how policy works."
The system works. New DNA test could exonerate man convicted of 1978 rape. State has proof that he is innocent.
My team either win or lose so the chances are 50% There is a 93.75% chance that your favorite team won't win. The odds are not in your favor.
*Teenager voice* Ugg... fine... join the main thread? There's still a good chance to answer nature's call :D
Yeah I'm not forgetting our excellent record last season either. You seem to be forgetting Liverpools excellent record when Suarez was absent. We had a brilliant start in 13/14 when Suarez was banned.
Oh man.. Millions TIL: LEGO Is Investing Millions To Ditch Their Oil-Based Plastics In Search Of Environmentally Friendly Alternative
Don't you know cemeteries are prohibited to the living? Uhm yea
"We all make mistakes and say the wrong thing.. he's really a very nice fellow trying to do what's best in the difficult role of most powerful dude on the Planet Yes, let's talk about all the universally-accepted-as-great things he's done recently. I'll go first."
"Yeah I bet that whole free tavern brawl feature was them price gouging and not creating fresh new weekly content for free-to-play players, it probably was super trivial to implement too This will never change while people continue to fork over millions of dollars for the game as it is. We don't give them enough incentive to fix things. I know this is an unpopular opinion but maybe spending money on things like hero avatars and thousands of packs for gold cards is actively rewarding Blizzard for having terrible priorities... I bought TGT because I was new to the game and knew very little about Blizzard's history. I'm not spending any more money on a game that gets zero love from the dev outside of new ways to price gauge. I'm sure they are ""looking into"" the deck slot issue though."
"dats racist! Somehow this has to be whitelash right? I mean, this is CNN the holy after all. They heart blacks."
"""Lol I piss on those few thousand dollars"" sounds about right Meh, spoke with Neo before final, there were all exhausted and didn't even want to play. GG anyway, no strong conclusions should be drawn from that BO5."
"If it's too loud, you're too old! Should be socially unacceptable to have your iPod earphones at a volume in which other people can hear you."
ahh missed the I was being critical of the post? It's silly to think rich horde money. They invest it some fashion.
"That cash would have made up that other $.30 on the dollar. I was expecting something to do with patricary, Or at the very least fuck you, but just pure white noise? What was she thinking?"
He's just being real fam! Why is he being a dick
#comic sans master race Silent Hill HD Collection uses Comic Sans
It's like they don't want the chargers to move. LA putting Broncos vs Titans on instead of Chargers... For fucks sake. Whyy
"you deserve it for oppressing their faith So it happened to me, my Darwin fish got broken and my car vandalized."
"Well it makes sense given all the people, aside from ISIS, getting rich off of it. he probably thinks that the syrian civil war is because of US bankers."
"An end to my meaningless life **CRAAAWLING IIIIN MY SKIIIIN** Reddit, what do you want for christmas?"
"Voldemort was Harry's father and they go magic Star Wars. If you could change anything about the Harry Potter story line, what would it be?"
"[Option C at the end] I've completed the story, but never seen that vehicle. Can you spoiler tag it?"
"Of course we *do* care, but the shareholder value is way more important. Is it because we'll be dead by then? Is that why we don't really care? It seems like many of the really dire scenarios for environmental collapse are for ""the end of the century"", so 2100 or so. Anyone who is an adult now won't live that long, and even most of the babies being born right now won't make it quite that far. Is that why we don't *really* act, most of us? Because we won't see the worst of it. Of course, things are falling apart faster than predicted, but most people are unaware of it."
yeah man i really can't stand this 70 degree weather. To those who live in warmer climates. I'm sorry you can't experience this satisfaction.
Luckily they upgraded to glorious nippon steel so they could use straight edged blades instead of curved ones. I wonder how many poor saps had to experience the flat blade prototypes.
"I have bad teeth, I must be a genius! Good engineer friend of mine is the smartest guy I know. Very intelligent. His teeth are rotten as hell."
"OMG YOU USED THE WORD TOON TWICE IN THIS COMMENT DOWNVOTED Delete and remake this post and change ""toon"" by ""character"" in the title, people are petty enough to downvote just because they dislike the word ""toon""."
"More evidence showing we can trust corporations to do the right thing, be responsible, have accountability, etc. Idaho officials: Prison takeover had 'challenges'"
Jump would NEVER do that Publishers could be pressuring him to keep the series going.
Fine make ME do the work Tons of things. Laptop battery packs is one off the top of my head. Just Google it if you want to know more
"A God that requires this from you is certainly worthy of your worship. Religious Man Who Believes His Daughter's Shirt is Satanic Roasts Family Dog on BBQ Pit, he says because ""it had to be either himself, his firstborn 6-year-old son or the family dog."""
"The slomo grunt kills were epic ""check out my grunt killing montage"""
This is definitely 100% a quality post 10/10 WE WANT MODS BACK!
"Same goes for driving drunk Once you are used to it, it's fine. I used to smoke joints while driving all the time. When I first started smoking though, I drove home right after and it was the most insane drive ever. My feet went numb and the road seemed like it went on forever lol. But like I said, once you are used to being high, driving isn't a problem."
"it's his first ammendment right to troll This has to be a troll. There is not one verysmart person who doesn't know that the first amendment applies to the government preventing the speech of citizens. That's like, their absolute favorite fact to make it sound like they know constitutional stuff."
"I'm sure after this statement and recent events in Ukraine, Russians in Baltics are much more welcome now. The Foreign Ministry of Russia called for the protection of the rights of Russian-speaking population of the Baltic States"
"Yeah, all criminal defense lawyers are a plague on society then By helping getting OJ off he is partly responsible for the crimes that he has committed since then."
"get some airpods I'm pretty sure it won't. I stream all my TV/Films from Plex on my Mac to the TV+Chromecast via the Plex app on my phone. I'd say 50% of the time I want to use headphones which means traipsing a cable across my living room from the TV to to sofa which is not ideal. I was hoping I could split the audio from the TV to go to the HiFi and my old iPod with Airplay. Then if I want to use my headphones I just plug them into my phone in my pocket and connect to the iPod via Airplay. I don't have any plug sockets near the sofa, so unless 1) a Chromecast audio is battery powered and crucially 2) you can send a plex video to 2 sources simultaneously another CC will not work."
He's a sock puppet of his financial backers So he'll be dead in a year? Or that he's 300 guys from 4chan?
"Yeah lets hurt the ufc by showing that those fighters cant pull numbers, it will probably be better for them. An idea to hurt the UFC"
tough choice I like that the first image has bidding in GBP. Some neckbeard is going to have to choose between pony sex and tendies.
"Don't attack their religious liberty! ""I think I should be able to force my religion on my employees, so I should be able to violate laws"" I swear... if the JW's tried to not cover blood transfusions for employees people would think it was crazy."
Hopefully they'll be dry enough to smoke Preach. Hopefully they'll have all died off by the next election
good thing she has edmond to correct it Glendale is not working for her. Her striking was exposed.
"I am still using dial up, you guys have it better. My local provider gives me 10/0.5 and I get 7/0.5 the majority of the time. You have it good."
Yea and that Canadians are making 80 cents to every Dollar compared to Americans! That women make 77 cents per dollar compared to men.
"Surely the unbiased news subs of reddit are for that! I wonder the same thing, but it is better than being completely uninformed."
"What, we don't *do it* for you? What are some other Satanic online forums?"
"No, it just invented *third-wave* feminism. I'm fairly sure the prevailing attitude is that the term *was* coined by whatever internet community they want to mock-- notwithstanding the fact that, as we know here, the term has roots much deeper than that. I've seen this happen with a lot of concepts and terms that tend to get lumped in with what people view as ""tumblr discourse""-- they get reimagined as internet neologisms, and then mocked on that level. Things like the concept of privilege, and the checking thereof. Or the term ""hypermasculinity"". Hell, sometimes people act like tumblr fucking invented feminism."
"yea, only takes like most your life Them downvotes. 2k total is stupidly easy to get, but everyone in this subreddit sucks."
"Yeah we would have been better off with McCain or Romney My uaw supported Obama in both 08 and 12, and he's no friend to the worker. I fear Hillary will be more of the same."
I'm sure his next cards were Rocket and Mirror and that's how he stopped it. Puzzle - Stop this push!
I dropped something. Really? You asked if I was referring to a sex toy.
You dont say! U did the right thing XD :) sorry :( I don't know the voice actor :I :'(
"Because Vice Presidents have *so* much power. Mike ""Christian Sharia"" Pence is scarier than Donald Trump"
The bodycam footage is fake! Their supporters are going to say dumb conspiritard shit regardless.
"I'm sure they'll find other markets for their products, I can already see how Germany, UK and US will rearm them self with Ukrainian produced weaponry. UkrOboronProm ceased arms supplies to Russia"
Further evidence that the players are just speed bumps in Saban's quest for immortality What about player saftey?!?!?!
"Semantics. You try playing without 12 starters, including your Heisman quality QB and first rounder WR and see how well you fare. Down a safety, a corner, both linebackers, a DE, 3 OL, 3 WRs and a QB. Oh, and just for fun, our starting deep snapper broke his leg. Shit's hard out there for a Frog, bro."
Because he knows he'll be mentioned in that thread and his ego isn't ready for it yet. Why not
"""But rape culture isn't a real thing people!"" ""If you could do one illegal thing (legally) for the rest of your life, what would it be?"" ""jailbait"""
Original. I'm pretty sure your thinking of that thing in Detroit.
"You do have to look out for other people, they're out to get you. I've been there. No one helped me, even though I really needed it. You have to look out for other people."
Don't want to rub off that wenton signature Would using a signed mouse pad effect tracking? I am planning to get my mousepad signed when I go to Cologne and I was wondering if I would still be able to use it afterwards?
"That's why 24fps is so cinematic, it lets your mind fill in the gaps! why not just switch a game to 1080p, ultra detail, and walk around. sure, it'll be 3fps or so but you can see the detail i'm sure. now imagine it smooth"
"Remember that time you said you were just out with some friends but you we're actually fucking that one guy you had crush on from high school....wasn't that hilarious. People in long term relationships, what do you talk about with your partner after years of being together?"
"Nor beer hall putsch, amirite? Monarchs are chosen by divine will, not by CIA appointment."
"Yeah, fuck them! You guys seriously think they did this themselves? No double they simply paid for and transferred the content whole from somewhere else."
she is obviously paid by big pharma to say those things Mom changes her mind on vaccines a week before all SEVEN of her kids get whooping cough.
Because cheaters have standards. I don't understand - if you're going to cheat why not just do the whole infinite health thing?
"It's not intolerant if only everyone just believed the same thing I do Sadly, a lot of people actually think that."
"But the supplies it takes makes it balanced! 25 kills an hour, 100k+ profit per kill on average"
"Oh no, my precious one second is now lost forever. Gaben Talks about deleting Team Fotress 2 in a video call."
But he runs fast and can't help it Gareth Bale's dive and 5th booking of the year for simulation.
"Because school is LITERALLY just a social gathering School is controlling you, wake up sheeple!"
"Well, to be fair, they're only alienating ~40% and endearing ~40% of their audience The problem isn't with politics talk itself, the subject warrants discussion, especially with the upcoming election. The problem is that politics talk on PKA is often uninformed, based on stuff they saw on reddit, not representative of the political spectrum, thus creating an echo chamber. All three of the hosts are anti-Hillary, two are pro-Trump, so when they shit on Hillary it pisses us democrats off, because without realizing it, they're alienating half of their audience from the US."
"Oh no, this is just Western opinion, let's be open minded and hear the alternate view of events! That poor country is so fucked."
"We Back! Welcome Back To The Win Column, 'Canes!"
Groundwater contamination has its consequences. Nebraska Woman Files Federal Lawsuit Against All Homosexuals
"Come on, you gotta send in the marine! I just found out about him Ron Crumpton yesterday, because I wanted to know who is running against Shelby. Shelby's recent ads have inspired me to vote against him. Everything I've seen from Shelby has been negative."
"I thought you were mostly in your teens now Seahawk fans are 12 years old. It's stale and tired. Get topical, call us cheaters."
"B-but I'm in bronze because my team is dragging me down, I should be Challenger! Youll finish promos in challenger. Then you will get reported every game for feed noob and account deleted in half a second. Nah I actually think he cant duo with you"
"Wow so cissexist I literally can't even. TIL there is a masculine brain, and that men and women really can run different disease risks because of the differences in their brain development which has lead to gender specific treatment."
Factory recall! They should reconsider this Topps card...
"Nuh-uh, that's not how it works in GTA A lot. Your hood can flip over and bust out your windshield at those speeds."
Quick some buddy kill him so he doesn't pick us to win next year. The real FMVP was... Stephen A Smith?
hey they can't have us actually accruing high end items and more than 70 phoenix credits per day or we might accidentally get some usable kit from grinding every week I noticed it right away. i think they upped their armor and maybe all challenging missions because people were farming them. Not sure.
Your baby is an attention whore. My best friend's baby met her first puppy
"There you are making your assumptions against ""His proven word"" I was referring to our solar system, naturally."
"That he only has one weakness, committing fouls Am I supposed to walk away with something here?"
Wow i thought i was the only one not sattisfied with the our clubs performance this season. We have too many pussies and average players in the current squad
"they should take the dog in for questioning Difference is: the cat can be untaped, but the chihuahua cant be uncooked, so if the police get there and see the dog is alright, obviously the dog was never in danger"
I'm already looking at draft prospects with all the money we'll save getting rid of Rose. Hopefully not everyone over reacts right now.
"Yeah, I was too... I don't know what these fools above me are talking about! I was talking about the guy the bucks had on the court for the free throw contest that was on fire. But for Monroe I think he could. But someone from the center position has to leave by next year"
"Yeah OP, why were you such an asshole? Wow. That is so mean."
they invested in bitcoin How do people that I assume are so unsuccessful in life manage to afford something like this?
"It was me, Kain controlled by Golbez controlled by Zemus the whole time! I thought FFIV's man behind the man behind the man twists were a little much the first times I played it."
"Well math is a subset of economics so figuring out how much delta v to get to the mun is economics I don't really play persistent games anymore, except on pity dates with Wumbo, but my favourites are still Kerbal Space Program (as an economist I sometimes get the urge to do *real* science) and Red Orchestra 2 (because of the damn Bolshevik scum and their scheiss Rote Armee **DU SCHWIMMST NOCH HEUTE IN DER VOLGA, IWAN!**)."
"you missed an Arwind Kejriwal, Sitaram Yechury, Rahul Gandhi and our debutant Mr Kanhaiya Kumar."
"At least he's getting radiotherapy Meanwhile, getting bombarded with cosmic radiation from deep space shortening his lifespan by speeding up damage to his telomeres. The human body did not evolve to live in space."
"What are you talking about, this is just a hyper realistic interpretation of Vault boy with deadly amounts of rads. Fuck man. Is this real? Because that person needs to get that shit done over badddddddddddddd"
"That's assault and she should be fired from her job, publicly shamed and jailed for a year minimum Reporter gets licked on Live TV"
"People need to write a strongly worded letter to their representatives. It will fly. The only way that it won't is if people go out and demand that they be held accountable, and that isn't accomplished by going out to the designated free speech zone and singing kumbya."
"Yes, I'm sure that's *exactly* what she did. Um, I think Bernie was the first and loudest to criticize this. Knowing Hillary, she probably lobbied with the democratic senator's daughter to raise the prices so her cronies could benefit at the expense of the 99%."
"Just like selling drugs! If they were going to buy a console anyways, you got the money which will then ""somehow"" get into Gaben's wallet."
username checks out I never notice that someone's username is relevant or checks out until someone points it out.
This changes *everything*. Iraq joins Iran in opposing U.S.-led military strike in Syria
"No wallbang, no upvote FG steal I had. Thought it was pretty cool."
"More clown headgear pls. Straw Poll: Would you like Ubisoft to implement more ""realistic"" headgears/uniforms or more ""cute"" headgears/uniforms?"
Not playing the alphas is just collected cuckery. Flavor fail that this can't be put onto the battlefield by [[Collected Company]]...
MonsterEnergyTM Can you please list some of them? I have a hard time believing that there's cognitive enhancers that work anywhere NEAR as well as amphetamines and can't be tested for.
Man seeing Goku in Smash really makes me wish that Ryu made it in. Goku in Sm4sh (Beta)
"Yes, that was Clovers tend to grow in grassy areas. I assume you're joking though."
"Well, they *chose* to be homeless! This year, we cut $75 million in homeless veteran benefits, but promised $27.4 million for NASCAR sponsorships"
or the same person... Just make sure they aren't related and you'll be fine.
"Hey I have 100M in the bank, what should I spent it on? Can people on this sub stop flaunting there money and stop asking what to buy Buy whatever the Hell makes you happy! Quit asking mother reddit for approval"
"but its a swaggy hip and modern app, apps make everything better So you queue up with random people you know nothing about to play? So its basically Matchmaking?"
"because ""everything is an object"" I know there were important issues but the fact that sound is still as screwed up as it it really bothers me. That and the fact that when they took away `/dev/dsp` it broke a shit-ton of software. I don't understand why they're getting away from the ""everything is a file"" philosophy."
"You forgot the Exactly. That's why Mitchell got massive fines, lost draft picks and doesn't get to play in the finals this year even though there's no direct evidence of him making any such gesture."
Nah it was a chimp not a grizzly! Yeah I remember that woman. Still grisly as fuck.
That's never happened... Like we've seen you assuming stuff from previous Colin statements? Yeah...
"Yeah and it's not like Trump ever changes his views every three days Trump thinks climate change is fake, invented by the Chinese, vaccines might cause autism, Muslims should be banned from entering the US, torture is okay, and we should kill the families of terrorists. But let's vote for him anyway because Clinton has changed her stance in the past? Count me out. I care about issues. Even if I cared about the personalities of the candidates, Trump still loses. Everything about his character is what I and others strive not to be."
"What refugees? They don't even mention the refugees in the state news unless its about rape, prostitution, or drugs. Anything that degrade the refugees"
"This can't be right, all police are evil Our car broke down on the side of the road and this officer stopped to check on us. He waited with us for the tow truck to arrive, gave my kids little badge tattoos, and then sent this in the mail."
Well he's the marriage expert after all... Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy: Same-sex marriage should be scrapped
And I was so sure it was going to be intelligent conversation. i give up trying to converse with you. Good day.
"Pssh, of course you sheep would believe those government lies. or maybe he just died of normal causes. Just get the coroner's report before all these suppositions."
"Just like you guys don't know how to show your emotions, you know nothing about hairstyles either. Because they have to let the barbers know how to fix their man's hair. Duh. We're too stupid to know how."
"The small dick/big truck thing NEVER gets old. Oh man, this joke has always been hilarious. Those IDIOTS who buy trucks are so dumb, amirite?"
"It's not incompetence or bullshit, it's all because of those damn white and south Asian men! SRS ""IT professional"" can't figure out how to unlock her own workstation. Blames sexism."
"Yes, because one kid can really represent a whole country. I guess racism is alive and kicking in the US, sad."
"Yeah the roster changes of seraph to Zion and dexter to xmithie didn't have anything to do with it. also prolly is not the best coach in the west, wtf? He started coaching h2k in the preseason, and they went like 0-4 the first couple weeks of lcs. What changed h2k into a winning team was kasing not fucking prolly. Scarra is more deserving of the title of the best coach in the west. He turned a team that almost got relegated into a top 2 na team."
It smells wonderful! Torn cvj boot. Replace boot if cvj isn't broken. If cvj is broken whole shaft. If you do replace just the boot clean thoroughly with parts cleaner or diesel fuel to remove any contaminate. The repack with cv joint grease. Wear some rubber gloves as it's nasty grease.
Wonderful use of language and straight to the point Can I get a hello first? He gave my vagina a new name.
Just another bug I've never seen in a COD game. Invisible Molly bug wins round.
Oh well time to find a new game ruined my interface with this terrible update so now the wealth/bonds/coins icon are forced? no way to remove.
"Yeah, but Hillary was just as bad. Trump to scrap NASA climate research in crackdown on ""politicized science"""
"Well now I feel confident in his ability to lead this country Yeah, in the Republican debate last night he decided to assure everyone that he's well endowed..."
"That's imposible! Brussels attacks raids uncover ""alarming"" evidence of Europe-wide jihadist cell"
Nah Brady is just a system QB Yea.... The patriots look pretty bad without Brady
Maybe they passed through it while Fast Traveling somewhere on the map... Seems Legit
a true model American..... Alton Sterling spending some quality time with his kids
Your moms a pansy. I feel that all the time. No offense to anyone but i feel like this generation is spoiled and filled with pansies.
"No I don't, it's unbelievable because he's such a superhuman level of good right now. It's RG3, do you guys honestly believe he went a game without scoring a touchdown in high school?"
His voice is so dreamy. R.I.P. to Justin Bieber's Career as of today (2009-2014)
That sounds like fun and entertaining gameplay New Killer Meta
"Yeah those dirty lib Californians definitely shouldn't have their vote matter! California can flood the popular vote all they want but if you lose the heartland of america, you deserve to lose the election."
"there are still only like 30 people up there... right? Population change in Canada, 1901-2001"
"Come on, if a Democrat made the decision, it was obviously the wrong decision. I'm confused, I'm supposed to be outraged at the deal made with Iran, but I'm supposed to be outraged that no deal was made with Libya?"
"If I will look like that, sign me up! This looks like a before and after smoking warning."
"This is for the Leafs, right? The Calgary Tower is lit up blue and white tonight!(cellphone)"
Wow finally an idea that hasn't been suggested a thousand times! Have a game mode where each time you die you become a different champion. Rito please.
"Where did he let loose his companion? The Doctor looses his companion (again), so the Council of Ricks give him one Morty, how long can the Doctor keep a Morty?"
"Ask any cop about drugs - they'll give you a reasonable and non-biased answer backed up by hard science. ""nobody dies from marijuana"" Statement is pure bullshit ask any cop. How many heroin users started with pot?"
WHEEL OF JUSTICE! Lucic punches a referee
CS:GO Please Gaben stattrak music kits! What's your favourite video game soundtrack?
That's because seeing a girls butt would cause all the males to go on an uncontrollable sexual rampage Oh don't worry they usually show nudity in movies in the US. :D It's just only guys bums and that's all. Anything else is deemed inappropriate :S And yet there is all this talk of equality and stuff yet I never see a cute girls bum in the movies on tv. :P
Or switch the person's name to something other than Amber Amber alerts on cell phones tell kidnappers when they need to switch cars
"Before I looked at edgic I was sure that Lucy was going to win, but now edgic has ruined that for me So you're saying Lucy doesn't have a winner's edit? Fucking edgic ruins everything."
"the Hockey Sweater Books about the Leafs Hello, I've drawn someone in a Secret Santa amongst my mates at school and he is a rather large leafs fan and given that the Leafs are one of the more storied clubs of the NHL I was wonderinf if anyone could recommend some books for me to possibly get him that deal with the history of the franchise, or in some way are steeped in Maple Leaf-ness. Cheers"
TW: Waste of good nail polish :P I have no idea what to TW it as either! TW: Fake Menstrual Blood? Lol
Fucking race traitors Is it me or does all of this white people hate come from white people?
"Dude you're supposed to explain them politely why they're wrong when they are about to decapitate with a steak knife,Duh! Holy crap, you really are mentally ill. So, is it racist when they bomb us? I would love to see you talk to them. See how reasoning and ""everyone is special in their own way"" works when they put a bullet in your head. Look at the world outside, try leaving your house once in a while."
"Yeah, all dogs can do that. Apparently the landlord claimed that it was the dog that smeared peanut butter on his penis."
"Thanks to both of you for backing up your thoughts I'm going to make a counter argument to yours that is just as thorough: No, they are not."
"Nos estas tratando de indios? Doubt there are many neuqinos on Reddit. Maybe i'm wrong. Probably less that speak english. I spent two years as a missionary in Rawson, Villa Regina, Cutral-Co, Bariloche, and Neuquen. Love the people and the place. Wish I could go back and live there."
I'm pretty sure Islam is a country Islam is a religion*
uplay masterrace steam
But then how will we understand his agenda? Do not rate responses.
"Yeah, because you totally get more privilege as a trans woman than you do as a gay man. ""They claim to be accepting of trans people but then they forget that most transgendered women are uncomfortable with their gender due to their attraction of men, thus they want to fuck cis or trans men, not women."" Maybe I'm misreading, but... no? Transwomen are uncomfortable with their gender because they experience dysphoria, not because of who they're attracted to."
that's what the new gun control laws are for. Is it something they're trying to fix at least?
"They watch subtitles on tv to learn. ELI5: Is there a common technique in place used by foreign coaches/players to learn the local language quickly after a transfer? Take Louis Van Gaal, Manuel Pellegrini, Angel Di Maria and Alexis Sanchez as examples. Are they assigned a language coach or do they pick it up from local teammates? This process must be especially crucial for a foreign coach."
"""Yeah of course"" Come on, what other kind of question is there? Being an annoying English Major sure does come in handy."
"Obviously a woman can't be a murderer! I do. I'm not 100% and never will be, but I'm on the guilty side. As I got older, the actual trial and why and how she was acquitted have become my primary source of interest in the case."
"You have to be muslim to be a terrorist, duh Aren't the people terrorizing the innocent civilians the ""terrorists""?"
We need Gurly! Jerick McKinnon run against the Bills. Longest they've allowed all year.
"Russian Bias! Target fixation leads to an ""I shouldn't be alive"" moment in the MiG-21"
"CLEEEEAAAARLY the only thing taken into account here was the race, nothing else, the white judge in Texas HAS to be racist, no other variables at play here AT all. TIL In 2007, a black girl in Paris, Texas was sentenced to up to seven years in a juvenile prison for shoving a teacher's aide at school, while a white girl was sentenced by the same judge to probation for burning down her parents' house."
I think it needs more butter Perfect Mashed Potatoes
"Yeah, because those are the only two options. We'll just get rid of free trade and then they won't even have jobs. Problem solved."
"Yeah, going medieval Catholic church on climate change skeptics is what this country is all about. Scientist Demands Federal Investigation of Climate Change Skeptics"
"Typical cockroach answer As entertaining as he was to watch on Dragons' Den from time to time, he really seems like one of the worst people in the world. He's the epitome of a selfish capitalist who will step on whoever he needs to step on to make a buck."
"Just reading ""Thug"" felt too real Why? Everyone knows racism doesn't exist in America."
"Oh, this guy is probably a web developer. We have not made progress in our intenet, it has regressed in performance for the sake of ads, malware ads, paywalls and fuck you we have features you'll never use but we'll shove down your throat."
I prefer Pakistan...oooooooh! India is a beautiful place to go to. Unless you're a woman.
Good thing she has you White Knight to protect her from the jerks. She's cute. Shame she's with a guy who plays a phone game in the middle of a date.
Capt Crunch intentionally cuts you up to allow the sugar to jump into your blood stream faster. Inspired by Capt Crunch
Diablo who? The game is honestly dead :(
Their guitarist was like...ok.. What a horrible band that became...Panama should have been their last song.
"But I saw a streamer play way too conservatively against it in a huge tournament and the patron player was able to do a huge combo because none of the pieces were forced out early, so obviously it was mad broken at all levels of play. sigh i miss patron"
"Do away with speed limits,stop signs,traffic signals and turning signals. TIL that in Finland, speeding ticket prices are calculated on the percentage of an individual's income. This results in millionaires facing exorbitant fees. One such case occurred in 2002 when a Nokia executive was fined $103,000 for going 45mph in a 30mph zone on his motorbike."
"still runs better than an xbox Have I ascended, my brethren?"
"Yeah, the USA should have closed their borders and built a wall, that way a man born in New York who lived most of his life in Florida never would have been able to commit such an act on their soil. Leave.EU poster stating that the UK will see ""Orlando-style atrocities"" here if we don't leave the EU."
"This is what real police work is like: A lot of checking your email and waiting... Ah yes fucking love this beta, just kidding my code doesn't even fucking work"
"Thats impressive for ilvl 270, i would like to see what kind of numbers ilvl 500+ can put out I do about 270k dps in ilvl 270 gear on average (also 2 pieces of tank gear still). Its usually not insane dps, but definitely in the middle. I'll pull ahead of frosties on thok, immerseus, and spoils usually. So its viable. Not amazing, but ive gone 11/14h and not relt like I was holding the team back. Just do 25's, more flexibility to pick a spec you enjoy"
Would have fit if the Pure had a Snapdragon 810. the fact that fire is the thumbnail is a bit misleading
"yea bro, that car screams humble My humble 325i"
Because you can't have more then one team you are a fan of. Flair checks out
Are you trying to say Garry does these things with his kids ? No more kids!
This can't be proved unless those women bring forward 4 male witnesses Systematic rape of Muslim schoolgirls during Partition of 1947 (Caution: Disturbing)
But but **Y**ou **O**nly **L**ove **O**celote right ? Become? They are already
"damn man, day 458 is when the rewards start getting worth it TFW lost 457 day login streak ._."
Didn't think I'd need this Open your eyes maybe
"Yea, he should have gotten medal of something! It's a very strange system that this type of crime gets you 160 years, which people in this thread seem to agree with."
"Sure, and while we're at it let's make the self bleed never take you below 1 hp Can Death's Dance self bleed not interrupt recall?"
"it's fine really, i always rush sightstone and deepward the enemy jungle so if he ever shows up i always have time to put on the tether preemptively i don't remember missing the slow in crucial moments either, guess im just that good You can miss the slow and the snare takes time. She does have some peel, I agree, but not any hard. I still love her there, but imagine that's the reason for the low win rate."
Low key haters trying to fuck with our cap space. Gronk Is Too Good to Be NFL's Highest Paid TE: Patriots Need to Pay Up
"But you have to have faith that you're proven facts are actually true like I have faith in a god! There is no such thing as a religion of science. Science is about determining facts, with demonstrable evidence, and basing conclusions on them. Religion claims things and then doesn't request or provide evidence to verify them. They are fundamentally different. Science helps us find solutions to our problems in the same way a car can get me across the country. Religion requires worship and no one worships their car ergo no ""religion of science""."
Not if you do it right. The most expensive prostitutes are the ones you marry.
"I'm bisexual and I've never heard this before, but I have called my partner's ass his ""shit pussy"", which he loves. Slang for asshole. Since gay bottoms don't have a pussy, they combine butt and pussy to make bussy. It's defined over at urban dictionary."
Definitely not the person's fault right for obliviously walking into traffic. With the people that developed a game with random spawns causing people to rush into traffic.
You mean to suggest that there are contradictions in the Bible? There are bible verses that say that people shouldn't be punished for the sins of their fathers. But most verses on that subject say that they should and will be be punished for the sins of their fathers (including right in the ten commandments).
A man magically stops being attracted to teenagers the moment he turns 18. Because normal men are attracted to 17 year olds and a pic of a naked 17 year old is child porn. He's also an idiot and doesn't know how to use cryptography.
Just duck in and out of cover with a controller and let auto aim snap onto them Show this to anyone who thinks they're good
Get outta here wit yo' rusty pipe socialism! All citizens will be given rusty pipes to fend off bandits.
"Clearly the nostalgia is weak in this one, cast them out! TBH, the 16-bit sprite look doesn't really work with cosmetic changes...Even when playing the original games, the pixels they called a character were never something to marvel over. Just something to identify who was who. Clearly, my opinion seems to be the minority but honestly I don't see the big deal in dress spheres. If the game were fully rendered and you could rotate the character around to see all the details, then yes, different costumes/gear-sets would be of value. But as it stands...not so much. So to directly answer your question, yes I think everyone should have multiple character wardrobes to begin with, because as far as I'm concerned, they are not worthy of event rewards...(you beat a high level boss? Congratulations, we will now remove a few pixels from Yuna's hair...) In fact, they should have a built in sprite editor and allow me to dress my characters as I see fit."
"They are Americas team broseph I live in NYC so naturally I see Giants games, but why in the hell do I have to see the damned Cowboys every week?"
"He drank out of the fountain from Tuck Everlasting at thirty years old. Good work man, that was a fun read. Do the comics or movies explain why Wolverine aged normally up until his 30's in the civil war and then he just proceeded to stay that age until the 2000's and then aged a little bit between The Wolverine and DOFP...? Also, next movie please put the mask on Wolverine, come on! Those last two pictures of comic book Wolverine are so badass."
TIL the 1977 500 was run in December 38 years ago today (4 December) Tom Sneva became the first driver to qualify for the Indy 500 at a speed greater than 200 mph
PATRIOTICS DUH U CUCK Who the hell wears a plate carrier for a run?
Where's the gun? That looks like a consensual deal. Never had that
"Hell, [a draenei rogue is pretty important to the Subtlety Artifact Quest.] i have never seen one in game. on the other hand there is plenty of draenei rogues in WOD"
Rossiter is clearly a superior player. what has Alberto got to do to get a game ?
Yeah the introduction of Secret Paladin didn't shake up the meta TGT it's not even close
How do you dare to say that you xenophobic bastard! Control and submission.
Does he get all the games My uncle works for Nintendo.
The only reason I can't One of the reasons why i cant do endless FG beyond level 100.
"well, if it werent for those pesky democrats being unreasonable, there wouldve been no need for a shutdown, would there? The last one cost 20 billion. Fiscal conservatives, my ass."
Using a pseudonym! Fuck the hive mind. Have the courage to quote what you want.
Because hating ppl we've never met is unheard of. Wtf? Hate everything about him? How could you have such horrible feelings towards someone youve never met?
"Wow she must be a really cool person if she coulden't find a SINGLE person with a negative opinion of her.. She came to me a few months after the fact saying that she needed a negative opinion of her for a paper, and she couldn't find one (try as she did). I spent the next few hours venting my entire hateful soul to her, everything I hated about her. She just cried and cried and cried. I don't feel bad at all, I wish I could have had another go. But you gotta let that shit go."
Why not egg him on an flip him off? Set it on cruise control at the speed limit or check your mirrors and get over to the left when it's safe to let the dick tailgating you past. My rule on the road is to do my absolute best to distance myself from drivers who seem to not be paying attention or driving irrationally.
"If rather do nothing myself, except mock others who do a small amount, to feel a little better about myself, but make the world slightly worse. Tired of seeing people mocking the French flag profile image filter for not defeating terrorism."
Well meme'd. This just seems like the same picture edited with some seasonal filters but I don't know enough about OP's bathroom to dispute it.
HE DISAGREES WITH OUR OPINIONS AND MAKES THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS OFF YOUTUBE WHAT A TWAT What did he do exactly?
"But without woodwinds, the people hundreds of feet away from the field are going to miss hearing those pretty flutes and clarinets! College bands still have those? \#allbrass"
"Right off the bat, they're driving on the wrong side of the road... so... Dang Dog Ditch"
"Yeah the people who invented Democracy did nothing to look up to The only ""Greeks"" I look up to were Macedonians...specifically Alexandar."
"Nobody would like cubing because of how bad the Rubik's 4x4 is. Imagine if the first ever rubik's cube was a 4x4... At your opinion, today it would be at the same position as the actual 3x3 ? I mean the main event, favorite event of everyone, lot of brands with lot of new cubes, lot of shapeshifting mods etc... And the 3x3 would be like the actual 2x2, just a easiest version with less hype... ?"
But they are helping the poor by trying to stop trump! A riddle for the ages.
"Yes, because gifs were used in the nineties instead of videos... Stop with the Gifs ffs, it's not the nineties any more. Upload the full video to youtube and give us a link."
Good idea but then the number for me would have been 1 every time... I saw it this weekend too but the number changed every match. It seemed like it corresponded to what place I was on the leaderboard when we loaded in. I remember seeing 3 and 5 and I'm pretty sure I was in those spots on the board when the match started.
"Yeah man when are they gonna put Paige in a title feud? Unfortunately, they have everything the WWE has ever wanted in it's female talent. They're hot, they have enough wrestling ability to get them by, and they're safe. Safe as in, they're not offensive or anything like the attitude's era of female wrestlers. It's quite clear the WWE doesn't want the females to actually be legit wrestlers. If they wanted that people like Natty and Paige would be the top of division. It really sucks and I honestly fear when any of the top four NXT females get called up, they're going to be forced into this same shit that Paige has had to deal with since moving to the main roster. It's very clear Total Divas is the prime reason WWE wants females on the roster and instead of being heel/face characters, it's give them all we're bat shit crazy because we're women. It's passe and boring. I just don't know when or how it will change."
I'd still ticket those scum bags because they know the law. One of the rare cases when an illegal U-Turn is ok.
someone finally realized all the power and money in the world doesnt matter if theres no one left alive to wield it over. U.S. President Barack Obama abruptly postponed a political trip he was to make on Wednesday to stay at the White House to convene a high-level meeting about the Ebola outbreak.
"You sure would have, tough guy. If I had been the faggot running after the bicycle and the trippee did this to me I'd punch this peace of shiit in his teeth. Faggot just wanted to motivate"
Those chickens will really be living it up now in their new luxurious printer paper sized confinement! California is About To Make Egg Production More Humane by Giving Hens 70% More Space
"Because everybody has an Apple product Can't there be features, like continuity, that only work with certain combinations of Mac products."
"nah I'm willing to be that he would have helped Hitler had he shown a little strap, you know how weak willed men are Or maybe, he was just a nice guy who would have been happy to lend a hand to anyone who asked, even a gender-fluid quantum-rainbow un-leaded trans Ford Focus, minus the bra-strap even."
"Come on guys, he's joking Trump says US should accept Russia in Crimea"
"If they put a pool in the Piazza, it would be. Who cares? Appreciate it for what it is. It's a FREE concert. If you don't like it don't go but if you decide to go don't complain about it. Not everything is for everybody. Some people don't like to swim but they sound like idiots saying how the pool is filled with ""false self worth and egos""."
"But it was just an honorary position that meant nothing! Right, just like how he doesn't know the first thing about our constitution or laws, even though he was an attorney... and a teacher of constitutional law for over a decade..."
In a completely fair and unbiased primary! He couldn't even get any points ahead of Hillary.
You can't blame people if fat magically appears on their body due to their conditions and chemicals. Think.
"Well my daughter definitely loves me less since I've lost weight. Yup,they act as if their children love them only for their fat."
Mass opinion *is* typically correct The front page disagree with you
"Yeah, but i bet they cause autism. My uncle almost died yesterday. 99% blockage. Stints work."
Dude you're 17 years old how hard is it to keep track of your books I already lost my AP Stats book Fuck (My school started the 22nd and we got books the the 24th)
"This is clearly Ralph Nader's fault. 220,000 fewer Democrats have voted early in Ohio compared with 2008. And 30,000 more Republicans have cast their ballots compared with four years ago. That is a 250,000-vote net increase for a state Obama won by 260,000 votes in 2008."
"time to ruin my rep You see, having a low-quality reputation makes creating a good post that much better."
"Ah, that's your problem, you have a vagina. People say that, but that wasn't my experience as a thru-hiker this year. I think people overestimate how much easier it becomes; I know I did, and it became profoundly frustrating when I was in New Hampshire and southern Maine and found myself really struggling psychologically and physically with this difficult terrain. I thought I was going to become superwoman, but I never did. Steep rocky climbs remained difficult until the bitter end. YMMV of course, and you'll certainly get more fit as you go north, but don't count on being able to do the mountains no sweat."
Hilarious One of my favorite gifs
"Everything with opinion and anime together is neckbeardthing Not really neckbeardy, but whatever."
_There were fights in Nisemonogatari?_ The two fights in Nisemonogatari were really awesome and exciting to watch.
"It's ok to hate people as long as they are hateful. I have NEVER seen so much hate as I have today on FB from people accusing Trump supporters of hate... In my experience so far, Trump supporters have been some of the kindest and welcoming people around. Yet they are all getting screamed into a corner by non-supporters accusing them of racism, homophobia, and biggotry online. It doesn't make sense. Trump spoke of gay rights at the convention to a roar of cheers. He is one of the first, if not *the* first presidential candidate to hold a rainbow flag up during his run, again to thunderous applause. If anything, Trump is the *most* tolerant of all those who ran. It's just sad that today a Republican still can't be outwardly proud to be a Republican without outlandish accusations made against them."
"But I heard leaving the person you were shooting at alive during a robbery and just killing their husband that was protecting your original target then running away was the way to rob people? So 3 ""black men"" randomly jumped out of the shadows, shot this guy and then ran away? Sounds like a paid execution"
"We get it, you vape Not A Single LED Was Lit That Day Gaming Rig Version 2.0"
"Well, you spent another 30 seconds commenting bout that .. GJ! The first 30 seconds of this video are a legit complete waste of time. Why do people not edit their videos correctly to cut to what people actually care about?"
"Well guess I'm canceling my trip then I spent half a year studying abroad in France, so if you ever have any questions feel free to message me. I spent some time in Spain, Germany, Italy, UK, Holland, Denmark and some other countries that I can't recall at the moment. Have some duck confit and foie gras for me while you're in France! Yum! I don't think I could've done keto while studying in France.. The baguette there alone would have made me cheat. Good luck! ETA: It was impossible for me to find bacon in France, or at least the ones that I'm used to back home. Just keep that in mind if you're a bacon fan."
"Yeah we fixed all those social issues from the 60s-80s and now being white certainly doesn't inherently benefit anyone. What white supremacy? Yes there once was white supremacy back in the 60s-80s, but now days what supremacy is there? Blacks getting payed less than whites? No. Blacks restricted from places or jobs based on race? No. Blacks not having the same human rights as whites such as voting or freedom? No. Then what white supremacy as of 2016 is there?"
"Except Fascists weren't that bad to begin with. Only fascists don't like the use of slurs and derogatory terms. Well, TIL."
HEY GUYS IT'S RICHARD LEWIS FUCK RICHARD LEWIS Kinguin pulls back from esports sponsorships amid corporate restructuring
"You mean, not everybody has their own plane? Because that makes sense..."
"And all because he stopped drinking beer... He used to walk around like 205. He was 191 like 2 weeks from the fight. That's almost 15 lbs difference, a.k.a. every weight class differential except MW to LHW."
"No, see it doesn't count if things like this happen to Muslims. downvotes? the fuck? Everyone is on board until one day journalists and desenters start getting their citizenship revoked for ""associating with terrorists""."
"How much will you pay me he did. I was wondering if anyone on the sub had the file, and would be willing to give me a download link for it."
But how could they all be in Amos' simulation? AAHHH THE DESOLATE HOPE ROBOTS! I would cream every pair of jeans I own. Bio betas is my bio bby.
But who is going to build roads? How long will it take for humans to realise that bankers and government are the biggest disease in their lives.
"Yeah, residents are known for being super lazy! Yeah god forbid you work a bit more to make it easier for the patient."
And help her stay awake since we all know she has narcolepsy I wouldn't be surprised if Leah had graduated to something like Meth - super available in her part of the country and it would explain the extreme weight loss and hollow look to her eyes.
"Yeah, this *is* a cool picture, no doubt, but it really does not help me decide if I'd care to bang OP's Mum in the slightest... Any pics with you and your mother from back then?"
"For now... Norway is in the European Economic Area, so rights of free movement apply."
"So from this ""reference"" we could've know that there was going to be 4 games all along?Good discovery,because The Desolate Hope was made days before FNAF's release... FNAF reference (maybe) in The Desolate Hope"
"It's like people play the game for fun, what a bunch of scrubs! It's because nobody with any skill plays tdm..."
I forgot the Also want to add. When you can't stand and or hold your head up. You are out! Bye bye. You can clearly see her head fall and her feet are pointed down and back as she is literally carried into a car. If your dizzy your still holding your head and trying to move your feet. In the video there was none of that. She collapsed and was OUT.
"DAE hate everything? You're asking for moderation and insight, and WE DON'T DO THAT HERE!"
"Man what a giant slow un maneuvering brick the reaver is. NC TK tactics are so advanced, they can make enemies TK each other."
"Yeah, players should be able to celebrate however they want! Fuck this pussy league."
"Nah I'd wait till I got a new girlfriend and get her rhinoplasty when she was 5. Say you have a daughter at birth, and you notice that her nose is a little big. Would you see a problem with childhood rhinoplasty? It causes pain. Even if you can't remember it, it caused you immense pain for a little while. And for what? Because someone else thinks it looks better? There's NO reason to circumcise a wellformed, normal penis. It's pain for nothing. And how dare someone make a cosmetic choice for another person? Fuck that noise. Circumcision is a symptom of a sick society."
"But my kid is going to the show, he's the best on the team (at least I think so, not to mention we are in the lowest division of the league and we aren't that good, and my kid is 6) You say 'coach youth football'...I say 'coach every sport imaginable'. This dad sounds like the a-typical jackass sports dad. I was an umpire for kids 09-15 and meant some dads who genuinely thought there child was going to be an all-star in the major leagues. Saw the same thing refereeing basketball for kids. There are fucking asshole parents who ruin sport games for their children in every sport, and it is sad...very, very sad."
Good thing windows comes on a disc then You don't have to know how to make a microchip to be Bill Gates.
Just use the exefile.exe CCPlease. Literally unplayable.
Damn vikings I stopped in the middle of a raid to watch.
But I want to feel outraged now! This article is almost 5 years old.
"Because infants should be pulling themselves up by their own, poopy bootstraps, of course! Why Is it so Controversial to Help Poor Mothers Afford Diapers?"
"Wow, what a great attitude to have I deleted it because I realized no one's opinion matters xD"
"Yes If ponies where treated like dogs, wouldn't it solve a lot of the worlds climate issues ?"
Just so long as my Farmville crops don't wither. How to easily defeat SOPA
I would love to import some of that glorious American freedom. What products are Americans missing out on? What American products do you wish your country had?
Don't worry I'm sure that none of these will be exclusives. Meanwhile back here in the U.S.
BRADY IS A CHEATER AND AARON RODGERS IS 100X BETTER Huge pats fan here. And I told myself I was not gonna get in this argument.
"Yes, why do the girls on girlsdoporn look like girls instead of women? So what is the deal with GDP? Why do these girls always look so young"
"good thing, I am not getting bored of the never ending train of sorc healers New Dev Post - 4.3 Class Balance"
"My apologies, I'll make it more clear next time. hmmmm... I sense a hint of sarcasm..."
duuuude its arrttt broooo you donnttt understand arttt brooo What was the point?
"Well the police Union is against it so it can't be all bad. He was fired for doing blackface, he has been protested for doing it, the venue doesn't want him there doing it, the Baltimore City Fraternal Order of Police said they won't accept the funds raised by his performance, and he still thinks it's a great idea."
"However, if it is something bad enough to reject someone over, spread all the hate you can possibly imagine. That joke ruined my self confidence forever. You like what you like, but I have a hard time believing many men would reject a girl just because he didn't like the way her vagina looked. Basically, if you don't care enough to turn it down, then stop spreading hate about it."
"Yes, because most Republicans are competing with immigrants for gardening and picking strawberry jobs. Until it gets into the software engineering / white collar space..."
But did you win? Off-the-wall freestyle with a nice finishing touch
You think only he can get the game to work? He's only got 55g on MCC I just lost a little bot of respect for him -_-
"then what's the point of being rich? Oh shit what an absolute injustice, people might know how much money you make. Its far better to keep an entirely regressive system which could put a poor man into debt or into jail because he can't pay, but lets the rich break the law whenever they want."
"all this transphobia going on, brotha I think you mean transgression. :)"
"No, we can't have fun things in Halo. Anyone else wish they would have kept this from the Halo 5 beta?"
"Yeah, because Riot Korea has access to military records of all of its players and when they're on active duty. It would have. One of the accounts they were using belonged to someone who was doing his military service and couldn't play, so that would have been noticed fairly quickly even if it wasn't publicized."
if only we had a beta to test that All spawns fine besides top left...
"But...but it has le grill with a cup of tea and cozy slippers and netflix on the TV, so it must be cozy right ? It's just a wide angle view of a room with great potential."
Buying spins Fastest way to train woodcutting?
Because Audiophial is a girl Why are you sleeping in the kitchen?
"Yeah, he looks *so* upset being in that enclosure. Killer whale is paying attention"
That ok though because Trumpeters need to be shown the light. The irony is that some of the Bernie supporters openly admit that they brigade the stuff they don't like.
"Something something ... your mother...something(implied sexual intercourse here)...last night... fook yu PeeCee faggert, COD is best game ever (mom joke)"
"You lost that: They know what to fix. But things take times, and some things are more important than others. They know what they're doing, and they do it well."
I always knew it Array exposed! (is in a gay relationship)
I'm terrified now! They're amongst us...
"Yeah, they shouldn't even bother bringing *any* jobs to the US, if they're not going to bring them all. This is nonsense. All the parts are still made in other countries. The CPU, hard drive, LCD panel, motherboard, chipset, and controller cards are still not made in the US."
"Yeah, I guessed like 4"" for mine but it was 11.5"" ^ Measure your dick. Source: Have terrible estimation skills, guessed 3""-4"", is 6"" (erect anyway) Also keep at shaving. Don't do pedo staches."
"Yeah man, must've been her fault. Are you sure he just straight-up punched your sister for no reason? There's gotta be something that lead to this... It seems very unreasonable that anyone would just come up and punch a person."
BUT THE EVIDENCE ITS SO CONVINCING BANNNNN HAMMERRRRR SHERLOCK POE RMT CASE #1 Aphromatic
"oh that's funny It should just ask ""Has your country landed on the Moon?"""
Baby raising or maybe something to do with clothes shopping or makeup girls like those things right? I'm hoping I can change it to something that my SO would be interested in. Cooking? Vacuuming? Sandwich making? You guys have any ideas?
Yeah I'll be the weird kid who uses and likes ancient technology So?
these are white people silly you can't get in trouble for shooting a black kid! Can the police at least treat them the same as Tamir Rice? I mean he was a child playing with a toy in a park. These are armed men who broke into government buildings and threatened government agents with armed resistance if they try to arrest them.
"Like you have a wife! Such a cute dress, it looks great on you! My wife would love one like that."
"Yea, and fleener is a TE but he's had more rushing tds than Ingram lately... I didn't really think I needed to include the Kuhn's a FB. He won't take over"
Looks like someone forgot the This guy is basically a rip off of PBG.
But.. But... They're different party! That can't be an argument to support AK's behavior in Bihar. You are falling for the same political circle-jerk that is so common here. The bottom line is that AAP is fucking up and it's nobody else's but their own fault. It has nothing to do with BJP or JD(U).
"Hmm you're right, never heard of a homeless person using a computer at a library. Homeless and need food, but you can afford internet access? Hmmm"
"Your gpu core is built on 32-bit architecture. - MSI Kombustor and CPU-Z are saying my R9 390 graphics card has 4095MB memory, but it should have 8G. Is my card broken? MSI R9 390 - For some reason MSI Kombustor benchmarking software that came with the card is identifying my card as an R9 290, and it's saying it has a ""Graphics memory size: 4095MB"" CPU-Z identifies the correct card ""AMD R9 390 series"", however, for memory, it's saying 4095 MBytes size. Is something wrong with the software or is it my card? Is there a better tool to diagnose my video card?"
"But..., but..., something about business deregulation will solve everything. This should seriously be criminal. How do you set up laws these days that prevent any chance at real competition? How do you get public funding and then fail to complete the job without any sort of retribution? How can you be allowed to take public funding, do part of the job, get paid, not get punished, and still prevent anyone else from trying to finish it? This shit makes me hugely pissed off. This affects all of our daily lives. They screwed us over majorly. Are the politicians sitting there taking kickbacks? How did we get here? Is anyone trying to fight this?"
"Yea because you prep all those ways to get into a place before you even know that's the final location Al kharid gate, shanty pass, duelling ring, glory, north entrance (which isn't even gated), abyssal fire rift, gnome gliders, there are tones of ways to get to Al Kharid mate. The gate kids didnt have the game knowledge to win even if they did make it through that gate tbh."
And the Sandy Hook shooter was totally a student at the school who watched gun videos in the library and read Guns&amp;Ammo all the time. Most recently the sandy hook shooter
"Well, I'm waiting... It would require, to lift off from the planet, about 75 large hydrogen thrusters at the minimum."
"Le alpha teaches us social interaction, listen up betas! The host was being a passive aggressive asshole and the roommate called him out on it. I have no idea who these people are but IMO the roommate came out looking the best. Fucking lames with their passive aggressive comments and mocking laughs. Typical nerds who are afraid of any kind of confrontation."
Clearly an unbiased opinion... Priebus : FBI letter indicates new Clinton probe is serious
Yeah they're jealous of DMC and his purple As a result of Cousin's comment actually
"Can I get a source on this so called ""Mob Mentality"" please? It's human nature, I'm on mobile so I can't link it but read the wiki or other articles on ""Mob Mentality."" Essentially people are more inclined to believe things in order to fit in with their peers."
"Heres another one you might find useful: If your head gets sore from laying on something hard, you can put something soft under it. Life Pro Tip: Use the protective foam that came with your furniture to save your knees while you put it together."
Isn't it weird that the Olympics are always on a leap year? One extra day every four years and of course it's a Monday
"Yeah fuck personal liberty! I'd vote against it until the day that I die. And before you get started, I'd vote against alcohol too if I had the chance. I don't believe recreationally altering your brain function with drugs is good for you, or for our society. This whole ""if it feels good, do it"" mindset is destroying us as a species. You aren't going to change my mind on this, so just down vote me to oblivion and don't bother replying."
"Right, and if they refuse then they can just go die in a ditch, not coercive at all. Not harvest. Just payment for services rendered. If you go to the ER without insurance you can be required to sell off marketable resources to pay for it. Organs are a marketable resource."
"Yeah, being down 28-3 really held him back on Sunday. I don't think we will hear much about Murray again for the rest of his career. But he still has SOME juice. Dallas is going to be behind 75% of the time this year, not a lot of room for a guy who almost never breaks one off for 20+ yards."
"That standard is unheard of the United States... Which part is too stringent a standard for the ""modern"" twentysomething male? Only having sex with women you're okay with having a kid with, or using a fucking condom?"
Thanks for the passive aggressive post. Seriously Gary?!
"What a worthwhile read where the nick ""pyth"" came from"
"But moooooom, you choose to limit yourself. If the sandwich lady gives you a pie on an ironman account, you cant pick up the dish if you drop it. I want my dish back. It tells me as an ironman i cannot take other players loot. It's my dish. She GAVE it to ME. I want my dish back."
"How about instead of focusing on things for low to mid level players, we release more shit for high and max level players? Stealing Creation I have not played on old school for a while now because i feel like there isn't many new mini games coming out, i think they were the most popular thing back in the day, Stealing creation was so successful and popular when it came out and i think if we had stealing creation it would attract more players to come to members and would be more fun, i certainly would."
That's because you're a shill. God that is an annoying subreddit.
"That's silly, women don't think I read that some women are able to ""think off"", so he's going to have to find a way to ban concentrating."
I love the smell of dead American soldiers in the morning. Trump camp tries to clarify his 'I love war' comment
"Come on, we already know the World Series opener won't be in Atlanta. God forbid baseball gives their fans a clue on how to plan their trips to the ballpark for the playoffs."
Lightsabers are phallic symbols. JJ Abrams to Make Luke Skywalker Gay in Next Film
"Then you shouldn't be able to remove your ass skin flakes, ass skin flake removal is murder! If you do a dna test on the skin flakes on my ass, you'd find they are demonstrably human."
Well that's just about fucked up.... I suppose we should drown all animals that just act like animals.. They used to drown geese at my old job. It was an outdoor bar. The guests would freak out and ask me to help. We would throw lemons at them.
"Be greatful for all the new hats you greedy shit! You say this like he's wrong... But he isn't. It may not be on topic, but it's very true. You can't say anything bad about this game without having like four or five 13-17 year old kids flock in and tell you you're an idiot while simultaneously saying DayZ was the best game ever made, and it being in Alpha is the reason they haven't fixed a year old audio bug (the one where you hear eating, drinking, reloading, and zombies by you when that is somewhere else on the map entirely), not because they can't be fucked to do anything else but add new buildings and shit that are going to be glitchy as well."
"Better acid in the face than Godless Communism Probably blaming the US for the brutal religious extremism in Afghanistan, which they funded 35 years ago until it took over the country."
"After 2 plus years now of pay $1000 for this kickstarter a paid pre-alpha access pass doesn't feel so bad! It's a buy2play game? That's why they made it buy2play, to support them... How did they brainwash you? Must be a new tehnique...."
"He's just allowing Darwinism to get back to work. Yup. The good news, though, is that Pence already solved the Heroin problem by shutting down needle exchanges. Oh wait, no. That just caused a massive uptick in HIV infections"
"The government, of course. Its somewhat true for both crypto an crowdfunding but what in the world has not been used in a criminal way by someone at sometime."
But... But... But... Porzingiz? I pick Towns.
this joke never gets stale! I heard of this one guy who took 3 pots and got so high he died..
I think he missed the There's no way Pogba goes back to United. After all his history?
"the only way to not do 120mph and crash is to buy a 250 and atgatt An idiot crashed his bike, he would have crashed on a 125 aswell. Stop being an elitist because you started on a 300."
Being a first class diver could put him ahead of Messi.. I love Neymar but I hope he also learns from Messi how to stay upright and not throw himself on the pitch at the slightest contact.
"Oh, that funny joke again. Or maybe get blasted to space by using the Note 7 special exploding feature??"
"Thank you for the words, mike, we couldn't have done it without you. Mike Huckabee calls the Planned Parenthood shooting ""domestic terrorism"""
[thats what she said!!] Oh God...
"Another tool of the cultural Marxists. That is interesting, I knew wikipedia was a bit funny when I checked the description of the ECSC through its pages history. Seems its downright biased."
"No knife skin, must be a haks Some bhop frags i did this weekend :)"
herobrine is alredy in the game dum fuk LEL i wish it was a herobrine!1!!!11
I guess i should have added an They've been saying that for months. Even the latest vague 'launch window approaching' statements have been the party line for two months. We haven't seen as much as a screenshot of the game running on Linux and this is from a company that loves to communicate and post pictures.
"beef is MURDER It makes me cringe to think where young people will be in 2060 in terms of outrage for things, if this is the state of SJW-ism in 2016. It's weird being young(ish), and socially progressive on every issue, and seeing the new generation below me screaming at professors on campus they don't feel safe over an e-mail about Halloween costumes. You always wonder how on earth you would ever end up like the stereotypical ""racist grandpa"", and I have a feeling way down the road I'm going to try to eat a steak from a cow and have 18-year-olds look at me like I'm a Nazi gas chamber operator."
Down voted for PHAT in a log Araxxi Trifecta!!! And other drops from the last 2 days
"Obviously you're ashamed of your sexuality because why else would someone not want to sleep with him? he got the message, thank god"
"Yea, because we haven't made any advances in hardware since the m7 was released. Planned obsolescence you mean."
"Wow I had no idea who In Flames were, thanks! In flames. Older stuff not the new stuff"
*raises hand slowly* What animal has the shittiest life?
"Yeah it is, I can do like 15 tabs. bassheads who say shit like that to people just dont get it at all ""youve done acid once"". what kinda fucking insult is that. is eating acid a contest? what a mouthbreather"
"Fake, you don't have an iPhone WhatsApp split view like the iPhone 6 plus messages app (crappy mockup included)"
"Yes, acting in your own self interest is pure greed. In other words, they're not selfish? They operate from moral standards instead of pure greed?"
"Totally earnt that, you should be proud Just got the t87 staff on my ironman! :D"
"You're just saying that because your a CUCK! Obviously it's because we're so emasculated that we don't think our lovers will be satisfied unless we let them sleep around, and because we don't want to be seen as racist, we suggest it ought to be with inferior races. I need a shower after typing that. Eww."
But the East has the top 3 teams in the league! Kinda fucked how much better overall the west is than the east.
"no, he invented death panels &amp; wealth redistrubution. ""didn't he invent Socialism or something?"""
"We are the richest people on the planet for absolutely no good reason at all! Might as well blame it on sasquatch. Hard working white people, rofl."
"You are supposed to kill the enemy team, not yours. I am new at RB Ground and look what happened."
CNN reported that the towers were hit before a plane even flew into the first tower. What do you mean? Once the plane hit it was reported by everyone right?
"Hey I'll have you know that democratically elected government were a bunch of demon commies, they deserved to be murdered and have their country ruined You could also use the stat that he had the most staff members indicted and convicited out of all Presidents before or after. Or that that the DEA allowed cocaine and crack sales to help arms sales to overthrow other governments, while he supported a poor policy of just say ""No"" to all drugs... Then there's still the union stuff and again trading arms for hostages ect..."
"Much more partisan than a cross or a crescent The Red Crystal is the symbol recognized by the IFRCs (Internatinal Federation of Red Cross/Red Crescent/Red Crystal Societies). The Magen David Adom is what is used within Israel; however, that symbol is not recognized internationally, because it is too partisan, which goes directly against the IFRC charter and core principle of neutrality."
That house stealing beast! This is obviously Kyle's fault.
I've always wanted to visit Alabama. this is true for me except she's skinny
This is why we don't have women engineers. I'm going to record you till you drop because it's only a matter of time.
"That probably explains why China can not compete with western world industry either. Why China Cannot Fight Pollution: Unlike the US where the polluters are private companies, in China, by and large the polluters are government agencies"
"Says the guy with the puce car. The first colorblind person involved in an accident is going to have one nice lawsuit at hand. Josh from college, you colorblind bastard, go do this. I get a third for setting it up. And my car was green, not brown!"
Because he's essential to our offense with those end arounds and short screen passes for 2 yards Why the hell did we extend Austin by paying him all that money ?
"Oh yeah he could easily start on the Rams they don't have any pass rushers, if he doesn't start they're homophobic. Now you don't have to worry about that until Sam gets cut or doesn't start or doesn't make the pro bowl or doesn't get MVP."
"5 shot kill with a bal They gotta buff the Goliath's health, because as of now their health is pretty low for a giant mech suit"
kid get a life. Waitin for midnight like
"You forgot the I really, really hate dailies and bonus xp activities. I'm sure that's become an upopular opinion on 2007scape but I wish stuff like that would be kept to the live game. I know it sounds like an exaggeration but we're going to need an oldschool-reboot of OSRS if we keep up the rate of reintroducing pre-EoC-like content. Also based on the tone of this subreddit now compared to 2 years ago, what happened? Did a lot of RS3 players come to OSRS and want more or less a version of the live game without Treasure Hunter? New players? I'm not saying it's wrong to like these new methods but it's odd compared to the opinions even a few months to a year ago. The mention of things like Ivy or Bonfires used to trigger borderline PTSD episodes, now we've got profitable ivy &amp; bonfires in OSRS and people defend the hell out of it."
"I'm sure they have their top welders on that job Also the whole ""two piece handlebars so they could fit grip shifters"" thing."
"Yes, 2008-2016 has been sooooo stressful for the average American in comparison to past years 2008-2016 was not kind to any man's youthful visage. 2/10, would not wish those years on an enemy."
"You don't get it, you only like your boobs because they get you male attention and it boosts your confidence. This guy reminds me of my ex. Basically anything a woman does is to get the attention of or to please men. I like to wear shirts that show a little cleavage. Apparently I only do this to get men's attention, not because I like my own boobs."
Cut him Slater what the shit
"""What's with the factorial?"" Logic != intelligence."
"Yeah... it's sarcasm, I figured it was bad enough i didn't need the It's probably bad that I can't be certain that this is sarcasm."
"You're right, he looks like he's in so much pain. :/ You shouldn't do stuff like that to your dog. He's a living animal, not an accessory."
"Wow, I thought SOOOOOO many people would fall for it. April Fools. Didn't fall for this one at all. Next time you gotta be more creative OP."
Depends on which end. Taylormade hybrid shaft cutting Would it be okay to cut an inch or so off the shafts of the rbz hybrids? The length is much longer than other hybrids and I am having trouble with how long these are.
"""It's their fault for having shit security"" I didn't look at them. It's an invasion of privacy. It's hilarious to me that reddit goes fucking berserk over the NSA invading their privacy but when some leaks nudes of JLaw it's okay to look at them."
"Go back to r/PCMasterRace It's nice that compilers have a way for you to admit you're a filthy casual, now we just need it in the games industry"
"Don't forget the ""Idk how he's going to fix that deficit he's concerned about."" What is there to fix? All government spending will come back as tax if there is no saving in the spending chain. So the deficit *is* saving? Why are you against savings? Why do you want the government to confiscate savings?"
"Stop leaving food on baby face. Dog Licks Infants Face - Any recommendations on the best corrective action? My dog has been really excellent since we brought our infant home. The only problem now is that he's a few months older and able to be in the bouncer by himself. My dog wants to get in on the action and will go up and lick the baby's face. It's purely out of affection, but obviously the baby can't tell him to get away. The baby also probably tastes delicious. What is the best course of action to correct this? I don't mind if the dog says hi or is close to the bouncer, but I'd like to correct the licking in a positive way."
Australia you say? Rainy Austrian Vacation
"That's not beer, that's evidence! State Police in Vincennes Indiana using patrol car for his personal beer run. He has 3 personal cars in his driveway. Him and his wife frequently run their errands on tax dollars gas."
you forgot the Yes!!!!!! Im so sorry that I ever lost faith that Bernie would be president! I am so weak to have ever doubted him! It was just a test!
"Why, the economy is absolutely booming in spain It's a miracle!"
I'm sure he's offended by these lighthearted reddit comments. But I can choose not to be a huge dick about it to Tefel
I guess I can't really fault it So he can't find anything bad with the game and gives it a bad review? 5/7 for the logic in that...
Tastes like regulations and fair treatment of its workers every bite... Damn commie ice cream! Ben &amp; Jerry's
"Yeah but all of those are 1.5 miles, therefore we must arbitrarily hate them. No, they didn't. If I'm honest, I've never seen an issue with them. The only bad one is Vegas. Homestead, Texas and Atlanta have great racing, Charlotte, Kansas, and Chicago have their moments, and Kentucky is at least better than a few years ago. People say ""They're the same track!"" Are you a NASCAR driver? No? Then you don't have a right to say this. They may look similar, but they don't race or behave similarly. Texas is much faster than Charlotte and Atlanta, and has a longer back stretch. Atlanta has a much bumpier surface than Charlotte. Homestead is just a normal oval, like the old Atlanta. Kansas and Chicago have curved back stretches, Kentucky has varying banking, and Vegas doesn't have a curved back stretch. Obviously I want more diversity in tracks, but this isn't as much as an issue as people say it is."
"*6.7km 4.1 Miles, an incredible video"
"If general consensus regarding Unity is to be believed, he's *actually* pushing for 200 million *Debian* users in 4 years. Mark Shuttleworth sets goal for 200 million Ubuntu users in 4 years"
"No, we're all hardcore liberals here Someone I don't like is doing an AMA? So. Fucking. What. Seriously, who gives a shit? This person exists, get over it."
Can't spend morals on Dual Lands. $ profit Moral Deficit
fuck you people and your math puns This is getting a little too *complex*.
"C'mon, why remove the BR if Trump can just downgrade it to its awful Halo 3 version? I'm hoping he'll be able to remove BR starts from BTB. I'm all about #BRexit"
hahahahahaha My new gaming PC boots so fast... ... I can't access the BIOS to overclock the CPU :(
with this caste awareness you are right candidate for IAS. Most likely would be low caste ugly women. But there could a be a few hot aunties here and there. Their family should be beware. I think his face should be all over the news so that women who have had sex with him could get themselves checked. Can't let one chutiya ruin so many lives for the lulz.
Warriors are the only team that holds though Is LeBron allowed to physically hold Draymond Green like that?
"Silly man, feminists never resort to shaming and hyperbole. They've had one at my alma mater since the mid 2000's - I had to help set it up two of the years I was there. It's more akin to a museum/art gallery than a tunnel - there's a guided path and things to look at. Except instead of art, there's billboards explaining SJ issues. Most of it was pretty benign, though the boards put up by the Students for Body Positivity and the university Feminist club tended to be hyperbolic and confrontational."
Everyone ages 1 minute per minute so that'd be pointless. Age per minute would be a better stat
"Yeah, but 5/6 of the screen isn't taken up with a picture of flowers, so no thanks. There's an HD version of this on KIMMELS YouTube channel."
But think about what a great role model he would be for his children then! The He-man Woman Haters club is never the right advice unless you want him to learn how to act like a hurt manchild. There's a reason they're unpopular.
"No one wants to go to SE these days. Mildly interesting: the inauguration was held on the east steps, as opposed to the west side where it's held today."
"Look at those good for nothing long haired miscreants, get off my lawn! Higher Schoolers in 1976."
"Yay, PS Plus in Europe is starting its downfall! Dynasty Warriors Next and Modation Racers: Road Trip next month for PS+ users"
"Yeah, having a presidential candidate that a large number people don't trust with nukes is clearly inconsequential... The circle jerk over Trump on this sub is insane, goooood riddance r/politics and I don't even like Trump, it's just so lopsided. This is trash political news."
Just build full damage and hold left click like everyone else does The amout of cards in one deck has to be Increased. 40 cards in one deck just isn't doing it.
"Gee... who would have thought. I bought gil and lost $300 So I just wanted to warn potential buyers, it's not worth it. I lost $300. I could provide the company name to you in a pm, but I won't post it here I guess. It's just infuriating, and I got what I deserve for buying gil in the first place. Anyway, find another way to make gil. Also, I found that 90% of the sites are really the same company, so going to another site isn't helpful."
"You're weird, because you aren't playing the game exactly like me. I'm pretty much forcing myself to finish the main quest before I do any guilds or else I'll never finish the main quest."
Europes too progressive Health care paid for by taxes so that everyone can get whatever they need when they need it without having to worry about money when they're at their most vulnerable.
The parents sure did a great job raising the little shit. An exchange at the baseball game in Sydney last night.
"Psh, I knew Romo wasn't clutch! Today was Matthew Stafford's 19th career game-winning drive, tying him with Tony Romo for most in the NFL since 2011"
"Well, at least the rule changed limited the number of injures this season. Does anyone else miss kick off returns? I know it's been a while since the rule change but I miss what was once a really exciting part of the game. Honestly with all of the touch backs I don't know why they waste our time even kicking off."
"But you didn't jailbreak and iphone. Not to discourage geo, but I currently drive a car that can maintain cruise speed based on distance to car in front via radar, and stay in lane thanks to cameras watching the lane markings. This tech has been around for the past couple of years. It can also park itself parallel or longitudinal, completely automatically. The tech is here right now. The only barrier is acceptance from the public."
"And every other comment in this post is relevant. Its not that they're salty, but it's just totally irrelevant"
Those 5s are skating shoes Yup cuz supreme has no cultural or fashion influence outside of skating. They totally did not collaborate with Jordan or anything.
"As an objective party, Gronk's was better. You're biased and I'm biased, but Beckham's catch was much more difficult."
dir *.pptx Got revenge on my sister by hiding her science presentation in a maze of folders
"Banned Sorry, it was a bit unclear, I thought you didn't like theses upgrades. my bad."
But can it run Crisis 3 at ultra settings? Microsoft Surface Studio
"But it's not a real Jeep, right? Worlds first for Renegade."
"No no, he just meant gay activists guys.. It's ok, he wasn't actually talking shit out his ass about gays... Pat Robertson: Gay people deliberately spread HIV/AIDS by cutting people with special rings"
"What a complete idiot I watched a documentary on Ralph Nader, and in the 80's he was treated like a crazy person because his solution to problems like drunk driving was to invest in creating self driving cars. His point was, people are going to get drunk, and break laws in general because that's what people want to do. That's why we have to have laws in the first place. And that the real solution was to just make it so you could be as drunk as you wanted while in a car, and it would be perfectly safe. That lunatic."
"""Let's make fun of people who are different from us and then ridicule them for building a community where they feel valued"" I don't see where that could go wrong ""I need an online support group because society doesn't accept how much happier I am than all of them."""
"Times of Israel is very reliable source for news like this, and they are totally not warmongering Top Hamas general says group prepping for war with Israel"
Thanks for your input. This comment chain is so autistic it hurts
BUT GREN DAY R NOT TRU PUNK THEY R LE POSERZ But Green Day is 90s alt rock
"Well, we can't have the flaws of the ""front runner"" and future president pointed out to the plebes, now can we? Goldman Sachs Paid Hillary Clinton $900k In 2013: Today She's ""Tough On Wall Street"""
Everything NYCFC does is relevant because they're a dumpster fire Why is this relevant to anything?
ritos fault for not having soundproof rooms for teams Competitive Ruling: C9 Hai
"its not like it matters who wins this game the kings will find some way to win the cup The game 7 de-stress thread I already have had a knot in my stomach thinking about game 7, which is even worse than the waiting for the wait for the Capitals game 7. I know it's just a game but I'm already stressed the hell out thinking about this one and it isn't going to do me any favors for my health. I can only imagine what the players feel. What are some of you doing to just keep cool about it and to help alleviate your stress?"
"Because I'm also incredibly happy that Rick Scott won, right? Grow the fuck up and look at real issues. Rick Scott is probably still going to be in office. He has cost my family 70,000 dollars out of my dad's pension. Yeah. Fuck him. Your pot can wait."
"BUT IT'S FREEEEEEEEEEEEEE YOU SILLY XBOX PLEIBS. Yup, you get what you pay for."
"GOD ISN'T REAL DUBASS once when I was 4-5 my grandmother brought a man in the car with us on the way to church. She knew him I did not and I was testy that day, asking who and why he came with. As she calmly tried to explain to me he needed help getting to and from church I exclaimed from the back seat ""I don't want him to come with us to church"" .... This man was blind and could not drive. I feel sorrow to this day for putting him in that predicament"
"You're not an official Ana main until you have a reddit flair, smh As an Ana main I say yes please"
But....I thought gameday only visits Alabama or LSU... It's official! GameDay coming to Baylor for BU vs OU! BLACKOUT GAMEDAY!
Goddamn male privilege! Not to mention you will go from zero wait to standing in line to take a piss. You cant have urinals anymore so mist use stalls and women take 10 time longer. So no express piss lane and longer average times per stall. Idiotic idea.
It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that these last 8 years have been more driven by social media than in the past. Obama Administration Charges Most Whistleblowers in US History - RWB
"I love seeing Utah have a full roster and being a lottery team I love seeing okc score 112 and lose, seems to happen a lot now"
"Yeah, don't we know that EVERYONE loves babies and if you DON'T want some of your very own, you're obviously ""broken"" somehow? We're WEIRD? I mean, I knew we were childhaters (not really) and a 'negative sub'....but weird? HA."
"we can't profit off of sin we need to destroy it and stuff Yeah, pretty much all of those things, commonly referred to as 'sin taxes', would be viable sources of income."
"Well after all, the prime meridian does run though America, doesn't it? i tried to point that out, OP must be American, or this thread is ignorant to the history of literature and language. English... as in the original language, is different than the American version. Also, the UK isnt the only country that uses it, making it more popular abroad than American English. I guess the world revolves around..."
"Obviously he's a sexist towards everyone then. Except he's said those lines to men before, and says them all the time?"
This post gave me Cancer. Steak &amp; Potatoes
"Another day, another establishment shill Another nail in the coffin."
"But I thought everyone hated Hillary and Te more you see of her the more you hate her? I think it has something to do with her halting public and press appearances to prep for the debate. You saw it with her quiet August and her post-Labor Day return; you saw it again when she came off to deal with pneumonia and her return after that; now we're seeing the first half of that trend when she took time off to prep for tonight. Every time she goes away her poll numbers dip, every time she comes back her poll numbers rise."
This has nothing to do with Islam you racists ! Forced conversions torment Pakistan's Hindus
freak Left handed. Don't see many shots of us lefties on here.
Hahaha no of course not it's totally just a coincidence that the only hip-hop artists she likes are white Sounds like you have to be white in her eyes to be real hip hop lol
Well they weren't those damned pinko bastards. You think the Mujaheddin were a bunch of secular liberals?
"What are you talking about Russian military, this is very clearly Crimean Self Defense Force )))))) Russian soldiers shopping inside a Crimean Grocery Store"
It's behind an F-150. what's the big truck behind?
upload it to the shop so we can buy it. When you see it
"Rondo: the definition of toughness Rondo? You're comparing Rondo to Smart? Are you kidding me? Rondo tore his ACL and played another quarter. He played through a dislocated Elbow. Rondo is a BAMF, they do not react to pain in the slightest similar way. They took the stretcher out because Smart was acting like he tore every ligament in his leg, not because he had a grade 2 ankle sprain."
"shit answer this ama sucks. good as fuck, I suck at her"
"But it was SO worth it! At least it has an honest title. ""I started hiking at 3am and accidently found this!"" Those humble brag titles are so full of shit."
"It's not a Superhero movie, duh. Why is a Michael Mann's new film, Blackhat, not being talked about?"
But then they'd get high too and we can't have that What do the feds really need to fix? We have assisted suicide pills. Giant doses of benzodiazepins. What is so difficult in just injecting someone with 100 times the safe dose of Valium? Person would die fast and painlessly. These cocktails are retarded.
"Sounds to me like they financially gained a hundred bucks. TIL that Martin Luther King, Jr.'s family filed a civil case in 1999, alleging that his assassination was the result of a police/federal conspiracy, and won. Their restitution? $100, to prove it was not for financial gain."
"we'll be able to turn windows update back on! Does that mean that my Win7 Pro desktop is FINALLY going to stop trying to trick me into ""upgrading""?"
"Don't forget to buy stickers though, 75% off! ESL trophy not centered. Typical Counter-Strike."
I'm sorry. What an ass you are
But the no fly list would have stopped San Bernardino! Maybe because keeping databases unchecked without due process isn't the way to handle shit.
"inb4 switch is $500 With Christmas come and gone, I now officially have enough money to put toward the side to almost guarantee me a Nintendo Switch preorder."
"They are projectionists after all. Ever notice how most of the time when someone asks what a term means, the person who initially posted said term doesn't respond but several other people take up the slack?"
"yup, seriously gonna miss the days of shitty players grabbing the sniper only to active down me 3 times in a row. I'm actually pretty bummed that they're removing it. It may be annoying at times, but was a HUGE part of the overall GoW1 experience. I think the game had a completely different strategic outlook because of it, and in my opinion it's one of the things that made gears 1 unique. I think it really helped balance the boom and torque."
"Naw, I prefer my empty window panes to have a creepy radioactive glow. Too much HDR."
"You're not allowed to be happy for other people on Reddit! Except Scorpio is still gonna be more powerful than the new PlayStation, from what devs have said. Besides, I feel like Microsoft did better, had more exclusives that appealed to me More. Not knocking PS, I'm still excited for those. I'm just happy I have both"
"Sounds like they were the spoiled ones, getting to run around naked and what not They closed the windows, lit fires, wore extra clothes to get warm. They opened the windows, put out the fires, went around naked to get cool. We've been spoiled by HVAC with temperature control on demand. They lived by different standards and made do with what they had."
Small club. White Hart Lane (23rd May 2015)
Get your penny shenanigans out of Freebies! Free (Actually it's $0.01 Including Shipping) 5-Pack Growing Plant Message Magic Beans
Hey man animated textures are cooooooll! I dont know why people want Dark Matter so much. I don't know anyone who is impressed by it. Gimme a good Ritual or Ice camo anyday over that
dammit bro use Tagging this as NSFW implies that you are objectifying her and her body. That is exactly the opposite of what feminism is about.
"hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm conspiracy..... I use my flair to indicate what zoid Im trying to obtain next, not which one is my favorite :P"
"ALL THEY DO IS TURN LEFT WHAT A SHITTY SERIES But you don't think the ""lol greatest spectacle in racing? but it's not the * *insert the individual's favorite race here* *"" comments are hilarious and original?"
"I'm not jealous, I took the Megabus from NYC to DC the other day and it only took five hours! Japan's maglev train breaks world speed record with 600km/h test run | World news"
"But when you compare him to Olivia ""Literally Lenin"" Chow, he's actually left wing. Riiight, centrist. You keep saying that and someone might believe you. He's right wing it's just when you compare him to tea party like politicians he sounds lefty."
"inb4 It was constructed for the peaceful purpose of transporting food. Second Gazan tunnel reaching into Israel found, army says"
"Huh, didn't know having a flag outside schools is a pledge of allegiance. I'm very glad that we haven't decided to adopt a pledge of allegiance either. And long may this plague of unwarranted patriotism rot."
That's not taken out of context at all. Dayton Moore is a genius.
What a surprise on M5 being number 1! Riot releases new EU Power Rankings: M5 #1
"But theres not as many MEGApixels! Just upgraded from a D3200 to a D7000 Everything is better, I mean everything. Autofocus is more accurate and precise, I have a button for everything, high ISO performance is amazing, actually solid FPS on burst, so many seriously useful features in the menus and it just feels better in the hand. Can't imagine upgrading from this camera any time in the near future."
Didn't you know that changing colors from Red to Magenta made the game literally unplayable? Lolwhat
Loving the new scan pulse! Cheater in SW Battlefront
Wow fuck you too mate The Jets since the schedule gets easier after the next 3 weeks. I hope...
Asking modellers and concept artists to code the game sounds like a brilliant idea. So what?
"If it has a white border it's optional, right? It really didn't help that he blew through the stop sign too."
You fat shaming shitlord. Go for a jog. Now you're a jogger. Jog every day. Enjoy your newfound health.
Cause all these legal gun owners are causing so much crime! But gun control totally works guys. We just need more of it. There are too many loopholes.
Sorry forgot some people don't get the sarcasm online without the I don't think we should thank religion for anything.
"But shouldn't bearded people be arrested at the airport *before* boarding a plane? It's happened many times. It's just not newsworthy, because said bearded man flies in a plane."
Yes it did they became Presidents. Just ask our past three presidents if smoking pot ruined their lives
"The viewer counts were low this game becase C9 fans weren't watching this major Anyone else think CS:GO needs an off season? Lately the viewer count for most events has been dropping, at least as far as I can tell. Especially this major. I feel like there are way too many events and it drags viewership down. I feel like an off season would benefit the players the most and to a lesser extent the viewer base. I could be talking out of my ass but it definitely seems this way to me."
"Easy, Just stop people from having kids, that never causes problems. Overpopulation"
A subliminal message from cygames to get over your ranked anxiety Feeling pretty damn fearless right now...
Enjoy your Xbox exclusive lag. Still plagued on X1 as of last night. Every 20 seconds or so I get a 1-3 sec stutter. No deltas though.
Because I believe in Adam and Eve but not Noah. If you accept it started with inbreeding with Adam and Eve you can accept it also works post Noah.
"Rewrites are always improvements Rewrites happens all the time. Really, almost daily. But I doubt the story in itself has changed since then. And the rewrite would only have made the script better."
"But... But Christianity is the only real religion. Real life testimony discounts real life testimony automatically. If you believe a Christian feels god, then you must believe a Muslim feels god. If you believe a Muslim feels god, then you must believe a Hindu feels god. If either feels god, then the other's god can't exist."
"Cause the ""cosmetic-ish"" store shop is obviously a pay to win shop. why is it that anytime someone admits they want to purchase this pet they get downvoted?"
UGH BUT MY TEAM MATES SUCK EVEN WHEN I TELL THEM TO STOP FEEDING LIKE STUPID BRONZE KIDDIES! Quality Rant
"Because being trans or gay is *clearly* the same as pedophilia. Be open-minded. Who amongst you would not be *overjoyed* to have a son who's transgender, gay, smokes pot, has Down's syndrome or likes dubstep? It's only those narrow-minded Republicans who would disapprove. In the next generation, we'll learn to celebrate intergenerational love (NAMBLA), inter-species love and be truly tolerant of mutants and the mentally disabled."
"Ahh, but I hear NortonTM is now available for macOS ! Browser hijacks. Not just adding extensions, but ones that permeate through all the browsers, replace stuff, and keep coming back. And on Mac there's no really good antivirus which exacerbates the issues"
You are taking the post of a self-proclaimed internet misogynist shitlord (me) and applying it to the whole. Tumblr in action and mensrights may as well just merge. They're both just a bunch of whiney losers crying about scary feminism.
"Sarcasm is hard to recognize in text when you don't even use You need a ""woooosh"" sign."
Shut up you yellow bellied commie. How ignorant people can be.
9Gag What is going to replace Reddit?
"That's sexist! Coworker said ""you only make more cause you're a man."" Sure, ignore the five years I've been here versus your three month tenure."
"We violate due process at Gitmo to foreigners, why not do the same here to Americans? Whenever I bring stuff like this up, someone always says something about how I'm against police and siding with criminals. Not for nothing but, if one sides with the people detaining citizens and withholding their civil rights and torturing them, they're the ones siding with criminals, not me."
It will be de_italy. Map predictions?
"Yes, because measles is always a minor illness, measles is the only thing we vaccinate against, and vaccines regularly cause diabetes, MS, asthma, etc... Measles only lasts for around 2 weeks, it's important to keep enough Vit A in your diet, apart from that let it's run it's course. If you take Aspirin during Measles it can kill you. So there's not much money to be made from Measles. However, if you trade Measles via Vaccinations for Diabetes Type 1, MS, Asthma etc then your one of Pharma's customers for life; they love their regular customers!"
"Omg EoC is awful, play 07 RSC/2/3 Comparison: White Knight's Castle - Looking North"
Yeah Walcott is defo better than Bale Walcott v Bale (stats)
Even though you've contributed to the thread I'm going to downvote you because I disagree. It should be the spirit animal of Reddit.
"why would (Israel) not welcome in an undisclosed number of UNKNOWN Muslims from an area that has long denounced Israel's very existence.... SHOCKING I know right? Why is it OK for the jews to close off access to their country, but europe has to let everyone in? Why aren't the jews considered racists? But those in europe who close their borders are?"
"Gravity theory is something conjured up by experts to keep the plebs down, don't you know ! I find it remarkable that no one in this debate is bringing up geography. In reality the largest trade partner for most countries is a geographical neighbour. Geographical proximity enables some trade which simply doesnt happen across larger distances even if you have the best possible trade deal. I find it remarkable that Brexiters look at this chart and conclude that they're better off leaving."
"I don't know man, those blue hairs in Old Northeast are sure rowdy... Mostly just on the southside."
They were just zipper merging! BMW driver decides to skip the queue.
Still runs cooler than a reference 290x amirite You're braver than i am
"I heard a prince of dubai just figure out stroke... It's called ""Stroke"" in photoshop. ... easy to remember since the lack of it seems to be giving you one."
"If only more bystanders were packing, it would have fixed everything. Customer fires at shoplifting suspects at Auburn Hills Home Depot"
"Do you wear burlap sacks? I don't own flannels, workboots, boat shoes or any OCBDs."
"TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT ""Bawal mag-live"" ng Duterte speech. Para walang ebidensya na hindi nag-iimbento ang media."
I think you dropped this See how many 3's there are? Something's confirmed.
You mean people play the game for fun at that Elo because they don't really care about their Elo or stats? no one takes high elo solo queue seriously
turns out nip it still the best team ever This amazes me everytime I see this
Great Simon Kinberg Confirms New Gambit Shooting Start Date
"Those republicans know how to party! Tea Party NY Gov Candidate's E-Mails Exposed: Racism, Porn, Bestiality .. Caputo accused Democrats of wanting to change the subject from substantive issues to ""having sex with horses."""
"Shocker. TIL studying economics makes you less likely to cooperate with others when playing the Prisoners Dilemma. The more years you have studied economics, the more self-interested you become."
"""his home gets dirty, he moves out and builds a new one"" cause he's a nomad and he's dirty! ""the two eskimos admire the wooden buildins of the white man"" lol, when was this made"
"Wear a suit to the PT test and shorts and t shirt to the written. Give me your energy PT and written test tomorrow, give me your energy. And last minute advice &lt;3"
"Because the definition of racism is institutional racism and individual racism is a myth The only time I've heard a non-white use this term is in the context ""reverse-racism doesn't exist because only white people can be racist""."
All regulation is created equal. They regulate you and tax you for your own good.
"yeah, it's totally him, it's not like some random dude could make a Twitter. Gabe Newell Made a Twitter."
"Quality loss for A&amp;M, SEC is very deep this year Miss St beats Texas A&amp;M 35-28, so much for them at #4"
Yea what Ted Cruz did was really honorable and not selfish or petty. It was such a mess most companies didn't even want their name on it and the best celebrities that Trump could manage to get people I've never even heard of oh and that guy from duck dynasty couple that with the fact that trumps wife can't even write her own speech without plagiarizing and the two runner-up candidates to trump either weren't there or literally told Americans to vote for someone else I don't think you can get any worse than that.
"I guess I should have added a It doesn't, boiling your water will increase lead concentrations. It's only effective against bacterial contamination. Unfortunately it's part of the standard ""dur, I don't know"" reaction to any water-related problem."
"If everyone got their $10 steaks on sale for $5 then the chefs would go out of business! definition of objectively is: not influenced by personal feelings, interpretations, or prejudice; based on facts So it doesn't really make sense to me. You have a $5 crappy piece of steak. Or you have a $10 piece of steak that you got on sale for $5. That's objectively better. Why would you take the first one? I think that if you say the 2nd is better, and have the option to choose one or the other, and you still take the first, then that makes you not part of the Masterrace. I understand there's exceptions. Such as owning a console and then coming to realize that the PC is better and not having enough money to buy a PC. But excluding the exceptions, it doesn't make sense to me. Unless all console gamers are exceptions? Could someone explain this?"
The quality of the comic is the best I've seen in my entire life. Especially on a Sunday night.
"Yeah, let's see what more we can do to make him seem like Goldberg... That'd be cool. Like a fisherman's jackhammer."
"maybe he failed at Wat. No seriously, what's your problem with these photos and how do they contradict the core values, if that's what you were implying?"
"if you want well illustrated points, switch channels when amy schumer is on Thanks for further illustrating my point."
"A real bargain - If I pack my lunch next week, I can afford two of them Only $112k now. Wow."
"Because Javascript's functions are obviously related the the word size of the host machine. To me, the interesting thing is that octal was still seen as worth pursuing for a language that was developed in, what, the early 1990s? The appeal of octal seemed to disappear as machines with 6/12/18/36 bit words fell out of favour for 8/16/32 bit ones."
"Yup, should be murdered. Exactly!! I don't feel bad for anything that happens to anyone who was committing a crime (or violation, or whatever) - you were doing something wrong, you accept the consequences, whatever those may be! Especially for cases like this where these guys brazenly illegally ride unlicensed vehicles throughout the city, breaking all sorts of laws, and think they can just get away with it. How do people just think they can do whatever they want?"
"Misandry is such a joke, you need power to oppress people. She spelled ""misandrist"" wrong."
Nope Because no one intelligent ever used a dialect different from the one you use?
"Roger corman made like 5 movies with exactly the same plot as Shawshank Redemption except they starred women and were arguably way better I think people are getting too comfortable with the idea that a plot needs to be special in order for a movie to be a hit. Take Shawshank Redemption. It's about a guy who falsely goes to a corrupt prison and escapes. Even at the time when the film was made, that plot was very unoriginal. The real beauty came from what happened in between everything. Not to say that Dredd approaches Shawshank Redemption but I think using the argument that a plot is shit is irrelevant to whether a film is good or not."
"Ya, because I totally want to download two apps to run one website. This idea."
I blame the Zionists... Why I Was Fired - latest Salaita article in The Chronicle of Higher Education
"Fox gif, cool Taki.gif"
Basically - Fallout 4 has the same FOV scaling as TF2. Too much FOV! Game Screenshot
Maybe you'd get home faster if you stopped making time-lapse videos on your way home everyday It takes me two hours to get home every day from school. Here's a video I made of my trip.
"Just like if you sent me into orbit a couple times, I'd be an astronaut The Pioneer Press is a newspaper only because it is printed on paper."
"But but it's because the poor people aren't working hard enough! How ""incentives"" work"
"Well at least they're thinking about it, that's all we can ask for at this point. DICE thinks about VoIP for PC."
"and they're usually black and scary, so really it's ok if we make a few mistakes. Death Penalty: Killing guilty people.... or, like, most of the time killing guilty people."
"To be fair what are the chances of another boulder coming down right next to the other large boulder? that really is amazing they would build the house there. i mean, even in the before picture, there are massive boulders right next to the house. who says, ""yea, those fell RIGHT THERE NEXT TO WHERE WE'RE BUILDING, but there's no way they'll hit the house""?"
"Combat effectiveness at every size Oh god, the fat pride tumblr bums won't ever shut up about this when they find out."
...the game hasn't been glitchy for me at all since the updates. I completed a daily challenge last night and I received not a damn thing! :/
Those people will all teach themselves to be Android app programmers and so forth. Do they factor in technology growth that is increasingly decoupled from labor? When the driverless car is viable in the next few years millions of transportation jobs will be lost. Those who control fleets of automated taxis (Uber most likely) will be raking in the benefits of that growth while the lower classes lose out (yet again).
The animated series all the way! If I wanted to watch Star Trek for the first time what series should I watch? I feel like starting from the beginning may be the wrong way to go since it's so dated. Any suggestions for a good place to start?
"Yeah, we should lock everyone up for life. This. But I think recently we're seeing liberal judges be extremely lenient on repeat offenders so I believe that crime will start to increase again."
Because being a prostitute means you cannot have civil liberties Taiwan student movement's 'Sunflower Queen' exposed as prostitute
"good thing we rushed the build, and made driving in this city intolerable, so that it would be ready at the same time as the trains Now if only there were trains for the tracks..."
NO YOU SUCK DIE IN IN A HOLE I think it's fine to be honest. Advertising will just attract jackasses... Most of the people are pretty level-headed in the subreddit at the moment.
"Wow racism is cool He was an inch away from Ray Ricing that chick. And, yes, I am saying that because he's black."
"It was RX 480, r u even watched computex bro ? Get your facts straight. The RX 470 is advertised to have 2.8x perf/watt over the last generation. Getting it up the ass in Europe is a well known fact."
"EVERYTHING! ELI5 What is Andromeda going to change for Android users? It seems like many people are excited over this, but I'm having a hard time understanding what exactly is going to change. From what I've read, Android is going to be largely unchanged, and with Chrome OS already running Android apps, what exactly is Andromeda going to bring to the table? Will someone using a PC and an Android phone even be impacted by it? Thanks."
"si... por que chespirito no se merece todo eso no tanto asi pero... que tal si ... si el gobierno le pidio a televisa que transmitiera 24/7 la noticia y al final de cada pinchi programa nos hicieran un homenaje y maraton de su vida, historia y un tributo...seria muy pinchi justo la neta...pero... creo que no debemos de distraer al pueblo cuando esta al borde de una revolucion"
The lower framerate is for a moar cinematic feel Is the frame rate really fucked up or is it just me?
"Daaaaaaang, get rekt Magno, whoever you are. Classic DK combo's"
"Hummingbirds, some of the friendliest looking birds in the world, sureeee are creepy. I found a hummingbird in my liver..."
So grep's an antivirus program now? I never knew how easy it was to scan for viruses
"Did you think that one up yourself? Whoa, be careful! Try not to cut anyone with that edge!"
"But the fappening was about women, and Hogan is a man! And let's not forget: When The Fappening happened, Gawker Media was super quick to call everyone who looked at those pictures sex criminals, but when they leaked Hulk Hogan's sex tape, they refused to take it down, even after Hogan asked them to."
"Why not, they're not real people anyway. So you're advocating a ban (financial based) on the poor having children. It's not what you're aiming at, which is children having better lives, but the result is the same; a wealth-based barrier to having kids. Actually, it's the poor having all the children anyway, so maybe we should just do what you're advocating and solve overpopulation."
Yea I bet the guys working the counter are shiftless lazy bastards who don't shave and just sit on the internet all day commenting on lolcats and not contributing to their local community. Those signs are very unprofessional.
Is this Bringer of Rain? Now I really have no chance of getting hit.
"This is why the holocaust happened. Yes. They probably order tap water and a side of lemons, then use all of the sweetener in the caddy to make DIY lemonade."
"shut up eu cuck HLTV needs to understand one good tournament performance does not mean going from 13th to 6th, yes liquid performed well, but I still don't think they deserved that. It took Cloud9 around 3 tournaments to get to 5th and now liquid are only 19 points under?"
wow those poor invaders their families should sue the shit out of the little fucker! Son shot home invasion suspects with AK47
Yeah and we all know how well THAT worked out for them You people should have kicked out CDMA long ago. Like Japan did.
"Wow, you can really tell how in touch he is with the average American Donald Trump Sent the U.S. Government a $32 Million Bill For His D.C. Hotel"
"It doesn't have to be valid if it's tough. Turns out ""bomb the shit out of them"" isn't a valid plan."
"should've added the hate to break it to you dude, but there's like a 0% chance you'll be surrounded by the same people you are now in even 10 years, that's life."
WEST COAST BIAS Lee is insane in and out of cuts though and dangerous after the catch. I am a big Pac-12 fan and I think Lee will have a much better career than Benjamin. Guy can just flat out ball.
But my guy is one of the good ones! U.S. Congressional Approval Averages Weak 17% for 2016
"You could try a Richard Dawkins mask. Is there some sort of symbol I can wear to indicate that I've heard the gospel and have rejected it? In the interest of not wasting your time, that is."
Til Charleston style was a 50s dance style... Daft punk and 50's works well
ps4 is more powerful because it has gddr5 faggot The Average PC Cost According to Console Peasants
"Oh someone using the Arc Cannon as intended, better do a YouTube video about it! the Arc Cannon ricochet - 1 shot 3 Spectre Kills"
"yaay for a society that is built on a literal pyramid scheme of exponentially growing population! Gross. Most governments will always favor procreation over no procreation. It sucks, but it's just the reality of things. This is also why I never really truly get upset or disturbed when natural disasters happen."
"I think we can cut them some slack after those 6 or so straight weeks of amazing deals, right? I don't think Sony is trying."
"I don't see this backfiring at all July 10th guys, be ready..."
Aren't ballistic umbrellas illegal? This fucking umbrella
everyone b/c everyone would do the same things Things nicer than Nadeshot
"It's probably at least as complicated as making vive games work on the rift and as we all know that doesn't work I doubt we'll be seeing something like that soon. Games that are made for the Rift use the Rift API to do so - as far as I know. I am not really involved in game-development, but a hack to run Rift games on the Vive, seems to be as complicated - and perhaps impossible - as trying to turn a directX game into an OpenGL one - as a hack, mind you."
"Probably using their coaches wall hack residue to get their info Kinguin not using any of their players as IGL but their coach - Discussion In the interview after the VP game, ScreaM just said that they are not using any of the 5 actual players as an IGL. Their coach (forgot his name sorry) is calling apperantly. What are your thoughts on that? Discuss! :)"
"No more South Park for her? MRW my 9yr old step-daughter asked me with a straight face if I had ever ""queebed"" or ""varted"" before."
Apparently Tony Abbott is orchestrating this too. Islamic State: Militant group calls on supporters to kill Australians 'in any possible way'
"Wait, what are you talking about?CAs and Oceania are already merging, do you have a problem with that? Well, there are pretty much no more mergers after this. No more weak countries trying to find help in the strong and no more friends willing to merge. So it doesn't really matter in the end."
"we can just get that for free if we want, we only have to walk into a bar and offer ourselves, everything's easy for us like that... Set up my own dominatrix site but women dont seem to want additional humiliation and sexual degredation."
"Claro... Porque en lugar de apuntar a una Epson que eran mas baratas, compran lo mas caro. Te la imprime Boudou en una HP 692 de esas que hacen ruido como si fueran a despegar."
"It's all natural, how can you not like the taste You think weed tastes bad??!!"
"You mean you don't remember every little minute, boring detail of conversations you have at bars? As someone who can actually get laid, you are such a fucking liar with that dialogue."
"Sounds fair to players that don't know how to set up commands for B Hopping Question about using commands for B Hopping. Would I be allowed to use a toggle jump key if that is possible, for example instead of scrolling the scroll wheel I would press a key and continuously jump until I press it again. Is this not allowed?"
"map madness event confirmed Screw the events, just release some new maps already..."
How long was your safety stop? My buddy and I were called to recover a car last night.
Obligatory *But women cant be sexist...*
"Thats why the player numbers only know one way No, but posts like this pop up every patch and those people end are generally still playing afterwards. But you are free to stop playing, no one can force you if you don't want to."
"What, these people are only improving race relations. How to get people to despise and hate you 101."
hurr-durr hockey is canada's game team russia haz no class canada #1 THEY KNOW NOTHING ABOUT CLASS LIKE OUR GOOD ONTARIAH BOYS
They're built like an SEC team Louisville is in the sec?
"Gravis and Monmouth are the best pollsters on Earth Two new Iowa polls: Clinton 57, Sanders 25. Clinton 46, Sanders 32."
Well if you can't boil it down you're just not trying hard enough. Its almost as if its a complicated issue and cant be boiled down into some black and white issue that redditors so often love to do
"Is this one of those ""shreds"" videos? Lil Wayne Guitar Solo"
"Time to slip up the tower with a big tube of crazy glue? Plus nobody needs them anymore -- we have clocks and cell phones with reminders. At this point it's hard to see them as anything but a religious privilege to annoy people, exercised for its own sake."
"Yep, saying women are on the mental level of children is *so not misogyny*, u guise. Well of course not. Women? Having a mind of their own? nonsense! A ridiculously misogynistic statement, and its the feminists who are shouting it from the rooftops."
"But I'm a reddit youtuber, I obviously have no life so I watch everything there is to watch, but since I watch everything, I can't remember everything correctly Can people on reddit stop pretending they watch all regions and have the knowledge to actually make statements with any validity? Stop making predictions, rankings, etc., about worlds. Stop repeating what you heard an ""especialist"" say on summoning insight. Stick to memes."
"Sexism Why is it when a girl gets a vibrator it's seen as a bit of naughty fun. But when a man orders a 240v Fuckmaster Pro 5000 blow up latex doll with 6 speed pulsating ***, elasticised anus with optional built in realistic orgasm scream surround sound system he's called a pervert?"
"The one who gets fucked is hetero, the one doing it is clearly gay Are you high? Does that mean lesbians who use dildos are straight? Gays don't have the monopoly on butt-stuff, it's 2015, everyone can take it in the ass no judgements"
Stafford Which starting QB has the weakest arm? Someone similar to Peyton Manning from last year.
"A total stranger that disregarded my wishes and preferences and instead decided to tell me why he is the right man for me has changed my mind See how his behaves? Well, let's see. He's completely disregarding your wishes right off the bat. I think you have your answer right there."
We need to do a fundraising for that poor man Oh no! Now he'll only have millions of dollars :[
"Yeah fuck Patch Adams TIL that when the University of Sheffield polled 250 children, all 250 reported that they disliked clowns as hospital decor"
I think he meant Your comment is trying too hard. Tone it down.
And Reid is slightly better than Shula. I would say he's a slightly better Aaron Rodgers
That's because they were in slowmo For the most part he was on the money. A few of those throws took a little to long to get there. Pretty good overall.
"Yeah stupid civilians, it's their fault that they didn't get bombed by the Israelis! Saudi FM on civilian casualties in Yemen: ""This is warfare"""
Was going to insert pussy joke but I'm too classy for that. Yes that was me. Kitsch the cat. Which Carolee believes has been reincarnated 3 times since it's death. Old cat lady. ;)
Aren't the Dolphins teal? The Teal Curtain
Isn't it nice to see Christians and Muslims getting along? Fort Worth pastor says 'God will finish' what the Orlando shooter started
"""Not only did she ask for it guys, but *she's* actually the perpetrator!"" I think she is sexually harassing passers-by by showing her ass like this. Ass is a sexual organ, because people have sex with it."
Muh Arab Spring! Gaddafi was a wall that stood between Europe and barbarians.
"The Kings must be showing up today! Well, they certainly played a great 3 minutes in the first period."
Women can fight get over it Women can't fight don't be silly
Looks like you're going to be a great parent to that bastard child make me
"intelligent design of course, For Fucks sake how do these idiots justify their computers, smart phones, medical technology etc.."
"No statute of limitations in runescape, GG. haha i remember that as it was yesterday lol"
"no man i love purposefully voicecracking on purpose all the way through covers with shitty kazoos in the background you just don't get my art This is a joke, right?"
"am giants fan, can confirm i think about nothing besides wishing i were a dodger fan.... If my team were in the World Series, the SF Giants would be the last thing on my mind. I'd be wayyyyy to excited and happy to go through the trouble of making a sign like this to take to a game. I think that pretty much sums up *some* Giants fans. They are simply way too preoccupied thinking of us to be happy about their own team."
"Wait, you didnt accept exposure as an adequate form of compensation? I was offered the chance to work MSI alongside @ggDoA and @MonteCristo but had to decline - here's our statement"
A pervert is someone whose sexual values or practices are different from mine. An article written by a duke university student who happens to be a porn star. Many points of debate/discussion... share your thoughts!
"but Super Bowl is one weekend event you understand where Qatar is right? how could you think the Super Bowl would clash with a soccer tournament, it would be the middle of the night while the Super Bowl was going on?? the fact that this nonsense is being upvoted is ridiculous"
Because OKC refs How are the Spurs in the bonus before us?
Well they live in a trailer so everything they do is automatically trashy how is this trashy?
"I didn't realize we're siding with Hamas and thinking it's totally ok! wow, to think you feel normal making a comment like that. This is talk from a mad mind."
Do you think she knows? Lara Croft raiding records
"If you have a decent pc and you don't care so much about ethics [you can always emulate it] Am I the only one who is going to buy Xenoblade X without playing the first? I would, but it's waaaay too expensive, too much for a Wii game (except SMG 1)."
Which is why you vote UKIP. One brave citizen stops a Daily Mail reporter on the street with her election fears
"No man, he's totally right and not just a fucking twat. hahaha well that's a fuck of a bummer"
"They want to show how much dedication and skill it takes to make the worst MAX in the game work, isn't that obvious? How is PPA relevant at all? Also, I don't believe that you think the NC MAX is ""the worst in the game"". There has to be some reason that it is the primary class of at least 1/2 of your outfit!"
Filthy Casual I think I'm addicted. .
"But if you read my 15 page essay, my dissertation on power levels and the proof of the Injustice video game, you'll learn that the real winner is Aquaman. Right. But superman would win. Fucking bullshit man."
"Flawless logic as i expected it from this sub . Hey liberals, if we should ban guns because a few of them kill, shouldn't we also ban Muslims because a few of them kill? Front page - let's go guys. Liberals must answer."
"That's my point, it's clearly Yes, I'm sure Did Anjos just sent a picture of a Google Images foot to Dana because he wanted to miss the biggest payday of his career."
Dana doesn't fucking flipflop you jack off Dana flip flop again on next challenger? No way!
"Yes, because the government has been the saint in this all along. Steve Keen, one of the few economists to have predicted the global financial crisis, interviewed on BBC HARDtalk - his solution: write off debts and nationalize the financial system (24 min.)"
It's coming from EU where dd/mm/yy is used instead of mm/dd/yy. 11/9? Where's that coming from?
"It's that damn rap music destroying the youth I tell ya! Rap culture? Like recording music in a studio with friends using software staying off the streets writing poetry and utilizing musical talent, then letting the world hear your expression? Yeah, shame on you will, look what it did to you!!!!! The fuck?"
"But he has a petition! Well Rory, you need planning permission to erect a large sign and thankfully the planning authorities treat everyone equally."
"Psh, he probably didn't even have a degree! Good guy police officer, he was super apologetic for disturbing us and even stayed to make sure we verified nothing was missing."
The ontological argument shown is so convincing that I am now a die hard Christian. I am interested to know why?
"Because a super raw, mediocre offensive rookie is really gonna push them over the edge this year That coupled in with the first overall pick made them favorites i think."
"But, but critical thinking ! It has been shown that the Saudis funneled money to the 911 hijackers. They had deep tires with Osama bin laden. They are the primary funding for Wahhabi Islamic terrorism around the globe. You're trying to tell me after all that, and the fact that our government has tried its best to keep all that shit out of the news (because we're ""allies"") that they ""coerced"" this information? To what aim? I'm not fucking around here, our government has routinely defended Saudi interests, and tried their best to paint them is a positive light. All of a sudden they're going to torture a confession out of someone saying negative shit about Saudi Arabia. You call this islamaphobia, but this is about a country. A country that falsely imprisons people, beheads people, and funds terrorists around the world. We have every fucking right to distrust Saudi Arabia, and I'm not surprised people immediately accept this as truth. You know why? Because the shoe fucking fits. Go sit on your high horse somewhere else."
Civil infraction murder? I mean it's certainly not misdemeanor murder...
"Why would they when they have snipers like linden vey, Chris Higgins, jannik Hansen, Derek Dorsett, and brad Richardson? It's so frustrating watching this organization try and force a square peg in a round hole. Kassian is a big-bodied offensively-creative forward, not a grinder. He has his defensive deficiencies, but he's worked on it and continues to improve. The team isn't scoring at all so why not give Kass a legitimate shot in an offensive role and see what he can do?"
"Clean water, cars that dont blow up, and hot dogs with no fingers of workers , are so just not worth it. Federal Regulations Have Made You 75 Percent Poorer - The growth of federal regulations over the past six decades has cut U.S. economic growth by an average of 2 percentage points per year"
Outplayed This game likes to kick you in the balls when you try and do something cool
OMG YOU SHOULD TOTALLY SUE. My friend brought Mac and cheese from home when he spit this out.
I can't believe this hasn't been done before! A new less evil candidate has joined us in this election. Join us.
Lol woody completely gave up and wrote like a god The crew signed my GOT book at paintball :)
"Yes, Messi is not good enough to be appreciated. why do people have to hate on other players? what is wrong with Messi?He not good enough for you? There are many great players out there and pirlo is one of them but there is no need to say fuck messi just because you dont like him or whatever.. he worked hard to get where he is too."
Wonder if it has anything to do with what Trump said about POWs? Honestly I haven't seen a single Trump lawn sign. I live in Colorado in the mountains and there were a lot of Romney signs this time 4 yrs ago. The one guy who hangs a POW/MIA flag up at his house has a Clinton/Kaine sign on his driveway.
That's a great title. Westboro baptist
"oh yeah, because the Civilization series is known for being very historically accurate Going by Civ 5 feats, Longbowmen can fire an extra tile away. In-game, this essentially means they're firing over hundreds of miles away with complete accuracy - depending on some maps, you can fire across entire continents and channels this way. Longbowmen 10/10"
There must be if someone put up a website. Are there any aquarium hobbyists in SLC?
Or because it's in English. She's not an SJW. Her sign is a response to the 'Make America Mexico Again' play on Donald Trump's 'Make America Great Again'. She's saying that Europeans should conquer Mexico again. The savages she's standing near don't understand because of the Bell Curve.
"And black people can't be racists. Analysis of textbook arguing that sexism against men doesn't exist, and that women can't be just as sexist as men"
so unlike reddit? Which are being actively brigaded
shit man forgot the Way to cherry pick.
Well I mean it is about a cult Dude...growing up mormon (not now) and playing that game is weird. VERY mormon feel to that game.
"That's something for the OK legislature to take care of, and cracking down on queers and abortion clinics is far more important. Good thing we insist on having rotting old infrastructure that can't withstand a hard impact."
"The CIA would never lie! Secrets, Politics and Torture | FRONTLINE documentary accuses CIA of providing false information and propaganda to the producers of ""Zero Dark Thirty"" (2015)"
"Fallout 4 Good, fun, multiplayer games to play with friends, where you can skype with them, or not? Hey guys, Sometimes i just stare at my steam library at all the singleplayer games i either havent finished or just cant find myself playing mainly because i get lonely quickly, i kinda need human interaction and playing with someone else. Whta good multiplayer games are th ere OTHER than CSGO (alrady play it) that allow me to make friends, talk, chat, or even get my own friends and play with? thanks for the reccomendations."
""" So is part of Russia, yes?"" But But..."
"ah yes, no hypocrisy here. Good. Fuck those bigots"
"But people don't die from guns in places with lots of guns, don'tcha know. He really should have conducted more research before deciding on Texas as the safest destination in the US for a practicing Muslim."
Putin Can we have a poll of who we are all going to be voting for in the 2016 election?
"yeah this is what we lack here - body language ""expert"" because they are soooooo popular on TV , so why not here too amiright ? The Saudi's body language, stiffly sitting facing away as much as possible from the Israeli and looking at him roughly 3 times throughout, betrays a deep seated hate. Compare that to the Israeli's much more relaxed pose and constantly looking him in the face."
It has to be tyloo's best map if TL lost since when does cobblestone became tyloo's best map?
"edit : you cant farm a skadi at 18 minutes? I was going to comment on how slow the timing was, but man. you. Im afraid you dont belong in the dota subreddit for extrodinary memers"
"Literally the coolest thing Yeah and whenever you see an Android, it's always a Samsung. So when you see another device it's the coolest thing."
"M. Night deserve to die. I can understand that and accept it from actual fans but I see a lot of people who aren't fans or say they've outgrown him completely shitting on the dude. Let's say I used to like Tarantino a lot but not as much these days because my tastes have changed. If there's a post about Tarantino making a movie, I'm not signing on just to say how he hasn't been good in years and his fans are fucking stupid for liking him still. Kevin Smith seems to attract these kinds of responses more than any other filmmaker I can think of. Except maybe Shamalayananyan."
Top-Notch interviewing skills Ryan. Marty O'Donnell discusses getting fired and the lawsuit with Bungie for the firs time.
"I think it might be Ros, Ham, Vet at least a few times so we can look forward to that diversity. Ham Ros Vet ayy lmao"
"Maybe you should check your network connection. ""Unable to connect to EA servers at this time. Please check your network connection or try again later."" Hadn't played fifa in a week, decide to come back, its been saying this when I try to log in for 3 days straight. I can get onto my account on the web app so it isnt banned, anyone else having this problem?"
So is that your real name? I have a distinct name and family history. My new business cards should save some time.
But minwax dark walnut makes everything look better! Thanks! I didn't think it needed any walnut stain.
Because of course any opinion that contravenes the hive is trolling. 1/10 should not troll again
"I'm glad that the future workforce is not committed to their education or hard work Why should that matter? If I pay for my college education, you should have no right to tell me I cant miss a class. If I can graduate/pass and only come to 50% of the classes, that should be fine. If I fail, thats my own fault for not coming. Im an adult, not a child."
"Because being on video camera totally makes it impossible to identify someone. Nah, he'd need to get your name to sue you. Pretty sure I wouldn't stick around after something like this."
Mindgames in their purest form! Is this what 20XX looks like?
"Get out with your sympathy It's understandable that you are against an independent Kurdistan, just like Spain is against an independent Catalonia, and England against an independent Scotland."
Don't forget to subscribe! Bioshock for iOS is out!!! Check out the review!
"But it'll all be better when new renderer jesus comes to save us all right? It's the engine. It uses about 50% of my CPU, and 15% of my GPU (970). 15% of a 970 is all it takes to render the frames the engine is able to give the GPU. So that's about right. To some degree it doesn't matter what you have with this game engine. In ArmA 3, I play a lot of single player missions in the blackfoot that I've made in the editor myself. I overclocked my CPU from 3.5 to 4.3GHz, and upgraded my GPU from a 660 to a 970 and didn't gain a single frame. The only thing that changed was my CPU use went from 70% to 50% avg, and my GPU went from about 50% to 20%."
"Yes, I'm sure that will be their conclusion. Sadly, Motorola is going to see that it's not producing as many sales as hoped, and come to the conclusion that they need to forgo the vanilla Android, and begin spicing it up with a bunch of custom tweaks."
"Well clearly, the car was the driver! Sounds like driver error...."
Time isn't scarce so how can you waste it well I just wanted to waste my time on you lot
"I hope he makes it. With four more wins, Bill Belichick will pass Curly Lambeau as the fourth winning-est head coach of all time."
"He wants that sweet sweet Link Karma yeah I think so too, but he's still posting a ton and I was making light of it. Although I could do without the official SmashCaaps clickbait."
It's like you can't have a party in Austin any more. Austin Police arrest woman for DWI after food fight in moving car
Taxed Enough Already! Because 'libertarians' are republicans who smoke the ganja but still hate gay people and the poor.
"Ha, and that's why Sweden has maintained is glorious image with all its new muslim refugee inhabitants. accidents happen"
I thought it was just a v! /ooc So did most of my friends. It's really mind-boggling that most people don't even check the background of a game they have played for more than 300 hours. They had no idea Skyrim was part of a series. ^^It ^^^says ^^^^it ^^^^^right ^^^^^^on ^^^^^^^the ^^^^^^^^cover
"At least we got Gerson for a steal of only 18 million, right? I was angry as hell when Pjanic left, but now I'm just mad at Sabatini for negotiating a bad deal. Again. I just read a comment on CDT in which Pjanic said he was closer to us than Juve. Management knew about the clause but didn't do anything about it. I just feel sad now honestly. When I see pictures of him celebrating after scoring at the Olimpico and then watch our team struggle without him. He left because he wanted to win and he is peaking. I want to feel angry at him but in the end it was poor management which is at blame. He just did what was best for his career."
"Because feminists don't take male rape seriously! (Joak about boy being raped by teacher) ""If the child was a girl, people would be going ape shit right now."""
"True, rapists have a very strong sense of fashion and they would prefer a mini skirt over a nasty looking turtleneck. Are we surprised? A man is not gonna rape a coherent girl in a turtle neck over a drunk girl in a mini skirt. It's basic logic."
"But books are controlled by the marxist-liberal bias, and don't allow me to kill people like video games do duderbros should try reading some books once in a while, rather than argue with people on the internet."
"brilliant, so loss of crores of public money by incompetence is ok as long as it isnt corruption and these are not corruption charges as claimed. they are more like incompetence at best."
"Well I mean he's Gallagher, he's hot shit He actually came to the casino I work at about 2 years ago. The guests liked him but he was a dick to the cocktail servers and other employees. He acted very entitled."
"He is so fucking cringeworthy with his JUST BLAZE. Yea Ray never ran the whole ""cake less"" thing into the ground at all"
"I think you're missing a macroline. Getting back into the sport after a few years away, here's my gear!"
They won't need their starting secondary when they play us Multiple Rutgers players arrested
"Of course they have to split it evenly...she lives there too! Holy shit this is hilarious. Almost burst out laughing when I saw 81 Fahrenheit converted to Celcius. You're going to be even less happy when you get your heating bill which he'll no doubt insist you share, LOL. So yes, this is ridiculous. It's even more weird that this has been going on for so long. Probably why he thinks he can just carry on. Any sane person knows this is absurd. He needs to grow up and learn the art of layering. Buy him a big scarf and give it to him straight."
"Yeah, keep using System.out.println, IDE are overratted anyway. Java without IDE There are some out there that share their experiences, but way too few. Are there programmers out there that use Java without IDE? - Is it productive? - I know having an IDE has its advantages, but is there somebody who doesn't use one at work? - Some experience to share?"
come on d00d didnt u know they are those super rare keys that drop from that one place let me rephrase. Since when did we ever have Tower 5 keys?
"atmosphere tastes like sweet tarts though everyone knows that Vendor's. Please put flavor cliff notes on your juice. Okay if your juice is called something like ""rain water"" or ""Dew in the meadow"" That's cool and all, just put a cliff notes on the bottle so when i pick it up I can remember what it tastes like, I can't memorize flavor profiles for the dozens of juice's I have at a given time. Nothing more infuriating the dripping a candy vape when you wanted a fruit vape because you couldn't remember what ""Atmosphere"" tastes like Example Beach Breeze e-juice 70% vg 30% pg 2mg nic Notes: Coconuts and Lime"
"You forgot the We will be testing $266 by the end of the day, Im sure."
"Is neversickbecausehelivedinabubble_icez ok? Yeah, like someone making a 'Healthy_Flamez' account then saying I'm a parody or something. We won't just ban based on the word of a seemingly 'original' account, we'll always look into the issue :)"
Nice to see you guys are keeping it classy. I'll take thirds! *I have no shame*
"the layout, it's fantastic! There wasn't really anything new in this article ..."
"They are not working hard enough, obviously. Yeah, those people who hold down three jobs and barely make ends meet are just slackers."
"2006, 2002 animation is too good for me. 2002 Kanon or 2006?"
"Yeah man he downvoted him, I'm afraid he might murder him next. Everyone is telling him to grow a pair. Or that it's not a big deal to lose Internet points. That isn't the issue that I'm seeing. If he's that much of a shithead to do this then there's no telling what this scumbag would do if he was really angry at op."
"Uh, his name's Pip Boy I made Vault Boy coaster. I hope you guys like it."
"""I was wearing the same thing as my white friends and they didn't let me in based on what I was wearing"" Yes, no way this is racism... So basically: 'Just dress better, even though people were let in wearing less formal clothes than you, oh and don't worry about the fact that it seems like it was because you weren't white.' That dude cannot seriously understand the issue at all."
People don't see the bias with a superman flair ;) but you have a superman flair but i remember you always arguing dbz character in vegata/goku vs superman. i am so confused.
Time to go downvote some of your old posts My current Karma is 1234
Thanks for the help man What the fuck am I looking at. Why are you using a seers ring
"If [baolin21 = funny ] ; then Echo ""lol"" Else Echo ""that was dumb"" ""That was dumb"" Only people that think they are special and talk as if they are the only ones who use a widely known technology will get this. Well you see... It all started when sudo -get apt... Sudo -got sick My tuxedo friends will get it."
Or stop giving in to the commies you filthy statist. Placate then with reforms.
"alcohol is bad amirite kids During the Nomad's Elergy Q&amp;A, why is Mod Kelpie drinking Kopparberg (alcoholic cider)?"
Naaah it was a foul Why are the refs making the Mavs travel? Some voodoo shit out there
Real Heroes! What it's like to be a Drill Sgt some times.
The same kind of people who donate to Trump campaign. Who the fuck give gold to Bill Gates?
"I like when I see Blue Moon listed as ""craft beer"" on the menu. What does premium even mean anymore?"
Fuck you for expressing your opinion have a downvote! i thought it was drawn out and boring
But he's a bust in fantasy football so clearly his team contributions don't matter He's their leading receiver...
"Yeah, beaten wives are hilarious. ""This is one of the funniest ""family"" photos out"" ....."
But how would they charge a ridiculous amount for an in game feature like such? What they should do is make doors like canvas' so we can draw on them.
Stayed in lab until 1 AM twice this week because my experiments aren't working and I have no idea why... Isn't science great? Friday Success/Failure Thread Friday is finally here! Tell us all about your adventures this week!
"Yea, Anime can't do a western/outlaw style, I mean Cowboy Bebop and Trigun were the worst. Anime would ruin the generally Western aesthetic of Destiny's story... @_@ Something like the Terminals in Halo would probably be a better fit. You know, Bungie and all that."
"Ah yes cops should just wait til criminals are good and ready to be arrested. So, it comes down to whether the cop is using his taser as a compliance device or as a self-defense device. If the cop believes himself to be in danger and uses the taser to defend himself, then great; he's ensured his safety without killing the person he's afraid of. The taser works. If he uses the taser as a compliance tool -- ie, he gives a command, and uses the taser as a punishment if his command is not obeyed -- many people (including myself) regard that as torture, and as an illegitimate use of force. If he were using his night stick to beat her until she complied with his command, it wouldn't be any more violent or painful, but it would seem excessive to us; so what's the difference? Well, the difference is that people look funny when they're being tased, so cops can get away with using tasers where they couldn't get away with more straightforward forms of coersion."
"That's no pickup, it's an Escort. Latest pickup"
No it's the refs fault! The Bulls missed about 70 layups in the first 4 games of this series and it's Lebron's fault. LMAOOOOOOOOOOO
That diner does look pretty tasty Nope but who wouldn't want to eat the dinner anyway? O.o
"Prepare the condoms, this one will be using them tonight. Wow. That is such a shame. You look so pretty naturally, but the way you did yourself up made you look like the aftermath of snooki mating with a raccoon."
"I sleep easy at night knowing he doesn't have a private email server. GG Republicans. At least he doesn't have a private email server though, right?"
Obviously the title of his link is better! why did you post it again?
"That plan to make her non-viable is in full swing, I see. Clinton leads Sanders 57-39 in California"
You don't remember her vocal cry to replace offshore drilling with onshore drilling to reduce the risk to the environment? Astounding how she and people who follow her are completely blind to non oil based alternatives.
"Honestly, I'm more impressed that he was able to try it without a single fight. 0 battles, that's enough to tell you how much he knows about these mods"
"Yes, a schizophrenic child's hallucinations are very cool. I told her Wednesday can't hurt anyone. She isn't real. ""Yes, she can,"" Janni answered solemnly. ""She can hurt them in their head."" - That is pretty much the coolest thing I ever heard a child say."
"And then they wonder why would we ever want to go NC.. They are perfect parents that we are just soooo lucky to have.... Oh,yeah. My Nmom apologized to me twice this month. One apology started with ""If"" and the other ended with ""but"". Real narcissistic apologies. Now...a REAL apology? My Nmom has never done anything wrong in her entire life, so why on earth would she ever apologize for anything?"
Nvidia master race funny thing is you don't have a 390.
MCR reunion tour confirmed Found this on my danger days gun. What does the date mean?
"It's a known fact that every Nazi is a Trump supporter ""OMG, did you see the guy wearing a Trump Nazi armband!"" Yep. He was at a Hillary rally"
bouncer or body guard Any idea what the position is? I'm assuming something at a host/analyst desk or of the like.
Racist. Miles will never be Spidey.
"Like there's no examples of anyone doing that before... This looks barely related to Bitcoin. It seems to be the a mechanism for selling digital keys, which could be used for bitcoin, but can also be for coupons, video games and software products."
"But you work for a corporation, so aren't you just a shill for the koch brothers..? Based on his comment about corporate food I'm a chef in a corporate restaurant and I care if every customer likes my food and I like my job 80% of the time."
"yeah lets underpay people even more 18,709 VA Employees Make $180,000 or More"
"Yeah, a good woman would have just accepted any taunt thrown at them And, by his logic, only a slut would defend herself if called a slut? Or something?"
Breitbart is the only reliable source these days. aaaand have it removed 5 minutes later by SJW's.
"Oh but's it's okay cause she totally was taking it for her diabetes way before it got declared illegal! The meldonium ban came into effect on Jan. 1, 2016, and it seems a lot of athletes have been tested positive including Maria Sharapova since then, I think."
"Yes, the religion in which God becomes human (material) hates materiality. Religion Hates Materiality"
When has a conservative billionaire owning media outlets ever gone wrong? Major GOP donor Sheldon Adelson is now the owner of the largest newspaper in the state of Nevada
"You racist, greedy, hateful conservative. Welcome to being a Liberal."
"Perhaps it is time to move out of the parent's basement, so you don't have those awkward looks from mom while she's doing laundry. Can we get an NSFW so I know not to click when my mother is standing right next to my computer?"
IMO mankind is a cancer affecting the world I'd love to hear of a country that Islam has transformed into a paradise for its followers or anyone else. All I see are war torn countries with tons of in-fighting. IMO ALL religion is a cancer affecting the world.
"Can't wait for next year's version. Steve Jobs bombs, could open worse than Ashton Kutcher led Jobs biopic"
That's why we need fast lanes! It's not broken. Just not big enough.
Everyone knows you can't get pregnant on your period. Boys give the best advice.
"Guess ""big pharma"" finally completed its stranglehold on the US government! The US government is finally telling people that homeopathy is a sham"
"Cause destruction of the planet works wonders for the economy as well........ Don't worry, American women already average below the sub-replacement fertility rate. When your're old and need that care subsidized by the next generations of tax-payers I know for sure you'll be better off. Oh, also when the economy suffers from the drop in generation population."
"Wow, can't believe they created a product based off an episode of Regular Show IT'S REAL!!"
"But it's old news. This article seems to skip the main point of this collection. A majority of it is news broadcasts going back decades. This is the largest and most complete collection of US news broadcasts ever made. As I understand it the stations didn't even record their own broadcasts until recently, so these are the only known copies."
Not enough 'mrakul Fixed up the new Emrakul a bit to reflect the plot a little better
Wow I bet none of us figured that our Chilcot Report: UK Oil Interests Were Lead Motive For Iraq War
"Aren't all Norwegians Liverpool fans? Please don't hate me for asking this, but why does everyone hate The Sun? I'm norwegian, so apologies for my ignorance."
are you trying to imply that women can't negotiate as well as men? I skimmed the infographic but the discrepancy could also be due to men negotiating more often or having better negotiation skills.
So he's the first openly gay player in a sport that actually matters? No. Robbie Rogers in the MLS was the first.
"Obviously Apple is telling you to quit your job. Yeah, I work until midnight on Saturdays, so am I supposed to always go to bed at 1? I mean, I almost always do anyway, but still."
Such iconic brands created some sketches of new skins for some R6 SIEGE characters :)
didn't think I needed this: you're six games out of a seed and 3 games out of better lottery odds.
Can we make both legal? The issue is the *beating two hookers*. Not the *paying for sex.*
Absolutely he's a #2 or #3 GOAT caliber player Jason Collins Hall of Fame? Should Jason Collins make the Hall of Fame for his heroic actions?
"Sure, that's why spies haven't ever used codes or code books. The problem with codes, just like with encryption, is it is very hard to use it correctly, all the time. Even if you manage it, it's likely someone else in the chain made a mistake or that the tools you use have been compromised."
damn Polish trying to steal our capital city! What are some stereotypes about Poland in your country? I'm just curious what is the general opinion about my country is where you guys live.
"Because CEOs hire better lawyers, duh. Dem debate: Sanders blasts mass incarceration, asks why millions of black Americans are in prison, but not Wall Street CEOs"
"As long as it is DOT 4 antifreeze you should be fine. Antifreeze in the brake lines? So I'm restoring an old nighthawk, and the front brakes are dragging. I removed the master cylinder to clean it out, and the reservoir and the lines are full of green fluid that smells like coolant. Does anybody know of any reason why the brakes would have been serviced with antifreeze? Did the crazy rednecks I got the bike from strike again?"
"If he was good, he'd tune them out Annnnnd the announcers totally made Klay choke. wtf"
"Cause 0-2 years is beginner, 2-4 is intermediate, 5-9 is advanced, and 10+ is expert for all skills... Obviously that's written by a HR person who googled ""Important skills for IT people"", read WS 2016 somewhere and slapped their 5 years expectation on it."
"There were men in the video. What? Nothing even happened. He offered to pay her for sex, she said no, he told her to leave if she wanted, she refused and said she was calling the police, he then asked her not to without any threats or violence, then it ended. Where did you see almost rape in that video?"
ISIS Pharmaceuticals What companies will profit the most off the war against ISIS?
Yeah because drinking totally makes you a bad person and condemns you to a life of shitty jobs. Yeah shitty people's kids that turn out as gas station managers and shit.
Yeah it accomplished a lot I love it when a good plan comes together
"As long as riot doesn't dictate players diet, everything is fiiiiiine I'm pretty sure that, i riot's eyes, once you sign that contract you are their property. I guess it could be worse--they don't get rights assignments..."
"Old white dudes fucked up the world so now we don't get to have opinions. ""you don't see the racism/ sexism because you're a white male."" Yeah well, you're not a white male either so you don't really know how I see things do you? There's this fallacy that somehow all other groups of people have this clear and unfiltered view of the world and social issues, but white dudes have no legitimate opinion on the world."
"Like I said last time (and the time before that...), more gun safety training is guaranteed to fix this recurring problem. Teen gunplay leads to another accidental shooting in Germantown area in Philadelphia"
"Buff mei, checkmate The after effects of a Genji nerf.... Another hero will rise to take his place and will decide high ranked games like Genji currently is. An example would be Zen/Zarya/Reinhardt protecting a Mcree, then this sub will say ""All i see are Mcrees in ranked"" ,""matches are decided on who has the better mcree"", ""nerf mcree"". Yes Genji's ult needs some fine tuning, but I personally would rather see more of his counters buffed so instead of having 1 less character in the roster (If Blizz nerfs Genji to the ground) we can have multiple more playable characters ( Buff his counters and generally weak heroes) so that hero variety is increased not decreased."
because black people born in the middle east definitely aren't middle eastern I don't understand the whole black Jesus argument. Jesus was born and lived in the middle east. Why would he not have been middle eastern?
His reddit badge if proof enough Any proof ?
"You dropped this: WOW!!! This sub reached a really specific number of subscribers, how fucking amazing. OH MY GOD!!!"
Well you aren't a bitter fan boy at all. In b4 Xbox jokes when the PS4 is just as terrible as a console
Jalan menuju Negara Zikir! Jalan menuju Wawasan 2035.
"because teams have totally never stated in the past that they weren't going to do a roster change, then ended up doing a roster change Yeah this reeks of mad bullshit. Hai was on the record saying that C9 has almost no intention of even considering roster moves regarding their starting five. Also that kind of a salary, even for one of the world's best mid laners, seems really unlikely."
It's best when you are the first kill it gets TIL using the Warthog on Hardcore is a bad idea
"Couldn't find it in comment section, gracias! Totally has'nt been a popular subject around here."
"3 Warios. I have a $40 budget for May 29th, what are the best amiibos to grab at Target? I already have Pacman preordered and I'll grab Wario and Charizard later on. But considering the cash I'll have at hand, I won't be able to grab all the rares that I want. So which ones do you guys think it's best?"
"I'll hop on my level 11 We're at skolas, send me a FRIEND REQUEST on PSN for an invite, will take any level through. PSN: Battlesung send me a **FRIEND REQUEST** on **PSN** for an invite. PSN: Battlesung"
"Yes, this will severely hurt our quality of life. Guess I should be glad I don't live in America then."
"Added like 20 horsepower brah I swear I smoked a stang like yesterday Check out my ultra sweet camber angle and fender flairs! Also, we did the white lettering because JDM YO! Check out this fresh short ram we just installed on the D16Y7! #YOLOSwag"
yeah im sure waiting one more day will be hell on earth MUST. WAIT. FOR. REVIEWS. MUST. NOT. PRE. ORDER. GAH!!
But evil Thatcher closed the unprofitable coal mines so it must be the right thing to do Reopening coal mines alone is a fucking ridiculous policy for someone that's supposedly an environmentalist.
"Free bags at no frills now? Can someone please explain to me the new bag law,and why some stores (most under the Loblaws corporation) are still charging? I work as a cashier at a Loblaws owned business and I get asked every day.No one's provided me with a straight answer at work,and so my customers leave unsatisfied.I hate to do that,so could someone explain this new law to me?Just so I have a valid and real answer for them?"
Benghazi? Except for that one... When was it?... I forget.
"You don't support jobs? It doesn't support the fund managers of the world. This argument is really only compelling for fund managers, though."
I can show you skyrim...its been out for awhile. Will Skyrim be shown? I'm excited for the Special Edition
"Yeah, i have never seen atoms. Yeah everything else makes sense except visible atoms."
That was shot entirely on green screen This isn't from Meltdown?
"i feel like that would be a waste, but no it doesn't have any important files Does it have anything you need on it? Like important files. If not drill a hole in it and make it a key chain."
Because it's faked! I wonder why we cant see any stars.
"Well if you were in American, you were on *vacation* in America, not holiday in America. Brit here. Was on holiday in America, stepped into a lift, shortly followed by an American lady. I asked her what floor she wanted and she noticed my accent. ""Aww miy gawd, you're English? Do you know Dave?"" ""Dave?"" ""Yeah I met an English man here once before, Dave. Blond hair. Dave. Don't you know him?"" ""Erm, I don't know everyone in England."" She looked visibly confused. ""I thought you guys lived on an island?"" I shrugged my shoulders. She seemed puzzled, then said; ""Dave. About this high. Blond hair. From England."" Thankfully the door opened, but she genuinely believed that a brief description and first name of an English person would be enough for me to identify him."
"Physical escalation was totally justified I like how it's not okay for you to offend her, but it's perfectly okay for her to throw a book at you. No big deal, right?"
"Careful, joking is not allowed here :-P It's all doom and gloom WOW. I mean, honestly. Wow. I've lurked around this subreddit for a while since being diagnosed, but this thread has helped me realize what a cute little bunch of special snowflakes we've got on our hands here. Yeah, a lot of people stigmatize mental illness. But people here are making it out to be *so much worse* than any other kind of stigma that anyone might have to face. Also, in my experience, cracking jokes about it has HELPED me, and it has HELPED the people in my life get over some of the stigmas related to mental illness. If I can lighten the mood with a joke, it doesn't seem like such a touchy subject anymore, and it makes having an actual conversation about the illness much easier. It's not like OP is running around mocking other bipolar individuals like a schoolyard bully. All y'all need to calm down for a second and accept the fact that people deal with situations and circumstances in different ways."
Because taking birth control means you're a slut. She may well not be seeing someone. She could just be a slut.
"""Hi, you don't speak for the Trans community, that's my job!"" That's great, but you don't speak for the trans community as a whole. The vast majority of trans women will not like being singled out as ""not women, but trans women""."
sagt der Klassenfeind Haha das ist ja klasse :D
"""Honestly, if his main reason for not wanting to get married is that he'll get screwed in the divorce, that's a really sad statement on his view of life"" Yeah what an unfounded view, it's not like 50% of marriages end in divorce and women initiate 70% of them Girl hamsters on 2xC about boyfriend not wanting marriage. Gets not so surprising replies."
"As opposed to most other religions, which treat women with respect and equality. Their society places religion above women."
"But... But, misogyny, and the patriarchy! How dare you want your husband to find you attractive?!"
"Oh gee, stop being such a *feminist* with huge princess complex's! The assumption that women can't be into sports/comics/nerdom/etc unless it's rooted in male attention."
......but what about the pay gap? If the goal is equality...
Yeah because knives fuck with your mind and all Yeah this is why people can't have knives we should all cook and eat with spoons. People aren't responsible enough to use knives.
It ain't cheating until caught! everyone thinks their SO won't ever cheat on them. until they cheat on them
"Am gay, can confirm we don't have any monogamous relationships. The ramblings of an idiot"
Guys I don't think we're contenders yet we haven't beaten any good teams Post Game Thread: (Arizona Cardinals vs. Seattle Seahawks)
"Yea and watch minorities starve and old people die. ""As a liberal, I think we should abolish minimum wage, medicare/aid, and the education system."" I like how that sounds."
"Yeah, Destiny 2 is TOTALLY just a $30 expansion. Is RoI the ""Destiny 2"" we've been waiting for?"
"toxic plz report In what world does an analyst not have the right to criticize a player? LITERALLY one of the main reasons to bootcamp in another country is the soloQ itself, so when a player performs extremely bad at it for one reason or another and a freaking ANALYST calls it out the rest of the pro players jump on him, are they for real?"
So the real takeaway from this story is that the restaurant owner is obviously a greedy capitalist who can afford to pay his people more. Teenager spotted walking 10 MILES in the snow to interview for $7-an-hour job is given work on the spot by restaurant owner - who doubled his pay
"Wait, Tiger Woods isn't superman? WTF did I just read ? So we should breed Asians VS Africans VS Causasians to get SUPERMEN with high intelligence, high physical strength, who work 15 hours a day ? That's a bunch of racist stereotypes."
"Your opinion about who and who doesn't have mental disorders is so informed by ""facts"". Who are you talking to? Regardless, worthless comments like this help nothing."
Oh you poor thing She had a tramp stamp. Went against my sober judgement.
Boy that stadium will be awesome the 2016 GC! Argonauts release ticket information for inaugural season at BMO Field
he's a top 3 AR inb4 everyone starts jumping on the goonjar bandwagon/
"Well maybe we should! I can understand wanting to use normal sick days for it, but extra time for periods? Fuck that. Guys don't get extra time off when our balls itch."
"CLG DLIFT because he is so much better than any other ADC, especially Chaox. Poll: Who is your favorite player and why? Mine is definetly Misaya for both his personality and skill. Who's yours?"
"No dude even if someone as clean as Mother Theresa herself smoked a joint, she would instantly want to start injecting heroin. A big issue I have with the whole gateway drug hypothesis is that it assumes no-one goes in ever wanting anything but cannabis (or whatever this week's gateway is). I mean, I smoked my first joint knowing this was just going to be part of my drugs experience. I didn't smoke it and then decide to take LSD, I wanted to take LSD and smoke cannabis. It's a bizarre idea that only works in the minds of middle-class parents sobbing over how their little angel got mixed up with crack or smack."
"I wanted to participate in the public float of the power companies, but unfortunately I wasn't able to, as I didn't have kids at the time It's a bit like the mythical 'mum and dad investors'. *Hi folks, don't worry about the sale of public infrastructure and the subsequent privatization of the service, shares will be purchased by 'mum and dad investors' so it's all good.*"
Theyre probably all mad that theres no dual audio. Amazon Japan on Fates
It's so cringey that a politician would want to be liked by their constituents. 2008 Presidential candidates pander for votes from WWE fans.
It sure is a good thing we have such a strong defensive pool to fall back on... Seidenberg is day-to-day with an upper-body injury from off-season training
How about a one year deal? I used to love Percy. Then I hated him because he bitched and whined and pouted his way out of Minnesota. Now I just feel bad for him.
"That's too easy.. Gd thing he asked You are getting a decent amount of fps on both resolutions, so choose whichever you can see enemies with and you feel most comfortable with."
"You're right, a champion doing well in one of the millions of games played daily means they have 0 issues and are perfectly balanced because if they were truly weak they would never physically be able to do well ever. k i just got dumpstered by a katarina who got 3 pentakills, dont think she needs a buff"
"This totally wont feel like the character overload in Mortal Kombat Annihilation. According to the Russo Brothers, Avengers: Infinity War is set to feature 67 characters"
It's trance Is this Big Room?!
"no, no one does. People still play minecraft?"
"Damn guys, lets all downvote him for asking a question, that will teach him! Where can I get more info?"
Maybe *you* can't rock climb with gout... That's a bizarre excuse. Leto is a pretty hardcore rock climber. You can't rock climb with gout. It would be excruciating. Not doubting you.
"Bullshit, you'll just pull your gun out first cuz you're a pussy. Hey buddy, be careful how you swing that leg. If I feel threatened, I'm going to taze the shit out of you."
Because you have a meeting at 8:00am why are we still commuting if working from a driverless car is an option?
"65 PAC , garbage, cut him in camp. Stumbled across this guy in the 5th round. I'm about to have SOOOO much fun"
But he's *Kenyan* an *muslim* and and and *HUSSEIN* it's not even the people that make me sad. Obama gave his entirety of knowledge and wisdom into his work ... US was the greatest country on earth until few days back .... I did not see any other person like obama who could make things even close to what Obama made. If his work gets destroyed there might never be as better reconstruction
"It's okay, you can trust him, after all, he *is* the serious **e**xpert Samuel Vasquez, yet in the video, she calls him Ted... You sure you got the right article?"
At least these textbooks are sold at a reasonable price... Dang.
"""you weren't there man, you wouldn't understand!"" I think the more disappointing thing would be growing up in a country that puts people to death for drug trafficking."
"4 3 2 3 2 We're improving, next year just a 1-0 loss! Arsenal have been out scored 14-2 in the last 5 opening legs of the CL round of 16. All 5 losses."
Because helicopter kill farming on Wake Island is so hard Went 166-5 in under 32 minutes while being being outmatched by 10 people
"""Real Rappers of Beverly Hills"" -- unite! The ""White Kanye West"" updates his fans on his feelings about LaLa being back on WWHL, and his music."
It all makes sense now! I removed Ooer's brain
"Y'know, he just wasn't tall enough. Nice work. How long til the almost model/NBA player gets that taken down?"
"But can they be housed together? Cheech and Chong, Conjoined Bearded Dragons"
Can't wait to see his massive contract WEDDLE will be a raven
The band **Little Big** did a better job for Russia. Party-Backed Song Raps About Foreign Media Prejudice
\#Tank4Matthews Canadiens recall Dustin Tokarski as Carey Price suffers lower-body injury
are there any tips to not get half my fps while playing on it Nuke Tips &amp; Tricks
Have had the same thing happen to me well playing arty... of course I was called a retard when people saw it.... not like it was out of my control or anything... I think i broke WOT physics. I was driving my grill up a rock and started to tip...
"Evil Cultural Marxists did it... Dude, I could not have said it better myself. Women should have never been given the choice to vote."
"Can't you comfort yourself knowing we'll have so much more sovereignty? Brexit has me very worried for my future... I am a Biology student from the UK, currently studying abroad for my masters. I am entirely self-funded, having worked in the industry for 4 years to save for my studies. I live with my German girlfriend, with whom I am very much in love, and we were planning to move to the UK at the end of our studies to start a life together. Brexit has completely thrown that up in the air. With EU science funding now withdrawing from UK research projects I'm not sure if I would even have a future there, let alone with my ""foreign"" girlfriend who might not even get into the country in the first place or get a job. I feel like an exile from my own home. It is ridiculous, we are both university students, both ""top of the class"" in our respective fields. Why are we to be punished? All we have ever done is get our heads down and work hard. All I have ever wanted is to be an upstanding, contributing member of society. How bad has it become in the UK that our future has to be thrown up in the air like this in order to make it better for UK citizens again? Am I even included in this vision for a ""better Britain""?"
"But reddit told me everyone is poor and being murdered by cops! Haha, and not including America-- largest economy in the world, greatest research output, etc."
"I can aim myself why shouldn't I be able of using a script for it? Why macros should be banned. So I've decided to post this because of the little ""rant"" there's going on with HOUNGOUNGAGNE bhop macro video. So lets get over with it, shall we? Ban the use of marcos.. ""But why? Everything you can do with a macro, you can do yourself"" Let me give you a little example of why macros shouldn't touch a game like Cs:Go - Macros can do all sort of things, many of you most likely didn't know but it can even control mouse movements, so that you can for example make a 100% acc spray pattern for AK! Some mouses&amp;keyboards have a driver, that like g502 lets you use macros, but some of them even let you macro the movements of your mouse. Is that something anyone can do? should that really be allowed in a game like CSGO? so here's a question. How many people would be mad about macros being banable?"
will you be adding it to ssf2 that item changed my life
"Oh no, I pointed out someone was making an unnecessary and overplayed joke, I'm such a toxic person Pretty sure taking jokes this seriously is far more toxic than the jokes themselves."
"Oh no, not this shit again. Wait, if that's the drone in the picture then *who took the goddamned picture?!?!?*"
"OMG gold noob I lost 40k credits when I switched to e5 for the last 4 shots because HEAT for facehugging is7, big repair kit and cola. RIP :p"
"*All genders*, you heteronormative shitlord. Yes! Gay, bi of both genders welcome! While you are here please please please be careful of those who don't know the difference between advocating for men and attacking women. We need to support equality, and every voice that aids in that is welcome :D"
As if a vegan would have any bones left! Waiting For a Valid Argument Against Veganism
"Too much toxic masculinity in wrestling, it's highly problematic. I didn't care about gamergate but now Social Justice Bullies now trying to shit up wrestling. Wrestling for fuck's sake."
Wow what a joke..... How many Africans does it take to change a light bulb? There are no light bulb factories in Africa. Except in south Africa and they've been over run by blacks who destroyed everything. Tell me I'm wrong.
Unpublished upside: If you're still running 2003 you won't have to patch it anymore as there will be no patches. Support for Windows Server 2003 Ends Next Week
"Thanks, Obama! Kansas revenues will fall $1 billion short of 2015 and 2016 expenses, fiscal experts say"
"Uhhh got me there, you outed me as a secret Trump supporter Only a Trump supporter would complain about the mockery he so rightfully earns."
"Which will cause a nuclear winter and he will have solved global warming And I don't think anyone is ""super excited"" about Hillary, we just don't want trump to grab our vaginas and launch nukes at China for global warming."
"Following Christ's teachings I see. Bust of Germanicus Caesar, defaced with a cross (and broken nose) by Christians in late antiquity; British Museum"
totally our fault and not at all the fault of police officers who abuse and discriminate innocent people in our city. r/toronto prematurely labeling police as guilty? Not surprised
"He only had a knife, why did the police have to shoot him? 1 Suspect Dead, 9 in Hospital After Ohio State Car-and-Knife Attack. Law enforcement officials told NBC News the suspect was an 18-year-old Ohio State student, a Somali refugee"
"Maybe its a strategic tactic to get all of the other riders to think you're gonna stuff it every race so they steer clear of you? He crashed more than anyone else this season, and wasn't injured once. Lorenzo crashed a grand total of 3 times in the whole season, and injured himself twice... talk about bad luck."
Oh sorry did I forget the Wow dude it was a Joke.....what a ass
"Which are totally similar to banshee its GUI ~~Banshee from AUR?~~ I take it back use MPD, NCMPCPP, and MPV"
How else would you ship shoes in OG box then? Personally don't like double boxing tbh
"What is the difference between a financial and critical flop anyways Yep! Only made $149,000,000, total flop! Fucking Douche Donkeys"
"Subreddit called ""politics"" posting predominately one-sided attacks on a single candidate isn't biased...hmmm...TIL... Its not bias, Trump is just a joke of a fucking candidate. Nearly anybody with an ounce of reason or intellect can understand that. He's pathetic, so therefore he will get chewed on. What the fuck does the GOP expect when they choose such a poor candidate?"
I missed the I don't understand your point.
"Sorry I should have put an Cuban isn't a minority owner. As far as I know, this guy isn't sitting courtside every night and starring on a network reality show. I'm no LeBron fan, but Cuban is a bad example. Peyton Manning's *allegedly* HGH guzzling wife is a part owner of the Grizzlies. How involved is she with the team? I have no clue."
LOST What TV series had the best finale?
"Menurut fatwa MUI, dilarang menggunakan atribut dan hiasan agama lain bro. Banner for Christmas? Do we have plan about it? Christmas is incoming."
Yeah my 2 inch betta makes a fine meal. Does anyone else eat their dead fish? Does anyone else feel like it would be a waste to flush them down the toilet?
"Oh man, I hope it requires and always-on connection! The Sims 4 Domain Registered"
But Elliot Rodger disproves all that. Some men kill themselves because they can't get women to like them. So much for the muh soggy knee.
"PC Peasants Subreddit for PC gamers and all things PC, free of the circlejerk and satirical console hating from more well known subs."
"Oh, it must be incredibly hard to be an excellent physicist such as yourself in this mediocre world. Me feeling is, many people here are adoring Feynman - but when facing some original way of thinking, they're aren't capable to follow or argument it anyway - they're attacking it instead like all normal mediocre people. What they actually respect is intersubjectivelly mediated authority, not originality of ideas - which is religious way of thinking. Therefore most of you could be considered as a hypocrite trolls, who adore saints, but they're living in sins on lonesome."
"He must have just forgotten, only hillary has people who lie in the internet for her Guy gets 5 gold claiming not to use r/The_Dingus but agrees with their current whinings. He has multiple comments in r/The_dingus"
"Because dying in the fetal position is so much better This is how I imagine 90% of the ""trained"" concealed carry owners look in the face of danger."
"But in the end, all you do is press buttons, and your life has no meaning... You're comparing apples to oranges. Those are games with, often, significant differences. Slot machine games all share a common theme and play style, and probably even graphics/UI."
Your headmates don't count. i-i have friends...
"There's an identical one parked right behind it! 1957 Saab Sonett, only 5 exist"
How odd of you to think that Lambourghini owners always drags me under the impression that they're rich.
"Try using your other brains You know, I've never thought of why ""brains"" is plural in this context and I honestly can't figure it out."
"C'mon, he's just trying to break past those PC barriers and show America what it's really like. Trump making fun of a disabled reporter"
You got your women repellent? Got my Glass!
"But people should be smarter and KNOW from whom the Redemption is used from The problem is that if you think it's an ally's while its actually an enemy's, you can get baited"
She said that she made the costume.. but was it made recently for Venture Bros or did she finally come up with an excuse to share one of her many Nazi outfits? Dr. Mrs the Monarch Guild outfit - Ms. Mars Cosplay
Some antibiotics will help with that. Military Sexual Assault Victims Receive Problematic Discharges
If you don't go down see you next season villa
yea i know..... i was just writing it like that .... cause you know... 4chan tly :3 fortunately
"Ah, where my friends get all their lewd pictures, yes. You ever hear of Pixiv?"
"Tsssk you can't deny HAES with such a little sample like that. A pattern emerges: very many of them didn't see their 40th year. Compared to these people, the Venus of Willendorf was barely overweight."
"I have ADD, quit infringing on my free speech by forcing me to experience a slower mobile platform experience! So dainty, so delicate. We can't have you chipping a nail while supporting free speech, can we?"
#NO HUMAN IS ILLEGAL REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE HES GOING TO FUCKING DEPORT **ILLEGAL** IMMIGRANTS YOU IDIOTIC LIBERAL FUCKS STOP FEARMONGERING.
It would have been much cheaper to just abort the fetus 3 months ago. A five-day-old baby girl died at the government-run Civil Hospital in India as the staff stopped treatment when her father could not pay Rs. 200 charged for use of an incubator.
Then why did getting rid of her fix all the problems? well Pao was an **interim** CEO and wasn't meant to stay.
"Like it's never happened before. Oh, please."
I hate it when my side piece doesn't want to make me his primary. In which cheaters turn into white knights wondering why m'lady decided to drop them ...
but those weren't REAL Frenchmen of course! Because we don't have crazy murderers in France. It's not like a bunch of French nationals did *something* on January 7th.
"My mechanic friend is often asked by super car owners to put drum brakes on their cars, I'm impressed he can afford them! Shit Civic Owners Say"
"You're not challenger why are you here please gtfo you're ruining my high ELO conversations. That may be, but if the Q is coming from a brush midgame it's almost impossible for me to see it. I'm sorry I'm not at your level, maybe some day!"
"But this fed yi got fed in **korea** *orgasm* Well it was a fed Yi, nothing too surprising."
"It does allow you to recharge it by Microwaving your device though! iOS 9.3 is LIVE. Just remember, it doesn't waterproof your iPhone."
"(61,7 lbs for the retards) *FTFY TIFU by having a penis and lifting free weights at the gym. This actually happened a couple of hours ago unlike a lot of fuck ups on here. I was at the gym nearing the end of my lifting routine and I started do sets of shrugs with 28kg dumbbells (61.7 lbs for the Americans). For those of you that don't know this exercise, you basically hold two dumbbells on either side of your hips and roll your shoulders upwards lifting the weight slightly. Everything was going well, set 1 and 2 went without any issues and then I was on the home strait with 1 more set to go! And this is where the fuck up happened... During the first rep I rolled my shoulders forwards for some reason and my arms acted like pendulums swinging the heavy dumbbells forwards and trapping my dick between them. At this moment I felt a sharp pain piercing through my pork sword! I played it cool, kept a strait face and calmly put the dumbbells away, but the pain was getting worse inside I was thinking 'fuuuuck' I bet my old todger is a mess down there' so I waddle to the toilet to check it out. In the toilet cubical I whip out my dong fully expecting the worst, luckily it was just a flesh wound only the skin on the base of my cock was pinched by the dumbbells and the precious meat was still intact. Was soo painful! but I'm glad I didn't have to go to A&amp;E or become impotent by free weights. And to make it worse I have a date at the weekend, if I end up getting laid how on earth can explain the mark on my cock! TL;DR: Went to the gym and accidentally trapped by pork sword between two heavy weights, thought I would have to go to A&amp;E luckily it just pinched the shaft skin."
The Oilers? You guys are so much cooler than that other Texas team
I couldn't agree more! Sarcasm needs it's own dedicated font.
forgot the Tony Hinchcliffe
"sorry, forgot the I think he was being sarcastic. E85 is awesome if you want to make gobs of power, but it's a worse value than pure gasoline or E10."
"What could go wrong? so you think your boss would appreciate being sent a link to a random blog with some thoughts from someone he doesnt know / care about, telling him why he is bad at his job. that will work well.."
"Why bother, you always miss them, it's like some weird space-time bend where the AMA always finishes 10 minutes before you arrive, even if you get there early. Makes sense. Gonna camp IAmA for now."
"Yep, every country outside the EU has no debt whatsoever. I would love to see the EU crumble. Absolutely zero need for it in Europe except for putting countries in major debt and making them bend over for the EU leaders to do as they please."
"Eh, close enough. I think someone thought they were putting a picture of Adrian Peterson up and put one of Chester Taylor or whoever has 29 now instead."
i think he dropped the Whuuuut. They're upset that you *let* her cheat on you??
"but they're adding plants to help you Red and blue smite are more or less the same and the replacement for white smite is so much more useful IMO. I didn't really have that much of a problem with riot removing purple smite, but now that they're removing heavy hands (krug buff), junglers with bad early games are pretty much fucked."
"Just choose Warrior, there's your class security! Anyone have a hard time playing due to lack of class security? I used to play gw2 like 12 hours a day and eventually got bored of doing nothing but wvw and wanted to come back but recently it seems as though lots of people are calling for nerfs for various classes and i feel like if i start back up, the class i choose will get nerfed and become useless. how can people play when there is no security that your class won't be wrecked?"
"He's Irish, he's probably drunk colm meaney looks concussed haha"
Great article Third eyewitness to San Bernardino shooting says it wasn't Sayd Farook.
"Look at that another male - dominated field, as if women can't be just as good if not better pedophiles ; it sickens me Andrea Leadsom says men should not be hired to do childcare as they may be paedophiles"
"We won that fair and square. Yeah, we lost out on that gameday things to them too. hmmm..."
There is no sarcasm on Internet without I'm 99% sure that was a sarcastic comment.
TBH I would've used liquid nitrogen :P Just a bit of spring cleaning..
"but but but they didnt win the 1 flukey LAN this year The OG guys are proven champions throughout their CoD career. These guys when at their best are just on a different level. Crim has 23 championships, the guy has litterally molded Formal into more than just a human aimbot. This team is scary (online or lan). They are a family, not just teamates, this is what sets them apart from teams."
"Yea fuck you and your different opinion, eat downvotes scrub! Looks like a worse format than I thought it would be."
No bro Italian league is the best defensively Serie A is significantly weaker though
What a great Advice Animal! Undercover Kitty
"60 fps breaks the cinematic experience With just a bit of googling you can find your answer. I hear the fix ruins the cinematics, so be careful."
"Because Trump is running against an ambitious woman, so we have to apply a double standard. WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON THIS ELECTION!? WHY IS NOBODY BUSTING HIM FOR THIS BULLSHIT!?"
Felwinters? I'd like to see any other gun but Thorn do that. *shakes head*
physical violence directed towards men is hilarious! My brother and his wife got in a fight last night. She apparently used his phone as a ninja star.
"Well he could've just not tried to overtake Or alternatively, stays on track, touches Massa and then gets a penalty for causing a collision. Damned if he does, damned if he doesn't."
"Did Lyte give you this statistic? Bullshit. There is maybe 1% of players getting ""boosted"" to a rank they don't deserve. The only person devaluing your rank is yourself. Stop being a melodramatic excuse maker."
Of *course* he is. Bernies supposedly a zionist
"Yeah.. because it's totally unthinkable that the biggest news outlets within a corporatocracy are supporting corporate interests and are manipulated by corporations. I'm not saying NYT is perfect, by any stretch, but a corporate lapdog?"
"Road Hog XL for everything. crimson lightning ,Heatwave , cobalt spiralis , regular zomba ,slipstream , parallax ,purple chakram , 23 keys offers. || psn: Bugatti-123 Best offer for the crimson lightning was 49 keys + slipstream"
I have a great opportunity for you then friend. I just can't believe there's an MLM I haven't heard of!
Take that back dammit! God damn haole
"It's just like SKINs, they take away precious game development time making and testing SKINs so we end up with stuff like Fozziesov. Is it wrong that I'm mildly annoyed at the fact that we are mostly getting these drawings instead of proper announcement of whatever CCP is going to introduce in nearest update, even though there is about 3 weeks left 'till estimated release date and chances are we aren't getting to properly SiSi whatever they are about to release? Unless they aren't ofc."
"Just remember Donald hates women guys, there's to many women in that video The Apprentice Season 1, Episode 1"
"Uh, I must have missed the part where you blow a Krogan in ME3. Yeah... tho some Renegade options are a must. Example- blowing the yapping Krogan in ME3, or stabing the fucking Blue Sun pilot with electrospanner..."
"Yeah, American redditors just *love* the drug war and don't think it causes any ill effects on society. Don't even try to explain them their role in the drug wars, they cannot accept their responsibility because you know they are the good guys."
"It's really great how well this synergises with the current tab targeting system! Do not attack fire shaman in ele mode. Resets bar. If you ever wondered why the fire elemental bar keeps resetting is because someone is attacking the shaman in the elemental mode. So if you want to keep it easy, do not attack him. This occurs since the Teq update."
"Kyle, I hate you lol. My Nexus 6P Frost 64GB has arrived! Side by side with the Nexus 6."
Obviously it's a bot He's just some kid.
For which I'm sure the Syrian criminal code calls for death by shelling... She entered Syria illegally..
"Yeah well the UK had an empire so they are still bad! If a net contributor to the European project in all measures possible is a burden, I shudder to think what you consider Greece as."
"He obvi hates women Lol ""if I saw a man hit a woman, I'd want to know who hit who first."" ""What makes your mind jump to conclusions???"" Didn't make sense to me either."
How else am I going to heat rocks for camping? Your modifiable setting are pretty good when they go from planet busting+ to literally less energy than a modern artillery shell.
"Apple's guerrilla marketing has hit an all time low. Samsung Galaxy S4 Catches On Fire, Samsung Wants You to Keep Quiet"
Knives are for cis scum. they also look way to phalic.
"Well shit, it would have been awful if they charged full price, but giving a discount makes it all OK! American Christian Homeschoolers Sell Daughter to Perspective Husband for $25,000; Gave Discount Because She was Sexually Abused"
"autism Maintaining eye contact, I just can't do it"
you forgot the The reward is that they listen to feedback and improve the game
[Right after getting something for Fiora's treatment around the Fallen Arm] I can let you know how close you are if you post where you're at in spoiler tags.
Hahahahaha nice meme A big ol' pupper
Can someone explain the giant pro-Sanders bias here? The obvious pro Clinton bias in PBS Debate audience Can anyone explain the big pro-Clinton bias in the audience at the PBS debate? It was evident from the moment the candidates walked in and all through the show. Allowing one side or the other to imbalance the audience is an important factor in destroying the neutrality of the debate and for me it spoiled the whole show. Anyone know why this happened? Was it because there was obviously an age imbalance in the audience or what?
"Yeah, that's exactly how it works. Sounds like some people need to start working more to make ends meet if they are on welfare."
Maybe it's his homeworld being destroyed by Starkiller base. Yea. From what we see in the trailer when he touches Poe's head we see a forest-like scene being completely destroyed. and then Poe screaming. It indicates somewhat that Kylo is forcing this image into Poe's mind as a form of Force based torture.
"Right, and people who were against the holocaust were Jewish elitists was well... Im Muslim and we are also get circumcised as well, i do not understand why foreskin elitists makes this a big issue than it needs to be. Perhaps they are trying to find things to blame in life for their own issues...."
"They also brought in his twin brother, Sharthi Copley. Only thing I liked was ""hey! Shartlo Copley!"" Then he died immediately..."
Actually all PC gamers are pirates In ubisofts opinion pc gamers have too much money anywyys and don't care about prices.
"Yeah, the T69 is such a terrible tank. I mean, the T57 heavy line is like the french line. There are two good tanks, 57 Heavy and T71. The rest in that line are... meh or just bad."
What a fucking white male The Carrier Deal is already having a HUGE impact on the 2020 Election...Trump won't even have to campaign.
"YOU SAID FROZEN YOU SHILL Viral Marketing is now Manufactured Dialog...stay on the boat or jump in the frozen water, I don't currrrr."
"Slaughtering civilians will definitely make people sympathetic to your cause Violence yields results, or at least attention. In nations where violence is regularly used by the state against the public, it's probably difficult to convince someone a sit-in is going to be the right course of action. ""Nobody wants those people to have any say in politics since they have an amount of aggressiveness that's more than unhealthy."" So what are we to do with them, because ignoring them doesn't work. These are exactly the people you want to bring into the political fold as then they have an outlet other than violence to express their views. Denying people you don't agree with a voice, no matter how extreme or ridiculous is what gets us here."
"No we don't, we already have Torts. yes. we need to start hiring more incompetent coaches. where do i apply?"
"Yeah, homosexuality and literally wanting to have sex with children is so similar. 'Slippery slope is a myth' I remember being told this when I opposed civil partnerships. How far we have come."
"Then they'd became Consuela Maria Conchita del Rio de Guadalupe Sanchez-Smith. Hyphenation is messy though and only convenient for you. Eventually one of your kids will like one better than the other, and what happens when they get married and have kids of their own? They're not going to take on a four-name-hyphenated last name, that's for sure. Take the time to decide on something simple now and save yourselves the worry later."
"Damn, I too like to lie on the Internet to make me look cool. No I completed karamja hard on a level 80 account.... Its not a challenge to get it done."
"What is talent when you can have racial division? Fuck Lady Gaga, fuck Madonna, fuck Beyonce. This girl is a *real* singer!"
"That's impossible, voter fraud doesn't exist! Here are the 9200 fraudulent votes that Question 1 passed by"
Because the conflict allows people to exploit the area for economic gain. Why do otherwise reasonably intelligent people defend terrorits. And the religion that teaches it.
"Lets just let them have it, if we give them what they want they will stop eventually... Russia ready to annex Moldova region, Nato commander claims"
"Call me crazy but I think the Stormtrooper will bite it but hey, that's just me. Remade The Clone Wars ""Who Will Fall"" poster to be more accurate to what will happen in Star Wars Rebels"
The real value comes from grinding them hundreds of times in hopes of a rare drop that will allow you to grind it hundreds of times more! 3 story missions completed in 30min. It cost $20. (Destiny)
#ed recovery Because binge eating is not an eating disorder That'll show them!
The potential to all in and get a kill/maximize a trade is not very important I guess. Udyr - Stun Naut - Snare Yasuo - Dash Three very important effects compare to J4's just more damage for an auto.
"Where's the it's all a matter of time, never give up, you might even end up casting a major final one day"
"And she wears makeup, she must starved for male attention Nope she's a post-wall hamplanet by their (admittedly ridiculous) standards."
"i forgot the Other comments have said it, and I don't think it would feel that different."
"Yeah, plain old water after a sandwich, that sounds awesome, really makes a person tremble with anticipation of their lunch break in what I'm sure is also an exciting job. Switch to black coffee, drink water with sandwich. Lose 5 lbs in 2 weeks. =)"
"Yeah, treat people with a clear addiction problem like criminals, that'll fix the problem, just like it does with drug addicts Drunk drivers. Intentionally endangering the lives of everyone around them. They should be treated like dangerous and violent criminals, not sick people who need to be slapped on the wrist."
"wow, a solid 8mbps down on preferred now! not here in boulder/major area... in fact my speeds been shit since i ""upgraded"" my modem a couple weeks ago"
so thats how math works He gave one away... 2-1=1
"Since when do we have to know what we're talking about to tell you pro's what to do? You have no idea what's going on behind the scenes, we're all in this trying to get the things we feel the scene deserves."
"FAKE NEWS So much for ""Equality""."
G4 confirmed to be cancelled 2GGT: Genesis Saga announced! January 14th PogChamp
I feel so sorry for you. I have gotten 3 ice wizards from free chests before any other epics fml
"Watch out for guys punching you in the back of the head! | Any advice to a visiting Ravens fan this weekend? Whats up! Im a Ravens fan who will be at O.Co this weekend. I've only been to a Raider game once before (last year Oakland vs San Diego) and fucking loved the experience. I grew up in LA so I have tons of Raider friends. I plan on wearing my team colors and expect the shit talking as its all in good fun, but I definitely wont be stupid with it. Anything yall wanna say about the stadium/parking/anything? Thanks, and best of luck this weekend!"
forgot the It's good to see us finally going after a forward since we're pretty thin up front. Not sure why we would bring in a defender though.
Remember these hardworking individuals need to have their pay doubled because they can't pay their bills. maybe thats why they still work at mcdonalds
"well whatchagonna doaboutit? I thought America and Japan agreed that Japan would give America all their ""research material"" and in exchange the Americans wouldn't really talk about what they did"
"A homophobe turned out to be gay, no way! REPORT: Orlando shooter was a regular at the gay nightclub he attacked, used multiple gay dating apps"
"...I totally trust that this guy is not a robot. This is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. Everyone on the internet is real, don't try and tell us it's the evil corporations when you disagree with someone. Robots on the internet, LOL. What a crock."
Didn't happen if nobody saw it This is pretty serious situation. If the navy has turned an unsafe boat around and it's since sunk on the high seas and all the asylum seekers have died hasn't Australia just murdered innocent asylum seekers?
Grime was good only when I and no one else liked it Skepta - Crime Riddim
Because he wants to know Y
God damn predictable women! It worked for me too
"Yes, like HALO or TLOU! No they dont. If it wasnt for console sales some games wouldn't even exist."
"Can't wait for ""people"" to come and say that crooked politifact is lying on behalf of establishment No, someone wasn't paid $3,500 to protest Donald Trump; it's fake news"
"Well it's fine for me so you might need to upgrade your service. Delay Lag is absurd this week Started playing the Weekend League, and after 2 matches, I am off again. The delay lag got even worse this week, and, considering it was normal until yesterday, I think the high number of ppl playing the Weekend League is destroying the EA servers. Every single action I do takes an eternity, can't mark properly, passes got even worse. And not only me, can notice the same thing happening to my opponent. What an awful experience, once again!"
"You swear you're not really an FBI agent? Some of us are ladies, actually. ;)"
"So give candy to children who are teething, got it. TIL: Sugar works as a natural pain reliever in children"
"Yup it's absolutely police harassment when you keep on breaking the law and the police keep on getting involved. Basil Borutski, charged with 3 Wilno, Ont., murders, blames police harassment - Canada"
"Obviously, it's a baseball field under a circus tent. Well which is it, circus tent or baseball field?!"
"Yeah, why would anyone have a problem with a theocratic state of someone else's religion being declared on a country they live in? Palestine can be the homeland for multiple peoples. The Jewish state of Israel has sovereignty over the land though."
"Yeah, it's just a ""meaningless clump of cells"", but so traumatic to have it removed. ""I had an abortion"",... That's anotherone"
I believe the onion is yellow diamond theory Onion Theary
"Lying: the key to any successful relationship. She thinks I am a ""life coach"". I am somewhat of a life coach, but its more like I am stretching the truth... This business has ruined my life several times, so I learned to keep it a secret. Plus I don't think she would approve of me flying across the US for weeks at a time to teach men how to pick up any women they desire."
"gig ethernet over barbed wire worked over a short distance, no reason this shoudl not work. Nah, crosstalk and EMI will fuck it all up. Ethernet cables are actually rather sophisticated. The pairs each have to be twisted at a specific number of twists per feet for each to counter each others inherent magnetic fields which disrupt one another. Also, long cables are essentially an antenna. The 4 extra ""unused"" pairs are used kind of like a noise-cancelling system by collecting garbage signals and filtering it out on the other lines. Without all this crap, it'll be a miracle if it stays up at full duplex or even 10 Mbps without taking errors. It's also possible you'll get signal reflection off the solder joints. As said, it might work for a few feet but not for anything much more than that. Also better hope he spliced a patch and not a crossover because there is no way it'll Auto-MDIX (automatically adjust tx/RX pins if the wrong cable type is used.) OP- Tell your friend to save himself the headache and buy a premade cable."
Yeah... But it's different when you have kids I am allowed to be tired
I have a feeling he just forgot to put That's not how you circlejerk.
"No, almost all of them were personally blocked by God. How many Palestine rockets were fired against the Israeli personally guided by god?"
looks at the size of those massive bones X-ray of a 900 pound man
"Now bro, clearly you've been playing Pokemon Go all of your life. People are allowed to not like the game, you don't need to insult their intelligence."
"Sorry, I didn't realise the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy was the canonical definition of the word for the English language. Go read the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy. You'll see that's not accurate. If so, everyone would be a fucking atheist of everyone else's god(s). And that makes about as much sense as tits on a boar hog."
"Because toxic fumes are so much better right? If you're being hosed with sub freezing waters, do you not use fire to warm up or do you just die because ""fuck it""?"
Sure I'll just send you over my credit card details - no problems I trust random strangers. Can someone buy me a seven dollar game on steam?
"But that makes you a baaaad person! I think one has to qualify the opposite of ""nice"" is not being a bulldozer. I see plenty TRP posters who go to the other extreme and start behaving like animals in their quest for alpha status. Getting what you want in a gicen situation is not mitually exclusive to the counter party getting its need fullfilled. Your post hightlights well how it even helps with women and how most guys fail with them because they do not ever go out and get what they want. But in life in general, it should not be setup as me vs them, thats a horribly stressfull life from experience. I had to claw my way through at many places before I found that those exact places is what the management consultants warn about. Eventually after a grinding fuckfest, you end up in a good spot with good colleagues and a good boss, if you are lucky. Wouldnt it be nicer not to have suffered all that stress getting there though? BP society expands though, and sjw feminist marxists are ruining environments in public and private sectors alike. A much better strategy to survive those places is to play it Game of Thrones style according to the rule ""Think as you like, behave as they do"". It will save you time by getting more job skills, titles and such to bolt for better places. Of course, you are telling them this is not something you strive for, you hate ambition and success as much as the others, and yeah it fucking sux with trump now. Watch their faces as you bolt, lovely. TLdr: The opposite of being a pushover is being socially competent and machiavellian in the modern workplace"
"Someone else mentioned in the thread that the theater was a 'gun free' zone, so you know, no one can carry there. I'm just surprised no one in the theater was CCing. Had they been and taken out the perp, it would have been a much different story."
"Get out of here democrat I don't see how that makes him a douche. A douche bag is usually someone who treats others with disrespect and shits all over people. This guy just has a youtube channel that he uses to help people understand the implications of steroid use as well as good tips for working out and nutrition. He ALWAYS makes it clear that these are just HIS opinions. Take it for it is, his opinion. Choose to believe it or not. And using this video as an example is cheating. He has plenty of other videos that are actually pretty good. The guy may be a bit eccentric but don't run him into the ground because he said some stupid shit on the internet."
i paid for this game bungie should implement what i want! It's my ~~money~~ stack of synths and I want it now!!!
"They want our spuds, spudless pagan fuckers ...Or it's an undercover Ivory Coast PC-9. They've finally decided to make their attack. We always knew it was just a matter of time."
"I cannot believe your post doesn't have a Hahaha. Rubino and Ward love making grandiose predictions with absolutely no data, don't they? ""Everything is about the 'now' and how you beat Apple and Google with a spec'd out phone and apps and not about getting ahead of where mobile is destined."" Mobile is ""destined"", indeed. What a ridiculously pompous, self-aggrandising comment. By all accounts wherever mobile is going it's not towards desktop integration. For the simple fact that the desktop is dying (outside enterprise) and MS is trying to somehow munge together Phone and Desktop to figure out how to keep MS' historic lead in this sector. Classic MS - they are doing well in the cloud and have a real chance at the living room + smart home play with Xbox. They need to leverage those and use those assets to *protect* the core Windows brand. Instead, this ridiculous mania to try and unify disparate devices (Who the hell wants the same apps on their game console and their phone?) AT ALL COSTS has led to misguided (IMO) concepts like UWP and imagining that serious developers would let a tool write their code for them. The future IS the phone. Apple and Google realise this. Apple is consistently improving the baseline premium segment experience. Google is making a huge play for everything else Android and their relentless drive to transform the web for mobile. Only MS believes relying on their desktop ecosystem will save them in the consumer OS and smartphone sector. IMO this will be a disaster and the push to replace Win32 APIs and hooks with the severely limited UWP environment will be the final nail in the coffin if they keep going down this path. Backward compatibility is often the only reason businesses stick to Windows and many will no doubt consider moving to Google ""if we have to change everything anyway""..."
"There are other BBC3 shows? ""Hasn't got enough love on BBC3"" - But it really depends how it stands up next to other BBC3 shows. If the other BBC3 shows haven't got an amazing amount of viewers then it's kind of a moot point."
"No, it's from Star Wars ^^ Is this from *Closer*?"
I bet it's a console. What are you playing then? Oo
That's racist He's white
"Sure, everyone absolutely adored Fallout 4! Glad to see the Reddit Bethesda Circle Jerk is still alive."
"But she's a hero. I agree. I also have to add that I think its absolutely ridiculous that she was travelling over 100km/h in those conditions. At that sorta of speed, she could have easily killed a family if she hit anything other than a bus. She lost control of her vehicle prior to the crash, and what does she do? Continues on speeding. I realize my opinion won't be very popular (at all), but it needs to be said."
Dude I'm 5 years old do you really wanna go to jail Source?
How do you know she isn't a billionaire? Looks like someone having some mental health issues. Shame she won't get the care she needs :(
"Pfft, it's just a flattering angle. Wow she looks really good in this pic!"
"Unions..... you commie. Privates are there to make money, same as every business. The only reason there's regulation in any business is because workers got together and said they wouldn't work in terrible conditions. No business is going to voluntarily tank profits if they're not forced to. We want change? We need to be that change. Work together like the police unions and fire unions and nurse's unions. They have standards and regulations, but because they're the right thing to have, but because they demanded them."
"Why would you ever need a turret in this game. M8A1 so you don't miss out on the awesome T67. Personal preference of course, do you want stationary guns or a turret?"
"Yeah, pretty sure you're the only one, you sick fuck. Am I the only that got incredibly aroused by that short softcore porn?"
"Dude, watching a film about terran fighting night elves is badass. I know this one. Avatar. The story is too predictable."
"Yea giving out someones personal email to thousands of people so they can spam him is totally minor. The first two warnings were minor, honestly I reckon they should restore his twitch account as I'm sure he gets the idea that you can't do this stuff now. I didn't really like his channel but I felt pretty bad watching this as he seemed really genuinely sorry."
"It's not real socialism! Lol, they'd just say ""Socialism wasn't done properly"""
"And all statements are 100% true too. Lol. I stole a man's money and made him go homeless and lose everything for no reason at all but personal gain, but it's OK i released a statement."
"You think? OP, there have been so many people that have died on Everest that some of them have become place markers. Somehow I doubt being a vegan had much to do with it outside of you making the meme."
XxXyolomasterXxX droppin some truth Dude fuck this guy he abuses broken ass snipers and pretends to be skilled
"We know what all this means: Finally, Crysis at 60fps A silicon waterblock!? Microchannels cut directly into FPGA chips allow ultra-efficient watercooling."
"Whew, I was worried our society might become LESS gun-obsessed. Btw Republicans want more citizens to use their Second Amendment rights so yeah Democrat or Republican grab your legally owned firearms baby."
Everyone knows your not allowed to celebrate victories if another team has more Red Sox fans forgot the Yankees still had 20+ more world series wins than Boston after they won in '04.
"Kim K got robbed and youre mean if you joke. Right. We feel that we know famous people, and we tend to trust people that we know, but we don't really know them, and even if we did, that's not much of a reason to trust them. If I like an entertainer, then that's all I really want or expect from them."
Wellllllllp It's not like any decent gaming PC can compare to the power of the great Xbox 360. IGN Disappointed the Half-Life 2 graphics and loading times on Xbox 360 are poorer than the PC version
"But Islam is not a race! Minnesota boy, bullied for being Muslim, takes on Trump"
usa did this to bring nato against isis Blast hits rally in Turkish capital
You must be fun at parties. I found it funny... Should I be taken to a vet?
"Thanks for reminding us that there is no symbolic shaming of kids going on when a perfectly good lunch is tossed to prove a point...or if there is shaming, it's no big deal. IMO this story is spun real hard. A sandwich is fine, the description is suspect, and ""hot meals"" at school usually mean tasteless mush. I think this is much ado about nothing. I've never witnessed kids noticing a difference between ""regular lunch"" and ""poor lunch"" as many kids would always prefer a sandwich. ANYWAY, she quit her job over it so if you care about her then care about this. I don't really."
"You forgot your It's a terrible card, I can pay $200 shipped to take it off your hands, thanks."
"Marcus Di Rollo Clueless rugby American guy here again, who are the best Rugby players currently and of all time? I want to see some amazing happen and watch some legacies on Youtube!"
"Man it's all about that Colorado class bb, so op! 7x Tirpitz"
"California is the Northwest! Put a race in the northwest, then we can talk."
"Dude do you even know how to longboard? The Nerve of Some People... So there I was, dancing around in an empty parking lot you know, cross steps, peter pans, etc etc. When some asshole comes in his piece of shit car, blasting lil Wayne. He gets out, pulls an Original Drop Free ride out of his trunk and starts to do Coleman's up and down and around me. I just keep doing what I'm doing. He then approaches me and asks ""What the hell are you doing on that long as board?"" (I was on my Drang Dancer). I proceed to tell him about dancing and the variations of cross stepping, and so on. He then gives me this incredibly condescending look and tells me ""That's not really Longboarding, Longboarding is all about bombing hills and sliding. Only faggots who don't know how to longboard for real ""dance"" and you look like an idiot on such a long board."" (yes he put up quotation marks for dance). I didn't want to get into a fight with this guy let alone an argument. So I just skated on home... Dude, what the fuck is wrong with people?"
"...but other than all that, the lying, the lack of knowledge on foreign and domestic affairs, or the lack of basic understanding on what the government actually does...why shouldnt he be president? Why Donald Trump Should Not Be President"
"No dude, its beacuase he is a true patriot who is excercising his 2nd Amendment rights while having his camera loaded and ready to fire. He's doing it to provoke the cops so he can make a stupid video and put it on YouTube. He's doing it because he's a douche."
How could he do it with no multiplayer It's simple: we procedurally kill the Batman
"Fucking dumbasses, we need people in jail to make the money. A cellphone video shows police in Long Beach, California opening fire at an unarmed man who is fleeing down a flight of stairs."
"Because fuck poor people, right? That there are people who think that continually raising the minimum wage will solve anything - guy who worked at burger king"
"Clearly you need to learn2history, You two should be friends and kill non-greeks, really."
"How do *you* know all of their customers aren't costumers? Plus there is no spell check on their site. ""costumers"""
"Complain to the cellular company for having monopolistic dataplans and ask for an unlimited plan Mobile staff with 2GB/Month tethering plans + Microsoft Office's crazy huge monthly updates = FML Starting next quarter I have to roll out full MS Office 2013 Pro to all of our remotes. This month's updates total close to a GB which isn't unusual. Add that to Windows, Flash, Java, and everything else and damn near our entire tethering plan is going to be used by updates. Having staff stop by their closest office once a month to update is too much to ask, asking them to use their home wireless is unacceptable, publishing Office as a remote app or making them use RDS to access Office is too inconvenient. What do?"
"Uhh, no... also, your parents lied to you about Santa and the Tooth Fairy... :-P Bible. True?"
"So sick that he's paying out the labels and not the writers and artists.... Pirate Bay Co-Founder Must Pay Record Labels $395,000"
I don't know a whole pool just for cleaning discs seems a bit pricey. I just toss mine in my pool for a few days and the chlorine sometimes takes off the ink.
The breakout is due to anticipation of the 4th Classic block. Look what's breaking out... #Bitcoin $BTCUSD +5% and $438/coin. Nobody's talking about it.
Thinking you are missing this The Quran mostly.
Cuz the oppressive gov't man. Why do you need an assault rifle?
"But, but, she has a meaningful quote; she's probably on tinder to exchange educated opinions on stained glass and intrinsic reflection I wonder if he knows about this"
Cause clearly these guys where just haning out with their buddy officer John Doe in this situation! Step 1. Don't do drugs around cops. He said extreme cases.
"Phew, glad there is no one to take their place! Mexico police official says La Familia cartel 'completely dismembered'"
Nah it's not rape when a girl does it to a guy Didn't Amy basically rape some dude who was passed out drunk?
"They have to tell us, otherwise it's entrapment. They've already said no in their username, ask something else."
"Just like all the butthurt spineless pussies on reddit After reading his comment below, i can safely assume blatant illiteracy."
"You forgot your Anyone caught sexually harassing or assaulting another person should be put to death, or face a 10 year sentence at minimum. This country would be more pleasant if criminals were completely eliminated from society."
will shockadins ever be viable again? Damn those OP paladins
But they were 100% EGYPTIAN COTTON! His latest album was anti-commercialism. Then he sold plain white t-shirts for 100 dollars at his store. Eh...
"Its official... Matt Kemp to the sidebar, GTFOH Giancarlo Stanton Breaking News: Matt Kemp has hit a HR It looks like the stars aligned today for the 3rd time this season and a miracle is upon us."
"meh, now I have Waze I drove across country twice last year, one southern route, one northern. I listened to the CB the entire time. It was scary at how bad the average driver is, and how much helpful information the average driver misses out on because they DON'T have a CB radio. I was able to get rerouted around several back ups, knew about every cop and speed trap, and also got great food suggestions. If you've not driven cross country with a CB radio, then you haven't done it right. Thanks truckers!"
Wow iPhones are from 1993? Do you use a TV and camera from 1993
Because the GTX 960 is *so* much better than the 280X and 760 that it was meant to surpass at the same price. Haha you bought AMD.
The speed that the helicopter was crashing through the water seemed real too. COD: Ghosts has one of the most realistic lighting effects of any videogame.
i'm not sure how you can brainwash a sockpuppet I was called brainwashed and told I needed to be deprogrammed for supporting gamergate.
"Yeah, we girls couldn't possibly be interested in bitcoins. MRW my friend is flirting with a girl and he starts talking about his bitcoins."
"Man, the resale value on that thing is gonna be shit... the front half of the car has been resprayed! As seen a the auction."
"Palestinians for peace Nine injured, one critically, in central Tel Aviv shooting attack"
"God I hate Nickleback, the way I know all of their songs instantly along with everyone else in the room, just despicable. Because its cool to hate on something everyone else does, like nickleback."
Thus explaining why killing apostates never happens. But kill is a metaphoric and allegorical in those verses.
"Oh, I hadn't realized *that* is why people are up in arms. And it was completely inappropriate to do that to him with his parents not present. Is that somehow difficult to understand?"
Stop being anti-semetic. How isreali of them
Stop trolling him with logic! One party (the Car) was legally at fault. Both parties were negligent. Both parties had the ability with any form of awareness to prevent the problem. Both parties share blame for this. To see it any other way is just wrong.
Damn I just got my Garbutt jersey too @icemancometh: Also it appears Ryan Garbutt has changed his number from 28 to 16. Wore the latter in Dallas.
There's this guy named Danny Kanell Roll call of Finebaum's fans?
I'm glad the real criminal here is getting the justice he deserves cn|2 Kentucky hacker who pushed for investigations into Steubenville rape could face 25 years in prison
"They can also be liable for contracts, get married, apply for loans, work full-time benefitted positions, vote, travel without parental consent, get a tattoo, buy a lotto ticket, consent to medical care, make a will, serve on a jury, can be sued, buy fireworks, buy porn, and you are legally emancipated from your parents without a court order, but don't buy smokes or beer, you can't handle the responsibility. kids can go to war and die at 18, but they cant have a drink and a cigarette. stupid."
"Wow, thanks, I didn't get it. Obviously his dick, duh"
"Hey man do your own homework =P doing a writing project on Alcatraz (story), kinda Including zombie characters in it So, I'm doing a story where they escape Alcatraz. I need a little help, and the main characters name will be Albert (al). I need some other good character names, along with parts of mob of the dead you would like included. Thanks"
"So by now you have apologized to her, and hired her because you like her moxy? I told this live-in nanny applicant (who has her own toddler) that I didn't think it was a good match..."
"Riiiight, the nazi's are the ONLY people on the planet who have ever been racist. Rednecks are racist, the Nazi's were racist, the people were indoctrinated into naziism, therefore..."
"Maybe the police got all the sexual assault out of their system, or perhaps they just don't a kit anymore to help them. Thousands of sexual assault kits untested by Austin police"
"Edea, Tora, basically the same unit right? Just a Summon Gate featuring a Character you can't get from it"
"Actually he went to university in Sudan, a country well known for its leading educational institutions Looks like yet another Muslim radicalised on UK university campuses, again refuting the belief that radicalisation is the result of lack of education and cultural depravity."
"Then put it in That 80s Show! But... It says the purge starts in the 80s so even if it was true, that 70s show would be set before the purge and therefore wouldn't have the purge..."
"""Gee whiz, I never thought committing all of those war crimes would have consequences."" British jihadists fighting in Syria are increasingly disillusioned and want to come home, it has been reported | Dozens of them are reported to want to return to Britain but are afraid they will be locked up for years if they do so."
Because that's totally a life hack A better life hack would be to stop watching TV in bed.
"Well you posted a picture of your face, so you're clearly asking for those type of PMs. ""That's a nice face you have there, wouldn't want anyone to force fuck it with a spiked bat and mix your tears with your blood and my cum. Did I say my? Silly me."" Fucking weird. I've made the front page a couple times and there as always the oddballs who creep on your post history and feel the need to make a comment about your appearance, but that was the first scary one."
"Gee, felonies sure are cute! Five fraternity brothers brutally attacked a fellow student at my university. Their mugshots are disgusting."
"abbott confirmed a nazi The Nazis built the Autobahn after all. That's the kind of man our road-obsessed ""infrastructure prime minister"" is trying to emulate."
"I dont go on games at work, that would be irresponsible and unproductive. What is your go to browser game for when you are bored at work?"
"It's not ""blind submission""--it's ""faith""! I was essentially told god would bless blind submission because it was the right thing to do, even if the leader was wrong."
who would have ever expected Nice... so the organization who is charged with preserving information and making it available to the public is actively censoring information. Makes perfect sense!
"but those responsible and hardworking people aren't doctors and lawyers or can't borrow money from their rich family, so clearly they're worthless and don't deserve a living wage When responsible and hardworking people still can't make ends meet, which is happening right now, there is definitely a problem."
Their confidence makes them sexy. Fats are convinced they look good and that EVERYONE needs to see the horror
"Goddamn right he should do it defiantly, who cares what those damn communists though about the Olympics. Does he have to do it defiantly or can he do it willingly?"
It does in NFS! Rims will almost never increase performance on a corolla...
Nice bit of shameless advertising that raayoni guy
"You forgot the Hold on... How has nobody said Matt Hasselback's infamous ""We want the ball and were gonna score!!!1!"" quote from the 2006 NFCCG?!?!"
"Anything Kimi does is extraordinary, say anything against him and his demigod prowess and you will be mobbed. How to overtake much slower cars with brand new tyres.. Not that amazing"
"Remember, it said slower rate of fire so it obviously is worse then the a4 On paper, because i haven't gotten a chance to try it out yet. Slower fire rate means the spray pattern is easier. And especially the burst fire will be more accurate. Because the spread didn't increase by much, and is mostly negated by slower recoil due to lower ROF. Also Slothsquadron found out that the armor pen values weren't in-game, so the damage fall off is not in the game as of now. So so far i don't see why m4a1 wouldn't be viable. Maybe if they keep the armor pen decrease and actually implement it, it could be pretty bad."
Because gun violence is ok as long as it is against people that oppose my views or I can use it to push my agenda This article in the Telegraph appears to advocate ISIL gun violence in the U.S. to gain public support for changes in gun laws.
"Spaghetti coding Don't play warriors. The armor counts as health, so hero powering once is almost summon a creature for enemy."
"Look at their names Surprise Surprise Guy fires a gun into crowded night club, gets taken down by bouncers. The gang suppression unit was across the street and respond within minutes."
"Don't know about you guys, but for the last 14 years Draynor Village has always been spelt with a y. you knew it well enough to recognize it... and correctly spelled Draenor."
"Oh no, women in positions of power, that's so regressive. I still can't believe his ""because it's 2015"" argument."
I'll have you know that it is a flashkick and not an insec you dirty peasant What would you shorthand that action as?
unless the curfew is for white fucking males as well this shit is RAYSIS! Austrian town enforces curfew on underage migrants after wave of sexual attacks
"Yeah, fuck you for trying to break the illusion of disproportionate, unrealistic female objectification, *asshole*. I'm not critisizing her; she is good looking. But a Doctor would not be satisfied with the health of someone that thin. AND look at that leg; am I wrong? It's got a bigass wavy chunk missing. You're just shooting the messenger here."
OP sounds like a fun guy to be around. Elo is that broken it's not funny
Neither does jet fuel #loosechange Are you sure you're not thinking of Thermite? Napalm doesn't burn hot enough to melt steel.
"Unwrap it before you smoke it. Smoked meat tastes like plastic to me? There's this restaurant by my house that cooks with a wood-fire oven, and I feel like any meat i've ordered from there has a plastic-like taste. I thought it was just the restaurant, but then my dad got a smoker and hes smoked chicken and pork loin, and both time it had that same taste. Has anyone ever heard of this before? My parents love both the restaurant and what my dad made, but I couldn't eat it because of that taste, so it's just me. For the record, my dad has a charcoal grill and I love anything from that. I also have had lamb that was spit roasted and I like that too. It's only smoked meat."
A mouse isn't itself visual feedback? Watch the visual feedback. The point is don't use the mouse to select the dropdown.
"Because EU is much more important than their mainland and much less popular overseas audience That would be dependent on Nintendo. Personally, i believe it will be 28/11/2015, simply because their are more people in Europe and America than Japan..."
yeah zerg totally has a chance in the matchup How it feels to play PvZ.
"Yeah yeah yeah we Asians are so good at math and we are workaholic robots unlike those inferior stupid Westerners with their individualism and irrational emotions and humanities and refusal to be tiger moms. There are more computer programmers in China because Chinese grammar is perfectly logical and the writing system is ""object-oriented"""
Thank God Mallet is here to save us. VICE did a feature on student life at UA.
"Apparently, republicans like their war heroes who didn't get captured. He was never a presidential material. I think McCain would've fared much better this primary and election if he was 10 years younger, even against Trump. I'd vote for him over Hilary (but HC over Trump)"
"No, America has a rights and freedom problem. A breakdown of the ""U.S.A. doesn't have a gun problem"" image that's been going around."
"No, we just slept with them to get what we wanted. Disclosure: I come from a link in KiA. Just to be clear, you lied to a hosting company about the existence of illegal content just to cause a temporary inconvenience to an upstart message board site. And this is being celebrated wildly in the thread. Do I understand this post correctly?"
"I'm not worried about too hot I use an nvidia card Steel is better anyway, you won't have to worry about melting your case with jet fuel"
"But all Donald Trump supporters are full of hate, racism and misogyny. Gotta say I really love this Movement. No greater love, unity and camaraderie around. And Trump is just bursting with optimism and hope. This is what I try to tell Germans but they don't get it, Patriotism lifts the mood and increases unity of the Country! One thing everyone can relate to, it brings everyone together! Just like Christmas! A happy and united population is a productive population!"
Thanks for the update! NWS makes me want to cry.
"I'm offended they didn't include the higher income neighborhoods of Jack London, China Hill/Cleveland Heights, Grand Lake, Piedmont Pines, Old Oakland, etc. I guess you didn't happen to notice that the neighborhoods are cherry-picked from all over the city and are all white or being heavily gentrified, then? But, really, my referring to the towel as a debacle has to do more with the comments on the Facebook post- most of them have been hidden, but you can catch the basic gist of the reaction of some folks."
"Logic checks out. How to win the hacking argument: ""Russia hacked the DNC"" ""They did? So I guess the emails were real and not made up"" ""The emails were made up"" ""How did Russia back something that was made up?"" Either Russia hacked the real DNC emails and the DNC is really that shitty or Russia didn't hack it and and the emails are fake. Either way they have to admit something."
your esp is bugging out What causes this texture glitch?
"Gotcha mate, uhm so pm?.. I understand that, man. But asking where you can find drugs on a public forum probably isn't the best way to go about it."
"Years and years of being an Arsenal fan, whatever i do with the ingredients i just can't get a final product! Yeah but most of all I am sitting here wondering, what made you such a terrible cook?"
"Yeah... Backups didn't exist 5 years ago. 5-6 years ago is around 1.1, most of those didn't exist yet."
"Mostly because Socrates did not speak English, so there's that Most of the top posts in this sub need context. Most of them wouldn't even be understood by Socrates."
"Whoa don't spread this, then the secrets out and the racketeering scheme is over! #knowyourrights PSA"
All 7 of them? Would be nice to see one of these for all the unanimously positive things that must've quietly happened this year.
"Well you aren't a real gamer until you spend 50 grand... i just like 100% my games and finding deals. i do have a lot of games, i just dont want to bother counting them all"
So that's what happens when we run out of IPv4 addresses NYSE Suspends Trading in All Securities
"yea get a load of this guy... thanks for the insightful comment, you wanker Im gonna be that wanker that doesnt answer the question in the manner it was asked. Human Voice. The Applications for it is amazing. Tuvan throat singing, Metal vocals, ""normal"" singing. its pretty fucking cool."
The internet is no place for sarcasm! I'm being sarcastic of course. Reagan's government grew dramatically despite all of his crowing for smaller government. It's just how those Borrow and Spend Republicans are.
That can't be the reason why there's no one renting! Yet the rent is still too damn high in HK
"No, you are an extraordinary case Is it supposed to take this long to get out of Nova? I'm GNM and I've won 8 games in a row, with none of the games being remotely close, and been top 3 in frags for all of them. How many more do I have to win to rank up? I'm starting to feel like nothing I do will rank me up."
"Spoiler alert. There were two, one got 7 months house arrest the other got 4 years in prison."
"But it's impossible for a woman to rape a grown man. Ehhh, how about don't ever make anyone pay for rapists? Why would it be more acceptable for a grown man who got raped to have to pay?"
I am shocked and appalled! Owners and accountant of Rising Sun bathhouse charged with conspiring to run a house of prostitution
"only the finest sports commentating for the Lakers ""I don't know what kind of defense the wolves were in that time... but they'd better abandon it."" - Stu Lance"
"forgot the Yes, I think he'll fix his mechanical issue in the off-season (and probably get some kind of shoulder surgery in the process)"
"How else are they going to forget they live in Alabama? Alabama closes driver's license offices, keeps money-losing liquor stores open"
Selling Supper Attack Potions at 1M each or closest offer! Which one of you had these selling for 1m each?
"You just make money off of stupid people. Article kindda misses the point. People are getting tattoos removed now because 1. Laser removal is more common and affordable 2. Overall the quality of tattoos are at its peak, designs are being executed in a manner no one thought possible 10 years ago. It's not about ""I don't want to have tattoos any more"", it's more like ""I could totally get this shit old design lasered off, and start getting some epic new work over it."" As for reconstructing stretched lobes, I find people are giving it up at least, because they dont wanna go any larger than. The size they always wanted. Thing is, when you start out you have a ""goal"" if you like, and once you get to that size you're happy. However, the long term effects of having a weight in your stretched lobes is the lines will self stretch a little. I was once at around 30mm stretched lobes, retired after an accident, let them heal up naturally. One is almost entirely healed normal, the other is somewhat noticeable that there's a little dimple in it lol. Could probably still stretch it... Anyway... Sorry about the length of the post. Hope I cleared it up a little. Any questions feel free to fire them my way. Source- I am a tattoo artist."
"No, reeeaaaally? I say OP is a gay guy and is being jealous."
You misspelled armor you fukin commie Do you use any armour/weapon mods?
They said white people like mayonnaise a few times so they're totally on par with this sub Got an example?
So this is how JHarden learnt his defense right? Everyone pointing for someone else to go get Parker. Spoiler: nobody got Parker.
"lol, nah I just come here for the parties and sweet hunnies. Surprisingly, people who spend a lot of their time on the chemistry sub do actually think it's awesome. Crazy, I know."
are you implying that restricting easy access to fire weapons could prevent massive killings? Probably no access to one.
"""Oh gee thanks for calling my content stupid!"" I don't either, he should at least be happy RT mentioned him, that alone will get him a ton of new views from people who didn't know about him. Coming out and being a baby about it is just going to hurt him in the eyes of potential viewers. But i like how he acts as if everyone thinks it is ok what nintendo is doing. Not a single person outside of nintendo is ok with what they are doing, there is just nothing anyone can do to change their mind, if they want to change their stance on videos they will do it on their own when they start falling off the radar even further. People call him out on doing it to himself when he KNEW what would happen yet he did it anyway and he starts assuming those people agree with nintendo."
"It's usually what works for me! Creep logic: ""I'm going to threaten you until you talk to me. It'll obviously be a lovely conversation that follows."""
"Yeah, if you sign that petition you're literally Hitler The Jewish lobbies are really (insanely) strong in the United States and Europe and they are entirely against this. I'd even go so far as to say it's probably one of the major reasons that banning male circumcision isn't even realistically on the table. And the moment you make statements like I just made, you're declared ""anti-Semitic"" and you obviously hate all the Jews, love terrorism, believe Hitler was outstanding and are intolerant for all things Jew. And there-in lies the problem. I mean it's not just Judaism as there are many other major/minor religious that promote circumcision (many Islamic sects circumcise infants as well; some wait until the child is twelve/thirteen, but that's not so common any more) and any talk of banning this horrible practice when these major religious support it is gong to be difficult if not impossible. This practice needs to be advocated against within major Jewish, Islamic, et. al. sects in a major way as being against God, Allah, Jebus, whoever."
"Yes, let us remove health and energy orbs so a support is needed on every team. Health and Energy Orbs"
"Yeh let's balance the game around lower mmr. 6.81 heroes? I'm not sure if I'm losing interest in the game, but I'm just not having fun with the current version. I know it's not just because there hasn't been an update for a while, but I think it's because of the same boring 10 heroes being picked every game. Every game, it's void, tinker, doom, lycan, mirana and invoker. It seems like there's very little room for variation. In Dota 1, I could pick an underused carry and have a lot of fun with them. In Dota 2, I'll just get stomped by the death ball unless I comply and pick an equally overpowered hero. There's no room for farming in this version, and there are so many anti carry strategies and items that it's faded as a role, especially in low-mid MMRs where I am currently at. There seems little point to playing carries when the space required to let them farm is more or less from a winning position anyway."
PBN tvds
"Clams are basically rocks right? Vegetables, rice and fucking clam sauce. It was listed as vegetarian and dairy-free on the menu ughhh."
"It's ""undefined"" because you used your Xelor's powers to manipulate time, clearly This is how many PP you need to reach rank #60746"
"Everyone knows, a true fan is happy as fuck when their team loses Can we start banning this negative shit? Jesus guys."
"SAYS THE CHILD HITTER Honestly, most of my favorite comments weren't really about the game. I enjoyed the Civ threads more when people talked about the banter and the dumb stories we told and jokes we said etc. I'd say for the last 5-6 games or so (including Civ 5) these threads are mostly just gameplay and strategy discussion, with a heavy lean towards harsh criticism. It's just not as fun to read these anymore, for me personally."
When in reality it gives them Aspergers They also feel that the HPV vaccine that would prevent girls from getting cervical cancer would make them into sluts. That's some Islamic honor killing thinking there.
"24v24v24 like in ffxiv (and probs other games in not aware of) How to make Smite fun again (Suggestion) So I've been bored as heck on all of my games and I've been burnt out on smite for the last month. Been playing since last May. I figured I should play rocket league to get my mind off it. I tried chaos mode after playing it awhile ago and I'll admit, I had a blast. I tried to figure out why and it occured to me. More players are more fun. You don't try to blame or bm anyone because the big, chaotic game mode isn't meant to be taken strictly. So what am I saying? A game mode with more people is what we (might) like. Maybe a 4v4v4 game mode or a 6v6. The bigger the better. Team comp won't matter because it's so hectic. Abilities left and right. I think this could shine some light on the players that have been needing something new. TL;DR a bigger game mode."
"I love how all the posts disliking the text thing are being downvoted I really dislike it, and I prefer not to come on MakeupAddiction on those days. If I want to look at only text posts, I'll go a few pages into MakeupAddiction, or start my own discussion. There is no need to force us to do this on one day of the week."
"because he knew about it first so it makes him a better person Little question, why do people seem to hate the documentary so much? If it helped a younger audience get into the community, isn't that a good thing?"
"I read Stalin... Not much of a difference, though, since Stalin is worse than Hitler I mean, I post anime to this sub as part of a Satanic conspiracy to destroy SWS from within. I have no idea what everyone else is doing."
"It's definitely real coke, you can tell by the way he wastes it by rubbing it all over the outside of his nose. I'd say that is fake coke but that prison ink says differently."
"Nope he's definitely going to Boston because he's friends with Horford and Brady can show him how to win titles Its amazing how we went from being 90% sure he's staying with OKC, to a meeting that went 'very well' with gsw, to getting blown away by the Clipper's pitch and now all of a sudden he's definitely going to the Celtics? All this is media hype and i'm certain he's signing a 1+1 deal with okc."
"NAW MAN THE KIT IS BROKEN WE NEED TO TOTALLY REWORK HIM NUMBERS AREN'T ENOUGH It's odd. He would be in a DECENT place with basically 2 buffs. Lower the mana cost on his E. At the fifth lvl it is 110 mana. This is more than most ultimates, just for a simple wave-clear. The other thing I would like would be more movespeed. He is one of the squishier characters (having no escapes), and a low base movespeed. Plus more ms synergizes with his ult, and his w."
"Lebron was obviously flopping A Flagrant 2 is both ""excessive and unnecessary."" That's a Flagrant 2 on Teague no question. It'll be assessed before the next game."
Not our fault we can't keep up with your knockoff Fourth of July I'm not angry that you didn't turn up; I'm angry about the reason you didn't turn up
"Menelik's got dis. If we don't lock up Penn and can't reel in a solid LT in FA, it's going to be a sad, sad day."
Until Rossiter becomes the next Steven Gerrard! Still vacant. It probably will be for a few seasons.
But WV is his base! Felon beats Obama in several West Virginia counties
"what about Fatal1ty? faker is probably the most famous one but, he doesnt stream on twitch and no twitter."
"Well it obviously helped look how good ya turned out. I got arrested for possession right after I had graduated. I had less than a gram and the police told me the same thing. They said because of this I would never be able to go to University ever again, I would not be able to get a job again because no one hired criminals, and I would never be able to get assistance from the government (food stamps for example). They said as a result I would likely just end up in and out of prison for the rest of my life. Obviously none of that happened. Its so insane that they think saying crap like that would somehow help me."
"Build a PC. Pulled a PS4 off of a shelf while in bed almost sleeping, I heard it near enough smash but was to tired to care. On a plus note the disc inside was completely fine."
le storm troopers are so innaccurate XDDD! Found at Target (of all places)
"Cos everyone loves Fefe People invested four years into the progression of this leading lady. Why would you not think that people would be upset when she was killed off so ridiculously, when she was just coming into her own? And not to mention the shipping on her death bed. That was utterly ridiculous. As a non-comics fan of the show, this was the low point - really inexcusable."
"I want everyone to believe I'm an incompetent subhuman with tendencies towards raping white women. I believe most stereotypes are true. Not necessarily because people are stereotypes, but because people use stereotypes to project an image of themselves that they want others to see."
Good thing there weren't any of those nutjobs with CCWs there or things might have got out of hand and innocent bystanders would have been shot by those untrained yahoos. Was The NYPD Responsible For 10 Of The 11 People Shot Yesterday?
"I'm Benching Forsett and CJA because I drafter Bell and AP and Forte and Hyde and Lacy and Lynch It's a one team league but it gets super competitive ""What do you guys think about Forsett this week? He hasn't looked great in the running game thus far and has a short week against the Steelers."" ""Benching him because I drafted Bell and Forte."" Those are the comments that really suck. Says literally nothing other than ""Please pat me on the back and tell me how great I drafted/how good my team is."" The worst part is that someone else will comment after that and one-up until we reach unseen levels of absurdity. This sub is great for breaking news and other player insights, but the advice (with the exception of a few stellar redditors) sucks."
"Yes, segregation was the bomb. Isn't it awesome when a business is free to kick out customers that it doesn't like? Unless they're Christian bakers of course."
You sound like a transphobe I'd love if kluwe would just stop
"Someone who compares someone else to a Nazi is literally Hitler. Comparing anything to Hitler, Nazis, or the Holocaust."
"I'll let you know when I graduate residency... How's work-life balance as a doctor in your specialty? Is there even such thing? Also, would be nice to hear how many hours a week you work."
"Haha ur noob I bet ur only a 4k mmr scrub. Dang it's so horrible having to click on everything that gets posted even if I don't enjoy it- Oh, you mean I don't have to watch something just because it's posted? Well it's still shitty because this sub should be providing me quality cont- Oh, you mean this is a community of almost 200,000 people and everyone has their own opinion of what's a good post and what isn't, and my opinion may sometimes be the minority?"
See ya Hightower fuck... this speaks to me
"Fuck that, I ain't no pussy Don't take Viagra if you're on nitrates for chest pain as it may cause an unsafe drop in blood pressure."
"''I like to think of my children as tools to be used for furthering my religion... just chill out.... it's not like they are actual people with their own mind, will, and set of desires/preferences!'' This series should never have happened in the first place. Quiverfulls are terrible people."
A strangely detailed 3D drawing Does this look like a drawing to you?
"well lads, time to break out the pitchforks. Canadian Muslim group which operates 20 schools and mosques, including one in Calgary, funneled $300K to Hamas-linked charity: Documents"
Yeah and that's trash. Mayo Clinic started Mayo Medical School..
Are you sure? Um.. The waves.
"We could just detonate a nuclear device over the north pole. Currently. If we ever do colonize Mars and make the planet habitable again it will be done most likely by something not yet known, or something we aren't thinking about. We could do it the natural way like you said, but the way we will most likely do it will be much more efficient. As for when, we could've started the natural way 30 years ago... I hope it happens within the next hundred years while I'm still alive, or we have a healthcare revolution and we start to discover ways of immortality(crosses fingers). And I believe it would take about 200 years for for the natural conversion... don't quote me on that tho."
"Well.. If Nixon could become president in the year 3000, I am sure McCain would manage in the year 2020.... Not really. You'd have a 75 year old with an 80 year old VP, and the third in line being Paul Ryan. I respect the hell out of McCain, but his best chances at top-level leadership in this country have passed"
Poor Baby! Christmas was ruined this year.
"Yeah, but it's still a carbon based life-form, so basically the same thing Yes, someone changing their name, visual look, gender pronouns, and often physical attributes is a complicated and jarring process. Fuck, if someone shaves their beard or loses weight people take a bit of time to adjust, you're talking about a complete fucking overhaul and you seriously expect people to just immediately accept it?"
"yes because without government, nobody would harrass anyone ""But we're totally against big government, guys!"""
I hate you. I hate bob the builder
"What they obviously need are ... ""more tax cuts."" Kansas Governor Brownback Gets Note From Waitress: 'Tip the Schools,' Not Me"
"Of course it's balanced, Kaom's Heart has 553 armor. Yap. It's funny that GGG allows this 6 Link legacy ""Kaom"", but for life builds we have HALF EHP value (500 life) without any sockets. Balanced, my m8, that is balanced. :) ""Mexican meme guy laughing"" eeeheheheheh eeeeeeeheheheheheh hehehe eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeheheheheh :D"
"Oh, how kind! FIFA president Sepp Blatter pledges $100M to Brazil"
Grammar seems harder for you. math is hard
"It's neck and neck now 16,132 call your friends we need this! Seahawks are now the largest football subreddit with 16,131"
"You're right to doubt him, Xavi was absolutely shit for Spain. Well we don't really know what he's like not under Pep, most of his career has been under him"
"Poor guys only got to go into space and in some cases the Moon. I think late 2030's is the accepted estimate right now. So yeah, he'd probably be too old. It's really too bad that people like Buzz Aldrin and other apollo astronauts probably won't be around to see it happen."
"Thanks for telling me I'm not Jewish enough because I vote Democrat! Only secular, atheist liberal 'Jews' vote Democrat."
She is appropriating their culture! Seeing non-Indian women in sarees is always a delight!
BECAUSE HE SAID SO! And you know this how?
"Nope, he was being completely serious. Is that a joke?"
But I thought Obama was a Muslim! Helen Thomas to Playboy: Jews 'own the White House'
"They didn't have a flag, they were asking for it. Dude, having no shame over your colonial past is just two steps less bad than a Nazi denying the Holocaust ever happened. You did not 'civilize' the colonies. You entered them by force, used violent repression and divide and conquer tactics that still play an important part in the socio-cultural struggles of said countries, you basically plundered their natural riches setting back economic development. Not cool dude, not cool at all."
"Now now, we don't want to muddy the waters with dirty facts, do we? So's the flag of the United States to many southerners. The Northern States have had more then their share of ""racism, bigotry, and white supremacy."" The Monroe Doctrine, the Domino Theory, the fact that we now have a supreme centralized government in stead of a republic of states. Remember the North slave states did not free Northern slaves until December of 1865, after the end of the Civil War. Thus the ""union"" remained slave holders longer then the Confederacy."
"right, who the hell thought it was a good idea to keep the weaker ones alive? I don't know, natural selection doesn't seem to be working properly"
"And all she did was lie under oath but that's not perjury. She committed extreme carelessness, so obviously she's not guilty of the felony of gross negligence."
Where is the all of the above? What's the biggest problem In Clash Royale?
"^sorry forgot 2007 was never about growing, just a stale game where people dont want content but then beg for more content, my b. It's power creep go play some eoc if you want pewpew imba"
"You're wrong, let me tell you your own intentions because I perceive the goings on differently This particular rifle does about 10-12 damage to vehicles. My goal was to hurt the heli while my friends locked on. I wasn't expecting to shoot the pilot"
"shocking Jon Rosen on Twitter: ""Getting the sense, through multiple conversations, that the Kings have told Anze Kopitar that he has been named team captain."""
Nice aim proof that global elite is new DMG CS:GO (60 FPS)
"Clearly, he *earned* that death sentence by going 5 MPH over the speed limit. What if a careless motorcyclist just not thinking of the speed limit goes through the middle?"
"Of course conservatives don't like to be asked questions, because being asked questions about your ideology is persecution. This seems to be a problem in their party. I remember videos of Romney bullying reporters as well (literally following them to yell at them some more) for asking simple questions."
I'm glad he did it so early in his presidency... Obama wants to fundamentally change how we fight the war on drugs
"That's what you get for calling a magazine a clip. TIL the lead singer of Chicago died after he picked up a 9mm pistol, said, ""Don't worry about it... Look, the clip's not even in it,"" then held it to his head and pulled the trigger"
"Must be because all you have access to is mustard. Welp, I didn't really want lunch anyways, thanks."
Thank you very helpful They got rekt.
I assume the original scenario was That isn't the scenario he described.
"Yes, because prohibition makes everything so much less violent and disorderly. In their defense, in rich white areas drugs don't cause violence, so they really is no need to enforce those laws. Where I come from, people get murdered daily over gang violence and drugs so there is an absolute need to law enforcement there."
What a douche! Your children love Kaep? He is running a two-day football camp in SF where he trains kids and has lunch with them. Pretty cool!
Should have had your tow hook in. Someone Backed Into My FR-S While I Was At Work Today....
"Clearly they got paid to say that. Eh, you can't fake Confusion's ADC and Jungler specifically saying it wasn't Chunky's status as a Fusion sub, or Chunky at all for that matter, that lead to Confusion's forfeit. I mean, that's half the team."
"Well you sure don't you silver skrub. We don't ""deserve"" anything."
History ain't asked on JEE so why bother? Why were so many people on this sub sleeping during history classes in school?
Roman winning the rumble What are you most looking forward to at the Royal Rumble? There's been a lot of pessimism over who is ready to win the rumble and who isn't. As well as if Daniel Bryan should be thrust into the Main Event of Mania for the second year in a row. What are you personally stoked to see happen at the Rumble? For me first and foremost I just want Kane to get at least a single elimination so he can top Michaels as the guy with the most eliminations in Rumble History. I think for being the Company guy for as long as he has it would be a nice notch on his belt.
Clearly the deagle needs to be nerfed Device Deagle Ace VS NiP
"If you give them a chance, they'll try to take over! We aren't even giving kids a chance anymore."
Hasn't that cop ever heard of the constitution! Montreal cop points smoke grenade launcher point black at protester who is protesting education cuts. Cop is wearing stickers protesting cuts to his pension.
AW says otherwise. M16 was always God Tier...
That inspires confidence I'm thinking Smith gets moved to the top pair with Big E and Kindl plays with Zidlicky.
"Tell me about your childhood. Before we get to your dream, I do want to mention the reflex you show toward rape and aggression. Do you often look for the word ""rape"" in your life? Tell me about your childhood. As far as your dream: The first theme, The Hero Scenario, occurs quite often for people that are going through a difficult time proving their worth or solving a problem either in your life or for someone close to you. Talking animals or Anthropomorphism is always present to create a barrier between who is needing to be saved and you. It is either someone you attempt to ""soften"" that you feel needs help or a general feeling of proving your worth to innocents."
Totes not trutrans obviously. What if I'm happy?
Right.. But there is wallhack! Silent aim has nothing to do with spread.
"Just STFU and pay you leaner, those companies are what makes Australia great, not by paying money to socialist ideals like welfare, healthcare and the like - Bermuda has swimming pools that need chlorination, someone needs to clean ze pools. Fox, mining, banks why am I not surprised?"
and why thyssen krupp are a tiny company! That's why no one has bought Volkswagen or Hugo Boss since WWII.
"yes because girls much prefer the normal 'hey, weathers looking good today' Pretty much any pick-up line. No girl likes a guy who uses pick-up lines instead of talking normally. Especially if she is meeting him for the first time. I think they feel like prostitutes and not dates when someone just says some sexual innuendo to them. Now someone explain that to Tom Haverford."
"It's still a thing and they have been ""FIXED"" many times. Why is this still a thing? Nullifiers were added in 2014 and they are STILL broken."
Probably fix the bug where the Rocket and Sticky Jumpers do no damage. What do you think Valve will do for the 10th anniversary of TF2 next year?
"But don't you know, he's **literally** Hitler. lol Reddit. I tell ya."
hey you dropped this Is this going to delete my MBR?
You say that like it means something She-under age
"I think he will get out and cure cancer as one Redditor actually suggested as a reason for letting him out. If Adnan does get out of prison, I hope you are wrong. I certainly do expect Adnan to continue his manipulative behavior. But I hope he has learned to control his temper and accept the decisions of others. I can't say that I have much hope that he will totally behave himself though."
"Yeah, it's just full of Asians here in Scotland. You should feel bad. Your empire is just couple of rocks now. The Aussies are fucking morons for not going full Republic. And you clearly haven't been to Oz lately, it's getting much more Asian these days. A bit like Britain, come to think of it."
Everyone here is saying did you hear this or did you hear that... What if this guys is death You have to legitimately be trying to be ignorant. Did you miss the part of the video where the reporter said the police thought he was part of the group throwing stuff at them?
"Please don't post comments that don't contribute to the ETH bubble. Expanse also got a ""partnership"" does that legitimize that project too? These ""partnerships"" are just images you can use to quickly spin up a VM. Microsoft doesn't care what software you want to spin up, they just want you to create VMs so they can bill you for them. Inflating this as anything more is laughable at best and manipulation of people who don't understand these services at worst."
Another dangerous offender off the streets TN Cop shoots suspect trying to flee a DUI checkpoint
"brah, if u dnt even hav like 4 moniters, an i7, and dat $1,000 gtx titan grafics card wuts even de point brah? They would hate me. My PC has been in a box for years and I do not care to use it."
"Nu! Is '87 actually 1987? Just wondering how *exactly* we know that '87 was *19*87. Please mention any evidence (eg. if Scott posted anything about it) - please know that I know about the paycheck, and don't spam 'the paycheck'."
"I'm so glad I just turned 26, or I'd be in a dilemma with the '18-25' or '25-30' options. Fire Emblem Survey"
But you get to meet the players! coaching the lakers for minimal wage? taking endless abuse is such a privilege is it? you are on crack my friend.
I know I was here before I bought the game and taking notes on what to look for months down the line. Because this wasnt posted back when thr beta was up
"""the way it's meant to be played"" When you play a new game for the first time"
"#HOW CAN WE KNOW FOR SURE IT WAS HIM, MAYBE HE SAYS SOMETHING ELSE! Obama could see an empty cookie jar and the Cookie Monster with crumbs around his mouth and still not crack the case."
No I put fuchsia on your selfie. The color?
"You were never a real Democrat anyways! The tweets in response to this are disheartening to say the least. Seeing how much the Dems hunker down under any criticism and just point to the republicans as the greater evil in order to justify any act, simply solidifies to me why I am an Independent and have no inclination to vote for Hillary if she wins the nomination."
"I am going to start my own ISP Can anyone recommend me an Internet provider? I'm looking to get some better internet. I am a Steam gamer, so I need good enough speeds for downloading, as well as playing with friends across the globe. Can anyone recommend me a internet provider, and perhaps a plan as well?"
"Spoilers, dude! I just refuse to watch it cause i know how it ends. The boat sinks."
"If I wanted range indicators, I'd turn off smart casting! League of range indicators."
"Yeah bro, working in US project, I'll probably go this year TCS me rehte to for sure 2019 tak onsite chale jaate \s"
"But that's OK, because he's had no vaccinations either, so his natural resistances will just fight it off without Big Pharma getting involved and giving him autism. Is nobody going to mention that this kid is still connected to the placenta? You can see the umbilical cord coming out of his shirt. WTF. That can't be healthy, and probably is a risk factor for infections."
"Nice try, Walmart PR. This Walmart employee does an awesome impression of Shaggy and Scooby Doo!"
"I'd say that's a pretty fair question to ask on a second date. OP done goofed. Got married young, get his wife pregnant young, and now he's going to be fucked over by child support payments for years. You had your whole life ahead of you, but now you've got to grow up quick. Pro tip: don't be in a relationship with a woman (and certainly don't get her pregnant) if her opinion about keeping a disabled unborn baby is very different than yours."
Yeah but if Rodgers didn't have 51 other players on his team he wouldnt win so in reality he deserves almost 0 credit So.. It takes defense to win playoff games. Hence why the thread in general is just to rouse some rabble.
ohh something new and original BRODYQUEST - WTF?!?
"Oh but he and Hillary are the same! He said Bill Pryor, who would let states jail gay people for having sex in their own homes, would be a great pick for the Supreme Court."
"I wonder what the canon explanation is. The EU kind of explains this, in that the Emperor was using a form of Battle Meditation and when he died the entire fleet kind of went into meltdown."
But the governor said he wasn't a muslim! Suspect in shooting of Philadelphia cop pledged allegiance to ISIS
"PR is just PC run amok! OK, even if (and that's a huge motherfucking if) they had good intentions, how was it not *obviously* a Bad Idea? No one stopped and said, ""Hey, you know what? This is probably going to be a PR disaster""..."
"Can't handle my SW4G bro? A ""popped"" collar."
"Or we could just go the other direction and make an r/anxietyFML That would be super uplifting too! Sounds good. I'd definitely like to see more of that kind of thing rather than just ""Here is everything in my life that's horrible right now"". Not that there's anything wrong with that, everyone needs to vent, but some positivity would definitely help."
"I was going to say, I too do filter changes once a year So that's why my flow rate was so low..."
"Bharat tere tukde honge, inshallah inshallah! Oh bhai ji but what about good taarrorists and bad taarrorists?"
"and xpeke those were random eu teams. it had a ton of success in korea, bdd was 4-2 with it and faker is 1-0 with it, and mechanically with azir fenix is easily the best azir in the west."
it's the greatest thing since sliced bread! ouya was dead on arrival.
He's so excited! Stream Highlight cause you never know..
Nade's the only one that will team with him why didn't boze play
You don't think Coast can beat TSM or TiP? Somehow I can't see Coast going 4-0.
No Man of Smiles... Not MUH Superman The trinity decided to take selfie before kicking Darkseid's ass.
I mean if you have a depressant and a stimulant those cancel each other out right? So does that mean Vodka and Redbull is bad? But it tastes so good!
"Grandmaster quest and a elite diary seems reasonable Add a real req for the dragon sword, it will be new best in slot to kill green dragons as a botter."
"I wish we only allowed people to get STEM degrees, eat Dorritos and play on PCs the world would be perfect Oh cry about it. Maybe try getting a degree in a field that is actually hiring, like engineering or applied sciences, instead of underwater basket weaving or liberal arts. But seriously, there are ways to go to get a degree without tons of debt."
Hey buddy it ain't censorship because le goverment isn't forcing them ;v} It's censorship through monopoly of product distribution. Walmart pulled the same shit in the 90s since they were often the only retailer in many towns.
"Thank god, only south america mineral rape! Considering most of it is in south America, probably not"
"Nah man, cycle is over well we just have to realize that we have: no starting gk, 2 starting defenders, 2 starting midfielders and 1 starting fwd. So dont expect the best and keep supporting everyone."
I'm so gonna be fat if not for the salad! Double patty Pepper jack burger
"Oh good, strangers think I'm easy. One of my boyfriend's best vanilla friends from college has been looking for a girlfriend. He's an awesome guy but dating is tough in our area. On a car ride recently he told us that other vanilla people have suggested he try checking out the kink scene because all the women there are easy. He knew better, but oh god if I hadn't been driving I would've facepalmed myself into oblivion."
"OP's response ""Yeah well I have 41 GB of ram, I love poker and ashley madison ads and whats a UI?"" It also takes up a lot of ram, you can't permanently turn popups off, the UI sucks and is extremely slow..."
"B-b-but white people have no culture? I'll wear whatever I damn well please. To use SJW logic: Samhain was stolen in the 8th century from the indigenous peoples of Celtic lands, therefore anyone participating in it at all is actively engaging in the continued appropriation and erasure of Celtic culture. Being of Celtic descent, this makes me a victim and member of the oppressed group. Therefore, dressing in any costume I want is me taking back my heritage and fighting my oppressors. And we all know you cannot oppress your oppressors. Therefore, fuck you, I'll wear whatever I damn well please."
"Duh that plant causes more harm than murder... I think it is the issue that our legal system is so out of whack that someone can receive more jail time for owning a plant, than ending the life of another human being."
"Sorry forgot the No, just a reference. Learn what words mean before you use them."
"Clearly you should have been born rich and then you wouldn't have the misfortune of not being able to avoid tax by property investment. Such as an average house in my rural city costing 7 times my annual wage from a full time position? A cheap house, which means run down and in a bad neighbourhood still runs to about $190k or 5 times my annual wage. I would say that is exclusion."
Only ~40% off... no biggie.... Winnipeg stadium to cost $160M -- $45M over budget
"I don't get it, what is the significance of ""52 HdW""? Oh God NO!"
"Apply STP. How do i stop my boots from squeaking? I have SMX boots. They have plastic on the side that rubs together. I've tried WD-40 Silicone spray, but after the first day it has only made them louder. Even if I try to reapply"
"Yep, everyone should have to exchange detailed information about their political and religious beliefs before any type of business exchange is conducted so that everyone can choose to discriminate against everyone they don't like. If they want it to be legal to discriminate based on what they view as a choice, then I want it to be legal to discriminate based on religion. If they want to keep religious discrimination illegal, then I want orientation to be a protected class as well. There's no middle ground for me here."
Ok u/unclelabs how many upvote do you need to let the vehicle? Key it next time you see it for me.
"Checkmate, evolutionists. Single cells evolve in to dinosaurs ;) (E.coli and B. cereus mixed inoculum)"
Because Blizzard is a charity organization dedicated solely to making fan boys happy. Can anyone explain to me why Blizzard has to give you 3 free packs or did you just lose your fing minds?
OMG so game breaking this server sucks devs are awful polish suck blah blah blah blah Theatre of Dreams Blink Mechanics
"Sorry, forgot the It didn't. Americans are stupid. They can't tell the difference between the southern border with Mexico, over which millions of diseased, illiterate illegals pour, and the northern border with Canada, over which well-educated Canadians who speak English and have jobs sometimes come to shop in the States."
Dayshell is the heaviest band I know. ya their like rlly dark n stuff :(
"yes because wwe listens to the fans, especially the redditors Oh boo hoo, my favorite didn't win, how dare they! People like you are why everyone's record is 50/50"
no golden state has government issue press passes It's not a fake ID though. Just a pass. Not sure if thats a felony.
"Maybe some folks noticed it's much easier to get a job in the UK if one actually speaks english. Wait, Polan has higher English Proficiency thant GERMANY? WHOA!"
That whore. But not a virgin.
"Police time well spent. Police seize $2m cannabis haul in north-west Tasmania, man arrested nearby"
oh yeah.... FUCK THIS SHOW! All the shit that happened this ep and we all forget about...
"Wow, I can't believe that the men serving in the US Army, MC and AF do not all think like George Bush.... Methinks that some people might not know that not all German soldiers were Nazis. Your statement is likely correct."
Found andy's alt Who are some of your all time favorite players that aren't necessarily fan favorites or BB legends? One of my all time favorites is Andy from BB15. He was great on the show and he's hilarious off the show.
Damn illegal immigration. Looks like we replaced Florida with Mexico.
"Well if you pay less for the maintenance you could afford a better car ^ this. I mean, I still can't afford to buy a car that's less than 15 years old, but if I could, you can be sure I would maintain it. There's no point paying so much money for something if it's only gonna last five years."
"Don't worry, you'll inevitably topdeck Nourish next turn anyways then not have a hand?"
"Jeez kid, act like you've been there before. This guy wins at life"
"Well, *that* seems to be working out well for him. Nah, I think that was another guy. That kid had a distinct way of typing and didn't whine about feminists. I'm fairly certain TheWaffleHacker posted whiny shit/complaints about feminists here. He too is/was obsessed with some woman and repeatedly asked for advice on other subs as I remember someone calling him out. I think he identified as a FA or incel. Pretty sure he messaged a few people here and threatened them too. So yeah, no surprise about this. I kinda doubt he's going to prison though. Sounds like a lame attempt to get some sympathy or something."
"Yeah because what s5 really needed was more different POVs. Sure do like how they killed Stannis before introducing the Northern lords that were supposed to be backing him up, great job D&amp;D."
"Make sure to use the politically correct term ""grub"" She'll probably divorce the cunt"
But you're discounting the fact that the older drive gave you a 50% higher fps DOOM Load Times on Identical Drives : Brand New HDD vs 5 Year Old HDD
"and you, of course, would altruistically refuse the billions of dollars and keep churning out code The latter. This is owned by Microshit now. They're all about profit. An actuall modding API would be in the player's best interest but not give incentive to keep money flowing to Microshit's investors and executives. People need to remember. The person who made this game out of passion and genuine concern about players and gamers sold it to one of the biggest, monopolistic, and greedy companies on the planet. We need to stop pretending this never happened."
MUH FEELS This new Cubone card hit me right in the feels...
"giving gems to people with the god pack, great idea! Chixy's Mastery Challenge"
\#bigdickproblems Am I alone in never having had my dick stick to my thigh?
"Ya the league leader in walks doesn't no shit about the strike zone As much as I love Jose, and while Holland is a douche for calling him out publicly, he has a point. I can see while rival players and fans might get annoyed with Jose's constant complaining about borderline calls."
"Well, that doesn't smell of stalker vibes at all. Bday card 3 weeks late from MIL. Inside says, ""I'm not late. I'm sensitive."""
Because it's much harder telling them the username and password to your steam account. The future of gaming? who will you give your games to?
"Maybe you should get a change of wardrobe before you go to the beach in your religious clothing. I'm very pale and every time I go to the beach I cover my entire body in clothes, towels, hats, sunglasses, sunscreen, etc. so that I won't damage my skin. I can't imagine being forced by law to either strip down or never be allowed to go to the beach again."
"That's exactly what I said. After two centuries, you think having one black president means blacks don't suffer from oppression anymore?"
"If there's one thing you can say about Obama, it's his strict adherence to the constitution. Ahh he can't because it's in the constitution."
"Dammit Koba, you have 100 jobs, get the 127th picture right. BABYMETAL on Twitter: Hello @issues @AltPress #APMAS"
Japan is just so special that only Japanese can possible get it because they are so special desu My worry is if the refugees would assimilate or not. Take a look at europe. Japan is culturally rich country and by far the most difficult to get by. The refugees won't make it unless they adapt and *fast*.
"ok then, let them keep on, meanwhile other games rake in hundreds of millions by making cheap stuff, but i bet ggg doesnt care about money right You're as dim as a black hole and twice as dense. What they have worked, they do not want to change it because it works. If they change it and the whales don't like it, they leave. If they change to fit you in and the whales don't like it GGG fails."
"Clearly it must be all our offensive dongle jokes that's keeping them from entering computer science. Computer science, for some reason, seems to have the fewest. Even at my university where the college of engineering is full of women, there are only 1 or 2 in my computer science classes."
"Yes, because when she took it off it didn't reveal a bloody rash because of how much it was constricting her back, as is mandated by the patriarchy's female beauty laws! That bra doesn't fit that person properly."
"Yeah, haha, black people are poor. Black people always.."
Nadeshot retired Why Is OG So Bad at Comeback Uplink?
no please tell me I hear they are like the Boy Scouts Do you not know what ISIS does?
\#GopFiscalResponsibility ^^ Jindal to leave Louisiana's next governor with budget mess
"lol sure Is there not a middle ground? Only ever smoked ""socially"" - never habitually - and got into vaping because I enjoy a nice session of ""vape n read"" after a long day at work. Also nice during a drive. I do it because I enjoy it, not because it's 'cool.'"
"And Doctor Strange was a ""drugs can be good kids"" movie. Don't forget that the original Captain America was an adventure film and Winter Soldier was a spy thriller. Marvel realized early on that it wasn't superhero movies that were popular, it was movies that had superheroes in them that were."
When Are The Servers Live Is The Season Pass Seperate Why's The Darkzone Too Hard When's My Order Arriving Please Describe this game in 5 words
"Fucking sexist racist misogynist undesirable First time in weeks if not months. FBI release on the Friday before labor weekend had a megathread about Hillary's corruption that was gone by Monday morning. But yeah no bias at all, I'm just a conspiracy theorist for asking the right questions."
"Tell em to speak American. Quick Friend Request Translation, please"
I believe the term is jiggawatts. I work for an electric utility. We measure 1000's of megawatts as megawatts even though you could just as easily say gigawatts. The only reason we do that is because of Back to the Future though.
"Any man can be a dad, but it takes a real man to be a father. If he doesn't mind sharing his wife, I don't think he'll mind raising their kids too."
Reus pls Divock Origi is a red!
...but why do you keep water in your closet? That was what happened minutes earlier in my water closet.
"Just what this subreddit needs, more shitposts! You retards complain way too much"
That's practically as bad as murder. #TWIS - Offended Cornell Students Freak Out After Football Coach Tweets Sombrero Picture
Thats racist you're only saying that because its a black football game! I own that game. It truly is awful.
Why would Adam Sandler put those triggering colors on that shitlord wrestler? Ben Kuchera vs Ethics
"Yes because if there's one thing black people have been going to the streets about, is that the police don't have enough power. Trump thinks black on black crime is the biggest issue facing the African American community and that he can solve it by increasing police involvement and authority in impoverished areas."
What state is BJ? for $150 i'll make u a MD and give a BJ
"Well, thanks a lot. I dont do shit like that anymore."
She is so brave. Liberals irl
"ISU-152 is so OP, there's no situation in which it should be able to one-shot another tank He had it coming. Don't let the wait for 9.14 get you down."
oh yes that message almost made it not worth it watching porn Everyone's excited about better game performance in Windows 10 but this is the only feature I'm really hoping for.
"Shut up shitlord, biology is just a tool of the patriarchy and rape culture. That isn't true at all. At 16 you are more than mature enough to have children, that is why we go through puberty to prepare for child birth. Wether you are mentally capable is another matter, but seeing as your mind isn't fully developed until around 21-22 how can you make the argument that 18 is fine but 16 isn't? Many countries have ages of consent under 18 as it just one arbitrary line. UK is 16, France is 15, Germany 14, Spain is 13. People are biologically 'designed' over millions of years to be attracted to women of breeding age and biologically speaking post puberty is breeding age. Puberty can be onset from as early as 9 (not that I am going to argue sleeping with a 9 year old is acceptable). Now each country draws a line where it thinks it's SOCIALLY acceptable to have sex. Hebephile and paedophile are biological terms which you are applying to social convention. You are supposed to be attracted to teenagers, that is the whole point in being a teenager. Teenagers mental maturity is deliberately 'designed' to get them having sex and reproducing. This is because naturally you would want as many kids as possible and you are most fit at these ages. If you want to fight millions of years of evolution be my guest, personally I think having sex with anyone under 18 is a little creepy. However don't try and compare people who are attracted to teenagers with people who are attracted to pre-pubescent's. It's just plain stupid."
"I thought NRA stood for National Rifle Agency. wow, so is the NRA"
"DROP CHRISTINE MICHAEL BOYS, CJ SPILLER IS TAKING ALL THE SNAPS! Seahawks sign RB C.J. Spiller"
"Yeah, lets scratch a guy that has been playing on the fourth line for the past few games, but keep Read and Umberger. Flyers' C Vincent Lecavalier to be a healthy scratch tonight; the first of his career."
"Damn, no wonder my 60"" screen won't take image from my PC, I have being over doing it for almost 50"". I like how he went from 4k 27"" monitor to a tiny 17"" monitor. And how is it hard to plug in 3 USBs?"
"way to kill the mood, tojo Except for the Japanese citizens in Canada that were forced into isolated segregated communities. It happened in merica too, no one likes to mention either really though."
"Yeah, he'll be limited to an eight year term. Listening to Donald Trump."
I guess thats what happens when one class dominates high tier sPvP. RIP DragonHunter 2016
Obviously pandering to young voters A friend's mixed race son received this letter from Hillary. This is why we must win.
[](/ajlie) Marty never dives! Lol Quick pullin a Marty on that one
"Sadly your analysis does not fit our black and white world. The Nottingham airport thing was a massive over-reaction by the authorities, followed by incompetent judging at the county court level. It a shame it had to go the the High Court, but that's regional judges for you, just rubber stamping whatever the police tell them to. There is now a High Court ruling, so lower courts have some guidance on what is and isn't a threat ""likely to cause alarm and distress"". The police have similar problems any new technology, they seem to start making up the law as they go. They still haven't got the hang of photography and video cameras. The Muamba thing was different. The guy was persistently offensive, and clearly did it with the intent of ""causing alarm and distress"". There have been similar cases, and all end up the same. Deleting the messages often doesn't help as these idiots move around the internet targeting people, and sometimes move into real-world harassment with offensive phone calls and mail. His case only gets attention because the target was famous."
"Smr China lake WarMachine Panzershreck And the awesome bo3 wunderwaffe What Are The Top 5 Weapons You Guys Would Like To See Return from previous CODs in Zetsubou No Shima? My Personal Top 5 Are (In No Particular Order): MP40 Galil PPSH Commando And The OG Ray Gun, (The One That Doesn't Suck) What Are Your guys top 5 weapons you want to see return?"
"""Cause it's finally affecting us as opposed to some Mooslems on some island that don't matter"" Why is the media and America more upset about the TSA than Guantanamo Bay?"
"Ah yes, I forgot, our systems perfect and values only what is valuable... Sure, we need those too, but equally as important? The job market and unemployment figures say no."
"Well, we Torontonians ARE the center of the frikkin' universe! This will also surely be the drunkest Sunday in Toronto, and therefore Canada."
"Don't you see, this proves beyond a doubt that the DHS is full of blackity black race warriors. For those of you counting at home, this is the fourth time a different article about this has been posted here in the last two days (that I've seen, I may have missed a couple). Why is this in r/libertarian? Is it because he's a black racist or because we hate when black racists make constitutionally protected free speech? There is no libertarian issue here. This would probably do better in r/conservative. I hear Sarah Palin is outraged. *OUTRAGED!*"
Congrats on acting like a decent human being... Did we do well my brethren?
gentrification takes another victim 'The Cube' is coming to Memorial Drive in the fall.
"B-B-But it's a religion of PEACE! Hey Islam, here's a new year's resolution: **STOP KILLING PEOPLE**"
"Why not both? Obama Weighs Airstrikes or Aid to Help Trapped Iraqis, Officials Say"
Zero is still plural... Really? I am bi and I can't recall having sex with anyone much less with a lot of people.
Is it organic? Los Angeles in a Picture
"Guys they only did this because MS announced theirs. Its official, Update 1.75 coming next week"
Almost everyone torrents Linux. Torrented system works perfectly fine. You just have to maintain it right.
Well at least #1 has a different lineup configuration. My server has so much variety !!!
"No no, he is a very low functioning non-verbal man... My wife was followed by this man only a few days earlier. He was yelling at a white guy about how they killed all the blacks, then followed her asking her if she hates the white man because she's Asian. She opens the place she works at on Bank St, and he was right up behind her, yelling at her while she unlocked the door. She locked the door behind her since she got there early and hid out of sight. He stayed outside the window and looked inside trying to see her. Surreal he's dead now."
"I think your missing the that's part of why he sucks... seriously though, he might have an alt, or play with steam offline.."
So this is what pure and focused envy feels like... Thanks OP. Gaming room 2015
"I'm terribly, utterly, shocked by this. Buffalo Bills have the drunkest fans in the NFL"
ITT: Kek too late for that Yurop is 110% muslim already cultural genocide worse than hitler who is by the way an awesome dude Merkel wants to 'drastically reduce' refugee arrivals in Germany
"Monopoly What boardgames have the best mechanics balancing against leader runaway? Pretty simple question, just been thinking about Kingsburg recently and liking how it gives a few extra boons to whoever is tailing behind. Are there any other examples of games making sure that those who are falling behind still have a fighting chance?"
"Oh damn, I'd love to see a picture of your talus and calcaneus ;) Show me the female organs"
putting more work into your memes than the actual event The Liquid NRG playoff generator
"But, none of what you're suggesting is brave... Ice cream might be sweet and comforting, but that doesn't change the calorie count so that's hardly a reasonable rationalization for choosing to eat it when your brain's first instinct is to question whether eating ice cream to silence your ""too many emotions"" is really wise and worth the caloric consequences. Maybe when you're having ""too many emotions"" you should sit quietly (no loud chewing or slurping) and let yourself feel them. Ask yourself why you feel them and what they mean. Deal with them instead of sweeping it all under the rug by ""freezing your brain."" Doing this might just be the stone that kills both the emotional eating bird and whatever bird causes you to feel the need to post this kind of embarrassing drivel to the internet."
"Do you think girls are human or something? So let's get this straight: According to this guy, if girls are obsessed over one guy, he's *for sure, 100%* a douchebag and she has daddy issues. Oh, and she's a whore. Because ""whore"" doesn't have a real definition, apparently. It's just, ironically, an overall nice-guy term for ""woman who won't fuck me whom I want to fuck"". But it's totes okay for a guy to be obsessed with one girl, because she's just confused about what she wants and doesn't realize that he's the best guy in the world for her and she'd be ""heartless"" without him? LOGIC!"
Just be aware they might not be mint. The one where you go to the ferry and try to buy up as many of their cars as you can according to this thread
This literally has never been on reddit before now. My interest in your problem
yeah i can tell by the pixels it was taken with a canon eos 550d Youtube stabilizing is really bad. I'd say this one was made with After Effect's Warp Stabilizing.
"Great, a way for jerks to view your private stats and grief you based on your K:D ratio on the hero you are playing that second, or your W:L ratio...yay.... Check your and other players' stats outside of the game with this awesome tool"
"But tmz isn't a reliable source, it must come from law enforcement. Did you see the interview this morning? The first question was ""When did you first learn about this video?"" and he says ""Yesterday morning"" referring to Monday or whenever it was that it was formally leaked by TMZ. He says this in complete disregard to TMZ saying last week that they had the video and telling the NFL they had it, the testimony from prosecutors saying they have it, etc etc. The dude is a flat out *liar* and it's pissing me off that the owners are rallying behind him on this because he's only doing their bidding. Then he goes on to say that the NFL couldn't get the video because they only rely on law enforcement as being the most credible in this situation. Really? Then why the hell is the NFL hiring ex FBI and police to be a security and investigation team. How is the casino security not credible? I can see the NFL not wanting to hang their hat on hearsay testimony from a low level security guard but the video is less credible from them as opposed to LEO's? This thing stinks to high heaven."
"Seriously though, what's wrong with your airplane freezing up for 100 microseconds every few seconds? Probably serious, people outside the concerned industries usually have no idea what real-time and low-latency mean. *Hint: it starts with no dynamic memory allocation, just because a page fault once in a while is NOT acceptable.*"
But I thought NASCAR died when he died? Dale sr. is nowhere near the sport's all time most popular driver. At least not when he was alive.
"get a life you ganja gremlins edut: I know right, the ganj bring us together"
"All good music was written before 1980. Pretty funny, but his classic rock is 1000 times better than the pop and hip-hop that I'm sure she'd rather listen to."
so heavy tanks aren't relevant in the game and die each game to arty. Why do we have to have artillery Can anyone actually name a half decent fucking reason for why it should be in the fucking game?
"Really long way of saying saying Australians of Reddit. What does ""taking the piss out of you"" mean?"
"Stop mansplaining and go check your privilige, shitlord. Protip: you can pound a nail into a wall with a frozen banana."
"Yes, cause a ruling in a division game caused them to win the AFC Championship game and the Superbowl. And the pats won a super bowl off the tuck rule."
they have overhead oxygen masks for a reason Oh that'll be great. Dropping mud and stinking up the cockpit.
They're running out of Guiness? ELI5: what on earth is going on in Belfast that they're preparing for riots?
"Runeforged is the thing that used to give power from defenses, and got removed in S3, right? Not going to lie, I almost forgot about Runeforged Hammer until I saw this."
"Well here starts Russia's world take over campaign, they simply just wont sit there and let Islamic terrorists get away with it like The Yanks , Israeli's , Brits, French, germans etc, nope Putin simply wants to rekindle the flame of the cold war and take over the world.. Putin sends 4,000 troops to Syria as he steps up bid to wipe out the Islamic State"
[OPINION] we need less comments on threads asking for less posts asking for dark matter The irony of this shitpost is unreal
"It's a mac, he reset the pram and tried starting it with extensions off, what else is there to try? ""Gone through all possible software problems"" Lol, how long has he been working on this? 12000 years?"
"Because your life purpose is to serve others Ndad's Message to me this Christmas It's my first Christmas after going NC--the 1 year anniversary, actually, after my Ndad went ballistic and threw me out of the house. I haven't seen him a whole year!!! wooo!!!!! I had to work today but I don't really mind. Emom texted me ""merry Christmas"" this morning, as well as ""your dad told me last night to tell you he's proud of you for serving others on Christmas"". Nope. You don't get to invade my mind, memories, or spirit this Christmas. I am celebrating being free, and I will not be pulled back into that mess by a seemingly 'kind' parental message. BAI."
"Legit. Gender pay gap in the U.S., broken down by occupation"
Wouldn't mind getting Flannagan Players out of contract in the summer - fancy any of them at United?
That's hot. I just hugged the twins real tight.
I forgot the There is hard evidence though. Are you saying there's no hard evidence because our intelligence community hasn't given you classified information to review? I mean...19 government agencies have verified this. What classified information do you have that they don't?
How dare you question my love of America They just love democracy too much to ever let us see it in action.
Yeah that's probably what's going to happen We might change from a capitalistic society to a better working socialist based economy where trade no longer runs peoples lives? The horror!
"Dude, maybe if you didn't smoke so much you wouldn't have that cough. *cough* cannabis *cough*"
"If they have no friends, they'll nver have bad friends. ""I'm just going to strangle my child's social development so they can live a better life"""
that's very nice of them... Indonesian Navy to Pull Out of AirAsia Recovery Mission
"Unfortunately the new mystery dungeon is also way too easy Nope, the main games are way too easy now and lack content and a good story"
"Yeah, let's bring in Fox News instead. Here is to hoping Mansbridge has the next few years not on the National but on on unemployment insurance after the government cuts the CBC budget as surveys show the majority of Canadians want."
"He means goats, women are objects. Women are not animals..."
"McDonalds the saint, just means to feed all those poor kids unhealthy meals so they don't starve, what would we just do without McDonalds advertising their saintly ways in our highschools under the disguise of healthy eating So boot the McDonald's and replace it with a Panera Bread? Because it's healthier? The macros are the same for five times the price. It's easy to snipe at McDonald's when they're perceived as the bad guy. But I don't see any ""healthy"" restaurants offering these kids better macros on a dollar menu. We get so hung up on obesity, we forget a lot of these kids may rely on a couple bucks an evening to eat a meal. I doubt a low income student is going home to steak and asparagus every night. Why does McDonald's get the heat for selling accurately priced food to a low income neighborhood? Where's the heat on the competition to offer wholesome food without charging $10 a meal?"
I am white and I support this message According to this thread my dark skin makes me a savage who stabs people on the daily
Just piss in the sink Or you could really save water like the pigs at my work and just not flush!
"Because the eurodownvotebots are super funny jokes and really help the subreddit! Your inconsistent, you do a good job but the inconsistencies you is what annoys me. It's like you can't tell when someone is joking so you ban them. That's why I said loosen up a bit."
"Yeah I bet that lifestyle is so easy.. Bring on the downvotes but, It's a lot easier when you dodge all state and federal income tax by selling wooden bowls at festivals over the summer."
But he was one yard away from winning the Superbowl fifteen years ago... I'm being facetious. He sucks and gets respect for no good reason. I want him gone.
Hooray for states rights. 7 States Which Ban Atheists From Holding Public Office
16 m cali Snapchat me bb 16 f Cali Want to kik?
reddit's advertisers don't like all this free talk we're having You got downvoted for providing information on the incident in question. Incredible
But education is a social construct created by libruls to brainwash us with their agenda! Can we make education great again? Jesus fuckin christ the people in this country scare me.
Um she clearly said she has a degree. She is most likely a poor person.
Tell me how this is bad? r/gaming Now like 75% of that subreddit is shitposts
"Puppey is next to him, telling him what to do rtz drafting for secret? what do we think?"
"yeah, death sounds like a much more enjoyable alternative! Yeah, I don't get the people who want to live to be 80+ nothing about existence at that age sounds enjoyable."
"MERCHANT IS FRIEND THOUGH, MERCHANT HAS BEST INTERESTS IN MIND. #BTFO CUCK MERCHANT!!!"
"Ah yes, because PLA/ABS and epoxy is definitely aircraft grade Has 3D Printing Gone Too Far?"
Blinky might just have weak wrists He kept exaggerating the recoil like it was a .500 or something.
"Rightfully so, these hedge fund managers are shaping our children into the fine young adults they will become The top 25 hedge fund managers earn more than all kindergarten teachers in U.S. combined"
"But they don't eat more food than anyone else, remember? Following this logic, obese people are taking away food from starving children."
"Sweet, this frees up money for a few more hours of war! Obama defends massive $3 Billion cut in heating aid to the poor"
"""But who will run OBJ for this squad?"" Scrims and league tonight"
"That charger sucks, he doesn't have all damage up gear! I got your back! (Source in comments)"
Just wear your Nintendo Powerglove! How the master race prepares for exams (x-post gaming)
"**FEE MARKET** Yeah, this is the third transaction I've sent this week which has taken a good few hours. It's driving me nuts."
Did you ask him how he felt about Tom Brady making him pay taxes on his new Chevy? Ran into Malcom Butler at the Las Vegas airport. Very humble guy. Even bought my dad breakfast
"no way man im sure they must have been on sale when he bought em, only 250 for a pair of shorts is a steal Dude you spent $325 on a pair of shorts?"
"you know im not a woman but i think giving birth is not painful at all i think the changes are great. tbh i dont play a lot TT but these changes remind me of the very old TT times, when jungling was freaking hard and only warwick or noc could do it properly. seems like u cant just pick an op champ and easily jungle with them. now u have to plan more and play more strategic i guess/hope. i like the changes even tho it doesn't rly affect me. ^^"
PLAYOFFS BABY! Babs goal of getting 6 points every 5 games would give the Leafs 98 points by the season end.
I can't imagine why a bargain like that is still sitting on the shelf! Not even joking.. my walmart is still selling guitar hero for ps2 $45 and $49.88
"Looking in these comments, I can see what a really nice and respectuful community xbox has. The Xbox One controller is so incredibly terrible. This is my personal opinion of the Xbox One controller. I am not in any way hating on the Xbox One. Please, do not get your panties in a twist. Be civil. And for the love of god, please don't hate on the other black boxes that play video games. - The Triggers are too sensitive, and there is no weight behind them. I feel like this is a step back, because the triggers on the Xbox 360 controller were excellent. I felt like I was actually pulling a trigger. Also, I don't like how the triggers are so big and how they go round the side of the controller. - The Bumpers are a complete disaster in so many ways... If you have medium or big hands, pressing the bumpers it's a big No! No! You must cringe your hand in an unnatural way and loosen your gripe to do so. That way also makes the face ABXY buttons hardly accessible if at all. Oh, there are even tutorials on the Internet learning you how to press the Bumpers. A tutorial on how to press a button... ? Something definitely must be wrong... - The D-Pad it's only good for pressing Cardinal directions. Pulling off diagonals or half circle motions are out of the question. - Analog sticks have variable resistors of the worst quality I've ever seen... Those poor quality variable resistors are the culprit for move/aim drifting. - ABXY buttons make a loud clicky noise and have very weak rebound. Good luck with those QTE's that 99.9% of today's games are using. - The XBOne Controller case ergonomic design it's worse than X360's controller. Pressing the Triggers 100% makes the case protrude into your fingers, and accesing the Bumpers it's the most painful process in the history of Gamepads. That's about it."
"Yea because I can tell from your comment history you're such a nonjudgemental and gentle soul If you're into hunting and outdoors stuff, being into camo doesn't make you trashy, It makes you into a hobby. If you post things like this to ridicule people based on that, it doesn't make you cool, it makes you a pretentious asshole."
"Yes, every police officer in the USA is inept and they all want to do harm to the citizenry. Replace them with a competant police force and we won't have to worry about any of this."
"Yet VS now has neither The main lingo is * redeploy: press U key to be taken to a different base * IA: instant action. I key * LA: Light Assault. Flanking class with access to jetpacks * HA: Heavy Assault. Soldier with over shields and rockets * MAX: Mech suit with tons of health and firepower * MBT: Main battle tank. * ESF: Empire specific fighter. The fighter aircraft * Gal: Galaxy: big transport aircraft. Also called skywhales * Sundie: Sunderer. An APC that can deploy into a spawn point * NS: Nanite systems. Common pool * TR,NC,VS: Terran republic, New conglomerate, vanu sovereignty. Also known as red, blue, purple. Or firerate, hard hitting, and mobility/accuracy"
But... but... the unfortunate poor already get all the breaks in life - what makes you think they deserve more? TIL that white college students receive 59% of all grant funding and 65% of private scholarship funding.
"Nice argument you have there dude, if you lack motivation cuz there are no quests, dont play. It is hardcore. For those who still wants to play something as Ultima Online or some. I know ppl that have played UO for 15 years, with no quests. You can pick up items, kill people for it and have the fear of losing stuff. Seriously, go play Tree of Savior. There are only quests and u can't even go where u want on the map."
"Tide goes in, tide goes out. Obviously god exists, otherwise how do you explain all ""this""."
Yeah Goldman Sachs really suffered at the hands of OWS You mean occupy wallstreet that caused alot of looting and vandalizing big businesses. Yeah Hong Kong realize how good they have it.
Bernie had less votes but he should still win! Sanders wins majority of NY counties despite Clinton victory
"Shhh, you're not supposed to tell people about the ""secret agenda"" or that being gay is contagious. Gays trying to recruit the children (or anyone)."
"Pointing out when the government is violating the law, the US Constitution etc, is obviously the act of a traitor right? ...or ruin your life while disregard your whistleblowing, like the NSA has historically done."
"I'm sure Fox covered it thoroughly. The George W. Bush email scandal the media has conveniently forgotten. Back in 2007, the White House ""lost"" more than five million private emails. The story was barely covered."
I bet it will be real hard finding people who are looking for work to replace them... Hardhats vow not to work on controversial mosque near Ground Zero
Must be fake cus Liverpool wouldn't be playing at a cup final! Mario Ballotelli posts new madness on Instagram
"Someone else that I know who works at Gamestop stated they were told to disregard that e-mail, and that the release date should remain uncovered. Someone else that I know who works at a Gamestop stated that they received an email stating that they were indeed supposed to cover the release date. I think catalyst09 has accurate information, or at least what Gamestop THINKS is accurate information, which might be the key here."
Thought people would understand the sarcasm without putting Are you serious? They won the last 4 events without even sweating! No way these guys break up
"Surprised he didn't get shot for ""acting aggressive"". Road rage shut down in 3..2..1"
"That would mean holding women accountable for their actions... And we can't have that, can we? What about a visa check card or something similar issued by the court?.. The non custodial parent makes monthly payments to an account that replenishes funds on the card. The account can then be monitored by an independent 3rd party to preclude any bullshit expenditures."
thats not why he said it or anything Ops blunt smoke looks like a jelly fish
I love responsible flyers that fly in compliance with the FAA rules! Made My First Little Mini-Montage of Laguna Beach and Coronado Island (DJI Phatom 4)
"Captain MURICA! *Very* out of character, but I've gotta admit that I laughed. It reads like an abridged version of Captain America."
"The Oppression of the White man is no laughing matter! Oh man, excellent comeback. This novelty account is going places. And half of the upvotes will be from people who don't get the joke."
"Sol Which God looks the best with Diamond? Which God do you think looks the best with diamond, my per on sale favorite is thanatos."
When I play my fantasy games I sure do enjoy being reminded of real life bands for main themes. Stand by Me by Florence and the Machine plus 2 more FFXV songs to be released by midnight on iTunes and Spotify.
"Shh, don't break our glorious circlejerk. ^^^I ^^^enjoy ^^^listening ^^^to ^^^what ^^^other ^^^people ^^^think ^^^about ^^^Nintendo's ^^^future. ^^^I ^^^find ^^^it ^^^fun ^^^when ^^^people ^^^are ^^^allowed ^^^to ^^^voice ^^^their ^^^own ^^^version ^^^of ^^^what ^^^they ^^^want ^^^Nintendo ^^^to ^^^do."
"Fuck it up by revealing this on her death bed. When my aunt was a kid, her pet budgie died and my grandma told Grandpa to quickly replace it before the kids got home from school. Unfortunately, Grandpa was colour blind and got a blue-and-white one instead of green-and-yellow. When Aunt questioned this, Grandma told her that the bird caught a cold and turned blue. Aunt is 66 now and still genuinely believes that the two birds were the same creature. The entire family is trying to see if we can keep it going for the rest of her life."
"Yeah, when science disagrees with me, I also pull the ""correlation does not mean causation"" card even though I'm not a scientist myself. I'm not a smoker, I dislike the smell, but damn. This ""science"" based on correlation studies needs to stop. How about getting to the bottom of how second-hand smoking _could_ damage memory instead, and then knowing the mechanisms at play, assessing the risk? _Then_ make the statistics study to support the actual science, if you wish."
"I find it really offensive when people don't submit to my ideology. The whole bloody world seems to be going nuts, there is just so much bloody evil, why can't we just live and let flipping live instead of trying to impose our views and ideologies on others!?"
But Happy by Pharell Williams IS a modern day classic! Classic
Gotta make sure muh tax dollars aren't being wasted on anyone lazier than me. Of all things this is what you're concerned with?
"I bet you're a real forward-thinking, progressive, big picture sorta guy. 'Wrestled'? HET have a remit and they get answers. It takes time because they are doing it by the book, the same way the security services operated when seeking convictions of terrorists. How's the interrogation of Marty coming along? Has the future president of the republic revealed much about his main activities yet?"
"Playing on an HDTV... Pshhhh filthy casual ""Super Smash Brothers Mele"" - A man's excitement about finding Melee plays some Adventure mode (found at 15 views)"
"""I like to have low FPS, it looks like I'm playing in slow motion"" DarkSouls 3 ridiculous slow down on Playstation 4"
"Well I mean, what kind of a woman isn't in high heels and a size zero dress by the time her baby is one year old? Why a skirt and high heels?"
"I wouldnt insult him, this kid must of fucked your mom 10 times He looks 11"
"* Oh for sure, they're not to blame, Rockstar is for only having 5 people on the job."
"Isn't assigning negative, subjective social labels onto random people fun? Just substitute youtube for twitter, and misogyny for social justice issues, and now you know how it feels to be labeled a ""SJW""."
"Red is ginger and yellow is strawberry blond, how could this not be more clear? It always bugged me anyway because ginger isn't even red, it's like a pale yellow."
Because surely the 16 yr old kid with the knife is the one in a position to negotiate or compromise. A desire to negotiate and compromise?
it took you 500 graphics cards to upgrade? My 570 is ready.
ITS JUST A PRANK MAN! They are socially unacceptable. It's called battery.
"Good thing he didn't pull out his ID by reaching into his breast or back pocket or else he'd have been shot already. The Associated Press on Twitter: ""Senate's only black GOP member says he's been pulled over, stopped by Capitol Police who questioned identity."""
Blizzard please nerf Malygos mage Yeah... those rank 19 freeze mage matchups... Brutal.
"Kelvin? Fahrenheit? In Canada? i don't think so, bub."
I believe there are a few sub-Reddits you forgot to post in. Prolog? I'm Going To Learn Prolog??
He's letting McBuckets play 48 mins less than Kirk Thibs letting McBuckets play today...CONFIRMED
"Yeah but the problem with this though is that people robbing houses are just going to walk backwards in the house they're robbing. This is true! My parent's neighbor had an intruder inside their home and once the intruder saw that the homeowner was holding a double barrel shotgun he retreated towards the front door. (I have no idea why he didn't go for his original point of entry instead of charging for a door that he doesn't know is locked or not, but the mind of a home invader is something I'll never understand.) Anyway the door was unlocked but as he opened it he was shot in the back and killed almost instantly. The police originally arrested the neighbor for murder because he was shot in the back as he ran, which in Texas can mean that the present threat of danger is no longer there. The state dropped the charges eventually, but I do know that the neighbor had to deal with court and legalities for almost a year after the shooting."
"Ikr, because the problem is the chat, not the people themselves I would support removing the chat, that way people wouldnt spend the entire game typing insults to each other."
"I played 2 minutes with him as Abathur clone, HE IS OP, MARK MY WORDS, BLIZZARD NEEDS TO NERF HIM, PLZ Players will STILL need to spend money/gold to buy him when released. It gives no advantage anyway, and how the hell can he be defined as OP when not even released? I despair."
It's been proven that coin tosses have a liberal bias. No bias here. Don't worry folks
"Steam Sales! TF2 has hit an average player per day count of 60,000 for the month of July - first time this has happened since August 2012"
"nah, that's okay, the same thing happened in bethlehem in 0ad, and nobody wrote about that, so we know it's such a common occurence that it doesn't bear mentioning. Don't forget every first born male in Egypt being struck down by the plagues."
I said it as a joke.... You say that like he's going to play again. Seriously though why haven't the Flyers made any attempt to bring someone else in? Pronger's cap hit doesn't matter since he just goes on LTIR the second it opens up. I feel like every time I see a Flyers trade rumor is has to do with acquiring even more forwards.
It's anti-semitic It's not racist to cancel a show in Israel.
"I assume that's due to your undying love of Philadelphia and has nothing to do with Seattle, right? I really hope you guys win it."
"You could sleep with that guy from reddit in December... 1. I DON'T sleep with that dude on new years 2. I DON'T quit my full time job until November, when my current job began hiring 3. I DON'T sleep with that guy from tinder in July 4. I DO start classes in January so I'm not so behind"
Global Warming What is something most think is real but is really fake?
"I assure you, the rest of it is some high quality analysts That's as far as I got. I'm surprised I even clicked a link with Eddie Lacy in the title."
"Don't forget the awesome UIs they created and trying to patent... So, after one of the weirdest TED presentations in their history, this company throw out unsubstantiated quotes about dangers with VR tech, they make wild promises about their own AR tech, and even wilder videos claiming their tech can achieve miracles - promised to prove all the naysayers wrong with big demonstrations in March.... then rush out a release weeks before the events claiming they had to pull out of the demos due to pressure of development! Now - after one last fanciful video release (claiming to be actual footage) total radio silence! Oh to be a fly on the wall of the Google management meeting - count in seconds how long the guy that inked the $600m deal has in that position at the company!"
Aren't you already in a garbage conference? I'd be thrilled at a minimum of 6 wins each year. But I'd hardly fire the guy for going under that. Unless we wind up in some garbage conference. Then I might want a bit more.
"But Mr X can predict specialists before they're chosen? I know the casters are trying their best and in no way am I hating on them, but what I have come to realize is Maven and Mr. X don't seem to have an exceptional knowledge of the game and I feel they should as casters representing the community. I was watching the Hearthstone event this weekend and the casters have an insane amount of knowledge when it comes to the game. They play it, they analyze it, they know it. Most of the casters are streamers themselves and if they don't stream they still play the game a lot. They predict the plays before the players even make them because they know that is the best play and they even catch misplays that the players themselves make. Now I know Hearthstone isn't CoD but seeing how well the casters did really put things in perspective. They educate the viewers an while casting at the same time and I don't know if Maven and Mr. X do that. And I understand Hearthstone is much slower paced game and gives more time to analyze plays but just seeing how much the casters knew about the game really impressed me. This is why I think we need more casters like Revan (Rambo and Teep come to mind) because they know so much about the game. They have been there before many many times, they absolutely know what the players are thinking and they can analyze these situations on another level that frankly I don't think Mr. X or Maven will ever be able to do. Do Mr. X and Maven bring comedic relief? Sure. Are they great guys? Absolutely. I just think that Teep, Rambo, Revan type casters are what CoD needs. What do you guys think? Am I being too hard on them or do I have some weight with what I said?"
"Wait, you mean like the guy from Super Smash Bros? Pacman. You guys are young."
"Nah, that makes the game too difficult. 5 or 6? Try 1 or 2 lol"
"No no you don't understand, he pulled himself up by his bootstraps and fought for it himself. That's fine, but then you also shouldn't get the pay and benefits that everyone else paid to get. Why should you get all the benefits without paying for what it takes to get them? Republicans complain about freeloaders all the time, but that's exactly what people like you are."
As a doctor this is 100%$ super cereals true So... The walls of my vagina are connected to my pelvic bones with some kind of tendons or something?
"My system don't fail. But not important enough for an alert, when the download fails?"
"Seriously dense like you A solid gold bar in the Bank of England Museum in London. There's a ""challenge"" area where you can stick your hand in a glass box and through some steel bars to see if you can lift the gold. That stuff is seriously dense."
"Yeah, the Wii U is the best platform to play it on. Dragon Age fans get it."
"Calm down Anikin Clearly *you've* never been to the beach. I don't care if she's wrapped in latex and sealed in Tupperware, if you're at the beach, sand *will* find the naughty bits. It's a universal constant, like gravity, and rule 34...."
"Nah, burn the witch The problem with that attitude toward this is that the barefoot Contessa has a history of giving time and resources to charitable causes. This makes it at least plausible that she wasn't just being a ruthless cunt, and merely wasn't informed about the situation. There's still a plausibility. I mean, sure, maybe she really didn't give a shit, but there's something to be said about giving people the benefit of the doubt, especially if they have the history to back it, until a clearer picture is presented of the situation."
Kid with the green backpack is coming out this year! Suposeidly xv is finnaly recording new musif
"you have to understand there were other more important news like Superman vs Batman movie, and Mark Sanchez signing with the Denver Broncos The fact that this hasn't received a ton of media coverage is stunning to me."
"That's just a coincidence Reaper is Gabriel Reyes Confirmed One of the skins in the Origin Edition is ""Black Watch Reyes"" for reaper."
Form over functionality. Aggressive STI
This post is a serious societal issue. ITT: People assuming all girls/guys are the same and one's room is eternally stuck in one state of messiness/cleanliness.
Alcohol for the surviving adults? Any activity ideas for a 2-year old birthday party? I'm drawing blank here.
"Uh....*The Shadow*? Alec Baldwin's best film role, as far as I'm concerned."
"He is just following outrage tempelate, and forgot to edit wat?"
"Yeah sure... Hamas is such a bitch it just made an air strike with drones and stuff on land that is not theirs just to fucking kill civilians who are fighting for their rights From what I have read, it seems Hamas had been shelling Israel actually. I don't have the source, but I'm fairly certain that I've seen multiple articles citing Hamas attacking first. Again, I may have read incorrect information."
BROCK LOBSTAH BABY Watt wont give you SB chances in the next 2-3 years though.
But anyone who notices is just a pie in the sky berni bot who doesnt know how the 'real world' works so its fine. Allegations of voter fraud follow Hillary Clinton campaign across nation
"Jeff Janis If you could immortalize one player from your team's history so they could be on your team forever, who would it be? Personally I would take Polamalu and consider the team set forever."
Filthy hacker ruining global VAC ban incoming
"But you also get the benefit of living in a ""family community"" with no crime or drugs! You drive 15-20 minutes to a non-dry county / city to buy your liquor."
"Well, that definitely seems mature and would definitely encourage your EU brothers to help out. Greece now takes in more refugees/economic migrants than any other European country. If Greece is kicked out why not let all those people move on to the rest of Europe? Do something similar to what Castro did with the Mariel Boatlift- where he unloaded over 100,000 people the Cuban government considered undesirable (many with mental issues or criminal records) on the US."
"Shhh, don't you know that racism is dead and it is all Al Sharpton's fault? No one has ""turned"" policy brutality into a race issue. It *is* a race issue if *anything* is. Pretending otherwise is a distortion that does not help the situation."
"In Australia hen refers to a female chicken, but what ever the Scottish do in their bedrooms is their business In Scotland hen means girl."
hit detection is top notch in this game ... FUCK.
"No the Israelis blackmail the United States Government so they can use white phosphorus cluster bombs against babies in the West Bank... They don't actually rely on that aid whatsoever. It's all military/technology expenditures. The US government gives cash to Israel, which then buys military hardware from US defense contractors. They don't mind the free weapons, but it's not like their economy depends on US aid at all. It's more of a freebie for Boeing et al., than anything else."
"""You're uninvited to my birthday party!"" Oh, you noticed my copypasta? Let's act like a toddler."
"Oh crap.. the republican party figured out how to steal a 'young' voter. Kim Davis says she is leaving Democratic party: cites lack of party support. Bye, Felicia"
This problem is intuitively obvious to the casual observer but it is left as an exercise to the reader. 150-year-old math problem solved
Yeah....he's great I think Mark Clattenburg is a decent ref. No wonder he is assigned to most major matches these days.
Trump is on our side this year! And the giants still somehow win it
"Sana matulungan sila ni Win Gatchalian. nakaka awa naman ang mga taga Venezuela, walang makain tas sobrang anarchy na. :(("
What we need is more laws against child abuse. Ex-youth leader at Colonial Heights church sentenced to 25 years for abusing 7 boys
"Sculpted is totally Drumstep I present to you: The Monstercat Release Catalog. Based on Hydra's old release catalog, free to edit for all!"
"Yep, video games are the cause...not ignoring the warning signs of mentally unstable person with access to firearms being ignored. Nope, the argument still appears every now and again, particularly when somebody with mental health issues shoots up a place."
"How horrible of you not let their little misbehaved shits accost your dogs? I take my dogs for walks in parks. Little kids like to come try to pet them. My girls don't like being accosted by grubby-pawed hellspawn. And their parents, if they're even paying attention, have the audacity to get upset with me when I let my girls defend themselves."
She works in an industry that objectifies women so she doesn't count. Nina Hartley?
Shit now I can only play two rounds of League on SecondSaturday morning while the kids are out... The Church Changing to 2 Hour Sundays? Lots of rumors about 2 hour blocks being tested out instead of the traditional 3 hours. Is this coming out at next conference or is it just a rumor? It would help slightly with their attendance and retention rates.
"Relevant flair kobe is excellent, i just like jatt a slight bit more."
And because Jews ate not racist at all... Yes. This fucking guy really pisses me off. As if tribal loyalty is not a thing in Africa. As if they aren't killing each other over there all the time because of it. White people did invent just about everything. I can see where that might be confusing to the little bastard.
Thank god I partnered with a company in Belgium to buy 400 Air BnB properties in East Nash... CHA-CHING! Nashville: Get Ready For Some Tourists in 2017
"Oh come on dude, those anti-drug commercials are totally accurate. you've never smoked weed have you."
"He should get it graded, then it will be worth at least $10,000 I know this is a rare game, but damn really?"
"must jam like a beast. This is what a $1.38 kendama from eBay looks like. (next to my regular, but still cheap-o 'dama for scale)"
Please let that be Particularly annoying when I'm making mix tapes
"Come on, don't you want to say yes to the ~~dress~~ *candidate*? I Absolutely do this inasmuch as I have heard Absolutely nothing from any republican in recent decades to make me think I would ever want to vote for one."
"We're all from the Europes, like one big happy family. Why is no one saying what country they are from here?"
"Wow, what great disses you have. I don't recall asking for your opinion, shiteyes."
Well that just sounds like the most horrible thing ever. The Rift is not Oculus store only. He is talking about the checkbox you check in settings to allow you to sideload content.
No dude he's stuck in bronze because he mained Yasuo Or classic player stuck in bronze.
"Nah guys bitcoin is dead, it never recovered after 2014. ...To the Front Page!"
"If only they released the NSX within 12 years of unveiling it On a side note, Honda just got FAA certification on the HondaJet. It's been 12 years since the proof-of-concept's first flight."
"Someone wants me to translate it for Non-Swedish speakers? Fallout 1, Swedish manual sample, bork bork bork!"
"It's ok the bear works for planned parenthood part time. The bear incident is surprising... It's been a pretty good year for wildlife, so I think this particular bear was either just being super opportunistic, OR IT'S ACTUALLY the beginnings of a zombie apocalypse in Aspen."
"Believe it or not, being a chess master doesn't pay well. TIL Chess Masters and Grand Masters often supplement their incomes by teaching via Skype."
But then the relationship won't be 'real.' Being in a long term relationship and *not* getting married. Seriously. Put that useless engagement ring and wedding money into a house.
"Because, as we've learned throughout the decades of this war on drugs, increasing penalties decreases use. Louisiana Lawmakers Want to Increase Mandatory Minimums for Heroin Possession Because incarcerating people is just what Louisiana does. (Title of article, glad to see how we are viewed.)"
"Yes, pulled pork pancakes sound horrible. Le Do, Garden and Hastings. next to red wagon. its where i go while suckers wait in line for pulled pork pancakes. 2 legit to quit. except when its closed on wednesday."
"Reagan was a RINO. This sort of describes my thoughts on it as well. They just shifted to ridiculous ends on the right. Even by today's standards the Tea Party ""hero"" Reagan if viewed for everything he was would be called a RINO"
But every despicable thing a human being does can obviously be explained by whatever political candidate they choose! Right? I'm more than positive the two fucks who assassinated the Dallas and Louisiana cops were Hillary supporters... that fact has nothing to do with this incident.
"Didn't know ""shitters"" was anyone who doesn't play 2+ hours every day the people that think 1500 certs is steep are shitters and don't deserve it and the people that don't care about certs and aren't shitters won't use it because why the fuck would i ever use that"
OpTic? TSM CS:GO Team Update
"For Hooligans Magazine Friendly Hamsters Monthly, brad."
Pop obviously sucks at making halftime adjustments Can someone explain something to me? what in the FUCK happens to us every single 3rd quarter????
"guys, listen to this guy, his uncle works for valve so he knows all their inner workings and greedy ways. Valve is about making money, and only 10% about making games. They spend all their developers' creativity and time on making models and systems for microtransactions for most short-term profit, and leaving the actual game to rot, more or less. I don't know ""todays"" business model of choice, but I'm thinking it's short-term profit over anything else, since Valve is not alone in this horrible, shallow shit of what the gaming industry is becoming. Long live the old days, where the passion for making something good really showed in the games. /rant"
"Excuse me I was with my family, I'd appreciate an NSFW tag Moved to a bigger rig - Phanteks and GTX 1080"
"Welp, looks like now everyone is gonna be ESP cunts... Hahaha! I'm a gamma cunt but also happy with the change. It adds immersion, and realism. I was gamma cunt because if not, you get killed by other gamma cunts. Still we will be sitting ducks for ESP cunts, but thats another topic."
"This is so cringe dude. It's not even awkward. People here are so distant from reality that they have to overuse words like ""cringe"" for situations they rarely encounter because they sit in their basement all day."
Why would I tell my doctor I have amohetamines? *Amphetamines.
Yep.. Bitcoins and drugs. Oregon's marijuana legalization campaign accepting Bitcoin donations
"confirmed GSP vs Mark Hunt UFC 200 Report: Georges St-Pierre Training Full-Time For Potential Return, Doesn't Want Conor McGregor Fight"
And people want a woman for president. How to properly escalate a situation quickly
"Probably Also, grow bigger hands you beta freak Am I the only guy that doesn't like tits that are so big that I can't even get my hands around them?"
"yes i am sure that this will completely end the black market for shark fins and they will continue to follow international protocol and stop this horrible practice and trade In China, victory for wildlife conservation as citizens persuaded to give up shark fin soup"
"I'm so sad I didn't take advantage of getting a pool game, because playing video game pool has to be so much fun! It is a step down from the two or three months we had pool nation fx for free, but you can't win them all..."
Yeah much better to blast it out the speakers for all to hear... I can't tell if you're talking to me or OP. The lesson to be learned here is to not watch porn with headphones.
"Having a meaning in life is for lazy poor people who just don't want to pull up their bootstraps and go into le STEM. Just make sure that when you get home you don't turn on the tv, watch any movies, read any books or play any video games. Study your botany instead, entertainment and culture's clearly for losers."
Hey just plug in a mouse Gnome is pretty much the only DE on debian that would be good for a tablet
I can't imagine why polluting the Earth or fucking without a condom would cause disease. Can Karma Cause Disease?
"AC Milan ... Which club do you suspect has the most ""fans"" that would switch allegiance if that club fell 2 or 3 spaces in ranking?"
"Yeah, we need to try to convince people not to visit places that have different views from us because diversity! It's not about whether it's safe or not, it's about making a statement and warning people that they're going to a place where people vote in bigoted leaders who pass bigoted laws."
"TIL there exists people that publish about that which they are ignorant of... TIL when Robert Goddard,scientist who created the first liquid fueled rocket,published his work in 1919, he was ridiculed for his belief man could reach the moon.The New York Times even mocked his understanding of basic physics.They later published a correction the day after the launch of Apollo 11"
Sounds like the kind of guy who would take plays off I can't wait for him to meet dejaveon Downey.
A fucking Pelle Pelle I always fucking wanted one leaks all day
"He said November 5th, not May 11th! Afaik you play games for 24 hours on 5/11"
"That's because it's natural chub that will always be there no matter what, not *gained* weight! Calls it chub rub yet says weight isn't causing it. The delusion is strong here."
"What's wrong with being black or white, huh? If you want a watch with a awesome battery life, the original pebble watch has a 7 day span. The only downside is that the screen is black and white."
"but muh world champion and best adc fantasy Because Piglet is overrated, and they didn't see it until it was too late."
"Wow you are 16 you have no rights wow seriously stop you are triggering me. Well ""ma'am"" I'm sorry I mistook your reading for something else, it's not exactly easy to tell it over the Internet"
"It's amazing how horribly inefficient the mail becomes when receiving bills or mailing out payments or supporting documentation. It's worse whenever you tell them you need to send in another letter.. ""NO I'm not going to waste more of MY time because YOU haven't received my letter."" Okay well then your request won't get worked on and you can continue living your miserable life away from me."
"Because you're expected to memorize songs by artists you don't like, right? I'll bet none of them could name one song off Dropout"
"Watch out, the reminders might blitzkrieg this sub, filthy Schweinhund This was not a friendly reminder. I'm triggered now. Wtf."
"good idea, wowpresents had a lot of great ideas with webseries lately Untucked RuPaul's Drag Race Premiering Exclusively on YouTube"
"Gotta think of those stuck using a 8 MB sd card. I think it's better that AuReiNand includes the bootloader. ""do one thing and do it well"" is a silly concept if you can do many things well. AuReiNand does tons of things very well. Who's complaining about ARN patching AGB_FIRM? How about forcing full clock speed? Does anyone want a special tool to play out of region games? As for bloat, you're insane if you thing adding a few kb changes anything. A save backup for Pokemon is much larger than the current release of ARN."
Interesting choice of fruit... You racist jerk. Americans often don't understand that their worldview and cultural stereotypes are only applicable to their own country (or usually part of their country). Australians have different viewpoints on quite a few matters. A watermelon is just a watermelon.
"Deagle OP confirmed I decided to test which pistols draw and fire the fastest, this was my results"
"Oh yes, because asking them politely will get you absolutely nowhere. People like this upset me"
"Lets pass one to stop them driving cars too, in fact let's hamstring our children with bullshit laws based on fraudulent figures in every way possible. Forget helmets, I'm of the mindset that if we don't have a law on the books already we need to push through legislation to keep kids from driving motorcycles"
"It's not lesser hardware, it's a console and consoles are clearly made for gaming so therefore it's 10x better I'd probably act all sarcastic. Act all amazed that they could make the game look better with lesser hardware, ask them how the magic works and whether the PS4 can make unicorns and rainbows."
Forgot your This same cop will be caught beating a black guy three months...tops.
"wow ruined my money making method Quick, everyone poison your Runite Bolts!"
But unless it's 100% certain then we must make sure both viewpoints are given equal standing and representation (the same as evolution/creationism) 99.999% certainty humans are driving global warming: new CSIRO study
I think you just gave it to yourself there. I'm trying to figure out how to give gold honestly
"THANKS OBAMA No, it's made me more irritated by it"
"Nope, Hillary had mercenaries put guns to the heads of 40% of the GOP primary voters. Yup, they can't say they didn't have options; them choosing the least qualified and most horrendous of the bunch is squarely on them."
The Pentagon will love this logic. Fox News wonders whether we should cancel food stamps because 0.09% of spending is fraudulent
"I think they meant ""State Police"" It just bothers me that #4 has no explanation at all."
The CIA would *never* frame an innocent man... Sweden: It may have been the CIA trapping Assange after all
"[Even if he is now a demon, according to the Nighthold cinematic that was datamined, Illidan seems to consume Gul'dan (and presumably his soul since it's what demon hunters do)] Is Gul'Dan actually dead or does he have the soul of a demon?"
Wow bro Bm is real saying GG before u knew u were going to win not cool toxic mute emotes pls Overcoming the odds ... Replay inside !
"Ban the m8, too good imo Hope they only ban the things that NEED to be banned. Don't start banning things just cause they are annoying."
Knuckles. And?....
It's okay because it's a good fit for them and they find therapy to be silly That thread made me rage a little bit.
So what does that have to do with religion? Because Christmas. And also Saint Nicholas.
"We're a big country mate My favourite part is how NZ attempted fttn and realised it was a waste of fucking time. Too bad Australia couldn't take a lesson. They're also way ahead of of us with animal rights, drug policies and same sex marriage (otherwise known as 'marriage' to those who aren't irrational bigots)."
"It's ok, he put it in neutral. AWD car being towed on two wheels with a standard tow truck. Should definitely be on a flatbed."
i always love it when a stranger calls me a slut hey slut
Smirnoff and orange fanta is totally great. What combination of soda/alcoholic drinks is delicious that you think not many people know of? Any combination is welcome
So i guess no one here dislikes haggy then You can't dislike someone without knowing/meeting them first imo
They're all enemies Yeah but it has to be an enemy's horse. It can't just be any horse.
"How does this excuse work when it clearly didn't for McSorely? Do you think he was thinking, ""We really need to win this game...but fuck it, I'll purposely take a high sticking penalty""? He was probably trying to give him a bit of a shot in the chest and accidentally went high."
"But profit is evil. I mean, it's a for-profit company. They'd be fools not to, right?"
"Satan helped him to tempt him off the righteous path. If God doesn't approve of it, why would he give you the help you needed to come this far? See how well that works out, not sure if you're religious but it might be enough to counter them."
"That's why I welcome our new Chinese Overlords Signing him is definitely going to cost a lot. I'm not going to lie,a Matip-Van Dijk partnership is my fantasy."
hitler. I'm curious which dead person are you not allowed to mock?
"Obviously, if you car was made before 1989 you aren't a ""true"" enthusiast so not having that does not make you an enthusiast?..."
"The free market is perfect. Thats not the only reason tho. A lot of people invested a lot of money into older reactors and plants. They literally cost a shitton of money to build so the invsetor wants his money in return + a lot of profit. But that wouldnt work out if the people started building newer reactors every few years because they're more efficient and cleaner so you end up with lobbying, bribery and all that stuff. Also these investors are in big parts responsible for the negative press for say nuclear reactors because they cant stand competition."
"Please, not being white is the only way not to be a racist. Obsessing over everyone's race is the only proper way to not be a racist. Duh."
"B-b-but if you don't do SL 5x5 your muscle mass will actually *decrease*. fork putdowns. srsly though, calories in &lt; calories out + consistency = better shape. running is good. weights is good. do them both. don't over complicate things."
"Fancy cars could implement a set of optional subroutines like ""prefer killing me instead of my child"" how would the passenger feel if the road jumper was the passenger's child? I think the passenger would be mentally destroyed up for a long time."
"I agree, Coco Palm is a very nice place. I know where Toph is staying"
Better to die free than to live in a cage RIP Nemo
"Or I haven't been this excited since Titanic came out in theatres! What kind of reply was he expecting? ""NO GO AHEAD AND SEND ME A VIDEO OF YOU JERKING OFF IT'S TOTALLY OKAY."""
"I guess you're a Christophobe then. I have Christian friends and family too, but I have some issues with their ideology, depending on how reactionary they are."
"Sorry, forgot I'm sorry, UF D isn't as good as everyone thought? UF D who forced 4 interceptions out of Jameis, and held the vaunted FSU offense to 17 points? Did you even watch the game?"
"Al Gore likes it and he *invented* the internet! Creator Of Netscape Praises Bitcoin, Compares It To The Invention Of PCs And The Internet"
"There's an NL? I totally agree. I know a lot about the Yankees , a good amount about the rest of the AL East and the Mets, a bit about the rest of the AL, and next to nothing about the NL."
Thanks for making me feel like I've achieved something as a new player *thumbs up* I perfect the arena everyday once you know how the ai plays it's way from there
So glad they're only nerfing the turret damage on console and not changing anything else that is totally not broken with his kit. Plz increase the lock-on time for Torbjorn turrets
Because women do not rape. So why is it assumed that the woman was raped? If they are both drunk did she not rape him as well?
"C'mon guys, 18 comments and 1 upvote? Guys Fill Pool With 10,000,000 Orbeez (Not Shitty Youtube Channel)"
Still going to hell though You dodged a bullet right there!
I'm really sure the Republican Senate and House are going to hold inquiries as soon as possible... FBI director under pressure to explain Clinton bombshell
People who voted for Trump don't know what menop- EW GROSS I DONT WANT TO HEAR ABOUT THAT People who voted for Trump don't know what menopause is.
clearly this causes far less pollution. The ruckus around pipelines has some oil companies turning to shipping crude by rail
He said exclusive didn't he? Did you know only 2 regions are eligible to compete in the RLCS?
Probably part of the same Longhorn group that got Briles fired. They probably work for Texas...
"Just like if you're a bicyclist, unless you're wearing a skin tight outfit it means you're an amateur. so you stand around in your climbing shoes at the crag?"
"according to this author, nurses aren't but firefighters are, so they have more privilege to carry a gun :) Pretty rude to call non-LE/Para/Mil non-sheepdogs. I'm a nurse and being a 'sheepdog' is mentality. Those other guys just have more opportunity."
"yea man, they should rather finally give us some Tyrande or Illidan skins! Another Arthas skin? Hes about to have more skins than there are heroes in the game."
"but dude its totally a woman's choice and stuff how dare you be such a misogynist etcetc I never really noticed this as a red flag at the time, but I still hear the echos of the words years after the relationship ended. Almost like my subconscious was yelling it at the time, which I ignored or didn't notice and now, it's mocking me. And the words were, ""I've never been single."""
"TIL fashion should always stay the same. Men , what happened ?!"
"Except for clinton who obviously got rich by eating babies More along the lines of ""They're rich, so they must be doing something right."""
"Woah, never seen this post before.. Suggestion - Remove Casual and make 64 tick as Unranked MM(5v5) and 128 tick as Ranked."
Yeah fuck being progressive Being a liberal.
"Now if a protoss QQ's about other races' units, call their argument invalid because they can get the units too! You guys, I finally get it! Protoss can tech steal again! Rejoice!"
"Yes, it's clearly the misty eyed do gooders who are at fault here. Peter Dutton criticises advocates after refugees set themselves on fire on Nauru"
"Uhh no, as an MG I can confirm that Lex is actually Silver 1 and I should be playing at pro level instead As much as everyone seems to hate on Lex, he's still higher rank than 90% of people saying he's trash, there's a reason he's playing at this level instead of you lol"
"All you damn apostates are infecting the good and faithful saints of Utah County with your anti-mormon lies and Satan-inspired venom. Just took the family to see Zootopia at the Provo Cinemark 16, it was SOLD OUT on Fast Sunday afternoon. Three years ago we would have had the theater to ourselves. That is all. Times are changing in Utah Valley."
"Koalas aren't bears, someone need to message the mods about taking this post down! Turn your baby into a bear here!"
"Flunitrazolam, maybe some carfentanil might help you out what are the best and strongest sleeping pills, legal or illegal? I have tried valerian in the past and it is the most useless substance I have probably ever taken and I have felt absolutely nothing even on higher than normal doses. I need something that will put me to sleep quickly and for a long plane flight (9 hours or so) - I have the means to get any substance I want but it's all a matter of which substance is the best for this purpose. any ideas? thanks a lot"
"What, You don't like his sexist remarks towards female talent? Would have preferred Taz to have got the boot honestly."
"You must not have heard- it has enough extra screen to display an additional row of apps. Its hard to see what is technically innovative about the iPhone 5, i thought it was much the same story as the iPhone 4?"
"Yeah, that worked really well in China. I think we should just limit every family to have 1 child only, give it 70 years and world population will drop to 2 billion everyone will be happy."
Glad my fuel dollars aren't just funding extremism Mecca at night.
Aaaand this is why so many people want to kill them. The lady who thinks Monster is the work of SATAN in a mosque.
Fix it in post How do movies shoot people looking into mirrors without getting the cameraman in the shot?
"It's called being original... where's your sense of creativity op. OK Kuro brand, you can't do that."
"No but.. maybe the directors cut should ;) So you're telling me that a young girl (she's 19 in the movie) on a dangerous, wasteland planet, working as an almost slave scavenger should wear revealing clothing and act very feminine? I don't think you understood the movie at all."
This made me wtf so hard. oh oprah
"A friend I played with a bunch used to think that Kayle was a man because anyone in a full suit of armor is definitely a dude. I love Leo and Kayle, never occurred to me that they were very modest. They are very kickass female champs."
Because we're not good like Barca/Real/Bayern/PSG/any BPL team Why do these cunts get paid to not pronounce the names of our players correctly?
"Men automatically consent to all sexual attention/activity, and such attention/activity on the part of any woman is a gift which much be accepted and treasured. If they already have a women only night, there is no reason they should not have a mens night should the request be raised, as it has, simply supporting the request would help it. And for what it's worth there are a lot of men who are self conscious when working out around women, the obesity epidemic was an interesting point to bring up, considering a lot of guys are overweight if could cause them to be more self-conscious, having a mens only night may give a group of these people more comfortable. Also just cos it ticked me off a bit... ""Girls check out guys at the gym, you should want them there!"" ... funny how that argument does work the other way around isn't it? The countless amount of times i've heard the argument of girls having to have a ladies night at gyms BECAUSE 'perverts' are always ogling them at the gym? But the other way around, and guys are meant to be honored to have a girl ogle them at the gym..."
"Europe is all the same anyway Wait where are you, London or Ontario?"
That's the power of German engineering! 1.7 million Japanese too much for thousands of crematoria. A few dozen German crematoria burned 6 million Jews in 4 years.
"Everyone knows alcohol damage takes more than 6 months to occur, not 5 Rubbing Alcohol on Samsung Galaxy S6. 5 months ago, I put some rubbing alcohol on my home button; I did it about 3 times. I rubbed the rubbing alcohol with my finger. I think some rubbing alcohol might have went into the home button internals. The home button and fingerprint scanner works as if now. Will the home button and/or fingerprint scanner be affected in the future?"
The suspect obviously saw the officer's finger gun and feared for his life which is why he drew his gun. Beautiful draw on the finger gun too.
They were at least protected by the snow fencing.... I am still confused why people decide to stand on the outsides of corners where the drivers are most likely to wreck.
"Nope, it is an act of God. I don't understand why people keep denying the undeniable. If your doc tells you that you are about to give birth, insisting on never having sex and being a virgin is quite pointless."
"what if he just wants someone rich to get so fed up with him that they pay for him to go to space; and that's what he wanted all along Rapper B.o.B thinks the Earth is flat, has photographs to prove it"
Those guys are never wrong! Live Chat: SP3 Pre-Order Delivery on June 26th
"Scrub didn't even try for the 5x5. Kawhi records an absurd 18-8-4-5-6 stat line Against the Nuggets 18 points (6-14 from the field), 8 rebounds (2 offensive, 6 defensive), 4 assists, 5 steals, **6 blocks**, 1 turnover"
"Yeah...2008 and 2009 they were SHITTY...averaging 52 wins a year with him as their best player lol. do you remember chris paul's hornets teams? he was by far the best PG in the league and he could barely get them in the playoffs, only for them to lose round one. PGs can't carry a team like other positions can, i don't think you know what you're talking about whatsoever"
"How dare you speak your opinion. Wait, people here hate Kairosoft? Pocket League Story 2 is by far the best Android game I've played."
"Man I can get on board with ""if I hear a child crying, your tits better be out"" I agree. I can't imagine who would be in favor of letting a kid be hungry so they don't see boob. How can someone hear a kid cry in hunger and not care? And least with breastfeeding they can look away but a screaming kid is a lot harder to avoid."
"It's not like they can break anything, or get hurt running into stuff... it's as safe as a pile of pillows! If it's any consolation, I would have totally made the same assumption as you, I didn't know bringing kids to museums to avoid looking after them was a thing."
Are you Bruce Wayne? My aunt would hate me if she ever knew...
"Its funny because pot Was pretty stoned last night, I wonder why I didn't get up on time"
Yes that proves LS is not shit! SHC went from relegations to top3 team while LS coached...
"But his glasses break, his vision's gotta get worse. I agree, every time I pop the ult I'm practically guessing where they go after I hit them once. I could be so much more effective with it if I had a better view of whats going on."
Yes! Obviously what we need here is more migrants. Right guys?
"bro but he has headphones, better copy-paste for insta-karma right ? Not headphone related at all."
That kiss was bad and you should feel bad It was great . . . for 30 seconds
"Yeah, game will be so much better during the event. How do you calm down a horde of crying kids? Give them candy Wp with that halloween event niantic"
"When it comes to equality, just remember that women are more *equal* than men ;) Objectification much? So I was browsing Facebook and mind you, I ALWAYS see shit like this. I know we all do because it's commonplace. But this one really got me. This pretty much epitomizes how women view themselves and men in one simple post. ""I spoiled myself a little too much today shopping...I seriously need a boyfriend to hand all my bags over to so I don't look like a weakling struggling all through the mall *laugh/cry emoji*"" Want to talk about objectification? I've never once seen a woman ever post ""I want a man I can spoil, who I can kiss and love and make feel like a king, who I can buy nice things for, who I can hold the door for, who I can buy dinner for."" Etc. It's always ""I WANT A MAN WHO WILL: previous statements + FOR ME!"" But you know, fuck gender rolls except the ones where women get these things they want and guys shouldn't have nice things done for them because they're the men. They should provide. FUCK YOU BITCHES!"
"Because Holder is going to direct the DOJ to have very serious investigations into those issues. I'd say the DOJ has more important shit to worry about at the moment, like the IRS, the Fast'n'Furious scandal, Solyndra, etc... than this petty race-baiting shit."
"But... That's what photos on Facebook are for! Let me translate for you ""unless their delivered, they don't count "" actually means. "" unless Co workers, friends, or family SEE me getting flowers, they don't count """
"Putin is master spy KGB agent that is secretly outmanuvering all of us with his trickery, always 1 step ahead of us You're right! How did we miss this?!"
"There's no girls on the internet silly. In my post above I am less so. Edit : besides, how did you know I was a he?"
"Yeah, fuck your fps! don't allow what? Low graphics settings?"
"I'm sure Milo could come, because as we all know he's a true gamer. At the same time, he was the only person with experience in gaming journalism on a panel about gaming journalism."
Forgot the Corbyn is not honest.
"but... but... you could get TOTS Kroos and quicksell the rest of the pack and finish ahead... TOTS and 100k packs A TOTS Kroos is A TOTS Kroos but a 100k pack could be anything... It could even be A TOTS Kroos! Don't be stupid, with all the 100k packs being opened the TOTS prices have dropped an insane amount. Just bought a TOTS Kroos for 102k and going to let the 100k pack run out. Unless you are looking for one of the top TOTS like Reus or Robbin please don't bother."
Couldnt shut it down because he had to host the all-star game. Moron
"Well, the antenna is shorter than 16"", so it's legally a 'pistol' until you shoulder the stock, at which point it becomes manufacture of an SBR Any idea of NFA status?"
"Misgendering is the worst than gas chambers. Hey, I'm going to misgender you. I want you to suffer. Feel pain. Open a patreon because misgendering you is so damn harmful to you. You should be catatonic in a coffin from how awful me calling you a she/he/pheephee depending on whatever you are because harmfulness!"
"Fucking colonials. You Brit. Month/Day/Year. Because just like metric system, going lowest to highest would actually make sense, which we just can't have."
"If you wanted an award Mike, you don't have to wait til the end of the season. Could we have like an ""year-end award"" kind of deal when the season is over? I've seen a ton of really good comments, posts etc. I think that they should be recognized. Maybe like comment of the year, post of the year, etc. Have two official threads for post of the year, and comment of the year and then the community simply up votes whoever they believe was the best, winner can maybe get gilded or something?"
"EH MOOSE PAL U WANNA TREAD THROUGH 54 FEET OF SNOW TO GET TO TIM HORTONS EH? Non-Canadians of reddit, what do you think of us Canadians?"
"So we kill him because of racism and kin liability? Not at all. Not only is he part of the Black Dragonflight, he's the son of Deathwing. He's pure evil and would probably destroy the planet if he got the chance."
"and they wouldn't let us poor bronzies have this why? His ulti made enemy turrets useless for the rest of the game. There was more than that, but that one was the most problematic one."
"She works for the ABC, of course she's a lefty. What makes you think Annabel Crabb is a lefty?"
"Ford Ranger? Seen on TARS bumper: ""My other car is a Ranger."""
"Well obviously they weren't allowed to use military force against the moderators, but when they start talks with Putin they'll put soldiers on the Russian border and persuade him to bow to them. How can they handle the Russians when they can't even handle hard questions from CNBC moderators and have to whine about getting asked serious questions? LOL...."
"Building up that waiver-wire trade value Over his last 10 games, Mark Teixeira is hitting .290/.421/.548 with 2 bombs. Fuck yea, Tex."
"Like many politicians! Anti Christ is believed to be a bad dude, yes, but incredibly beautiful and likeable. Not many would follow an obviously evil sinful person."
"People want other people to be tolerant of them, and are not tolerant themselves... Makes total sense. Call me an idiot, but why is it ok for people to put up things like ""we came here to get away from you"" and over all just pile negativity on one group of people? I don't fit in with the ""dudebros"" or ""woo girls"" at all, but in the end they are people as well and not all of them are out beating up gay people on the hill. I don't understand why it's tolerable to say ""we don't want you in our neighborhood, get out"". And before I get a bunch of hatemail - I don't really want Cap Hill to change because it was a cool neighborhood, but you can't stop change."
"What a reliable and unbiased piece of journalism Liberal Teacher Takes In Muslim Refugee, His Colleague Finds What's Left Of Him"
"BUT THANK GOD WE'VE STOPPED ALL THOSE REFUGEES FROM COMING IN! US Intel: ISIS May Have Passport Printing Machine, Blank Passports"
"...and don't forget to pray. You need to calm down. Calm down and live, love, laugh. Also, dance like no one is watching."
Yes because rules can never change Not according to Valve it isn't
"Um... [the people used the cigarettes to prevent stress, eliminating suicides?] Smoking A scientist was doing research on the health consequences of smoking. He looked at the average age of death in different countries and compared it to the popularity of smoking. To his surprise, the countries where smoking was popular had people clearly living significantly longer. He checked his numbers again and again but couldn't find the mistake. How do you explain this finding?"
"Yeah, it's not like they got paid big $$$ for him TSM poaching from challenger teams going unpunished"
"I'm proud to be an American American justice: HSBC launders billions, no jail time. Charlie sells bitcoin to a SR launderer, 2 years. Words cannot express the sadness and outrage I'm feeling right now. Banks such as HSBC are found guilty of laundering billions of dollars not just for drug users but for violent crime cartels. Billions. Violent crime. And yet not a single exec faces a day of jail time. Charlie Shrem, who sold Bitcoins to someone who helped people buy drugs on Silk Road, has now been sentenced to two years in jail. If there was any doubt that we are struggling against an immoral system in dire need of replacement, let this end that doubt. Charlie, our hearts and minds are with you, friend. The work continues."
You can't hate a gay character or your oppressing all gays. I've always liked Cortez. I don't know if anyone dislikes him or if he just gets ignored because he can't go on missions.
"Wow, that's funny! E"
Nonexistant How would you describe the person that took your virginity?
So do we sign him? Calvin Johnson Retires
Lol u wild wyd tho I need to find a guy from NY to have kids with just so I can get those baby timbs! Lol
"But....I *just* got the E4s! Naked and Famous Elephant 5, 20oz slubby goodness"
"Obama and Hilary are destroying this country! And more than a few of those states are getting worse every year. But, it's Obama and the Democrats' fault, right?"
"The sky is falling! Wiggins has been an absolute joke on both ends tonight - terrible season from him so far, regressed in just about every area. And KMart must be the only player to put up 37 points and still look like a net negative."
"It is almost like a god doesn't exist. The problem of evil was definitely the last nail in the coffin for me. ""Mysterious ways"" was a terrible non-answer."
"Nah man we don't, please elaborate Man, I'd like to fill her full of sperm.......if you know what I mean *wink*"
"Because owning a gun is a privilege like driving. People Should Be Required to Carry a Pink Slip With Their Guns. If They Don't Have their Slip, the Cops Should Seize it"
"None, that's why they're playing on console and not PC. If there is aim assist what skill is there involved?"
"But it's Hillary's turn! If the DNC had nominated ANYONE ELSE, we wouldn't have to worry about a Trump presidency."
"It's because they're squatting... Yeah, but he's from a third-world country, they're too dumb for stuff like this!"
"Obviously god was just giving the child a second chance, praise god and his mercy Atheist's child recovers from illness without prayer"
"Maybe they were stalking him! All of these calls in just over 3 hours, from 4:15 to 7:25. Hmmm."
"No, feces. A piece of...the hall pass? Right?"
"Why say hi if you can start role playing right away, amirite? I met this guy a few years ago through some mutual friends. I have spoken to him once, in 2014. Received this gem yesterday."
Yeah it sounds really grueling Flipping burgers isn't the luxurious sit back job you make it out to be. It does require training and a food handler's card as well as many many hours without sitting.
"The cops will see the donuts and think, ""my god they're right, we're donut eating assholes, I shall hand in my badge right away and join this noble cause!"" Like I said the *last time* this was posted, what possible good can come from deliberately provoking the police?"
I'm sure those repo guys from that show would totally be able to repo from a US carrier! Alternate Title: **UP NEXT ON *EXTREME-REPO*:Hostile Takeover**
Cause Swain was so strong not even Mortal Reminder could hold him down Swain nerf why?
Shout out to to a fellow #NOVEMBERBOYS What about my November date? Does anyone know if it'll be moved up??
"Racism is now all right according to the Constitution Washington Redskins regain right to trademark name as Federal Circuit Court finds federal ban on ""disparaging"" trademark registrations unconstitutional"
Because it'd be stupid Like you ***Why not? =)***
I wonder if those hookers are clean? DETROIT HOOD AT NIGHT.
"Talk to Girls...Who has confidence for that? Has bodybuilding made you more picky when looking at females? I remember back in high school I was a little chubby and girls back then I viewed really hot are now (3 years later) very just average looking and I set my standards up looking for a ""swolemate"". Anyone else experience this?"
It is about time that feminists embrace the natural position of women in society. If attending an event like that is the political championing of feminism I think it's safe to say that word has changed from the dictionary definition.
"Don't forget the ouya! And Wii U, 3DS, PS3 and Xbox 360"
definitely with that crosshair.. I am definitely going to be on OverWatch.
Can a bakery refuse to bake a cake for the coal companies ? World's largest PR firm decides to stop working for coal companies and climate change deniers
"""Morgan and Shelby's friendship is superficial"" Yep nailed that one Big Brother Over the Top - Post-Season Discussion - December 02 2016 It's over! It's finally over! **Morgan Willet** won over Jason Roy. Kryssie Ridolfi was evicted in third place. Let's talk about BBOTT."
"K. Love to Portland confirmed Players joining their home town teams? So I've been casually looking at some of the trades and signings that have been made ahead of the next season and I've noticed a bunch of players pulling a ""Lebron"", although he technically joined his home state team. So far I've got: Wade - Chicago Teague - Indiana Howard - Atlanta Noah - New York Any more?"
"Of course, there's plenty of Return of the Jedi fans on this sub! It's okay. Some people just like bad movies. You're allowed to."
That piece of shit! I don't understand how anyone can really have any strong opinion about her? She hasn't done much of anything besides cuddle up with Taylor
Yes. Relevant username?
"Check your biological privelege. As a droid, goldface offends me."
"...yeah, giving advice is shitty.. some parents never miss an opportunity to humblebrag about their own parenting skills and look down on other parents. See \^ for an example."
"Yes that is a heretical opinion, and you should be burned at the stake with the rest of this thread. This is almost certainly a heretical opinion, but I enjoyed Prometheus much more than Aliens. I think that universe is much better suited to the horror genre."
I didn't know he could play the drums! Dave Grohl
"That will teach them... France slaps Google with $204,000 fine for violating privacy laws"
"Pyrocynical is pure clickbait furry gay cancer and should not be watched, all he does is bully innocent high quality channels Recommend some YouTube channels I need some recommendations for stuff to watch on YouTube"
MYLES JACK WAS #4 THOO Darron Lee was ranked 14th on the consensus big board.
Your right if we just had 64 gigs of RAM we could just get rid of internal storage and store everything in the RAM! Only 8gb of RAM? That can barely do anything. We need at least 8 times that much.
His Sears clothing line is now worth a fortune Report: Arnold Palmer Dies In Pittsburgh At 87
"Pass never happened... that's pass interferance, yards gained off a perfectly executed plan by Johnny... Not really, the receiver had to stop dead in his tracks and wait for the ball, that's why he got destroyed by the defender. That was super underthrown."
"White Walker? But no where does it say they had trouble conceiving. In fact it seems Robert was quite fertile, Cersei just never wanted his seed. Also from the link ""He is deceased when the events of the series begin and is not expected to appear in the series."" that is such a weird sentence. I can't imagine a way a dead baby from 10+ years ago would make an appearance."
"yeah, they'll need him to figure out or complex offensive game plan inb4 he gets signed by the Patriots"
"Yeah, apparently...which explains why there are no kangaroos left in the world. Is this how evolution works?"
"your rights end where my feelings begin FYI, and this has really been bothering me, but democracy != freedom. You can have freedom without democracy, democracy can also be used to take your freedom. Which brings me to my second point. Freedom is what made America great, not our democracy. Now that our democracy is stripping us of our freedom, we are in decline. No other factor is more important to our continued growth than freedom, something that all the pro democracy groups seem to completely miss. They've completely missed the point."
Just like how a woman can't become pregnant when raped. It could work for the same reason some apparently infertile women become pregnant after giving up and adopting. It's psychological. Nature takes its course when the pressure of conceiving naturally is released.
"Ahhh, all those Indian terrorists out there make it hard to tell who is and isn't a terrorist I'm Indian-Canadian and will be suspected as a Terrorist. :("
"Tesla's the guy who invented the Tesla cars right? he is, but he's kinda like Tesla, most folks have little idea the actual scope of his genius."
"This is a great announcement, but what is better, the PAX2 or the Grasshopper? Pax 2 Announcement: It's Not Out Yet. Should I get an Air or a Pax 2? A Goboof or a Pax 2? Is the Pax 2 better than the Pax 1? WE DON'T KNOW. It ships April 2nd. That means someone will be able to tell you around, say, April 5th. Till then, sneakypete or vaporizerwizard are the only ones here qualified to comment. They've posted reviews. Check 'em out if you're interested. Anything else is speculation."
"No, he is definitely too important in the Master Plan to be ""collateral damage"" I'm amazed he didn't just blame the entire flood on gays and claim himself as collateral damage."
Nothing has changed except black culture is actually even more toxic now. Lynching black people was also once acceptable too
You mean all of history? Alpha uprising!
Someone has clearly never heard of the Tampa Bay Chargers. Why not? Best football team in Utah to support.
Yeah cause they could totally just bang that out in a day Or just a complete new netcode.
"a 5 year subscription to WOW would do it. Just to play devils advocate, what about males? Should they not have to take parenting classes and show that they too can support their child? Offspring have 50% of the genes from each of the parents. As well, if a male wants welfare do they have to get a male version of the norplant?"
"Never trust anyone who wears wooden shoes! So, the Dutch?"
"So what if some goalkeeper really sucks asshole? Well, it ain't."
I couldn't deconstruct his logic it's flawless. Guy on Facebook compares being gay to being a murderer.
I tell that to every carry in my game who won't buy wards! An item does not have to be solely for one hero/role in the game.
"How dare she exploit herself like that! Strike the first part. You're guilty regardless, even if you're the same age and both still under 18. If she took the pics herself and sent them to you, she's guilty of producing and distributing."
Running four copies of [[Chromatic Lantern]] to make the mana work? This will fit perfectly in my mono-white humans deck.
But we have 37 wrs so it'll workout. Huh. It's almost like going with only 2 running backs was a stupid idea.
I already have your mum Then you just need a monkey to cruise around with.
"Well, there's that, but put that together with my white guilt, and I still get the shit end of the stick. Atleast cops won't kick your shit."
"She's clearly Catkin - stop oppressing her, shitlords! No Boys Allowed"
"His kids probably will... Yeah, and my gay uncle who raised his kid with his husband, that guy is a total prick. He is also probably a satan worshipper and eats babies."
"Obviously because anyone who wanted to experience something different in the one life they get is a lazy, stupid loser Why's that?"
"Genji needs to attack with his sword at melee attack Make the melee of each character different Some heroes, such as Genji and roadhog have more powerful melees than melees like symmetra's one. Even though their melee's damage is the same."
You can't die from marijuana though! Well speaking I do online school.....I'd die if my bathroom smelled like weed
You say this having knowing Brie Bella personally for years now It's possible
"Just because he's gay doesn't mean you have to call him Flaming. Did you guys make sure to say ""no homo"" before you kissed and presumably smashed at Flame's house afterwards?"
"Or it's saying the wage gap isn't real, but let's obviously assume more sexism. I'm detecting a bit of Alex Jones brand MRA, ""our masculinity is in danger"" rhetoric here. First off, not all feminists focus on wage gaps. Secondly, if you want to make a point, don't just post pictures with random factoids with absolutely no mention of a source. And thirdly, why even bother posting this petty crap in a sub meant to discuss conspiracies which actually impact our lives beyond bickering between sexes."
"Nah, it's totally justified That would be kinda messed up, don't you think?"
bunch of idiotic fucks it's clearly the apothicon servant we only see one of his legs What is that wall weapon on the right?
"Sounds pretty safe. Poppers are an inhalant that uh, relaxes muscles. Disclaimer: My only experience with poppers is Mac from It's Always Sunny in a wedding dress."
"Because OoT is the only Zelda game that exists and is important, obviously! Why is this oot HUD? That was a skyward sword boss!"
"Yes, like 100%. Most importantly, religious people, in matters of religion, *do not follow logic*."
"But its so funneh and unique For fuck's sake stop screenshotting Crysis 2 0% flash deal it's a common bug, now gtfo about 50 people have posted it. Everyone's seen it."
"No it snowed last year - proof global warming is lies... Does paused mean it stayed hot for ages, or did it get cool again but no one noticed."
"Are you assuming HIS gender now? I'm being ironic, guy."
"Being true to the law of eternal progression I see. The church was first called The Church of Christ and was renamed later. The church was founded the same year the BofM was published. The Doctrine and Covenants, published in 1835, originally condemned polygamy (section 101) The polygamy section (132) wasn't added until 1843, for example; and section 101 removed or edited. The other doctrines you mentioned all came later. The Kirtland Temple was begun in 1833, also after the publication of the BofM. So there was no need for temple ordinances until then. The church created and added doctrine as it was developed to suit their particular slant on Christianity. In other words they were inventing it as they progressed."
"Oh no its so horrible Oh look, another nostalgia thread."
"Yeah, shooting at an immobile, nonupgraded vehicle whose main strength is it's mobility on the battlefield will surely show everyone how weak it actually is! Yep, I challenge any of those complaining about a Harrassers 'tankyness' to go into VR with a squad and focus fire small arms on one. Hell, even record it and post it up here as proof of how tough they are."
Is it because we're not sure if he even speaks? Blackwall confirmed as mabari companion for Dragon Age Inquisition.
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH
"or maybe are about to kill the dragon Skipping early achievements disables notifications concerning later achievements from popping up in chat, effectively disallowing other players from seeing that you are able to enchant, brew potions, etc."
"In other words, he's a fictional character... hahahaha omg lol But he's a gamer that's getting married."
"Yeah, those choppers are so OP, we need something to take them down. AA knife coming up -_-"
"But I always thought Dyrus was the team's weak link. ""The top 10 decisions made by Reginald"" - Duncan ""Thorin"" Shields"
"Cause you know drug dealers have never been know to have a bunch of guns laying around. There are times when they might be an appropriate option, but people are upset about when they've been used to serve minor drug warrants with a SWAT team. That's a problem."
It reminded me of your casting. 8)
B-but FREE SHIT! That's happening regardless though. Why pay workers when you can have a machine do it faster and better? Farther on in the future we'll have to have a basic income.
No no no the gorilla was protecting him. A gorilla's gentle reminder that he could easily kill you
"Why can't we get another generic sounding radio song like warriors? The ""I actually really liked the Ignite Song"" Thread It's not obviously a ""hype"" song as in theres no huge chorus and orchestra blaring out as loudly as possible but more as a soundtrack to the worlds experience and reflecting the inner determination of worlds teams I much prefer this more muted take on Worlds contention. Also the song on its own is actually pretty dope to me. Nothing felt like it didn't give as much as it wanted, the fact it was unexpected when the actual drop was going to come made the song much more interesting to listen to than most EDH songs. Finally I have no idea why people see Zedd and expected some insane epic shit. He's not even that kind of producer. This actually feels like Zedd's take on the ideas Riot gave to him and not just ""make really loud memorable chorusy song and slap your name on it so people will be hyped"". It felt personal which is way better imo. Sorry I liked it guys, and I'm sure other people want to discuss it too without having to sift through the thousand ""it generic succ"" comments on the main thread."
"Dedo and Methodz I was talking about from champs onwards because they were successful before that, but yeah Clay is the only other player that has been on tK."
Another reason for women not to drive. Another reason wear seatbelt and lock your door.
"He man, when you have an SSD and your computer boots up in less than 2 seconds 3 seconds to load up a game feels like an eternity Who really needs to save 3 seconds that bad?"
You forgot your Shut up Fatty!
You mean Will.I.Am? Glorious Leader?! On Vessel?!
BECAUSE THIS ISN'T AN ENEMY TERRITORY SUBREDDIT TAKE YOUR FUN ELSEWHERE Not sure why people are down voting you. I loved me some ET.
"make sure you always ask a girl if she's on her period when she's acting like a bitch Girls, give the guys advice about anything and everything."
You can submit un-cynical headlines on reddit? Why couldn't you have used the actual title? Why did you have to add your own 'spin' on the story by wording it like you did?
"Yeah, on a vaguely passive aggressive technicality this was definitely not peaceful I wouldnt say it was peaceful. When you use your far superior numbers to trap and then threaten the police, who, whether you like the government or not, were just doing their jobs, you have moved beyond the realms of peaceful."
"Yes, the infamous Microsoft Lumia 640 running PalmOS. So.... PalmOS?"
"quando esci dal lavoro chiedi il permesso di un'ora ogni giorno oppure avvisi a casa di non aspettarti che farai tardi quella sera? Altri pro tip ingegnosi e bastardi: stacca la sella lasciando il suo canotto se puoi, almeno che vadano in giro alla bersagliera. portati una chiavetta inglese e stacca i pattini del freno, portati una brugola (o quel che serve per farlo) e smolla leggermente il manubrio. Devono sudarsela la mia bicicletta."
"Oh yeah, that guy is a douche because he reacted to seeing a person fall to their death. Woman falls from ledge in Calgery"
Eat em like scooby and shaggy would! Scooby Snacks So I just bought a Scooby snacks edible (made with 10x canna butter) and it doesn't have any dosage on it. Anyone know how much?
Glad to see the STEM master race decided to pollute this thread with their nonsense... And to think I actually used to be sympathetic to their causes but then I discovered reddit...
"Because chicken = healthy, obviously! ""We were getting feedback like, 'It's so healthy. It's so fresh"" - it's a taco with fried chicken instead of the tortilla."
"No Sir, we only specify the religion when the Terrorist is a muslim. Fine. No one call her a terrorist. Call her a Christian terrorist."
"You know I always find it funny seeing CP listed in someones history, it definitly doesn't make me not want to hire them. Yes. The police will probably be called because you attempted to access child porn. Illegal. Trying to access any regular porn on school system will probably result in internal school disciplinary action (same would happen to someone doing this at any work place). Also you used someone else's login."
you just wait till Reed is 100% Wait til we get McCullough back... Note: This is banter please don't execute me.
"All other Micras are driven by ladies, I suppose. Surrounded by chaos..."
"Jeb can fix it! Barring a miracle, Jeb Bush seems to be down for the count."
"Don't be Catholic, duh. Catholic responding negatively to this news: bigotry Catholic responding positively to this news: arrogance and gloat Is there any reaction you would consider acceptable?"
"""Hillary's the REAL mobster!!!!"" So there is definitive evidence that Trump had mob ties, even though he has repeatedly denied them. Well, as a Donald supporter, all I can say is... BENGHAZZZZIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!"
"kickass torrents is down, from where you will get videos to play now? Building a 4K HTPC Hello, I want to build a 4K HTPC. I want it for the purpose of streaming and playing movies. I don't want it for gaming. I'm not sure if I should go with a graphics card or just use the CPU on board graphics. Any suggestions would be great about the build and the parts. Thanks"
"Hirons, Dutch Bros and Uly's, they really captured what it's like to be in Eugene! Check out this cool BuzzFeed for U of O!!!"
I mean he is the best eva Phil Baroni could get a title shot in OneFC right now.
wat if i dont like them johnny foreigners? Liking UKIP/Britain first etc on Facebook. Guaranteed prick
"Because everyone at NASA is American. Only for US citizens, sorry m8"
I really hope enemkpali wasn't in that tent signing his contract! Manuel gets third team in 2-minute drill. Throws his first pass into the Bills' corporate hospitality tent.
"Yeah being richer, and having more money help with that. More educated?"
I am absolutely positive that's what Comcast would have wanted them to do too. I would expect them to stop working and get their truck out of there. It wasn't safe.
It's just one step closer to the eradication/genocide of fat people I guess! Apparently it was being used to solicit nudity.
Think of all the children who didn't get autism National measles outbreak reaches central Pa.; here's what you need to know
Only selfish bitches sleep. I was asleep...
"but, but, Bernie sanders is catching up Poll: Clinton leads all Dem challengers by double-digits"
"If they include Carr they gotta include Bortles Also, no mention of Carr? Is there a cutoff for ""young?"" Why are we comparing rookies to players who've been in the league a whole year?"
"How about Joy-Cons that add more FLOPS? Name 3 SPECIAL EDITION JOY-CONS that you would like to have on the Switch Joy cons are awesome and they are modular, so game Devs can create their owns! Name 3 special edition joy cons that you would like to have on your Switch!"
"""Real Americans wave a treasonous flag!"" ""Ah, a patriotic American, I see! That'll be $22.72. It's amazing how cheaply we can get this stuff made in China. Make America Great Again, my friend!"""
"What, you never heard of Thirth? ""3th"""
Seth Jones! Leafs &amp; Blue Jackets have something cooking
"oh dear, let me That's incorrect. it is bear."
hurr durr i didn't see that response coming at *all* Even better
Little did we know that we traded Diaz for a first line RW Projected lineups.
"The try to get on your gas mask mission would be great though. WW1 would be horrible. it was a war of attrition, the hole war is basically sit in a trench till you were told to charge to your death. That was about it."
"""that's what the idiots always say..."" too drunk, just stalk my post history"
The prophecy is coming true..the end is nigh...the great bird war begins..May the Lord have mercy on us all Vatican Peace Doves Attacked By Warring Seagull And Crow In Epic Battle Of Good And Evil
"Except when GTA5 comes with a cash card... Which is kind of odd, since it's blatantly illegal in literally absolutely everywhere."
"I wish Mike McCarthy was as good a coach as half the people on this subreddit. McCarthy: ""Let's just state the facts: I'm a highly successful NFL coach. With that, I've never looked at the ride to this point as smooth."""
Obviously it's a cover up by the entitled teenager mod cabal what keeps a mod from using another username to start a witchunt with the sole purpose of getting a submission removed?
"Isn't the bible technically ""peer-reviewed""? Sorry I should hace specified, a peer reviewed source."
"It is neither animal, nor mineral, therefore it must be vegetable. How Hospitals in the American South Do ""Vegetables"""
Hey... it wouldn't have happened if the CPC did something about it 9 months ago... I like that alleged sexual harassment by two sitting Liberal MPs becomes a critique of the CPC. There really isn't much to report until this story further develops. Blaming the Tories doesn't seem productive.
I do so love the smell of propaganda in the morning. This! This is so true! There is some known nazi groups in sweden who post on different swedish political videos pretending to be muslims and saying stuff to spread hate on muslim people.
Shodan or AM What will she call herself? I still like The Finchinator. Do you think she'll choose a birdy name?
"So that explains the Tracer players I get on my team, they're all 3rd graders! My 3rd grader's teacher asked me why my daughter wants to be on fire."
That's racist. At least you'd anticipate him to do something stupid like pull his pants down in a bar. If you had to guess the Big East player who did something seriously bad (like felony bad) I don't think anyone would guess JP.
"HTML is most definitely a programming language. We're talking about real games, not physics stimulations."
"b..b..b..but you have to look at the context and the bigger picture of the unequal relationships in power that men and women have as a previously downvoted comment has said. He wasn't expecting to be kissed and as such was kissed against his consent. He is now being seen as less of a man because of it(as well as being seen as disrespectful). Just think of this the other way around, Drake force kissing Madonna on stage and her showing her distaste of the event, it would have people calling out for sexual assault and the SJWs would come out of the woodwork."
"Are you saying it's not ok for someone to have an affair because their wife doesn't wear heels enough? No, that's not normal. Single-income families where one person works to bring in a paycheck and one person stays home and works to keep the household in order *can* work, but they work best when both people realize that they're both part of a team, each with different roles, but that one does not exist subordinate to the other. The fact that *he* had an affair and is now demanding a list of changes for *you* to make smacks of narcissism. ""I wouldn't have had to have an affair if only you had been a better wife, but you weren't, so I was *forced* to seek someone else out"". He *might* be able to find a woman who wants to be treated the way he wants to treat her, and who wants to center her entire existence around him. But is that woman *you*?"
"Yeah, just like all the other great cities and architecture throughout history! And if you were really old, there was this thing called your 'mind', and in conjunction with your 'imagination' you could plan stuff out."
That would never happen.. The problem with capitalism is that eventually you'll have stolen so much wealth from the workers that it will eventually create a huge economical crisis that will have huge impact on the very workers you exploited in the first place.
Terabit masterrace reporting in from sweden. Gigabit master race checking in. Tbh on a single connection I can only take data as fast as my ssd can write :( #gigabit problems
"Then homeschool them! Well I don't want my kids being taught homosexuality in school, I for one think they should learn homosexuality at home, from their parents."
"Because you didn't even get a sub 2 min run, anyone can do this We find min-maxing and pushing kills to the limit fun tho. Not sure why the kill was a bad run^^^^^^"
"yeahhh probably on Thursday, just a guess though I think someone's going home this week"
"Yes, that's EXACTLY what I'm saying. And the people who brake check them even moreso. So, basically, what you're saying is that you WANT to cause an accident."
Would be the first time ever in this sub I think this is going to boil down to wild speculation from the peanut gallery.
"Nah dude, you gotta start with TPM and go from there. ANH and TFA are both fine to start with."
But as a pedestrian.. I HAVE THE RIGHT OF WAY It's just common courtesy....
"Which didn't come into play until after he was caught, surprise surprise Ah yes, the old 'it was just a joke!' excuse."
"*tips fedora, M'lady* But don't tell the rest of reddit that you are being persecuted and harassed for not believing. You will be laughed out of the room."
rich people in Los Angeles do meth? Sounds like meth
These robots are taking our jobs! Nasa's Curiosity Rover can now fire its laser at will
yeah mightyena was pretty much the most OP late game pokemon and poochyena were so damn hard to come across in the wild You better have an open space in that gen 3 party boi....
"But the liveblog is delayed by like 20 seconds, that's not fast enough. That's what a live blog is."
"Well yeah, PC can handle much higher anti aliasing. Wish this was on PS4 all my houses are squares"
Merk What AM's do you see going pro? Curious what AM's you think that could go pro during BO3.
How do you not agree that a gym is a place full of sunshine and rainbows Let's not get carried away now.
"They're only trying to prevent starvation mode, alright? I don't hate Chipotle, I just hate the completely misguided idea so many people (and especially so many obese people) have that as long as you eat the right foods, it doesn't matter what quantity you eat it in because it's ""healthy"". It doesn't really matter if you eat a burrito or a big mac, as long as you're not going overboard on your calories and balancing most of your macronutrients, it's fine. I've lost 30 pounds in two and a half months and I still eat burgers and tacos and donuts and other ""not clean"" foods... I just don't eat so damn much of it. If I have a donut in the morning, I have a lighter lunch and dinner, etc."
What is that? Rockin' tape
Do you write for The Onion? BREAKING NEWS: Mass deforestation in Iowa as overwhelming first-time voter turnout forces felling of so many trees for new forms.
dammit Kanye Fish Sticks!
Yeah sf is such a small city Oh damn we are near each other judging by the city he says is his last.
"Damn straight - my taxes paid for Air Force One, I should be able to ride it from time to time! And what's worse is that taxpayers can't use any of these patches for their legacy systems even thought they indirectly paid for them!"
Did you put marriage and children in them? Somewhat. WHY DON'T YOU GUYS LIKE MY GAMES?????
"How's it feel to be on the wrong side of history, gramps? It may not be a real *human* but that woudn't not make it a real *person* if such an AI were self aware to the same degree (or perhaps even more so) than a human."
"He was totally gassed, bro, otherwise that shit would have been a 60 hit combo. What are you talking about he finished Barao with a Dragon Ball Z 20 hit combo"
"What do you mean, look at all these Hindu terrorists roaming around remember how this once they treated Mumbai like it's some sort of videogame, shooting innocent muslims with Ak-47s, and blowing up trains, beheading muslim soldiers etc., it's become such a menace that they've invented a word: Hinduphobia in order to instill the secular perspective in muslims and protect the spectacularly minuscule portion of Hindus that are not terrorists from having their feelings hurt or facing hate crimes in the hands of the wronged muslims. What Hindu terrorism?"
"Yay, Ansibled is back It's an insult to Fury to compare him to Forg1ven."
Note: become a crooked politician. Calm down everyone. Comcast is just doing this so that in the future when they want to merge with Centurylink they can say it won't cause a monopoly since they aren't in the same markets. See? Everyone wins. In this case everyone is actually just Comcast and any politician they have purchased.
"Whoopee, 1 year in prison for ruining the lives of multiple men FOREVER, this is justice! Serial false rape accuser finally jailed and will serve 1 year in prison."
"Well obviously it was in this case Hmm, doesn't seem fair if there is only one bench, what if it's racist."
But they work much harder than us. Corporate Executives Are Making Way More Money Than Anybody Reports
"Oh boy, this should be interesting It's the April Fools thing."
"global warming will be very hard and expensive to deal with....therefore it does not exist Some useful ""facts"" about climate change."
"What an array of options! ""You can marry me if you like me, or if not we will have casual sex."""
"Thankfully Blizzard learned that spamming maintenance buffs just for your class to function is a pain in the ass and not even remotely fun, that's why they made Legion Disc Priests You're absolutely right. If anyone needs proof at how terrible rets were, just look at ""inquisition"" Which is literally ""spend 3 holy power every 15 seconds inorder to do subpar damage , while that warrior is already about to kill you"""
"That would be oppression and show that PAX clearly hates women as an organization. Seems like that space could be better used for something else. Like, you know, things more people care about."
What you didn't enjoy the beer chugging luxury comp? I miss seeing have not and Luxury Comps! I am tired of never knowing who is a have not! I miss silly comps for movie nights and stuff like that! BOB is ruining the FUN of the game!
"But you're thinking of potatoes, not money! Notice that subsistence farming is what happens when S=0 and C=Y. But chg(Y)=0 And yet consumption drives growth?"
Cant wait until elogs is mandated... Fuck.
Sounds like Trump's silent majority is finally standing up! More Californians than ever registered to vote Nov. 8
"Ok, that's the best explanation I've ever heard Because they aren't?"
Draymond Green literally Hitler. Draymond Green literally swung at a ref and didn't get a technical.
just remember... being gay is the EVIL thing.. Six gay men in Ivory Coast were abused and forced to flee their homes after they were pictured signing a condolence book for victims of the recent attack on a gay nightclub in Florida
"""But I'm carrying the can!"" And yet some firefighters can't even climb 5 flights of stairs without getting winded"
Who needs points values when you can Forge the Narrative? They have a ton of wounds but overall seem like buffed up versions of regular greater daemons. Kinda useless without points values though :(
"But can you teach me how to change batteries on my DMG? Since I've been getting requests for this, time to share it with everyone else..."
"It really does look unique. New anime website, Hummingbird, claims their redesign will make their website cool and unique. Right."
"Duh, it says right there that he's a ""Pro Racer."" Seems Legit"
"Yeah, cuz Watchmen was such a simple project Snyder for this quite complex project ? Seriously? He shouldn't be anywhere near this movie"
"De EU soft power't de fuck uit jou, man! EU-NAVO? Hahaha. De NAVO heeft een enorm leger en een kernmacht, de EU heeft een eh ... een paar commissies. Voor de rest: ja, maar de Euro was een overduidelijke vergissing. Volgens mij moet de EU een paar stappen terug en het dan langzaam opnieuw gaan proberen. Nu lijkt alles op een vlucht vooruit."
"Yeah, because hitting good fungals is as easy as hitting good forcefields sure immortal sentry allin requires work, you have to press forcefield from tiem to time"
I prefer solar panels made by Solyndra... And the death panels. Don't forget those.
"I know, between Newtown, Columbine, and the Aurora shooting I'm really starting to lose sympathy for these thuggish, animalistic white youths. I understand how people see this as racist. But when you see this behavior over and over and over again, you start to lose sympathy."
this'll be a controversial one earth tones
"Another Prince post? TIL Louis Le Prince, who filmed the first ever motion pictures, disappeared without a trace in 1890. Thomas Edison soon took credit as the first and sole inventor of cinema, and even took Le Prince's son to court to dispute it. Few years later, the son also died under mysterious circumstances."
"No, 4chan is the hacker. Is 4chan part of the dark side of the Internet? I heard the shooter in the Oregon college used 4chan to warn people and taunt about it, and it seems all the things I've heard about 4chan has similar stories and are like the dark side of the Internet. In a nutshell what is 4chan?"
"WOTC, pls reprint Counterspell. Deathrite Shaman was at least answerable with good cards ~ delve cards ask you to play some pretty questionnable choices in the hope of making them bad."
Connor ducking Floyd Brock ducking AJ Styles smh Brock Lesnar at UFC 200 confirmed
Learn to defend So this goal counted. I knew there was a reason I haven't played FIFA for months.
I'll bet the cops overwhelmingly support this. Texas senate approves open carry of handguns
Yes it does filthy peasant I bought a Wii U just for Smash Brothers...does that make me a bad person?...because I'm really good with Donkey Kong.
See what happens when ya legalize pot? Canada's 'Out Of Control' Fire Doubles In Size
"thanks for the complement ask amazon idiot, not the amiibo subreddit"
Now that group has less money to use to kill Americans - he was just being smart! Giuliani Took Money From a Group That Killed Americans. Does Trump Care?
"No because those are his opinions and his opinions are the hardfast rule for all relationships So... don't outright forbid things because you're insecure cancels out your first couple of points, right?"
Hall of Fame veterans committee I'm not terribly knowledgeable of WAR (clearly) but how else could we really judge who should be in the ASG?
"TIL Samuel L. Jackson used his normal voice for Kingsmen TIL that Samuel L. Jackson has a speech impediment and his use of the word ""Motherfucker"" helps control it."
I'm not even sure they can c: ... Yes because riot is one person with every skillset that can only work on one thing at a time.
no that's a different app Guy seems ruff.
I say for now on we find out who Russia doesn't want and vote for him/her. FBI backs CIA view that Russia intervened to help Trump win election
"... filling out surveys, I always get free offers. On the scale of 1 to 10, what are you a definite 10 at?"
Pfft... you mean you painted the 'Am I the Only One Around Here' meme? Painted John Goodman from the Big Lebowski. MARK IT ZERO!
"It should be Kratos. When it comes to the Greek warrior... People realize it doesn't have to be one of the Greek heroes (Ajax, Achilles, Perseus, etc.) right? When I see people make suggestions for who the Greek warrior should be, it's always one of the legendary heroes. All of them are quite boring and have no notable abilities that would make them interesting. They'd all end up with something uninteresting, because none of them do anything really. Warriors don't have to be actual ""warriors"" from mythology. Why not someone like Typhon?"
whats updog sort of like an updog
"Yea, if only there were any subsidies for rural farmers Suburbs? What about.the land beyond suburbs?"
"You can *buy* extra karma, for 10 cents a vote. Wouldn't work, because then the current amount of karma that exists on the site would be all that could ever exist. Perhaps if it were in a 2:1 ratio, but that's a bit of a stretch."
"With a chance of the new ULs, of course. Probably a base legend topper"
"It'll be alright though, the government said so, they have experts you know Or when 1000's of flammable and cancerous chemicals flood into the residential water system due to Fracking!"
"Yeah, that pile of sludge, that bigger pile of sludge, the big pokeball, and the giant upside down pokeball were *great* design choices Im just dissapointed at how bad new pokemon looks like. I mean why the dugtrios has wig and rowlet final evolution is arrow from DC universe"
"Oh yes, because every homeless person is alcoholic or disturbed. The homeless? Alcoholics and the mentally I'll, you comparing travellers to adducts? That says it all"
"The Council owns 34% of the airport company, so it makes complete sense that the Council (or, by proxy, the central Government) should pay for 100% of the runway extension. The more controversial part is that Wellington Airport Ltd want other people to pay for it, not them. If it's such a wonderful investment, why don't they just stump up the cash? They certainly gouge us hard enough. That said, big planes are cool!"
that wasn't sneaky's finger Adrian with the sneaky middle finger
Play like you did last season mate and I'm sure a move is imminent... Aaron Ramsey refuses to rule out Barcelona switch
She's busy having Jingles being balls deep in her Rita gone?
"0-5 WTF CJ Anderson, Dez Bryant, M Evans, D Jax, ALF Morris, Sammy Watkins, Romo, T Coleman, N Agholor, Delaney Walker My team is stacked son Who here somehow has a losing record with a stacked team?"
"Hey, calm down, the Oilers need to be humble because they ruined so many NHL careers over the last 10 years... With 11 points in 7 games, Connor Mcdavid has sole possession of the NHL lead in points."
"Yeah because people posting nude pictures of them self of the internet don't post them because they want to be seen or something... ...........what? This is what Reddit is? ""Hey a female has posted a picture! Better check her history to see if she's naked!"" Fucking hell, just when I thought some people on this site couldn't get more pathetic."
But I thought they dedicate the 4th of July every year to commemorating a mistake? Meh. How do you become a global super power when you're busy accepting your mistakes?
Probably a hipster Moscow Mule?
Says the filthy normie How an asshole refers to them: filthy casuals How a normal person would refer to them: who gives a shit?
But how do I show off skinz make it like DM so the guns don't drop
Because it's so much more fun when you take ages to do everything fuck that shit. man.. why do they keep making changes for the WORSE not the better
Clearly this is a network problem Don't ever do this to a server... you fuck up their balance and loud crashing sounds usually ensue
"Your team must love you. I did this before I even started playing online. Doesn't matter if they're kids yelling profanities or adults being just plain idiots, they are plentiful and I have no use listening to them."
Yeah because most games played on PC require a console controller. I downvoted you and haven't purchased a console in ten years...I downvoted because you're being dumb for not using a controller.
"Hmm.. Assets... does Student Loan count...? Doesn't matter. If you're British, you can invest by selling foreign assets (if you have any) in exchange for local currency. Or by selling local assets, but prices seem to be dropping fast to accommodate."
"Because Zeah wasn't horribly underwhelming and mostly dead content fact is 07scape got actual (numerous times better) dev team behind and they communicate to players directly , compared to rs3 lol ( hey we got runelabs [ but your runelab will be forgotten forever if you dont have clan of 300 players who can support you ] ) rs3 is mainly for cashing in revenue ( SGS , TH , etc ) just got to deal with it"
"Well you are missing your chance to actually watch this one in person Invited to a grandniece's baptism. I got a text from a family member inviting me to the baptism of a grandniece. They were sending out invitations and were confirming addresses. (I haven't been around the church for a while, when did people start sending baptismal invitations, kind of like wedding invitations out?) The invitation said that ""grandniece"" has chosen to become a member of the church. The invitation also had a very cute picture with date and time. I thanked them for the kind invitation, but I have other obligations that day. Wished them well. (A 5 hour drive is difficult.) I didn't send this additional message, but I thought about it. I look forward to the opportunity to stand outside the temple while grandniece gets married in the future."
TIL 10 upvotes = downvoted to hell Ikr? If he was being an asshole I would understand. But he just said something and was wrong and got down voted to hell.
"Doesnt a leveling kit on a chevy/ GMC just make sure the front bumper doesnt drag? Installed leveling kit, checking ground clearance"
"Obviously Twitch chat! But who is the us they'd be sitting down with? Do they individually contact everybody who plays smite ever? Only lvl 30s? Select representatives? How do they choose those? If you mean the reddit they've done that before, asking for feedback via surveys and the like."
My '14 SP25 was parked next to it and I almost got into the Tesla by mistake. Tesla body reminds me of mazda
yes and on top of that bankruptcy will solve all our problems Good. Austerity is a terrible practice that only hurts the middle class and poor and does nothing to solve the problem of GDP growth.
"But it's a cartoon, so it has to be for kids! i don't think it was made for kids. lol"
"so glad xuanzang has another skillup now, it's so useful Light Cat Dragon starts Monday!"
"Quick, call the hotline for barbaric cultural practices! Prime Minister Trudeau socializing in a mosque. As is tradition."
"Got screwed out of that .2 he rightfully deserves. Felicia averages 9.2 defense at level 22. You're not screwed, Felicia just has a low defense growth."
"So what you're saying is... We NEED TO BUILD A DAMN WALL Eh? No, not quite. More Mexican migrants are leaving than entering, there's still more immigrants than emigrants they're just mostly coming from central America now."
"but, see, men are superior, so it's ok when they do it But aren't redpillers manipulating sluts who like mind games?"
"Yeah, awakening is telling you to work on his axe proficiency! Awakening sent me a sign about Frederick."
Buuuuut don't you know you can't claim autonomy over your own body and choices as a woman and doing so is SELFISH and WRONG Because we don't *have* to and we don't *want* to. Isn't that enough?
"Pretty sure sending a keylogger to kabam would work! Quick, how do we invent unlimited money?!"
But they're America's Team! Never root for the Cowboys!
"yea he is right...cause one guy said it the whole party means that. what does it even matter to be called a ""racist"" in 2016? Seriously, at this point ""racist"" is so overused that when a party, a politician, a celebrity etc. is getting called ""racist"", then my first thought is usually that they must have done or said something right. Either give some evidence supporting your claims, or kindly fuck off and never ever come back with your tiresome buzzwords."
#WHEN WILL TRUMP CONDEMN THIS VIOLENCE I just saw communists attack Alex Jones at RNC and he punched one of them in the face as police took him to his SUV
"well, if you don't mine, i can help, please post pics of the both of you and i can give expert advice. I'm a straight female... but"
Minecraft let's play I Spy What's the most action packed Let's Play? I wanna see some Michael Bay type shit with Achievement Hunter commentary.
lel 30fps is unplayable huehuehuehue so u would rather play on a pc on minimum just for 60+FPS's???
Nothing more necessary in a slum than a local organization that glorifies suffering and pain Most is dishonest hyperbolic nonsense brought to you by people who have never experienced what it is like in a third world slum.
Yet they want equal pay. My Turn.
"Yeah but I'm special, silly. To get very dark on you for a moment: That you and your individual life matter in the long term. The reality of all species of life is that we're only here to propagate the survival of that species, and our contributions only matter insofar as how that species survives. It's as true for bacteria as it for humans. As humans, we might have some written records of remarkable individuals, but even there, think of the billions that have been forgotten. The vast majority of our ancestors are now just soil at best. You will likely not be remembered in 100+ years. But hey, thanks for contributing to the further advancement of humanity, whoever you are. And while you're out there humaning, I hope you're having fun. Because in the end, humanity won't remember much of anything you did. Your mark is otherwise your DNA, your offspring, and what you did with this place to help propagate the species. So think a bit less about yourself, and more about how you can help others to help us all survive through it all."
I dunno man... isn't 47th street considered Tribeca? Bet you a million dollars that's not this anejo
Should have put an Not as evil as the Haughey dynasty
"Oh no, but i loved when our corners were coached to not look back at the ball to make a play. Eliot Shorr-Parks on Twitter: ""Todd Lyght, #Eagles secondary coach, will not be back with team. Heading to Vanderbilt, per league source. First reported by @RapSheet."""
"I'm sure she can't sleep at night If she or her camp are legitimately scared of further leaks, that insinuates and corroborates that damning evidence exists but has yet to be revealed. I'd love to see what they're so afraid of."
That's not degrading to men or sexist at allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll Motion activated sinks in women's bathroom
We should ask Ethan if she's single! hila is my favorite person in the world.
dae EDGE lol you clownin. Aint nobody got IE on their computers any more.
zamana hoke nikla...keep up bro Has anyone tried the QuizUp app here?
Wins* It has to come with a * thingy right? Saving this thread for the day Danica wins a fuel mileage race (again) and people lose their minds.
"Ya, I mean, girls definitely don't get anything out of sex. You guys are getting ridiculously fixed on the idea that she *might* expect him to pay for dinner (even though she says nothing to suggest that, which already shows you're not even giving fair consideration). Firstly, despite what you might think, his is clearly an exchange being offered. Something that she wants, in exchange for something the guy wants. *Even if it involves the guy spending money on her*. The guys on tinder are on there because they want to date or have sex with the girls. Your logic suggests that the whole thing is an entirely selfless endeavor on the part of men, and that any girl who goes on a date is the sole beneficiary. If you disagree with that, then both parties must get something out of it, making this exchange, and not entitlement."
What a great opening line. Seriously reconsidering online dating
"Agree, the last thing we want to do is rustle the Caps fans jimmies. No don't say that! Caps fans will be upset."
"I remember when this was **worldpolitics** Sarah Palin's fundraising instrument, SarahPac, had posted an advertisement to target Democratic Rep Gabrielle Giffords."
"Technology, putting thousands of Chinese people out of work, day after day. A high speed Pick and Place machine. This is how components on a circuit board are placed. Later, this board will be run through a soldering 'oven'."
"Fuck them for trying to make money. Yea, that's really egregious. Any other sport and he'd be ejected from the game and maybe suspended for multiple games. NFL needs to step it up."
"Better version of Subway... Yeah, that sounds lame to me. Agreed. Another place riding on a reputation earned when there were no alternatives. Throw that shit to the ground."
[Kiera Knightley] I can't wait to see who they cast as Cable.
"Because Sikhs are not the original inhabitants of Canada... As opposed to white people Silly person....heh. Saar qq, why are there supposed to be no sikhs in kaneda?"
Canyon Vista Best food on campus??
Chris Paul is not giving him room to land! Chris Paul fouls Westbrook.
They were just checking your privilege shitlord! I guess being beat up my classmates in 5th grade wasn't me getting bullied then. I was just oppressing them by existing. Thanks for the information!
"They tend to call them gay pedophiles, because they don't like wymyn with cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurves. I wonder what they say to guys who like natural small chested woman."
"Should have played around that I once lost to a weirdo Druid by going full Northshire. How? He played Wild Pyromancer, Innervate and Tree of Life on a nearly full board and fatigued me to death."
TIL Lebron does layups Lebron Comnections Does anyone know what you can get from LBJ connections? Can you get his layup animation from his connection? I'm cheap and don't want to spend vc on his layup if I can get it this way :P
"It's easy to get an elite WR, you just need to give the Bears a 5th round pick. any elite wr"
YEAH WHO NEEDS MONEY Being unemployed RULES
So he was still a protagonist? Jonah Hill was in the KKK in Django.
"Yeah but too be fair, that's when it was affecting him personally. Joe Hockey protested against university fees in 1987"
"Obviously this belongs in r/messesindiapers, not r/ABDL... That was fun"
"And I find it really funny when people now want to cultivate power and so lie that there is no god and the universe is random instead of embracing the truth that we are all simulations inside a computer program Look, I'm sure you're a very nice person but for the sake of establishing a baseline here's my view on religion- Thousands of years ago people who wanted to cultivate power lied about speaking to god and wrote those lies down in holy books. People believed those lies and over the course of generations they became part of our social structure. These days people believe those lies implicitly because they were raised that way, because it's scary to admit how short and insignificant life can be without god (not to mention unfair), or because religion helped them get beyond some personal hardship. Those reasons keep people from thinking critically about religion, or at the very least from being realistic about how little sense these holy books make. That's my baseline and that's why I'm not particularly impressed when a theist says they don't shove their beliefs down someone else's throat. Well thank you for being decent about it, but I'm not thrilled to find out that someone is basing major life decisions on something someone made up around the same time paper was invented. Your vote is cancelling out my vote and the lack of reasoning behind our differences is offensive to me."
The Russian-style censors must be the only way to stop the Russians Twitter is quickly turning into a USSR-tier propaganda platform.
God damned Bammers and their Trumpkins. USA! USA! SEC! SEC! SEC!
*ahem* is this a reference to something or did you just have a bad day at work?
failing they're english class? Aren't someone...
"4000 years ago you heathen! Yeah, we really dropped the ball back in the Permean period. What were we thinking 250 million years ago?"
"we don't need a QB coach, we have Gruden, **THE Quarterback Whisperer** So are we just not going to hire a QB coach? Does it seem weird that we struggle at QB and are the only team that didn't have one in 2014?"
It's awful the way they have fun with each other. Terrible team chemistry tonight!
Elected officials passed these laws so they must be for our own good even though they don't make sense. So the law just makes a new merge point that serves no practical purpose and doesn't solve anything?
Woman drivers amirite? It's your fault Mr. motorcyclist
"""Sneaks out of work"" DAE Badass? Yup, I can safely say now that nobody uses the SAAP meme correctly. This is just Bad Luck Brian."
His awful singing voice compensated for by his good looks Hello -- Adele (vocal cover)
He forgotten the So many things are wrong with your comment.
I'm gonna go with the what makes this quest hard for a UIM?
But how will I know what shampoo I might want to buy? exactly! #notallawkwardpeople :p but yeah. being shy and a bit awkward is fine as long as you don't go up to people and like smell their hair or something.
You are supposted to put the LOCATION OF U in the title so [USA-Nextome] i had to take a few minutes to figure out what you two were talking about......(Applause)
"Some countries didn't have seatbelt laws when we were 9, why should our children abide by the same laws? We all had voice on when we were 9, why not let him have?"
"BC election polls never lied to anyone before. Provincial election poll: 29% BC NDP, 28% BC Liberals, 10% BC Greens, 4% BC Conservatives, and 25% don't know"
Sounds like a chill dude Only known recording of Hitler speaking informally. Conversation with Finland's Carl Mannerheim.
"They are only worth half, because the almighty has made them this way. And Muslim girls?"
gun grabbers gave families ample time to collect their thoughts and give respect for the dead before they started curtailing rights after sandy hook... I really wish pro-gun types wouldn't always turn these stories into political issues.
And the very next block contains payments to the following addresses: 1JGRvpyNGBFUkhBB9U7**No**nXuMwhmQHzz7j 1NMtVZLQqGdV77XSjJToJ**no**jg7BdP3ATDP 13dtR2JZDrG4Geb**no**3v2QnU7cTGSiokNhQ 1PwhC**No**HDdb4K1atNbx26txbRsdSJvovap 1PzQjKoa**no**47NdPL9zujX7bLNQKiCf8dEw 1BYza**Noo**8eceTMSkb6jpathPPkztNCW9YF 1LoUyMiLkkqnS1**No**1oyYBzZuR8eJEa5ezt 1LmMoFjwabmT9P2vQN5bbchzR4Jc32Re**No** That bitch jYuki told him! For the lazy: OP_RETURN 59756b692077696c6c20796f75206d61727279206d65203f2054657473752e **(decoded) j Yuki will you marry me ? Tetsu.**
"Congratulations, you used a very scientific method to determine that all progressives don't know what they are talking about. I used to consider myself a progressive, then I met other progressives. The vast majority of ""progressives"" are just scientifically illiterate kids that have no clue what they're talking about. Now I just stick with ""liberal."""
"Yeah because my 2nd gen low end i5 is bottlenecking my fps so hard. It is the bottleneck of my system. Would see improvements in BF1 with I7 with hyper-threading. Do a quick search, you'll see people talking about it all over the web."
Get it now for $4.99. I found this yesterday in a supermarket
Correction - because it's reddit and re-posting is #1-10 of the 10 deadly sins because it's r/magictcg
"Yea, I mean, just look at the roads, there's never any construction done on those! I am pretty sure this is not true. It may be cheaper to lay and re-lay grass than to pour and smooth concrete, but it costs more to maintain concrete? What. Once you lay concrete, you don't need to do anything to maintain it outside of mopping and sweeping it, until it erodes and cracks a few decades later."
"Yeah, what an idiot he is for living with the system available to him. Or have a system where your college debt is either non-existent or at least low and manageable, like the rest of the western world."
"No, it's a Scooby Doo reference Is this a hunger games reference? :)"
"""I liked the demo better, why did they ruin this song"" [reupload with new trap drums and changed build ups, add dying rubber chicken sirens] then after that have a final release as a noisia remix"
"Yes, hate when people only give me their brands name and make me do a quick Google search, fuck that i really would like to buy one of these shirts but luckily you provided absolutely zero way for me to do that, thank you"
"He lost? I hate sore losers, but he does it so gracefully."
Like rental cars? I'm pretty sure if you're using your car to pick up strangers you'll be smart enough (or so I hope) to add in cameras for liability purposes.
Yeah dude fuck minorities and the poor Trump. Just to fuck things up.
"Because no one plays the game for fun of anything, it's absolutely for money. GTA Player Logic: Wait around in a glitch hole for 45mins to earn $9k bounty, instead of do a simple mission and wait 8 minutes to earn $20k"
"Remember, Satoshi did not have any political goals in mind! The Times | 1/3/2009 | Chancellor on Brink of Second Bailout for Banks | Satoshi Nakamoto"
Great advice for someone just starting out that didn't even know about elective mode. Fire blizzard/Meteor/Blackhole + firebirds set is where its at.
"You mean it's not about going out on a boat and a cookout? If I had one wish, it would be for people to take this day off as a day to donate to veterans charities or serve homeless people meals. Chances are you would serve more than one vet. Donate to local food pantries, or just help out around the neighborhood. Troops served the country on a large scale it couldn't hurt for the average Joe to serve his community on a small scale as a sign of thanks."
Good thing libertarians love hillary so much Hillary supported this in 2005.
"Yeah, or I don't know, you could just be a person. A parent's child will almost always grow accustomed to hearing cuss words at school, seeing them on the internet and through TV. They are generally a common part of life and most people don't put them down so harshly; they convey strong emotion. So telling me to stop doing what I'm doing because you are offended is basically saying I'm not allowed to like what you don't like. Sorry."
"yeah but he has a negative k/d though....... Damon is playing so well and he's 31-33, just making so many big plays and breaks."
totaly gonna buy this for 210 USD with no hesitation Bitspower GeForce GTX 1080 RGB water block spotted
"Yes, because that totally didn't come across in *Blade Runner*... It was very good for an eighties action movie and it showed Rutgers charismatic side that was bursting out of his German movies. Day of the Jugger is another of my favourite Rutger movies."
"As long as our electricity is up to 7% cheaper it doesn't matter how much it costs. ""Poor planning leaves Australia exposed to climate change and massive damage bills, CSIRO says"""
"Did he beat up Jesse Ventura, too? American Sniper"
Kyle Walker Who would Allardyce leave out to bring Antonio in? Milner?
This guy obviously has never heard of Reefer Madness. Worse then Hitler!!??!! Do you know how many lives I've saved!!!!! I deliver the wraps people smoke their weed in to calm down and not go on a killing spree!!!!!
"Are you sure people just don't want to talk to you? Same. Also, text chat often fails to work correctly after a few matches (can only see my chat), but that's been since launch ..."
"I would say Luongo, but I remembered he's too good of a goalie to leave the paint What situations lead to a goalie fight? I can understand a line brawl breaking out and a goalie wanting to get involved, but what other situations would lead a goalie to specifically want to skate down ice and start throwing down with the other goalie?"
Forgot the Are you serious?!
"Yeah don't waste time passing to Ronaldo anymore he's been shit lol Judging off this season, you should be passing to James."
Why are they throwing themselves? Stabilised Star Trek
"A real leader like Matt Ryan would have taken that team to the Superbowl I forget that Jay Cutler played in a Championship Game. Hell, I forget that Bears team won the division. Imagine if they had won and went to the Super Bowl..."
Maybe we'll finally get the ultra violent Green Lantern sequel we've been waiting for. James Gunn Is Worried Hollywood Will Learn the Wrong Lessons From Deadpool.
"You forgot the uncounterability clause The thing I've been waiting for the ""Blue Decay."" I.e. 1U Instant Counter target spell with converted mana cost 3 or less. It's a hard counter, but one with counterplay. It's better than Mana Leak, but not strictly better. It doesn't straight up brick any deck in the format, and fits along the Abrupt Decay/Inquisition of Kozilek lines. I feel like this is a card that would routinely be run as a 4-of, but wouldn't warp the meta around itself."
"He is entitled since he is a big streamer. Streamers commission staking on stream? I have just watched both Alfierules and Skill Specs both taking commission when staking for someone else which is against in-game rules and twitch...not to mention just staking for someone else on stream isn't allowed. Is nothing going to be done about this, they've obviously been told the consequences before and know about them. Really really unfair that they are allowed to perform things such as this while the rest of us are banned for it."
so clever and unique.... I'm in the Jehova's Witness protection program.
"bro, it's 2016 African American Knights open up your mind Yeah, but moats just invite mosquitoes and black knights"
What an exceptional and pioneer move to post this song in this sub. Burial + Four Tet - Nova
"Hes clearly gearing up for that Nascar run soon. Why do you people think Kimi cant race anymore? If he has a clean race, the Ferrari is the second fastest car so he will get the podium."
Somebody do something. Muhammad is now the most popular baby name in U.K.
Must be rough living there... Municipal Internet upgrading bandwidth one gigabit to two gigabits while dropping price.
it's an elf it's on the thumbnail I'm not sure if it's even human.
"Ooh that poor victim Zuckerberg.. A Pakistani extremist wanted me dead, says Mark Zuckerberg"
STORM CONFIRMED MaRo Hints at an Upcoming Returning Mechanic; This Demands Speculation
We have an accent? What do you have against the Michigan accent?
"Nice try, we're still pissed off about Elysian! Anheuser-Busch to Deliver More Than 50,000 Cans of Water to Assist Firefighters in Washington"
"He would be the expert - considering how he handles the Kurds Turkish Prime Minister: ""I say that Israel is a terrorist state, and its acts are terrorist acts"""
Let go of the steering wheel. What is the fastest way you could end your life from where you're currently reading?
it's the black ones you gotta watch out for except that a yellow lab can't eat you ;)
"Yeah, because hats take the same amount of work as a building. But wait, we added more hats!!!"
"Yes I am sure people are creaming over his 40k sedan. ""Turnin' Heads"" on the plate. Sounds like a nice guy"
Watchdogs Shadow Raid
"Get out here with your logic and reason you terrorist Not to mention, the TSA could have just sent him on his way, instead of detaining and questioning him for having the law of the land written on his chest. It's not his fault that they saw the Fourth Amendment as a threat."
"Because emus are native to Northern Canada I'm arguing your photo has nothing to do with it snowing in QLD, other than their may be snow involved."
"What if the velocity of the electricity is proportional to the length/resistance of the wire such that it ALWAYS takes 1/143rd of a second to travel from one end to another Electricity takes 1/143 of a second to travel through a wire, regardless of the length of the wire."
It was a steal! Was really hoping for a Wii U Deal or N3DS deal today. The N3DS was discounted from 199.99 to 195.99.
shroud is going to carry them to top 3 major kinda He was the only thing C9 did right on that map. Sitting in Pit he won 2 of their 4 rounds basically himself.
China Town All that protest did was make me want to try dog. Anyone know where I can in Toronto?
but but sex is a RIGHT. This is why I have trouble identifying as Christian
"I think you forgot the Conflict of interest laws, I think? Somebody might want to push through a construction project and offer to boost his book to the top of the NYT / USA Today bestseller list in exchange."
"Obviously there was no free association, zero voluntary exchange, etc. The native population homesteaded it first."
DUDE SPOILERS WTF I think it was pretty well known already that they successfully stole the Death Star plans. :)
It's called the laundry commute :^) Get it all done at mom and dads house But I don't live at my parents house anymore?
"but but I collected enough friend karma to exchange for oral sex Then don't complain when you get ""friendzoned""."
"NO DUDE ITS BAD CUZ EVERYBODY ELSE SAYS THAT IF I PICK OFF META ILL GET KICKED I think the op is directing this towards the people who say ""I'm feeding this game good luck nerds"" and go clarity lee sin. ive had that happen recently where some1 did that to me and i couldn't dodge due to promos"
Ask the uploader. Does video quality degrade on Youtube over time or something?
"That sure takes some of the edge off what she did, doesn't it? True. The correct term, according to Oxford's, is Slaughter. She slaughtered someone's pet."
Don't lie no phone can zoom like iPhone... Nexus 6p
"""I should always pip the killer should never kill me every chase should be a Benny Hill scene till the gates power"" Yes!"
"Obviously we have infinite cap room, it's just that Belichick is too much of a pussy to go out and get Tom the players he needs for his fourth ring Oh, I forgot one! My *biggest* complaint is the dumbass Patriots fans who keep saying we need to make some completely unrealistic free agent acquisitions. I've heard: * Talib *and* another shutdown corner * Larry Fitzgerald * Jimmy Graham * Larry Fitzgerald *and* Jimmy Graham And so on, and so forth . . . It's obviously not going to happen, it's not worth speculating on, we can't afford it and don't even need it . . . but people are still going to be talking about it for *months*. I hate the fucking offseason."
"Everything you just said is 100% right (especially the blue worm shits) but i know this probably wont be fixed because we're just cranky and Edmund can do no wrong Afterbirth Imbalances I just sort of want to rant about this as I've been thinking it more and more as I play the game I really enjoy the game, I'm so very close to 1001% completion (just 3 keeper things and items to find) but ever since Afterbirth came out I can't help but notice how poorly balanced some aspects of the game have become I'm going to start with something that is debatably down to personal opinion, but the blue worm spawners are just bullshit, they are incredibly tanky, the things they generate are incredibly tanky AND charge you down, they spawn them at the same rate the others spawn flies (an enemy that will take at most 2 hits to kil as opposed to like 7 or 8), they move about avoiding you and then when you finally kill it there's a very good chance 1 or 2 more of the blue things will spawn. Now you're in a room with 4 of them, they've all spawned one worm, this room will now take you around 48 tears (that land!) to clear assuming they don't spawn any more worms (which they will). Bad enough, right? Oh but wait, you're in one of those rooms that is just a square ring with 1 of them in each corner, the 2 on your side spawn 1 each which both them charge at you. Guess what! Literally nothing you can do! You can't run away because there's nowhere to run! Now they're both running into you, you're losing health, and you still can't do shit about it because the room hasn't magically changed, and now those bastards are shooting out more worms. I fucking hate them. Moving on, Krampus, he can now spin his lil brimstone bullshit, wonderful. This wouldn't be an issue if it weren't for the fact that if he ends up against a wall, you can't fucking avoid it, he spins, you move with it, oh wait there's a wall in your way and now you've been hit by his laser, literally nothing you can do about it. The Forsaken who has this same function will move into the middle of the room before doing this so you can actually avoid it (unless you're in an L room which is another pile of bullshit) but this was clearly not actually given any thought with Krampus who someone just slapped the buff button on. Small rooms. Or thin rooms. Any room that funnels. Here's a boss that flings bombs that leave creep. Oh look he's spamming his creep explosion. You're now completely locked in and all it took was the first bomb! The second one just landed straight on you! Literally nothing you can do about it. Or here's 2 Monstros in the tiniest room, have fun. Now you're on the chest and you're in a corridor and here's 6 Monstros! They're all just hopping over to you so there's no room to dodge! All such fun! PHD! Basically useless. All those 'neutral' pills that are actually hugely detrimental don't get removed. Sure you don't get the stat downs, but when the alternative is a pill that means you can have both curse of the lost and curse of the maze on a giant dark room layout, I don't think that's smart. Sure, you can avoid it now (if you can remember the ??? doesn't mean you don't know what the pill is) but why is it still in the pool? Because there's no positive counterpart? Just fucking remove it! And oh, look, a pill that causes some people to feel nauseous playing the game, wonderful, I bet that was really planned out with beta testers. Hush. Cool boss design, everything about the fight is really well done, except the health. I understand the idea of the extra hard boss, the bullet hell style of fight, but 90% of the time it's a tedious slog, you can kill him, you know you can kill him, you can dodge the hits, it's just a matter of time, but the time is the issue because it's taking you 5 minutes to kill one thing. This is probably a preference issue but it's incredibly off putting, when you actively don't look forward to something in a game, and not because you're scared it'll kill you, that's likely not a good thing. Angel Rooms. When you have a room that requires some very, very specific criteria to be met to unlock it, you'd expect the contents of said room to be pretty good, right? 3 pennies. Holy Water. 4 spirit hearts behind 4 locks. I'm so glad I ignored Brimstone, Mom's Knife, and Incubus for this. When people will literally throw health away on a permanent level just to get precedent and never ever have to deal with this room, it's not that impressive. Oh I avoided taking any damage on this entire labyrinth floor that didn't drop any soul hearts, killed 2 bosses, and I get an Angel Room, I sure hope Sacred Heart or Godhead is in here! Nah, it's Holy Water. At least it's free! Oh wait I'm The Lost it's literally nothing. And now Devil Deals will never ever turn up again for some reason. (??????) You want to fight Mega Satan (so of course the path to do this gives you exclusively shit items and money) and you've managed to meet the criteria to unlock an Angel room, RNG was on your side and you feel like the completed key piece may eventually be yours, so you go into the room, and it's tiny, super Jesus spawns and proceeds to just buttfuck you into oblivion because he's kinda fast and there's nowhere to run. Somehow you come out on top with 1/2 a heart left and your key piece. Cue the rest of the run not giving you an Angel room because the arbitrary retarded rollercoaster that is the reasoning behind its generation decided you deserved nothing. Cheers game. Rag Man. Why is a boss who fires homing shots (of which the first shot of 4 I swear is a Sacred Heart homing shot) by the fucking dozen able to spawn these spiders that are considerably more tanky than your average spider? At least you can still hurt him while dealing with them temporarily, right? Wrong. He's just upped and decided to spawn 2 of them immediately for literally no reason, and now he's doing it again. Thanks buddy. Greed Mode. A fantastic mix up of the original formula, really love the mode and the idea of it. First floor, first wave, just black flies for like 3 spawns, easy! Not entirely sure why it's a wave but hey not complaining. Next wave, it's those bigger than the smaller spiders that spawn 2 spiders when they die, except there's like 6 of them. Next wave is the same thing, except you haven't dealt with the first ones. You've already been hit, you're Judas, there's nothing you can do except try fighting this ever growing horde of tanky bullshit. Super secret rooms. Why are there just spikes and literal shit in here? Were these rooms that could consist of nothing but hearts or pills that, as we've already discussed, will literally eat your face and cripple you, too good? Did they need to be nerfed? Rooms with fire or spikes right in front of you as you enter them. Why is that a good idea? Do you want people to slowly plod through the game by pausing as they enter each room? The fucking Boss Rush rooms with spikes around the items. Why are items constantly being put behind rocks and spikes? I have no health, or bombs, so now I just can't get an item. The rooms where it happens honestly look shoddy, like the game sort of bugged out for a second. With Boss Rush in particular, what's the fucking point? You already got there in 20 minutes, you met the fairly tight constraints to unlock the 'secret' and now you can't do anything with it. You get there as the Keeper? Enjoy not being able to get hit for the entire event. It's really like you're the original version The Lost! But worse somehow! The fact that some items completely fuck over others you pick up. It's got to the point where I will google item combos to make sure what I'm about to pick up doesn't break the game, and not in a good way. Ludo and Explosivo to name one, literally game losing the moment they collide. There's other shit but I've written a whole bunch of words that few are likely to read, I just wanted to rant because it irks me, the original seemed so much more balanced in comparison, this feels like they just threw shit at the wall to see what stuck and then kept the stuff that didn't stick in it anyway. I'm gonna keep playing the game, I still enjoy it, but it could be so much more. Also why are there no changelogs?"
"Whatever women wants, women gets...unless youre a xenophobic sexist pig who hates gays. How fucking dare ANY man think women are anything but perfect infallible beings. Omg, being this sexist in current year?"
"yeah that ending was really powerful. If you like mindless shooting games, you should probably keep away from this. As for myself, I LOVE great stories and ""different"" games. Mirror's Edge is about Faith, who is, in a nutshell, running on rooftops doing parkour. A gamer that doesn't pay attention to cutscenes or dialogues shouldn't play this. If you enjoy watching cutscenes and follow the story of the characters, this game is absolutely worth buying. Another thing to concider is that the visuals of this game are amazing! The colors are very bright and you will see white and red very often. There might be minor issues with the controls, but the smooth movement across the terrain is fantastic."
Ah sure its his culture and you have to respect it or else you're an evil racist Gardai arrest man as part of investigation into alleged case of female genital mutilation
"Triggered If this 'strucks you in the feels', you're probably emotionally unstable and you need a sticker too."
you must be crazy the media tells me he's crazy 24/7 there's just nothing good to see! He's done plenty of good things for people too but those don't get much attention. Source: Have you heard of the good things he's done?
"""I know so much about the election, I watch John Oliver and CNN after dinner!"" College educated or not, Clinton voters can't call themselves high-information voters. Not with a straight face."
But they never kill anyone so its totally fine Seriously could anyone imagine living somewhere where rockets are such a part of every day life that you need an app to keep safe? You know things are pretty messed up if an App is made for rocket attacks.
"Yeah but Sufjan just copies Queen in all his songs This century we've had Arcade Fire, Kanye West, Swans revival, Sufjan Stevens, Queens of the Stone Age and The White Stripes. It's been pretty shit tbh"
idk if it has already been said but: kioshima who was .19?
"Look, it is very simple, everything should be posted ONCE and if you miss it then that is what search is for. Just because you have seen it before doesn't mean every one on Reddit has."
"Yeah how dare you complain about technical issues that don't get fixed heathens! No more lag posts. I see one at least 3 times a day. Unturned is not very good in MP and is utterly broken in hand-to-hand combat. Either restart the game, verify game cache files to stop the crashing on the startup screen. Or delete the mods then reinstall after the EXTINCTION EVENT (otherwise known as a Friday patch.). Please stop them. They're worse than this post. And tank posts. And of all my suggestions aswell."
"""Apparently that's a real thing"" is a perfect way to wave off criticism for something you said This lady figured it out! It's all OUR FAULT!"
"HAHAHAHA YOU SAID TO SOMETHING INSTEAD OF TO DO SOMETHING, MORON! My Co worker is totally out to destroy me. No prisoners, no compromise, no truce. When I am in the same room it's like a dog with it's hair up and growling, waiting for me to something they can criticize. Obviously, we don't talk, at all. It's behind my back subterfuge."
"But don't you know, 14-0 in the ACC is roughly equivalent to 7-6 in the SEC. That many people think it will be a blowout? Damn. We're not MSU, folks. I'm not gonna guarantee a win but damn that's harsh. No respect for Clemson, guess 14-0 wasn't enough for y'all."
AHHAHA AMD GET #REKT NO FUCKING DRIVERS AND UR GETTING BANKRUPT IN 2 DAYS CANT WAIT FOR THE DAY WHEN INTEL GETS TO BYPASS US LAWS AND MONOPOLISES AMD GET FUCKING REKT NOOBS #Nvidia4Lif$$$$ Nvidia boys point of view
I am human dumpster; I only require caloric quotient to be met. Do you think that the average person evaluates food resources on a calorie basis?
"Because drug users are horrible people to begin with. Nah, since it's the ""undesirables"" who are dying"
Please label your porn. Nyle Winking
"I think trumps spray on tan is just glorious I like tan skin, but there's a point that many people go past where it looks ugly."
"Not even the same generation Sony, WTF... When cosplay is too sexy"
You forgot the I am pretty enthusiastic about having Hillary Clinton in office.
"Wow, because you were *so* kind to let him have 50/50 custody, he should just get over you cheating on him. Connecticut, where we live, is a no fault state. He couldn't have done that. I LET him have 50/50 custody."
"Not much of a master race huh Why is the PC port so bad? I've been talking to a few of my friends who have been playing MGS5 on PC and we're all huge fans of the franchise, but we've all been having the same complaints. graphically the game is amazing, a total 10/10 experience. I haven't had any crashes or noticeable bugs whatsoever but what the hell is with the super lazy port? There's no audio controls in the game, they just assume you're using a TV I guess, the controls layout is literally an xbox controller, in game when you're given instructions on how to do something new, its all D pads and joy sticks. I even have to fight my iDroid when I'm selecting a helicopter extraction. The cursor keeps snapping to everything I don't want it to. What if I don't have a gamepad? what If I want to play my PC game on my PC like a PC game should be played? I shouldn't have to go out and buy a controller just to play the game. Also, I can tell the D-horse was meant to be controlled with a joystick. pressing Q and E when you're riding it is like George Kastanza dodging fucking raccoons. I feel like I'm riding a formula D drift horse sponsored by monster energy drink when I'm trying to go around rocks. All in all, I am sort of enjoying the game. The sneaking is fun, the shooting is satisfying but I have to say, its probably the soppiest PC port in recent time and this is from friggn Konami. TL;DR: the game is fun on console, but on PC its really pretty Ebola"
Because reddit is a dark and scary place. I kind of dont get why people PM instead of just laying it out in the thread for all to see. it means something about how they feel about the content of their comment that they dont want other people to see it.
Which is why every country in europe is crushed with the cost of their healthcare system with far worse outcomes than the US. And same thing will happen with Vermont they will find out how much it will cost and abandon it.
"Sorry it bothered you so much. OP, how can you make a post like this without checking the title before saving? This is clearly a PAINT**ING** not a ""paint"". And as long as I'm being critical, you should write, ""I'm guessing it was AN ad for ..."""
"Because ""illegals"" can vote right? You have no clue how many are here and nobody else does either. When is the limit? When the democrats have enough guaranteed votes to control the country indefinitely?"
"Didn't even believe in your team, what a bandwagoner! Preseason was Falcons-Bengals. Obviously one side is completely off. Seahawks-Bengals."
dasar antek pe ka i Malang-Surabaya Train Project Offered to Russia
I'm sure if Rosie were in benghazi Trump would save her. FWD: 9/11/2012 NEVER FORGET
"""We ain't come to play SCHOOL, classes are POINTLESS"" -Definitely a starting QB Marv would be proud of Let us end the pain and bring forth the LORD"
"Stop trying to be rational. How exactly would one ""reenact"" 9/11?"
"Thank you for your logical input Honestly speaking, I don't understand why teams want to go to worlds. they will get stomped by FNC"
"Oh, well, we can slash the aid budget then One in four Britons have donated to Nepal Earthquake Appeal"
"God forbid (no pun intended) that someone who is religious expresses their love for a book that is thought provoking and happens to be a religious text as well, on a subreddit about *books* no less. ""Hello, I am yet another Christian who is woefully unacquainted with my own holy book. I only talk and think about the parts that support my narrow world view. Won't you join me?"" There are Christian on reddit - but there is a reason they all hang out in their own little subs."
"Yeah I feel real bad, I wish he was still here so he could keep throwing gay people in concentration camps. You say this based on what you've been taught in the united States, where Cuba is bad and communist and is so close to Florida and is a huge threat to democracy for some reason. As someone from the Caribbean, his death saddens me more than i can say here without Reddit jumping down my throat."
So that's like a 8-9g blunt? How do you like my new Blunt-Rolling Machine?
*shhhh* you're not being open minded enough for reddit I'd like to ask the 2 people who just downvoted me if they honestly think that having sexual contact with a dog is NOT off limits.
I require a credible source for your assumption. It's amazing how physically preventing people from crossing into a territory physically prevents people from crossing into a territory. Who would've guessed?
"Careful, SRS will say you're inciting violence. Yeah fuck that bitch. Call me an asshole guys, but I don't know if I would not have punched her in the face for that. That shit is as close to evil as you can get"
"Oh yeah, well Obama said you can keep you health insurance if you like it, so there. Dick Cheney calls Senate torture report ""full of crap"" and claims that Bush knew of the tactics the whole time"
"You mean to tell me you don't enjoy.. ""Light em up up up...I'm on fiiiiiiiiiiiiiire"" Opinions about the soundtrack? I personally haven't enjoyed it and I feel it's the weakest one to date. I'd almost prefer the soundtrack from NHL 94 on my SNES over this."
"Of course it's staged, because things like this, and people who think like this don't exist! Neat. I still believe it's a sensationalist title, and no one here has even addressed the speculation that she's an employee of the university. I wouldn't be surprised if there were just students, or even if it's staged."
here you dropped this: That never happens on reddit
"Hi, I play hardcore so I think I'm the shit Am I really the only one who thinks a Grift should end when you die? I was really, really surprised when I died in there for my first time and I could continue, just feels wrong to me."
"3rd party hiring, that'll work out GREAT. Nothing concrete yet since it has not been officially announced obviously. After the fiscal new year and all the meetings there will be announcements. 2 years ago ZMS's were eliminated, last year back office/accounting and next will be further shrinking of non salesfloor positions. That is what was said in the meetings last year and the year before. They have been correct each time so I'm certain this time next year training coordinators and perhaps personnel will be a thing of the past. There has been testing of a 3rd party company doing the hiring/GLMS work so we will see."
But mah traditions! They do NOT need to be that close to the cars. Something needs to be done here. Put up some sort of thing that disallows spectators from getting too close to the cars.
obviously your cosplay was not good enough As someone in a selected section fully decked out in a windranger cosplay... I was heartbroken to not be picked.
"Hey, they're BIO deGRADEABLE, maaaaaan, ain't hurtin' no one dude. Don't forget your poop bags so you can fill them and proceed to leave them on the trail."
But they probably won't though so I guess that's that I 100% agree with you. I wish they would give it to someone not already established.
Very unbiased article Donald Trump: Only rich people should be allowed to play golf
"Yeah son don' make dem good 'cisions I was never a big fan of his, but with the ball shot and completely fucking us at the end of the game.... I dunno man I'll just be glad to see him gone"
He did such a sterling job with the last 5* QB transfer. I wouldn't hate to see him go to KU and see what happens under Weis.
"because ninth graders are super concerned about imaginary sexism and not at all about their social reputations. I remember 9th grade quite well, however the problem is that girls should go up to guys and start it if they're interested. It shouldn't always lie on the guy's shoulders. That was when we had chivalry and all that other sexist stay in the kitchen shit. So unless you want to go back to that, learn that you're now considered equals and should also contribute equally to relationships, i.e. trying to help create them as well... go figure"
Yeah who has time to report things or vote lol You must have a lot of time on your hands
found the republican ;) I am a constituent of Scalise. This scandal is news to me. So... I DIDN'T know exactly what I was getting.
"Ah yes, there was totally no accidental subtext added there at all thanks to them being sisters. We italian fans are already pretty sure Ruby and Sapphire are gonna be gal pals or sisters. After all, it worked years ago for Sailor Moon."
Dats misogyny bruh. Clearly... buncha whiny bitches
"That's discrimination against dogs you bigot. You're probably right. Probably most of them were reasonably well behaved, but I don't have much sympathy. Lie down with dogs, you get fleas."
"Because the losing team never has highlights or good plays This needs to be upvoted, as these kinds of posts are a huge indirect spoiler, as plays by the losing team is hardly ever posted, you might as well have posted ""Congratulations EG""."
"[And Holden on Tuesday told POLITICO that the document shredding was unrelated to concerns about possible investigations from a Democratic Senate,] Um, yeah. Behind the retreat of the Koch brothers' operation"
Vaping still causes popcorn cancer though. Smokers who Switch to Vaping Likely to Have Fewer Respiratory Infections - New Study from Queen Mary University of London
It's hanged You gotta be hung
I'm sure a total noob who was 30 levels behind you had all the idea of what you were doing to them. I gave up on trying to help the alliance out way back in vanilla after I would mind control+power word fortitude lowbies only to have most of them attempt to attack me after. Dude you are 30 levels below me I could splatter you on the ground already if I had wanted to.
Rito just found a new reason to disable Rengar again in the LCS This Rengar bug scared the ever living shit out of me...
"Heaven forbid someone actually ask an MTL something. Please contact your MTL, that's what they're there for. They can be really helpful."
"You can't say crap like that here tbh this seems an oil crash is a problem that would affect any economy that is reliant on high oil prices, no matter if that economy is socialist or capitalist or feudalist or any other ist."
Well to be honest we don't really know the motivation... Mali declares 3-month state of emergency as Islamist violence surges
It sure did in America! Might as well stop the use of alcohol while they're at it. It will work just as well.
"but c'mon, NOBODY does that the mizugaki TJ deserved the shot after beating the no.1 contender over the guy who just beat the ~15th contender."
"what's an SO? Guys/Gals, How do you spice things up in the bedroom with your SO?"
"Nice to meet you as well, although I swear I've met you before somewhere... The first post Hello everyone. Nice to meet you."
"I bet if they had more guns it would be lower 1.1 murders per 100,000 population, and a solve rate of 96% on those murders. Don't try to imply Japanese police as incompetent."
"Especially for the guy with a masters in medieval romance novels. Austin (talking about The Crow): ""Cuz they raped her and stuff and it was brutal."" Austin has such a way with words."
Good idea.... Or just give people unlimited.
"WOW NO WAY, I NEVER KNEW THIS Apparently DIG is consistent across multiple games."
Please mark your gore posts nsfw Half way done
Sounds like it's time for those divorce papers. My cat tried to eat my new bro and my husband was fine with it!!
"That battle with Alonso where he didn't make the pass because VETTEL CAN'T PASS? Ricciardio is no doubt the smoother driver, the tire wear differences this season demonstrate that perfectly. IMO, what makes Seb a great driver is what's hurting him in the current formula. Over the past 4 or 5 seasons he's become a master essentially throwing the car around and pushing it to the limits through the corners, while making few mistakes. This is why he won so many races compared to Webber, he had the perfect driving style for the regulations, and the best car for the regulations. You simply can't drive that way with these cars, so we've seen Seb struggle to adapt to the style these cars demand, but I think his battle with Alonso demonstrated perfectly some of the adjustments he's made while still maintaining his aggressive style. As he gets more comfortable with these cars, Red Bull will find more and more traction which will be a deadly combo. I'd imagine Seb will take at least a few of the races following the summer break."
"That will definitely help me right now thanks! I can't diagnose you, but some of what you describe sounds like social anxiety. Your gf will prob be leaving you soon, if she isn't already cheating on you."
The dystopian nightmare that is France. Refugees? What refugees? What are they running from?
"Surprised the person who found it wasn't charged with ""prohibited possession of a restricted firearm without a license"". Gun found in Glenmore Reservoir linked to 1981 armoured car heist"
Hillary has never risen in the polls. Every fucking day it gets worse and worse for Trump. I love it.
"You are arguing to change the mind of a person who has no lenience, you are wrong and he is right why can't you just accept that? Are you saying the CIA has concentration Camps? LOL you are so deluded I don't know how to get to you. Provide some evidence the CIA is this bad and I will see then."
ZMF Obsolete The ZMF Omni is undergoing an identity crisis!
"That's a complete misconception, GG is totally left wing! Donald Trump is the Gamergate of Republican politics"
"cause from the thumbnail, he *totally* doesn't look Russian at all TIL that in 1987, FBI agent Robert Hanssen was tasked by his superiors to find a mole within the agency after the FBI's moles in the KGB were caught. In reality, he was the mole, working with the KGB since 1979."
"No, Arin doesn't like cutscenes with subtitles, therefore it's objectively bad game design and just the worst thing in general. I do wish they'd have turned the subtitles on for this one. As much for their benefit as the audience's."
"No, we couples lock them in for the night. Do singles go out on NYE? I am in a pickle and going to a possible party with my two good friends who are a couple. It is a party that we have to pay to get in and everything. Problem is, i am single. I want to meet people at this NYE party but will there be actual girls there or am I setting myself up for a disappointing night? I am not looking for a hookup. Mostly a person to dance with and possibly kiss at midnight."
"I thought his name was Barack now Will there be another ""Hitler"" and when do you think that will happen? Also when do you think ""Hitler"" will be removed as the placeholder of evil? Will my/your great-great-great grandkids try to use ""Hitler"" to bolster some argument?"
"""But, like, you just want to kill brown people"" And this is why I believe strongly in the 2nd Amendment... For those who want me to give up those rights... Why? So I can put my safety in the hands of men who, obviously, would hold NO qualms in attacking innocent news bystanders filming the events? Who are there because ANOTHER officer had no qualms in gunning down an unarmed 18 year old boy (regardless of race)? Such police should not be trusted, and when you are asking people to trust them despite the crimes they commit? That's when its just, you've lost touch with reality..."
"Yes, for all those NBA fans who have no idea who Michael Jordan was, or know that he was good. You've probably seen Shaq in his prime. You were there for Kobe's prime. Dirk is a baller. You've definitely seen LeBron in his prime. The 4 of them combined can't touch what witnesses witnessed with the GOAT"
Because constantly insulting the person is REALLY going to turn them on A dating app conversation that went really south (xpost r/tinder)
"Dude, the Wii is kinda old, and I have enough friends. Just got Wii u need friends!! Got my Wii u and need friends. Please add me. Will be getting most first party games ssb,splatoon, mk8 etc. My nnid is JimmyBones79 Please add me."
It doesn't? Don't blame the toy for the bad grades. That's like saying alcohol makes girls pregnant.
"Ah yes the western world, such a savior of freedom of speech and political freedom, it's almost as if capitalism is exploiting someone can't put my finger on it That's probably really interesting but let's face it... Africans are test subjects, Africa is a resource mine. Middle Easterns are target practice, the Middle East is a oil well. Asia is a desert and Asians are good workers and the world is the wests oyster..."
PETA would just love this idea. We should really be teaching them either boxing or MMA. This is pretty sad to see them waist their strength with this tantrum. They look like drunk children
yeah... well he hated you first. Kovalchuk.
"We won't get it this week, just to keep up with expectations. so when will wee see the heist? It says at least 1 time on weekdays..tomorrow is the last day I invested alot in those damn and USELESS scoundrels now I need my money back"
Very old stock Canadians? Who are they to decide who a real Canadian is?
"Yes, throw that badly spelled please in there... of course I'll forget you're being inappropriate and gross... ""just answer ..pls"""
"Sounds like me trying to build an army in Civilization It would be lunacy for the Red Army to go on the offensive in 1941. Here's why: The army was recently enlarged, and there was a shortage of command staff at basically every level. Many officers were catapulted up the chain of command without enough time to get the hang of their existing rank. These drawbacks could only be resolved in one way, through holding exercises, but large scale exercises had not been held for some time. Polish resistance was nearly absent during the campaign in 1939, and the army was feverishly working to process the experience from the Winter War. The state of the tank forces was especially sad. The old models of tanks were worn out with catastrophically few spare parts available. The new tanks were a whole different set of problems. Not only have the manuals not been written yet for the T-34, KV, and T-40, they were scheduled to be completed late in the year. Meanwhile, the tanks were worth their weight in gold and hoarded instead of being run into the ground in training. On one hand, the crews weren't ready to fight, on the other hand the factories had no worn-out engines to analyze in order to make improvements. Not that it mattered much: the T-34 and KV were already old news, production was gearing up for the T-34M and KV-3. The KV-4 and KV-5 were to be built next year, and only then would the heavy tank of the Red Army finally decided on. Things were going even worse with the T-50, the replacement for the obsolete T-26 tank. The prototype was more or less in an acceptable state, but it was unclear where to build parts for the tank. The engine was also a sore spot. Same as with the T-34, there was no manual written for this tank, crews have not yet been trained. Tanks are my specialty, so I know mostly about those deficiencies in the pre-war Red Army, but I'm sure that the state of the navy and air force were comparable. There was absolutely no way an invasion could have taken place in 1941."
About time Emily is banned!
unfortunately the season was cancelled by a lockout so there wasn't a final Odd question but are there highlights of the 1996 whl finals anywhere? I can't find any for the life of me and it's pissing me off.
"If getting to your job on time is more important than acknowledging my political views, you obviously deserve to lose your job. Good protests and protesters aren't the ones that cause inconvenience. Good protests cause the opponent to inconvenience themselves and when they join into the cause, the inconveniences end. This is why things like the lunch counter sit ins back in the 60's were so damn effective. The inconveniences caused could have ended when shop owners just said, ""fine, what will you be having for lunch?"" Being obstructing for the sake of obstructing only serves to alienate opponents and neutral parties to your cause. That's why BLM protests are so spurned and why people don't take the movement seriously. The lack of leadership and thought that goes into actually planning the protests just serves to hurt their message and it's not going to work any better than if they stood clear of roadways."
IT'S DIFFERENT FROM TTR WE HAS DOODELS AND PATIES AND FIXED REACING. Is Toontown Stride a new server or something?
You don't love having the same thing posted 3 times a day? Stop. Posting. Whiny transfer threads. Why is this a thing?
"Hey, at least you didn't get Alford out of it! Decided to open up a TOTW Pack......"
"That can't be real, it looks nothing like Luke Skywalker. This guy claims to have a Die Cast prototype of Kylo Ren's head without the helmet."
"Yeah and you pretend that people can fake sexual orientation This concept only works if you ignore the idea that sexual preference and identity is on a sliding scale, not a toggle switch."
yeah because women dont watch porn Feminists conservatives criminalizing male sexuality again.
"""How can you have morals without religion/god/Jesus?"" PortOPotties denied to atheists"
Breaking news: Another 1st overall bust for Edmonton! The secret to containing Connor McDavid? Oshawa may have figured it out
"How generous of Sony, it's as if they never promised not to charge for multiplayer in the first place ! Free Online Multiplayer for All PS4 Players This Weekend"
"I mean at their speed of releasing content those are minor bugs Summary: Tauntable Gruul, 2202 dps mage, 865 dps prot warrior, Double tier tokens. Discuss."
"Yeah, that pesky law allowing slaves was so much better than this. Actually he said it was the worst law in the history of man."
"Look at you Mister Hotshot knows about instruments! This is not a Mariachi. There's a drum set in the back. These guys are probably playing ""Cumbias"" because of the accordion."
"Fucking socialist Damn. I can not imagine living like that. It's fucking 2015. We have Internet, drones, cars that drive themselves, holograms, go to the fucking moon and back, all types of technological advancements that our ancestors could never ever have dreamed of and these poor people in that side of the world still live like this? Humans need to fucking change, man. We need to fix this world together and eliminate evil and cultivate a peace and loving culture so that mankind can appreciate Life and what short time we have to experience it."
I'm sorry for your loss ;p I have IOS :(
"I'm so truly sorry some people don't speak American English By that logic I should call my differential equations class diff eqs, but I don't. And nobody else does either, not even in England because it sounds stupid. Granted, not as stupid as maths, but still pretty stupid."
fucking rangers fans smh Pretty sure if it had the guy would have been beaten to a pulp by the end of the silence.
"Few words with 3 syllables, down voted I know exactly what you mean, at let me tell you what we're going to do about it. We're gonna... we're gonna get the people together, because a lot of people are mad. MAD, you hear me? And I understand it, I'm mad too! I'm tired of these do-nothing bureaucrats spinning the wheels and getting nothing done. It's time for us to sack up, grab our huge, mighty, manly penises, and make American great again."
"But he said ""LoL"" so that makes it ok Somehow that makes it creepier."
"Yeah, because in no way would it be exciting to see him compete with more top tier lightweights. Hopefully he doesn't go to the clown show that is UFC."
"Yeah but you can't until I give consent. Yes, me too."
"But but Apple always makes sure to remind me of their Eco initiatives! Prius is at least eco friendly, mac isn't even that."
"Wow you seem so informed One thing I rarely see brought up in discussions about new helmets is that no matter how good your helmet is, there is still NOTHING to prevent the brain from slamming into the skull when a collision occurs. Yes, better helmets can help reduce the effects and redirect the force, but the fact of the matter is that if a player is going from ~17 to 0 MPH on impact, their brain is also going from ~17 to 0 MPH...and there is no way to insert any kind of protection between a player's skull and brain."
Definitely worse than the Holocaust. Really? This is the low point of humanity? Relax dude
"And who saw that coming? In 1994, the ANC essentially ended apartheid in South Africa. This was great, and Nelson Mandela was great, and South Africa really did well in the late 90s. However, since Mandela's term ended, the party has been getting more and more corrupt, nepotist, and incompetent. It's at the point today where South Africa's government is actually a joke. And yet people *still* vote them in every year, out of some twisted sense of ""we owe them for liberating us"". That was the *old* ANC, and it's long gone. The current leaders of this country are ridiculous. Corruption is out of control. 20 years on and the majority of the black population still live in poverty. Nothing will change unless the voters wake the fuck up, but with the government keeping the poor uneducated and promising false promises, nothing will change. I can only hope that as the middle class grows and as education improves, more people will wake up and turn to opposition parties. But at this point, the ANC is the worst thing to happen to this country."
"Nah, google + integration is better. It wouldn't be as shitty if they could just thread comments."
"But they're the job creators! So...why is it bad when a union employee gets a cushy pension plan but when a CEO rapes his company and investors to get an offensively large retirement package, nobody so much as blinks?"
"i kindof figured...your message was disjointed but missed the I'm agreeing with you BTW, and was being sarcastic when I said we are not the Nazis."
A timex. I want a watch. What do you have and what do I need? I need a watch. But I don't know what is good and what is just over priced junk. I want something durable and worth buying but not to expensive. What do you recommend?
It's almost as if Apple had planned this before releasing the phone. I am so impressed by the iPhone 6/6+ scaling. Its worked flawlessly so far. Amazing. As title says really. They really pulled it out the bag with this one. Didn't have to do anything - apps just worked in the sim. Well done Apple.
"bitch are you on drugs Okay, but was there sugar in it?"
Definitely the best way to attract women to bitcoin. This Is Gentlemen
I know it was a joke but I should have known better than to not put the I hate this sentiment. You can cherry pick lines like this from even people like Nas and the other most esteemed lyricists of music... It's just a shallow and ignorant attack..
My roommate is Mexican and uses Android Pay at most of the places I use it. I'm waiting for the feature that will let you pay without having to be American.
"I think they need to make the video a little faster, I can still almost tell what is going on ADWLauncher is back!"
"It shouldn't, in the primitive days you don't have weeks to get food ^ This! Dude is so awesome. I'm not surprised he doesn't upload very often though considering some of the stuff he does takes literally weeks to do."
"I think he's busy doing some shopping at the moment, might be free later. BOURNEMOUTH FANS NEEDED. Hi guys, We are looking for someone to write the Bournemouth team guide. If anyone Bournemouth fans out there are are weighing up the idea then itd be fantastic. Callum - FPL Bet."
"Women are robots and by her touching it, she demagnetized the key. Maybe the key in't going to work now that a *girl* touched it. Man I'd love to ask him what his reasoning was... I imagine the mental gymnastics required would have him pulling at least 5 G's."
Journalism at its finest ladies and gentlemen! Fox News' Tucker Carlson *admits* sending emails posing as Keith Olbermann.
Three years just for some karma? Great question! Around a year each. She would stitch while relaxing at home in the evenings. She made great progress on weekends and holidays.
Maybe he was thinking about converting to Islam? . . . yay. At least it means we can discuss what he did and why he did it with a little less hysterical rhetoric.
"jokes on you... she didn't notice you have a FreeSync panel 6 months ago I had to sell my graphics card when I lost my job, today, my girlfriend came home with this..."
No pockets 0/10 I also own a micro.
"No worries, its a very white state. Hillary Clinton's crucial advantage over Bernie Sanders in Nevada may be evaporating"
"Those rich greedy bastards! If you make more than $34,000 annually, you ARE the 1%. 6.97 billion people make less money than you do. The median income for the world is $1,250 per year. The poorest 5% of Americans are better off financially than 2/3rd's of the entire world."
"Yeah thanks to our white Christian superiority, the USSR was able to break up with no lasting social problems plaguing its former members, unlike those barbaric Muslims. Wars and conflict did happen and broke such unions apart from the outside and inside (Yugoslavia as you say, Ottoman Empire, USSR, countless others)"
"Ubisoft happened to it. What the hell happened to hit registration? This patch has fucked hit reg up so bad now, I've headshotted people and they either get downed or it takes around 15 more shots"
Because increasing business in this country that will create jobs and tax income for the government would be awful. Wasn't Bill Clinton just on CNBC stating he would like to lower the corporate tax rate? Both sides are a bunch of corrupt corporatists.
I think he's just trying to put a lot of words that start with I because he's so funny Does anyone understand what he is saying?
"Never bow to the communist agenda. This subreddit is unofficial and dead. Please join the official StarCraft subreddit with over 175,000 subscribers by clicking this."
"But then how would you know what an amazing mom she is! Goddang, that site is aggravating. I don't need your life story, girl. Just fork over the recipe."
"It's not the fact that you got a wellness exam that makes you a whore; it is the fact that you bleed for a week and don't die that makes you a whore. This morning I had my woman's wellness exam, and as I was leaving the clinic a pro-life protester called me a whore. Ironically that facility doesn't provide abortions. I didn't realize getting cancer screenings made me a whore?"
"You mean you don't love the Bad Cosmic King of Bad News Wasteland Barrett? 1. I wish they'd just drop the king thing. 2. I thought it would be BNB and Rusev, not Sheamus."
"If you don't put in Tiencha I will be disappointed. we're planning on doing the most important of Z, the movies, and DBS"
"Sigh... Err, no. I'm not sure what the ""fix"" would be other than blocking as many of those sites as you can, but the main thing would be perhaps to talk to your teenagers and explain how/why porn is different to real life"
"I've burnt my flash because of this before, thats why im stuck in elo hell gg or when her model just randomly appeared"
Who cares about sniper mains right? Fair points. Though obviously removing a class would lose the game many players that mained or enjoyed that class.
"Okayyy, let the complain about Amethyst thread commence... Amethyst has no chill"
"Cuz we all know you can't get any precise aim on a console at all Similar to any standard FPS. Thought having actual abilities on keys like E is a bit unusual. And no, I wouldn't want to play this on a console. it requires precise aim."
Where else would you get the 150 million? Why not?
Only hackers can use vanilla server and play for free! Just because they play wow and lol they think they are computer hackers and programming experts.
"I'm pretty sure that Squirtle's dad is a Blastoise, but I might be mistaken. I'm pretty sure that Squirtle's dad is a Ditto"
Aww man guess I Can't have jump on my scroll then binds are not allowed... lel
"Yeah this can't possibly be true because cars can't be in the forest. Um, bullshit? Why is it in the forest?"
"Except it's not a ""religious group"" I mean yeah, they open and close with a prayer and make a point that you can't be sober without God and prayer and people talk about god the whole time, but I mean, what's religious about that, right? I really don't believe the courts should be allowed to send a person there. It's a religious group. The courts should have nothing to do with religion."
"Yes, I definitely will be lining up to dump my BTC and buy eFEDs! St Louis Fed's David Andolfatto suggests central banks should issue their own cryptocurrency"
"Getting killed as a white person is justice, getting killed as a black person is RACISM. This fucking clown hasn't seen the stat of how many whites are killed by police."
"Omg but Iran is just as bad. Oh, so then they can turn around and fund some more people to fly planes into our buildings because of our Middle East presence? I'd rather cozy up with Iran."
"Cuz ""shillary"" Mods, if my ""anti-trump"" post didn't have to do with Catholic Politics, why does this stay up?"
And none of this sissy right-turn crap! HERE IN GOOD OL MURICA WE DON'T NEED YOUR EUROTRASH SURVEYS. WE GOT DEEP FRIED BEER AND NASCAR!!!!
Good luck finding a seat..... I'm going to Nickelback at Red Rocks in July.
"Um, her name was Harriet Tubman! Maya Angelou sat on that bus"
"Man, look at all the weapons they found. Iraqi army &amp; HashdShaabi shows parachutes inside baiji airdropped by the US planes to ISIS food &amp; weapons."
"I don't know why people are dowvoting you, this clearly has nothing to do with video games. Cool, but what does this have to do with gaming?"
"# lackofmotivationshaming # lazynessshaming It's so sad that the world only values people who are willing to put in hard work I also find it hilarious how uneducated feminists are. They scribbled 'stop encouraging women to starve themselves.' your body doesn't look like that model by starving herself. You look like shit if you do it by starvation. To get a body like hers though? That's 5 highly nutritious, low calorie meals spread throughout the day, plus she probably got her Ass in the gym 5 days a week. She worked hard for that body and no o e can take that from her."
"There must be really good hospitals in Switzerland QATAR: Qatari Emir Breaks Leg, Royals Rush To Switzerland In 9 Planes"
"By the time Turkey is ready we'll be a Islamic caliphate anyway.... David Cameron: 'I still want Turkey to join EU, despite migrant fears.' The Prime Minister says a European Union without Turkey is 'not stronger but weaker'"
"Funny, phasing out door to door delivery sounds just like the kind of thing Ford would usually support...after all, the postal workers are just lazy union workers, and delivery at your door is just gravy that can be saved... Rob Ford vows to fight Tories on ending door-to-door mail delivery as he finally addresses drugs questions"
"Belichick sounds so charming. Even With Jermaine Jones, the Revolution Find Themselves Second-Rate Citizens in Foxborough"
We all know its a CIA plot Am not disappointed. But surprised that yours is the only statement saying so. Still waiting to hear it is an Israeli plot to malign Pakistan.
"Yeah, cause Gaza and Nazi Germany/Imperial Japan are completely comparable entities Harsh penalties can lead to surrender instead of stronger resolve as it did with Germany and Japan."
"Poor bankers, I feel sad for them :( The United Kingdom and the European Union are set for a renewed battle, this time over bankers' bonuses. Long story short, the UK says, limiting bonuses for top bankers to 100% of salaries is too harsh!"
"To be fair, everyone knows that picking your own fruit means that you accept money for sexual services. I uploaded a video of me picking apples to Tumblr and then this guy PM'd me o.0"
"You forgot the we need to ban the the_donald and ban all IP ranges supporting trump until the end of the election, trump is literally using the same techniques Hitler did to get elected, he is a crazy reactionary who has no respect for the constitution. A mobster is a MUCH better choice than a psychopath if they think we are willing to cheat already lets do it, lets rip the voice from their throats at every turn, fascists don't deserve rights we learned the hard way they are a threat to everything."
"Because every Muslim believes that we're second class citizens, right? Islam teaches that people of the book should be dhimmis and second class citizens. Funny that. Those catechisms are about building a fraternal society. Surely they don't apply to those hostile or acting in bad faith."
"""Evidence"" is a construct of white male supremacy. You wouldn't even need evidence. It's a sad world we live in."
"Nono, we have been assured CtR always identifies as such, they must be real supporters. CTR invaded this sub hard in last 4 days, don't be surprised. (Not saying op is part of them, but I've seen lots of similar posts with the same substance lately shitting on everyone except Comey and Clinton)"
"It's good though, do you know how many shootings this would have prevented last year alone? Facebook has been closing gun collection groups for quite some time. I know of about a dozen."
"It's all good, the Republicans told us it's god's plan. NASA Warns the U.S. Is Headed for a Disaster We Haven't Seen in 1,000 Years"
"Nah, it just means everybody in the US who isnt white, black, or arab. Dang people still post in that sub? Also, doesn't immigrant just mean you were born in a different country and now you live permanently somewhere else?"
I think you dropped this: I disagree with your assessment and think Battlefront is a great game. The pricetag for the season pass is well worth it and adds a ton to an already phenomenal game.
Obviously we need more government involvement in healthcare. Growing evidence points to systemic troubles in VA healthcare system
That doesn't describe every porn star ever. Supposedly she lost her virginity in the bathroom at school. Was known to party like crazy and sleep around. She got paid 2gs for this video lol.
"If you don't support the refugees you're a racist I agree. Unfortunately when you mention this you get hit back with ""you're only thinking of the homeless because you're anti-refugee""."
But not having to learn something new trumps all other reasons What are their objections other than freaking out because they might have to learn something new?
"I can't believe you had a lag rip with that build! I ran it with a Guardian last league, and we facefucked t13's before a lag rip. Like, absolutely facefucked. And now, **50% MORE**"
One shaped like a vulva is perfectly ok to grab though. # TL;DR: TAC-SAC IS LEGAL FOR YOUR PISTOL AS LONG AS YOU DON'T TOUCH IT!
$47  $46 
but he bows to the Japanese .. how forceful can he be? Clinton reveals how Obama forcibly prevented China's 'secret' meeting with India to isolate US
"Because live shows don't exist. so instead of an admittedly small amount going to the artists whose work you're enjoying, you're happier for them to receive nothing at all."
Grinch I'd Like to Fuck What's a GILF? :o
He already has us up 7-0! Now it's time to bring on The Weedman!
"I was practically swooning from all the romance. Wow, they're just gonna lead with that, huh? Really captures the spirit of Valentine's."
It's like there's no search on this reddit and we haven't talked about this at all this week Still no ps4 update?
"Yeah, because being careless with emails and sexual assault/potential rape are equally bad. LOL so our choices as Americans are a liar who should be indicted and probably jailed OR a piece of shit scum who sexually assaulted women and possible pedophile ... who should also probably be in jail. welcome to America!"
"Standalone launcher doesn't even bother to save my ID half the time, god forbid if it had a password to remember too while you're at it, can i have a ""save password"" option on the launcher? it gets so annoying, i mean i already logged into steam, how many passwords you want me to write?"
"yeah every good player that isn't on TSM is overrated honestly That's what im saying.. Sure, he's played well in those 4 weeks but I mean come on.. He's overhyped. If he played all split and showed us 9 weeks of his style of play, I would think it would be more deserved to be given to Inori. But he didn't."
"Hey man yall just hired a black guy cause we hired a black guy, i mean god come up with your own ideas for once 1st African American coach at Texas. I like his record. Good at recruiting. Just might be a good fit. Let's just hope he can utilize the perks that come with being the head coach at Texas the right way. We'll find out soon enough."
"Yeah, but there's no way they are related. Actual Padme, Leia, Rey"
"It's not really, I like to rope the last turn so I can plan out my next few games. I don't get intentionally roping people. Even if you feel like BM'ing, it's such an unnecessary waste of time. It's like BM'ing yourself along with your opponent. I just don't get it."
"Can say with 100% certainty that we would've won a title under Bradley by now. Would the Eagles be better off now if they had hired Gus Bradley in 2013? Ive been pondering this over the past few days. What Chip did in his three years is nothing short of tearing the offense apart. Jackson, Maclin, and McCoy all gone. It would be interesting to see what Gus would do with the talent he would have inherited. Thoughts?"
"Lindsay is such a strong, bold, powerful woman Nah he isn't disappointing."
"You mean to tell me that the conversations with the holograms didn't do it for you? By the end of the final mission I was BEGGING for someone, ANYONE to show up.... I just kept hoping, but they never came."
"Pissing off the army, whose unofficial order during WW2 was ""No magyar taken alive"", was very smart move. 1956. November 4 The Cccp starts invasion, to crush the Hungarian revolution."
"Obviously more deserving of tournament invites than Team Empire mousesports with Ace, Cr1t, Link, Ryze &amp; syndereN"
"Yeah he ""took"" that money and flip flopped! Sanders takes money from donors and loses while being mathematically eliminated for months. Who's the real liar?"
"Too bad Blake can only dunk. Fadeaway, meet Blake Griffin"
"NO INDISPUTABLE EVIDENCE, BALL'S TRAJECTORY NEEDS TO CHANGE BY 2 FEET NOT ONE The sad thing is that, since that was the punt where everybody but the ref saw the ball hit a Seahawks player, it almost worked out for us."
"This guy is mad, everyone knows dinosaurs are a fraud made by Satan! Ken Ham ""observational science"""
There's gotta be stuff for next year! The one thing I wanted from 2k14's sound presentation.
"Yes, they shouldn't have tried to get back what was theirs. Yeah Ireland shouldn't have attacked Israel, they wouldn't have lost so much land."
"Well she is wrong, obviously. Hit a party last night with a female friend who I know likes me but never said anything. After lot's of drinks, her much hotter friend gave me a BJ. Who is wrong?"
A god Then what the fuck is he?
"Don't worry, it's just satire. This thread is insufferable."
What about our world cup? London is Red. Our updated trophy haul.
"Yeah, OP, why didn't you instantly drop whatever you were doing when this god in human form messaged you? This is what 'not taking a hint' looks like. This guy's a prize alright."
Only if it was Super_Nerd02 My username checks out?
Good job using this meme correctly! To the four Muslims who beat up a gay guy while they were drunk
"Yeah that damned kid should have tried harder to educate people on the other side of the world. Military propaganda + fundie propaganda You know what would be beautiful? If these stupid americunts put down their guns, stop overcompensating for their tiny penises, and instead go over to Afghanistan with books and logic."
wow op nice brains you got there TIL John Dillinger escaped prison by brandishing a wooden pistol. The FBI also used way more money to catch him then he ever stole.
"Ah, its so clear now! No, you see, it's an upside down triangle. The OP is at the bottom and money funnels to him."
"Why, is it an ugly hooker? I'm pretty sure there is something against public indecency."
"At least there is Firefox Hello. Multi-process architecture, Sandboxed plugins, No support for HTML5 in YouTube, UI freeze, 64 bit support. Do you need more reasons to switch?"
Reading is really hard... I said the opposite of that tho?
"Yea, it sucks these Arabs are bringing this rape over with them, because white people obviously don't do that. There are no breaks on the multiculturism-rape train"
Ugh so clear and descriptive in any language. Ugly lightning bolt and thermometer images. Jeez
Damn hyperviolent vidja games making our kids kill people! And I bet the school responded by complaining about how much more violent kids are these days than they used to be.
"This is why we need Harper to steer us in the right direction! Canada may be in recession, PM says in leaders' debate"
This was my primary concern when deciding which way to vote and all I've been thinking about all morning. The U.K has voted to leave the EU. Kickstarters will be affected. Discuss
"I'd go for Nat Pagle since there is a chance that he draws more cards If you want to craft the best all-around legendary that fits into the most decks, it's bloodmage thalnos. Exciting? Nope. But he's a high flexibility/high value card."
"I'm glad you got turned around. And before anyone starts, no I did not shoot this video..."
FUCK YOU YOU SLAVE OWNER My father's family moved here here sometime in the early 1900s. My great-grandpa was one of the first born here in the US in 1907. He married a full-blooded Cherokee woman. My mother's family came to the US sometime after WWI. Some of the far off relatives have French military paperwork for a great-grandfather of mine. Who also married a full-blooded Cherokee woman. I have still been accused of being the reason minorities were ever held back. And I'm a woman. Uhh...did I fucking miss something here??
"Yea, Boston fans are the only people downvoting here. boston fans downvoting in droves this shit is ridiculous"
Well you know men and their delicate dainty sensibilities and their emotional explosivity.... That's.... that's a really ridiculous thing to be offended by.
your ^pitch...
But it's 50% off Can you get this spammy shit out of here? Thanks
"*Thank you for your service* TIL that after a road side bomb killed a Marine, his company invaded two random houses and killed 24 Iraqi men women and children. Only one Marine was charged and served 90 days in jail."
"You forgot this... Typical violent misogynist patriarchal pig, immediately reacts to perfectly reasonable feminism with violence."
Apparently you don't really. I want to be good and find God.
You sound like a top notch contributor to society. Red pill loser married to an idiot? Match made in heaven.
I bet all 6 of the cops wanted him dead and it was their intent to *murder* him. Things have gotten pretty bad when disbelief is our go-to reaction after finding out the law will be applied to those who abuse it.
"Waiting for CCPs presentation video of their new warp in selection interface. Why stop at near and far, Grover? Why not ""warp xk above/below"" our ""warp xk left/right of""?? ;-D"
"Well, you're here, so obviously you weren't righteous enough. Yes. That's part of how I married who I did. What a mistake. Good intentions are not the whole picture. It's how you interact with someone else. Incompatibility is real."
"""What is this disco shit?"" Ya. I need more tame songs that everyone could like, if I did those half the school would be like ""wtf is this rave shit"""
"Not if you cover your scent with patchouli! 10 Things That Happen To Your Body When You Stop Cleaning Yourself For Two Days | You get dirty and people think you smell, 41 clicks saved"
"Come on, man, you need to get your priorities straight and start posting more Other stuff going on"
The trick is to make sure there's more weight outside the SUV - so the SUV won't be hurt in a crash... Who needs a truck when you have an SUV?
"....Do you really have a choice? I've had one grandma die on me, and I can tell you, if another one of them pulls that shit, I'm done with this whole ""having grandmas"" business."
"Remember, its just one bad apple, the rest of them are just fine Deputy accidentally grabs gun instead of taser and shoots suspect."
But unity tho! From politifact's twitter
"You forgot the SPOILER: the secret is not to go forwards or back. It's to go UP. Jump UP when the car is about to hit you, and you will just roll along it's hood/roof and be fine rtust me i'm an expert at this"
OH MY GOD CIS SCUM TRIGGERED ME. Watch strong white woman stand up for her right to be straight!!!1!! Truly an inspiration to us all...
"if they could just get rid of those pesky Palestinians, this wouldn't be a problem... Israel's soaring population: Promised Land running out of room?"
I think it's time you made a post about how opinions aren't allowed on this subreddit. The Japanese aren't as out of touch as you claim they are. Look at Sony. They have an amazing localization company here in the U.S.. Nintendo fo America is a fucking joke.
"People were doing that throughout history all the time, why not make some shekels while doing so? Some days it seems they would gladly sell the noose which they would hang from."
"Alright clever clogs, you tell him how institutional child abuse is Labor's fault and he'll support the enquiry. What the fuck. No seriously what the actual fuck. As if home insulation is more important than child sexual abuse to Brandis."
"He was talking about the Ok kind of rape where the woman acts like she doesn't want it but she does. ""I never bought this idea that ""rape isn't about sex, it's about power"". Sure it can be in some cases, but in others it really about sex."""
But killing people is more important than knowing how the Universe works. 1 aircraft carrier is around 1.5 billion dollars and the stealth B2 Bomber is about 1 billion. And we have tens (hundreds ? ) of those. Priorities FTW.
"Eh I'm a couple pennies short of $350,000. There is one on Ebay right now."
Poor mans Coutinho Ross Barkley goal vs Carlisle (0-3)
"Ya, but what does Bob Flexner know about finishing anyway? Finish both sides? Not necessary."
"Murderer. In all seriousness, this bug would fetch high prices if properly mounted and sold to collectors."
"Who needs science when you have the Bible? The south. *Science-free-zone*, motherfuckers."
Fuck you and your success I had high hopes for today... I was not disappointed!
Hitler was right. What is the most offensive belief you hold?
"Yeah, I hate black people but as long as I don't advocate against them then my hate isn't a bad thing! Im pretty proud to be intolerant of hateful ideas to be honest. I dont mind if someone is religious and thinks homosexuality is disgusting as long as they dont actively treat gay people poorly."
"No, no, because that's totally better than just raping them, that's why MC decided to do it. if memory serves right, they are drugged / under influence of aphrodisiac. because plot."
"Ya, why pay cash when you can give banks interest? Paying cash for everything would simply be wasting money."
you forgot your No because riot is an indie company with 10 developers living on ramen that depend on welfare
Where we're going we don't need space! It really bothers me that the President elect doesn't understand basic concepts like time and space.
"Yes, but unless girls have sex with *them*, they are whores...see? So their argument is that modern women have sex? Don't they want to have sex at some point? If women aren't having sex, who are the expecting to have sex with?"
"I'm offended. Egypt, mexico and the UK"
"speak for yourself He was just stating the fact its not what everyone wants. I, for one, tried ps now and hated the lag that came with it. And not even remotely interested in it."
If he wanted an All Star he clearly would have went with Heatley. Noted All star.
Great... Just got off the crack and now I'm addicted again! This isnt so difficul.... ooh... ahh....ahhh fuck.. fuck fuck fuck damnit!
"Prohibition, it always works. Yup. My state is currently on track to ban this. And they want the penalties to be similar to that of having an ounce of marijuana. The best logic I've heard, simply because it's the only logic I've heard, is that ""we don't need this trash."" Great logic for law making. Honestly, I haven't paid a lot of attention to powdered alcohol, but this video sure makes it look like a terrible way to get drunk. Is there something about it that makes it better than liquid?"
"Can't see why you're complaining OP, you got all the must have Xbone exclusives What getting older looks like"
"I thought future bass was trap and trap was dubstep 023 is officially the first compilation without a single Dubstep song 021 doesn't count because Growing Up, Insight and Pressure were all mislabeled."
"Refuses to defend discrimination, runs a budget surplus he refuses to squander, controls greenhouse gas emissions, really just terrible... I'm willing to throw my Governor in the mix, HELLO California, Governor Jerry Brown!"
I hope your handwriting has improved. This was me ten years ago... and still is now.
"Maybe the Jets follow their trend of bringing in ex-Bears and get Jay Cutler this offseason. New York Jets vs Seattle Seahawks: Official Game Thread - October 02, 2016 ####New York Jets vs Seattle Seahawks, October 02, 2016 - 1:00 PM EST #Please remain civil"
"Oh well, i always wanted to try, i guess, put it in Tumblr, yes, yes without lube. Homophobe scum! You, cishet *man* (ewww) don't get to decide about what you're attracted to. Tumblr decides!"
"What do you mean, all brown people are the same. Appearing ignorant *is* doing it right. Sikhs have died because some dumbfuck racist vigilante thought they were Muslims."
"That'll show the European Union! Man, GB going full old school Empire on this Olympics."
"Naw, you guys will show up I'm sure I smell a beat down in OKC after squandering that one."
Yeah but ROS isn't driving a rigged car. People said HAM WDC confirmed when ROS spun last week. Race is not over till it's over
Mystery is the best defense. The Orthodox view on justification isn't as developed or homogenous as the Catholic view on justification. There is less official doctrine to critique.
May you stand condemned of your own soiled and contaminated mind. Put it in a food processor first.
"And just like his dad and brother he will save us from peace and prosperity. Jeb Bush 'More Than Likely' to Run for President, Son Says"
You guys don't have a quality loss Oh please
"Yeah we should have burst the dikes and flooded the entire country like Nixon wanted to seriously, the fact that the U.S had their hands tied behind their backs when it came to the hoe chi minh trail shows just why we had to leave vietnam."
"Yes, because gloves magically make people more hygienic! This is at Pinecove now. Suddenly I feel dirty for all the nights I drunkenly shoveled popcorn down my throat."
"At least he's being honest Chivalry is not dead, ladies"
"Well, I guess that's the whole point, isn't it? Still funny though"
Decent 5/10 You sir have a penchant for understatement...
yeah because not putting them on the lounge will fix all ddos problems KeyD FalleN about the DDOS problems
Just play a hero which can carry. That's fair. I'm level 130 and I don't even play comp much. It really isn't fun when you just keep getting bad teams. It's way too stressful and not really very rewarding.
"Have a soul, do your weeklys. It's finally over!!"
"sorry, forgot to add I would not make that assumption."
"*incompetate SPELLCHECK, MOTHERFUCKER DO YOU USE IT?! Just the spelling alone shows how fucking incompetent he is..."
Humblebrag for owning a plane. This is how Desmond sleeps on a plane
Max Landis Where'd the term Mary-Sue come from?
"You people are so racist.You need to be more open minded like the Left.I am sure a multi-culture environment ,moderate Muslims along with LOVE,HUGS AND UNICORNS AND RAINBOWS FARTING OUT OF OUR ASS will cause the Terrorist attacks to become unsucessfull In fact ,YOU people are so misinformed, THE ISIS TERRORISTS are actually very kind people and their god is very kind and graceful too Okay that is it for now,I need to go now and hug some immigrants and allow him to grope me,just so he could know how tolerant I am. Islamic State militants planning for 'large-scale' attacks on Europe"
"That's because a girl's virginity and sexual purity is more important and more valuable than a boy's. The problem is they should both be treated like they are wrong, but if it's a male student, people are fine with it."
"Bench Alex Smith, he can't win us games. PSA: The Kansas City Chiefs have won 8 straight divisional games If you or someone you know is in the AFC West, please contact your physician before taking the field against the Chiefs. Only your doctor can tell you the best way to get fucked by the Kansas City Chiefs."
"Isn't Voter Suppression bad? either brigading or suppression. Keep nervously sweating, cucks"
"Hey, I don't like the way you said *black* *Look at those blacks!*"
i really hope this is Its pretty nooby for jdm to say this tbh he should know this would never happen on a 128 tick server
"Canadians only! Legends of Tomorrow - 1x11 ""The Magnificent Eight"" - Post-Episode Discussion (Canada) Since there's a bunch of us now who have watched the episode tonight, and the last discussion thread I saw was deleted, I thought we should have a place to talk about the episode. Not sure if it's ok with the mods though, so take it down if you must."
they were both quite good :D How so?
That's due to the sheer number of mexicans in the states that are now afforded the luxury of celebration. And its celebrated more in the US rather than Mexico.
OP must be spending too much time here so he can't recognize irony without It's a riff on the belief by many feminists that you should accept at face value any accusation of rape.
surprise Tarik C9?
"And I bet he voted Democrat in every election. Suspect who planned to blow up NYC's Washington Arch had ""neo-Nazi affinity"""
"Yeah, but they don't love the guns like we do! There's also a cultural difference here. In Germany, sexuality isn't as taboo as it is here."
"But DRM doesn't work! This is the only thing EA sees when they think about their invasive DRM strategy. If you want to change how they do business, we need to change how we view supporting companies we like. I'm sure 50k people simply ""couldn't afford"" this game on launch."
Multi-GPU keyboards are a thing now? Found this review while looking a cheap keyboards
its not like most players know how to play their champs or game at all So you want to play with people that have all champs unlocked and zero practice with?
thanks obamacare Jack Vale's Colonoscopy Prank
On it Could we add in our own blue door?
Plays at an elite level for a crappy team and then gets traded to a contender in the twilight of his career? Favourite of all time. Here's hoping Mrazek can be the next Dom for us.
cheese manufacturers have been conspiring to poison consumers long enough FDA has announced that it will not allow cheesemakers to ripen or age cheese on wooden boards effectively banning the manufacture or sale of many popular cheeses.
you should see a doctor They started on his FACE. Brutal way to go. Loved the screaming.
"Some of us have a budget, you condescending fuck. Fallout 3 at 2,49 Euro- Fallout 3 GotY at 2,50... well thats a no-brainer"
"Obviously screenshot and post your account as an image to reap the sweet, delicious, karma. After 2 years of waiting, my username is finally relevant!"
Oh but there's no voter fraud going on. Part two of the Project Veritas videos show how to rig an election
"He's hurt man, give him a break. So is Curry a real superstar or an ultimate system player?"
"Finally, all those Japan obsessed weeaboos will be taken seriously! Honestly, I think it makes much more sense to choose your race than to choose your gender. Go for it! Just tell people that you identify as African American. If they argue with you, call them a bigot and a hater that doesn't understand the struggle of being trapped in a body of the wrong race. That you just don't relate to your actual race at all."
I wanted the karma *le cry* :'( This guy just won all my points.
"GTFO, rancid swine. If I passed him on the street I wouldn't think twice about his face. It was only after reading his pathetic Facebook posts and him calling some girl ""rancid swine"" out of nowhere that his ugliness became apparent. I don't care if he comes across my comment someday and finds out a random woman on the internet thinks he's fuck ugly."
#praise the lord and reason for is entire sub I AM STILL HERE
"It's a buff to Piloted Shredder. So it's a new take on Deathlord, seems neat. The obvious weakness is that it's a battlecry now, so keeping it alive, as priest for example, doesn't help it. Maybe the lowered mana cost is enough to make it a great anti aggro card, we'll have to see it in practice."
"Sorry, didn't realise just how furious I was at you It was a cheap dig, calm down"
But it was just edited to make her look bad! he'll see it when he's older and hate his vile excuse for a mother
"LATEST HEADLINE FROM NEW YORK TIMES: #TRUMP TWEETS ABOUT ""ISIS (A GOOD THING)"" Megyn Kelly gets rekt, AGAIN!"
So much for your government grants. We Won't Torture Anymore: The American Psychological Association has officially notified the U.S. government of its new policy barring psychologists from participating in national security interrogations.
"It's about time they got to play outdoors. Let me guess... against the Blackhawks, right?"
"***I JUST WANT TO BE LOVED OKAY*** If you don't know what love is, why are you having kids?"
But you're already so good at it. Complete mastery of snarky dry humor
"I'm sure you believe Trump when he says he made his fortune. We are living in an age where we have global communications, we are able to attain skills and knowledge with a simple google search, and we have tons of online-education programs that are cheap. Want to learn a new skill in programming? There are courses you can take online at your own leisure for 70 bucks. We are so hell bent on looking for others for jobs - has it occured to anyone: If you can't find a job, make one? You literally have the world to market yourself to. Take advantage of the kind of communications, the kind of access we have. I have, I may have a part time job in the morning but I am continually developing new things on the side in hopes of something succeeding. From personal observation: For a generation that is suppose to be very savvy with new technology, we, Millenials, are sure as hell resistant to the reality of economic changes around us, and sure do pass a lot of opportunities. Maybe it's the way we were raised, or taught. But we have the power, the skills, and the privelage to not just adapt to the rapidly changing economies, but take full advantage of them! Millenials need more of that ambition, that entrepreneurial spirit, and a sense of financial literacy imo."
"Now that would be inappropriate for the kids playing the game! No, I realize that, but it still has goofy masks you can put on, it wouldn't be crazy to have a place with plausible costumes like say a cop outfit, a sexy maid outfit, the kinda stuff that would be super useful for machinima in the rockstar editor, and a money sink for all the money you make online."
never heard this one b4 I like to call it el cashico
"I don't understand how they think they can just get away with this.... The investigation has potential to harm the profits of our glorious corporate masters and will not be allowed. US Senators seek probe of claims IT workers fired, forced to train H-1B foreign replacements"
"What kinda ship is that? Never been closer to home, never felt further away"
At least they didn't show our camels and turbans. Vice is very clever with the way they portray us to make us look as bad as possible. They could have easily shown any of the picket signs that were in Turkish but they picked one of the only ones in Arabic.. Maybe I'm over exaggerating cause vice is annoying..
He meant to commit keikaku actually Pretty sure he meant sepukku
I miss Tobias Things you miss in the pokemon anime.
"Clearly, it was your fault for being a good and loving father. I am a long haired hippy looking dad. My child is full grown now. When out and about in NY, when she was little, I got dirty looks from women all the time, where ever I went. I was even followed by crazy women who tried to get others to lynch mob me for being in the company of a toddler calling me ''daddy waddy daddy waddy'' over and over in sing song little girl happy style. Others: ''Is that your dad?'' in a fucking vulture eyed fake friendly way. Not one dirty look or weird comment ever came from a male person. Only creepy females who have a problem with public fathering. I am very young looking, and my daughter is very tall. In her teen years, and now in her 20s, if we are out together, women stare STILL! to this day. I am the creepy person who is the ''what is that filthy long haired pig doing with that female who is younger than them?.....Oh my god they just hugged! Disgusting! [whispers among themselves at their all female tribunal table]'' Men all figure it out right quick that she is my daughter, and that I look young and healthy because I am very healthy, and have no bad habits. Women just give us the evil condemning eye wherever we go, for the last 27 years, without fail. Not all women, but certainly enough to obviously notice them like neon billboards all over the fucking map. Men smile and wink and thumbs up at me for being a good dad."
You forgot your I wonder when soccer is going to get big in the United States...
Female orgasms are a myth anyway Probably all the female ones
Yeah that's equivalent Just like the IS and muslims shouldn't be linked.
"I really wanna have a nice family day where the KKK holds protests regarding the confederate flag! Exactly. Atlanta is a great place, Stone Mountain is the place that everyone, black or white, brings their children for a nice family day, replete with train rides and a laser show, and snow machines in the winter. But let's just paint the whole place and label it because of one issue."
Mission Accomplished? I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not.
"Thats outdated, weak hardwer man, you should update it i5 4690k and a 1070"
"New VS pistol confirmed as kazoo, its charge up! Kazoo guns that have slide whistle charging handles."
"I too think an expansion of corporate hegemony over asian markets, and tearing down barriers to quarterly profits are more important than my neighbors. Yes Bernie allowed a whole host of people insight into his ignorance on all matters economics. What a guy."
"Yes, the fact that the Bucs got penalized 16 times is evidence that the refs were biased, not that the Bucs committed a lot of penalties that game LMAO The refs all but handed that game to the Skins and he is acting like he destroyed the Bucs I think the Bucs ended with 16 penalties which is ridiculous slanted."
"But if you reject god, you're trying to live without ultimate accountability for your actions. TIL that if you are a Christian you can do anything you want and still go to heaven. You don't even have to repent."
If Obama takes away my bombs... Just wanna throw this out there early
"Well he can't since Cam Newton and LeBron are black and Chip Kelly is racist Not quite, he didn't ask what does lebron think and check his tweets. Then follow up with how this will effect Tebow in Philly."
"I'm sure everyone in the military will attack American citizens too Because having guns is not actually abut stopping government tyranny. Let's be real, the government has drones, chemical weapons, nuclear arsenal. Wtf are guns going to do? If the government wanted it could level a whole city if need be. There's no real chance that a mob of gunwielding hill billies could ever stand up against the army. Nor does the government need to use the army to oppress the people. They have more advanced ways of diverting attention so that a rebellion never happens. So long as people believe America is the greatest country on Earth, no matter how poor or shitty peoples' lives are, at least they can tell themselves they're living in America. God's gift to mankind."
"Adding that there must be similar connections to the sex act. well, unless you are being tortured by religious people that sounds like complete cod shit."
Forgot to put a Stop using socialist as an insult.
"Because people will die unless the government gets involved Let poor people die. You know, the entire platform of the libertarian party."
"But I love the original Die Rise on Spider-Man 2 (only real Treyarch fans know ;)) No, Die Rise from Bo1."
thanks you're the best. 1:01
"srsly fuck this guy and his coveted vinyl LP's Well, fuck you, too."
"I love science, it's so logical and reasonable compared to the idiocy of religion! TIL A Greek scientist jumped into a volcano because he believed he was a god and would be resurrected."
He cant be that bad... I won 4 back to back Super bowls with Whisenhunt as my coach in Madden how hard could it be? Ken Whisenhunt is 1-20 as #Titans coach when he has less than 8 months to prepare for a game.
I don't know if I would have used gravely. Most people do not realize that wealthy value their time very gravely.
"But at least there are no more bots or gold sellers! In the first Q&amp;A they vaguely mentioned something about planning to reduce trade restrictions, market may or may not be included with that. However nothing has been done yet and nothing was said about it in the second Q&amp;A. Its just another poorly implemented system by IMC, something ToS players should be used to by now and have come to accept that this is how the game will be for the most part, with some oh so slow minor improvements along the way of course."
Where's all the diversity? Justin Trudeau tapping the keg at Kitchener's Oktoberfest
A house elf apparates right in with the baby then apparates right back out with the baby. What do witches do about childbirth?
You don't think you can safely fit 4 kids in that pool? Wow. What a shitty company.
"You missed the I'd be pissed too, Putin was playing by the same rules as everyone else and won."
"If you give me steam games, I'll be whatever age you want baby ;)))) How I feel about this sub sometimes."
"Every time someone died: ""He's lagging"" SO fucking funny. Appreciation for Krepo, Sven, and Mithy bot lane stream Hilarious stream, even though it doesn't have much viewership compared to the main stream"
Almost like a white privilege scale... Know where to draw the line.
"Agreed, it's the company who sold him the phone is to blame! it isnt snapchat's fault.. wtf.."
"Why not, I mean, evolution is just a theory. not really a claim at this point. can you claim the earth is round?"
But I fantasy league... The armchair GMs in this sub are out of control
The problem is that people aren't working as they should. The Problem With The Capitalist System
"Man, having the 32nd pick that season really sucked Our refusal to get a top draft pick. Granted, we did get Mosely with that pick."
I'm so glad that John Roberts cleared up the misunderstanding that this is all corrupt as fuck. Comcast gave Republican leader 4x more money than Google. Now he opposes net neutrality
"FEVE N00TS AT CVS C0NFORMED Found this on Google Maps, wow."
What a lovely bunch of people. The handles are falling off!
Glad to see that the comments on the article aren't transphobic or otherwise kinda shitty at all Transgender and 15-year-old engaged in a sex act prior to the assault with a hatchet
because every single thing is either alpha or beta and the link must be labeled as either alpha or beta so we can know what to think about it and know for sure that OP is down with TRP. Why call the other guy alpha in the title? He gave up his wife as well.
"Sounds like Kessel Has character concerns and a lack of effort,I would be optimistic about the pick"
That's the one with the little girl from Kick Ass right? I think 40 years is safe enough to call off on spoilers. But seriously you should watch/read Carrie. It's good.
Ty for ruining my cheap zulrah food haha How can potato with cheese be so much cheaper than monkfish's?
"oh, that's original... Organ Trail Complete Edition Coming to PS4, PS Vita October 20th"
"(unfairly judges you as a person for using tape to hang your poster) Regardless I do love that poster, have it hanging as well (in a frame) 0____0 My Nuka Cola / zap that thirst poster came just in time for the DLC hype!"
McDavid showing that many former first round busts have a nice set of hands McDavid with a sweet move to beat Mrazek
Oh please enlighten us as to the rest of the iceberg! Him constantly lying about his educations is just tip of the iceberg.
"So I guess you are * winning Non existent right now, but historically very good!"
"So...means she's right! Woman brags on Facebook her 4 year old can shoot a gun, gets shot by her own child."
"That's what propaganda and bias does :/ no need for critical thinking and self research Seriously, so many misguided people. China-North Korean relations have deteriorated very quickly over the past decade."
"Oh, didn't you know that it's okay to completely disregard people if their opinions aren't in align with your own? Doesn't change the fact that he's a damn good meteorologist."
Doesn't with windows phones then? TIL Galaxy =/= Android
Or get this deluxe remastered edition for $120 which includes the remastered DLC and some useless figurines and artbooks $80 
How else will you know that you're not ugly if everyone doesn't tell you that you aren't? taking selfies
She looked happier in the first photos... Life photo essay: One woman's fight with obesity in 1949
"Yea, change characters to your hunter Proud Titan swordbeare here. Any tips for warlock swordbearing or is it basically the same as titan?"
yes impact is a noob cause he died in a 1v4 Piglet and Impact being outclassed in NA shows that the gap is closing and Korea is overrated
"Koje iznenadjenje, u Rusiji ima dosta botnet servera. Iza napada na Stierove servere 99 posto stoje ruski hakeri..."
average Andy Dalton is now your team's starting quarterback - what will your season be like?
"Freedom of speech is impressive in Ukraine Shuster's political show cut off air, raising free-speech concerns once more."
"nah, critical thinking and educated choices are for cucks. I got banned for pointing out that Bernie isn't a communist. I'm.not even decided politically, but felt that people should at least understand the basics about the candidates."
Because every woman in the world has interests that don't extend past expensive shoes and purses! Unless you find handbags and shoes awesome then this deal won't work out so great for you.
"If Laich is gold and Nylander has no compete, then clearly the only smart thing for the Leafs to do is gear up for a Cup run with Laich and see if they can ship off Nylander while his value is still decently high Two games in and they don't look like pros? Well, shit, back to the drawing board, boys. Better sell off Nylander before his value plummets. Damned compete level."
"Riot is waiting for everyone to stop moaning and complaining about not having it before they release it. It's been a month, where's Solo-Q?"
"Or you can just down-vote it LPT: If you see something or someone on the internet that annoys you or makes you angry, you can just exit out of it. Even this post."
"Well dang, how did Peyton not get one after Shuler got 2nd then? And that is why Crouch got the Heisman. The voters felt bad for not giving it to Tommie."
"Just get him to work there so you can get a discount. Welcome fellow Sydneysider. Make sure you check out an awesome pub called Frankies, it's close to Martin Place train station. It's open every day, they serve awesome craft beers on tap, pizzas by the slice, pinball machines, and they have live music from 9pm. I recommend you to stay close to either Central Station, or Kings Cross station. Both have a plethora of options in terms of Backpackers."
Yes that's why I don't advocate for the rights of people I can't possibly understand nor am particularly fond of.. Such as other humans.
That will narrow it down... Hey man I'll see you there! i'll be the high kid as close to the front row as possible.
"So you're saying the police were wildly incompetent in carrying out their massacre, and lost a few of their own...yeah that makes it better What you presented is a more accurate account than what the title of the article suggest, that's why facts do matter. Also the word ""Massacre"" is inaccurate, since it was not one side killing the other, police were also killed by protesters. So it is very clear there was a clash between police and civilians during a protest happened somewhere in China. So the best to describe this would be June 4th incident, there are a lot propaganda around this incident, if you look at the facts, its simply a protest gone really bad on both side."
"You did, you just don't know it yet. I thought we were all gonna die. What a disappointment."
Well I must say I'm shocked Report: UK Selling billions in arms exports to countries on the human rights blacklist
"too long, didn't read...assuming no So for those who aren't aware this user is a bot that basically automatically writes a tl:dr comment on the posts content. (PS I have been on this site for years and still have no idea what TL:DR means.)"
If we had subways or that hippie u/markybaby didn't insist on walking like a communist instead of safely driving this tragedy wouldn't have happened. I blame bad bike lane design.
"Hey, jeg nyder faktisk min Samsung ROM Stock Android, screenshot godkendt :)"
"and whatever you do, ignore the wizards in the middle, they can't hurt you and they're unkillable anyway Well, I think the little plates kill you, so don't step on them."
Yeah dumb bitch fearing for her life and grabbing on to him in a moment of fear Her fault for hugging her leg to him.
"What a nice guy! Guy fucked my girlfriend, not long after he stopped me in a club and wanted to apologize. I told him to sod off and then he hit me. TL;DR Guy beats me because he fucked my girlfriend"
Isn't that saying something.... ^^Teeheehee EVERY funeral director &amp; embalmer you have met PASSED!
"I think this is the most crazy comment here Though I do like the air hammer at times, lets be real, something that has more range than spitting distance for the NC AI ESF weapon would be appreciated."
"Don't worry, they said it's in a future update so I'm sure they'll get around to it! So glad they finally fixed the Atheon cheese. But if I'm reading that correctly that means they implemented the random 3 rule. Now we are not allowed to plan who goes through the portal anymore... unless I'm reading that wrong. Also, thanks Bungie for fixing Atheon and forgetting to update the Templar, Bad Juju, Thorn, Vex Mythoclast, Suros Regime, and all the other crap you said you would fix weeks and weeks ago..."
"**Flame Leviathan** Relative Newbie with 2000 dust, what to craft? I've been playing Hearthstone for around 5 months casually, and I've managed to accumulate 2000 dust. I only have 1 legendary, Grommash, a fair amount of rares, and a smattering of epics. I'm looking to try and flesh out a nice deck for ladder or create versatile cards that I can put in most decks. Any suggestions?"
"I suppose you could always ""have an accident"" and give it up for adoption and claim it is because you are anti abortion or something. Want to be Pregnant but don't want Kids So I'm a 29 year old married woman and we are fairly sure we don't want kids. Been married 10 years and are happy the way we are. My only dilemma is I have always wanted to experience being pregnant. But I don't want to raise a child. Anyone else feel like this? I seriously looked into being a surrogate; however all agencies require that applicants have already had a least one ""live"" birth. This doesn't work for me obviously. Advise or thoughts? I'm hoping this urge/need will eventually go away, especially since my husband is not supportive of the surrogacy idea. He doesn't like the thought of it wrecking my body for no reason that benefits us."
"It's only homophobic if you murder 50 of them in a nightclub right? They're pouring water on the street, not spray painting slogans against homosexuals or beating them up. Hardly homophobic behaviour considering the alternative."
"He's from Southampton, so obviously a Liverpool fan He's from Southampton, but you don't have to be a Liverpool fan to believe The Sun are scum. Just have to be human..."
Win95 was just that good... You haven't upgraded your operating system or computer in 20 years?
"DAE literally-thousands-of-years-old joaks are SO FUNNAY ""Jews have evolved bigger noses since air is free."""
"No full table no care Looks like those 7200VXRs have the NPE-G2. For some reason, the resale value for those always seems pretty high..."
"That sounds dangerously close to natural selection... Which we all know is problematic because it favors the fit over the unfit... Not related to the tumblrina but really, anyone who's dumb enough to not wear a seatbelt deserves to fly out the window."
"TIL Google is in fact purely an advertising agency, and doesn't run the worlds most popular search engine, or host the entirety of youtubes content, isn't an up and coming ISP, etc. What the fuck are you talking about? Google is an advertising agency! What the fuck is wrong with you? Okay, maybe I should rephrase.... Name one successful online company THAT ISN'T AN AD AGENCY. Name one company that does something OTHER than serving ads that makes money from ads. I'll go. New York Times. NYT is an old fashioned newspaper that runs ads to make money. But guess what? There are THOUSANDS of competing online news sources that are completely free of ads. Ok your turn."
"Yeah, that snap was totally meant for her boyfriend. My wife sent me a snapchat of her fully naked and spreading her legs, she has never done this before and it was very abrupt which makes me suspicious. Today at 4:30pm, I received a snapchat from my wife of her fully naked on our bed spreading her leg completely for the phone in the mirror. She added a message saying: ""do you like this pose? (with a heart emoticon)"" This made me extremely paranoid since we rarely snapchat and never with any thing sexual, so this was very sudden. I asked her about it later and she told me she was horny and decided to try sending something special for me. Am I just making a big deal out of nothing? **tl;dr**: Wife sent me snapchat of her spreading her legs and posing naked, she rarely even uses snapchat, she says its because she got horny. now I am a bit paranoid about it."
"I was joking bro, do i got to put the A post getting removed causes people who visit after it not able to see the post, making them disappointed. That's the joke."
let me just run up steal the gun and rob some places Mother walking with her son in the United States of America.
And all polls have only ever shown themselves to be completely objective and true with no ulterior motive. Over half of Muslims think sharia should be law when polled
"""a video that talks about the daily truth"" Definitely propaganda It's ironic since the name of the page translates to ""educate yourself"""
"Apparently, the 3 Israeli teens kidnapped and murdered by Hamas were really PLO members trying to form a unity government You can hardly blame Hamaz for being skittish about talks of a unity government with the West Bank. They tried that last year, and it ended with Israel blowing the hell out of Gaza, killing over 2000 people. No, I dont think takling about a unity government is a good idea."
"Yes, out of millions of fans you are the only one. Am I the only one who still secretly likes Fabregas? Maybe it's just a combination of the Reddit community as well as the most vocal fans at games, but nearly everyone seems to absolutely despise Cesc's guts now. I totally understand why but for some reason I struggle to feel the hate."
"Ah, a submarine! Simple, there would be a negative altimeter reading."
"He could need to adjust his carburetor floats too. Might need to adjust your idle speed, what are the RPMs at?"
"Are you alright from carrying all those groceries, you must be so strong and independent. Chivalry is dead! WAAAAAAH!!!"
One of the most above average 4 1v1's I've ever seen! One of the nuttiest 1v4s I've witnessed in-game
I'm so insecure that watching other people have fun makes me cringe. People having fun? How embarrassing.
"Did it produce anti-gravity? View from directly above the Cannikin shot - At 5 megatons, it was the largest American underground nuclear test"
"I'm just waiting for the as a person of lower middle class, i do think that while the rich may get tax cuts in the sense of having to pay as much as everyone else at times, i support the rich because while most paint them out as hoarders of their money it is more true that they invest their money in the economy and society so their supposed gains are actually benefits to everyone else, it is not common for money to simply sit around but more common for it to be spread throughout various endeavours"
"Rail is so good at this campaigning thing.... :| BBCan Episode Discussion - April 14, 2016 ##In just moments, our houseguests will vote to evict Thursday episodes typically cover evictions. We'll learn who goes home, how the vote fell and probably see a human interest piece or two along the way. We may also see who becomes HOH, but will most likely have to wait for Sunday"
"The kind not touched by Satan obviously. Jesus christ, what kind of person even thinks that way?"
"Yeah, it's definitely a malicious ploy by those evil Republicans to get more votes for themselves. I'm really against this. While extreme Northern California is on the periphery of Cascadia, even though it shares no history with the Oregon Country, is economically linked to San Francisco and roots for San Francisco sports teams, I would caution other Cascadians from throwing their support behind this issue. These counties are overwhelmingly conservative, and this ""Six Californias"" movement is clearly another attempt for the Republican Party to regain control of the electoral vote through gerrymandering. It's the same story as what's going on with voter ID laws in certain states of the US. The anti-democracy strategy of controlling election rules simply because you don't have the number of votes goes against the ideals of most Cascadians. It's not that I'm against Cascadians being conservative. Eastern Washington, Eastern Oregon, the BC Interior and parts of Southeastern Alaskan are all conservative and Cascadian. But if secession becomes the accepted answer to society's problems, there will never be an end to the political partition of land. Besides, California is a great state with a wonderful romanticism to it. Yes, it's doing poorly now, but it won't necessarily always be in such trouble. There's a reason why songs like ""California Dreamin'"" have been written about it. If ""California"" can break into pieces, so too can the concept of ""Cascadia"" be divided into pieces."
"Surely the Zebu steaks are imported from Africa not Europe? Still, I'd like to see how he can maintain his market share when he can't import cheap food and drink to sell cheaply. Wetherspoons is hardly exceptional and price, ubiquity and uniformity are the main selling points. Without the prices being low there's no reason to go there."
"Yeah, free speech is shady. ""Prager University is not an accredited academic institution and does not offer certifications or diplomas."" Kind of shady."
Years? 5
filthy non-cognitivist! My rebuttal is that moral statements are meaningless!
"Back when you could jump old man? That Larry Johnson four point play though, I'll never forget it. I jumped out of my chair, it was crazy"
"It's a shame that there wasn't someone there with a gun to stop them. The gun nuts came out in force in the comment section on that story spouting their usual ""If everybody could carry guns, this wouldn't happen"" bullshit."
Because the government has never put out malware... Anonymous Twitter Alternative Developed For Rioters
"Yea you do, you're playing osrs I think I have a problem..."
Your dad has an autobiography? That is so cool. My dad made me read his autobiography when I was young. I've loved him ever since
"He's not a prick, he's an attractive young woman! When is somebody going to shoot that prick?"
"Come NYE I'm going to be shouting ""Let's Go Hawks"" through the whole set you got it dood ;)"
"Yeah definitely blow out of proportion. I feel like lately police brutality is seeing more and more media coverage because of how easily things get passed around on the internet now. I don't think there is more brutality now than there was 30 or 40 years ago, but we certainly see more of it now with cameras everywhere with instant internet access. That's how and why I think more social issues like this get blown out of proportion (in my eyes at least)."
I'll give you 100$ for it I have one I might be willing to sell if OP doesn't want to part out. PM me if you're interested.
He did what he needed to do. Well that was fast.
"Wow, time for Danny Green to GTFO. One step closer to the ALAMO lineup."
call of duty: why are you still playing E3 Reveals What games would you want see announced at e3 this year.
Frankie is better. kz_bhop_lj in 00:54.38 by skodna - Perfect speedrun of a classic map (World Record)
"But the gubbmint and big moon just want to deceive us because there is no way we would want to explore space if we didn't have a moon! ""I'm stupid and therefore anything I don't understand is probably fake."""
"He was obviously resisting, did you miss that? He calmly lays belly down on the ground, unarmed, arms spread out, and they just start punching him in the head..."
"Lmao, but pls put that yeah ik it was a joke. XD"
Must be true cuz republicans have never tried to politicize the deaths of Americans or terrorism before. Leaders of a House committee said Tuesday that U.S. diplomats in Libya made repeated requests for increased security for the consulate in Benghazi and were turned down by officials in Washington.
"Arkham knight (Poll) Now that the first half of 2015 is over, what is your pick for Game of the Year?"
"Of course not, but that's because cancer is not a character defect caused by thinking too much, the way that infertility totally is. Just reply with ""would you tell a cancer patient to relax the cancer will go away on it's own?"""
They're on 9gag. Since reddit seems to be full of only the competent people in group projects...where are all the nincompoops? Are they unable to internet?
Clearly you're just wrong then. I disagree
"I thought abortion on demand, for free, was part of Obamacare? It's fucked up how someone can have a shitty experience and feel the need to push their agenda on everyone else to deal with their own problems. Her baby daddy and grandfather wouldn't pay for her third abortion so fuck everyone else, abortion is wrong."
"It had to be the pinkos, how else would the minorities have known who Justin Trudeau is? Obviously she got some of her downtown communist hippy friends to make a fake video then give it to some drug dealers and set up a meeting between them and the Toronto Star. It's all starting to make sense ...."
You're scaring me. Great minds think alike.
You forgot the Newt is KILLING IT. Welcome to the White House Mr. Trump.
"Carly Fiorina just dropped out, so who else are the young women going to vote for now? Maria Cardona just said on CNN: ""Young Women are voting for Bernie because they think their fight is finished, but they don't realize their rights are a product of Hillary's fight for them."""
"""Just destroy the artillery"" Wow this is just incredible advice. Especially in multiplayer. If your opponent is choosing dwarfs, bring a lot of artillery. What you do then is just destroy the dwarf artillery, and shoot on them till they are forced to attack which is not ideal. Since they are so slow they suffer huge loses approaching."
"I think Deception is prove that most of our fanfiction are a lot more lore-friendly than the official ones... Was the last novel, Deception, ever republished with corrections? I've read that, due to having a different author, there were several inconsistencies between Deception and the first three novels. Does anyone know if I were to buy a copy today if it would be corrected as the Mass Effect wiki states was planned in 2012?"
"And that is before the Europeans brought guns and conservation to America Hunted is inaccurate , slaughtered, committed genocide, attempted extinction ..."
"I'm an Imperial and I joined the Stormcloaks, I regret it because now I want to [kill Ulfric so that I can get his armor instead of Tullius's.] I'm a Nord warrior and joined the Imperials."
"That guy gets all the ladies... How did you manage to keep your panties from flying off? When I went there, a random guy walked up to me and told me that I was the sextet woman in Walmart. ""Eh....thanks?"""
"Careful way out there, that's a long limb. I'm going to go out on a limb here and say because he's a Colts fan."
I optimistically read the parent comment with a trailing Don't be an asshole.
"Is it actually that much better or is this I own 4 A2A aircraft, 4 PMDGs, The majestic Q400, ORBX global and vectors, various ORBX Sceneries, ActiveSky, EZDOK, FSPasseger, and much much more... Bought XP10, after getting used to it ended up deleting FSX, I am never looking back again. Glad I gave XP10 a chance."
"Poor guy, maybe he has a feet cleaning company that's going out of business. I, too, made a MeetMe. This guy doesn't know that I hate feet."
"Good for Spielberg, he needed that. That is one big pile of cash."
Go Latvia ! How safe are your roads? Commission road safety statistics show small improvement for 2014
Not three words I know. I deleted that comment and made another. I wasn't following the trend
"Not sure what I'm looking at, all i see is insmell HD graphics. These One-Command mods Kill your FPS.."
I hope to god you forgot to put in the He said attractive. Black people can't be attractive.
"Yep exactly I mean if operational now means floating in the water with a flag, then the Yorktown is the oldest operational carrier. I had been going to make the argument that Viraat was the oldest operational carrier, I even got to the point of posting a couple of comments that I then deleted upon learning that the ship had been partly stripped. I think that having all propulsion equipment removed probably puts it out of the realm of being 'operational', which is a pretty nebulous term that might also exclude the Sao Paulo. It's definitely the oldest commissioned carrier, though."
"About the same, except America will be great again. what will America be like if trump wins?"
"Dude, Aldo is a scrub and always has been. Why is everyone forgetting their last fight"
"Classic greedy Jews, keeping all the good stuff from us. Yeah, we're not allowed to convert people, because they get some of the same rewards as us if they're good people."
"Rust started going downhill when they fixed the stacking bug... Rust is going downhill. Whatsup fellow rust players. I have landed on Reddit today because I am in need of some feedback. Before I ask of your feedback, I shall briefly introduce myself. My name is Kevin and I have been playing rust for several years now. I have been hooked to Rust since the early days of Legacy. Rust has become one of my main games to play and I currently have over 2000 hours playtime. I have an issue though. As you can see by the title, I'm not happy with the recent changes in Rust. My prime time in Rust Experimental was when corner-picking became a thing. I absolutely loved searching for bases and inspecting them from every angle possible. At that time you could also bone-club doors that faced the wrong way etc. Corner picking has been an exploit in the game for a long time without any fixes. Which I was very greatfull for, but.... I personally feel, that ever since corner picking was removed, Rust went downhill BIG-time. Rust has became way too noob-friendly nowadays. The changes that were made ever since corner picking got patched, killed a big part of Rust imo. The main changes I have a problem with are: -Corner picking patched -Doors no longer have a soft side -Arrow raids are no longer possible -Spear raids are no longer possible -Sleeping bags cooldown -The latest building priveledges changes I am sure that I am missing a few, that I can't think of right now. As an skilled oldskool player, this really saddens. Rust has become way too noob-friendly and it's no longer as enjoyable as it once was. I made this topic with the hopes of an rust developer seeing this, and maybe returning a little bit of the golden rust days with upcoming updates. Besides that I would also like to know how you guys feel about these recent changes. Whether you are a oldskool player or a new Rust player, please leave a comment about how you feel about these changes. o/"
Just the kind of government employee we need. My Father (A furloughed federal employee) posted this on facebook this morning.
"People who don't use the gamecube godtroller aren't people PMDT, please give some love to people who use alternate controllers! Only the GC controller can do debug mode... as someone who currently uses the gc controller with a mayflash adapter and who used to use wiichuck, it kinda sucks!"
Well yeah but you have to keep letting some women use it as a weapon to destroy other peoples lives without any merit to the claims otherwise the women that did get raped are to afraid to say anything! One little cunt complely ruined a family using words... what a fantastic justice system.
Clearly showcasing Baptiste for the upcoming Cam Fowler trade. Sabres recall Baptiste
"Lol, omg she totally deserved to die because of that one time she was wrong. I finally understand why people kill other people"
"No nothing helps you lose weight, gain energy, bond or makes your baby healthy except for breastfeeding It will go mostly back to normal whether you bf or not.."
"i've found that ""accident"" less violent and offensive than this, but now we're in 2016 baby shitpost of the year 9/11"
"I know, what's the deal with them always needing construction equipment to improve the roads! That beautiful, San Francisco view"
"real people who steal my blue buff on purpose gg reported go back to cosplay noob This makes us realize that the players behind those screens when you are playing league are actually real people, some of them with really interesting, different and sad stories and when they have a moment to have fun in a video game like LoL sometimes they get flamed or insulted. Really professional production tho, seems like seeing a tv documentary, very well made."
"Did you mean ""would have"" helped? Spell check wouldn't have helped."
"And the Malvinas, how where the presidential election results over there? Map of the presidential election results in Argentina"
Just slow slap it out. Yay. Sounds rough but glad that's in the past.
"Yep, suspend him as long as the guy that concussed a ref and ended his season, that seems about right I hate looking at r/hockey when things like this happen especially when it includes the Hawks. People were calling for 5-7 games the other day and now everyone is freaking out saying it should be like 10+ games"
"Called the Chairforce for a reason Im in the Military, just use that as a motivation to get thru Boot Camp. Airforce probably will let you play in boot camp lol jkn."
Almost as good as GTA V... New screen shots of Star Citizen
"Ya cuz heimerdonger can have unlimited turrets right? Simple example: someone picks heimerdinger, sets all cd's to 0. Goes into game and spams turrets until the game crashes. What are the repercussions for him, any other players in that game and the servers?"
We are? and Mac users too
And too fat fattie Serious question: is there yet an alternative that isn't flooded with ex-FPH assholes? I'm too old to want those shits in my life.
Use Sarcasm is hard to spot on the interwebs. I should learn to do retarded smiles I guess.
"Here, you dropped this: just lifting mouse, nothing suspicious"
Ikr DAE cLOUDDEADD Holy shit what a bunch of plebs
"But louder is beteerr I'd rather he have no part in the mastering process along with his friend Vlado Meller. Would be nice to get a Kanye album with some dynamic range in it, along with a Kanye vinyl release that isn't horse shit while we're at it."
"Once a cheater, always a cheater This. I built my share of coils the old fashioned way to earn my stripes and take the easy way out."
But you can't oppress rich people so it doesn't count That's kinda bigoted. hating someone because of their financial situation
"good thing they don't have a monopoly For a less impressive TIL, in my area in 2004 the cost of 8Mbps cable internet from comcast was around $40, fast forward 10 years and you can get 3Mbps cable internet from comcast for $40."
Well this is awkward... should I still contact you on twitter? :)
"Yeah, people who do their jobs are real assholes. The Comcast employee seems to hate his life so much that he disregards even his own safety. The videographer yelling at him had nothing to do with how much of an asshole the employee is."
You mean anti-flammable? On Reddit where people constantly complain about people misunderstanding inflammable?
"Modern art I would pay 50 bucks for it at the most. this guy gloops paint on a guitar in a most sloppy way, and glues some pieces of a dvd player and wants 400 bucks? please."
"awwww, those poor poor unionized policemen. Occupy protesters described by police as 'Little Techie Brats' ... it's like they're looking for a word ..."
"I'm sorry, I forgot to add Switch that... All squares are rectangles. Not vice versa."
Captain Partyman Who is the best character in the game and why? ^
"Then we are all fucking doomed. I don't have daddy issues. I have a really great dad. You just have a lot of power as a parent to influence your child's psyche. And I have lots of friends who have deep rooted issues because their dad said one thing one time about their weight, or boys, etc."
Which console is this on? Playing in 15+ Megapixel - Call of Juarez-Gunslinger
"But it's for his own good, he needs to ""man up!"" This is the wrong kind of person. If you want a kid and your SO doesnt, move on, find someone compatible. Dont force someone into a life of fucking servitude. Oh this makes me mad"
"Is there no delete / move to trash option in your email program? Offensive Forwarded Emails from Grandfather-in-law with Money I frequently receive emails from my wife's grandfather that are somewhat to fairly offensive (insulting to liberals, Muslims, people of color, etc.). He doesn't comment on them, he just forwards them, as well as lame jokes, pictures of puppies, etc. In person he doesn't say anything offensive, although his wife does use phrases like ""the blacks"" and has sad some more straight-up racist things in front of me. They are both old Baptists and are not at all progressive. Other than that, I like him and get along very well! The thing is, he and his wife are very generous to my wife and me, giving us a large amount of money as gifts every year (about 15% of my salary). To be honest, I would be far more likely to respond to his emails in anger if I wasn't a little bit concerned with cutting off the financial gifts. I rationalize it by convincing myself that sending an angry email wouldn't actually change his mind in any way and would only stir up trouble in the family, and that it would probably be a bad idea even if they weren't giving us any money. I've sent a few messages like ""please don't send me this kind of email"", but that doesn't do any good. Should I do anything differently? Am I a bad person for not getting pissed at him?"
establishment $hills Equality PA Endorses Hillary Clinton for President
"It's almost like we need some sort of larger organization that all the states would belong to that would handle and regulate these issues. Great question, but so many additional questions... How would the military be divided? What measures would be taken to prevent ambitious states from invading other states? Would the constitution be preserved and used for legislature by all states? What about public assistance programs? Somebody else already asked about currency and border control. Are the states capable of being self sufficient, at least from a tax-revenue perspective? What happens to large corporations?"
"No wonder he never talks, his mouth is so damn small! I also tried to use my DS camera on the AH guys... here's Ray"
Yeah and Bellator's 135 division is just loaded top to bottom with killers The HW division isn't known for its depth.
"who? Donald Trump DESTROYED 16 of the GOP's best candidate, and you guys are scared that Gary Dick poses a threat? Donald Trump would drop his ass just like he did with Lyin Ted, Little Marco, Low Energy Jeb, and the rest. #The best course of action is to label him as an alternate to Hillary (because thats what he is tbh), not as an alternate to us. Trump is an alpha, he has no alternates"
I am deeply offended. I disagree with many of your points.
"Yeah dude I actually think that their entire team is bad Well, considering your flair, I wouldn't expect any other opinion."
You forgot to add an by voting trump
"Oh no no no, the audio jack HAS to die, how else is Apple going to force you to use their proprietary headphones instead of the 20 dollar pair you like? Newgrounds! Great site with lots of great games. Look, Flash was good for a while, but it needed to be taken down a peg. It was and still is a vector for infection. The 3.5mm, however, is not in need of dying out."
You wouldn't have to reload this often if you had better aim This reminds me of the bane from Borderlands 2.
"Source? beep boop i am a logical redditor and i am here to deliver the TRUTH to all you SJW tumblarinas, try not to get to TRIGGERED i think we should destroy the human race. before you come at me like ""muh fee fees"" let me tell you why this is logically and SCIENTIFICALLY proven to solve the world's problems 1. the world's resources would not run out 2. rape and murder would end 3. the economy wouldn't be bad any more because it doesn't exist 4. nobody would be upset about it as you can see, I've backed up everything with logic, so I know I'm not wrong and this is a good idea."
That's a lot of eco frags The HLTV MVP of the ECS Season 2 Finals is device
"No, they just don't want them to be gay anymore. Brother Jake Explains: Mormons Don't Really Hate Gay People, I Swear"
Who's tuttle? It was Tuttle.
THE FEELS :'( :'( :'( :'( :'( I leave work for a 4 day weekend and this is what I come back to. Right in the feels
"Piracy Will there be any way to play FNaF:W 1.0 if you didn't buy it yet? I was literally 7 minutes late. I had my money ready (finally), and I was about to buy it, only to see it was taken off the market. Free or not, is there still any way to get the game if you don't have it already?"
"Play, manipulate people with marketing and cheat reddit inc, no big diff right? So there are jobs where I can get PAID to play on reddit? Where can I get one of those? Wait. Nevermind, I already have one of those."
Fun fact: only gay people have penetrative sex. Oh god you just made me realize how terrible all the ''penetrating in the backfield'' jokes are going to be. Fuck.
sorry forgot the No. It's not hard to understand at all. Chill out. I was just trying to screw with people's heads.
He can sit on him if he wants Ok that call was right.
"Dang, you would have thought they were getting new uniforms or something. Inside the team room this morning, the Trojans react to Helton being named their head coach."
"It's literally Hitler in three steps. Jesus, how slippery is that slope?!"
"But asking out guys is so easy as a woman, women should always make the first move because they never get rejected! Trolls, I asked a guy out! And he said no! But I'm super proud of myself for not waiting around trying to decipher his behavior to figure out if he wants to date me!"
Uh... Better Buy? European but thanks :]
"Toast too crisp, 2/10... I had a crack at eggs Benedict"
"And this year they are still there and the title picture is Sheamus vs Reigns, really no idea why it dropped Last year was the night after Sting's debut and the Authority was gone."
Im going to need a source signed by a notary and your local pornography expert. ... it's in the article... I'm literally quoting the article in the link... christ
"jesusss, no waaaaaaay Ada pungli dalam pembuatan e-KTP di 12 provinsi"
"Yes, because Christians and Muslims are identical. eyup, thanks Judeo-Christian god. We need to start taxing churches and mosques to pay for this shit."
"yes, but it's old, so it *can't* be worth over $100 ^_^ Ever try to fill out 3-part forms with a laser printer?"
Why isn't Sage in the main event? Decent card we have next month
"At least he's got that .500 BA with RISP... If this translates to Matt Reynolds is about to start getting a lot more reps, I just may shoot myself"
"Why is everyone so angry about this, they said they will limit it to 12 year olds now... everything is fixed Shooting Range Instructor Fatally Shot by 9-Year-Old Girl Learning to Use Uzi in Arizona"
Because clearly you owe them something. Why do tricks Fuckin come in the club talkin bullshit (im a stripper) tryna touch u and shit for free!? Y
That's the first thing they teach in boot camp ... Jump and fire to win a battle. DBG how does one...... Jump and shoot at the same time with no accuracy penalty? Please fix this ASAP
"Yes, because dogs and humans are clearly on the same level of intelligence and awareness. Fire/police men and women are trained as well. Doesn't mean i don't think they're brave."
"Just thought it was lots of gym bros wearing sweet tanks Is this a real question? You haven't noticed the whole ""suns out, guns out"" thing around here?"
"They said it was based on their opinion ""IMO"", so they don't need any sources Based on what? This article?"
Never knew that. Gastrodon Variations.
"Yeah because getting roofied and raped/robbed could never result in the same type of situation and roofing and robbing people is not common in vegas. Wish the guy had the decency to not get drunk and fall asleep, naked, outside his god damn room."
"As an ex-uq student, I endorse this comment your QUT friend is a moron."
Did you have a hard time coming up with that username? I'm lazy and have a hard time making decisions.
"You are not allowed to talk about production Unless another HG goes to the DR and is asked ""Hey, so how active are you on YouTube? Does Frankie look at all familiar to you?"" and then they go ""Hmm, Frankie looks familiar. Like he might be on YouTube."""
I'm glad that pillow was in focus the whole time. Chloe is so adorable!
"I'm not a fan of the Cowboy's but calling them ""butthole surfers"" is pretty derogatory man. On the positive side, Jimmy Johnson(former Cowboys coach) would come in and wave to us when he was buying tickets on Pan-Am and I got to meet the Butthole Surfers."
"Y'all get off Reddit and get cracking! I disagree. I think 'dirty' graphene will have its uses. It can be used as interconnects, transparent electrodes, or as the surface area materials in batteries but for any of the pie in the sky stuff it's going to be a while"
"Did not deliver :( Of her?? Not gunna do that, sorry. The only photos from the event are selfies"
"On this subreddit, skipping to the comments instead of reading the articles is surely the way to get the most accurate information. I had to read that headline 3 times before giving up and heading to the comments to see what he meant by that."
Totally because it was undertaker choice Me too. I lost a lot of my liking for the undertaker after that.
"STOP FOLLOWING ME YOU FREAK, jeez I agree! Let's start with you, ya jerk! Ah, we meet again, LeGinge19..."
Well these guys are doing something to get dates Well heres what *not* to do
"But good thing none of Hilary's mail is in there since she wasn't on those mail servers. WikiLeaks releases 20,000 new DNC emails"
"Gets thrown out at 1st going for that second run around the bases, that's a homerun Don't think you need the ""etc"" pretty sure you covered all the bases."
"""But I actually sometimes die in my yak-9 against Japan so they *must* be easy to play"" ""Japan: easy"" nice jokes m8"
"Nope, not a single one. Will Fallout 4's Season Pass apply to any potentially unannounced DLC? Or does the Season Pass only apply to the three most recent DLC's?"
lol cuz this movie totally isnt shitty and its definitely those hateful men I'll take the compliment.
"Grades are a social construct made by the patriarchy to discriminate against minorities! Oberlin Students Want Below-Average Grades Abolished, Midterms Replaced with Conversations"
"Never drinking whiskey again while on an expedition into Africa during the late 19th century, James Jameson, heir to the Jameson Irish whiskey empire, bought a 10 yr old girl for six handkerchiefs and gave her to cannibals so he could witness and sketch her being eaten."
"Yes it was an easy one too! Sorry but that was just a mess. He didn't even know what he was doing, so much that the defender also got confused. Sorry but this was not a display of skill."
How would an Aggie know? Waffle House always trumps girlfriends
They know everything they need to know about Turkish politics from that ELI5 that got posted after the July 15 coup ITT Turks vs Europeans. I mean how is everyone so much more knowledgeable regarding Turkish politics than *all* anti-Erdogan Turks?
The victim is society Why not just leave them in jail forever then? And not all felony convictions even involved a victim (drug possession).
"PC Mustard Rice. Man, did we have some fun tonight!"
Can you tell me about the time when Ottomans formed Arabia? What sort of bullshit do you have to deal with when you meet people outside of your country?
"Because no one EVER has been upset they missed out on an opportunity and lashed out before. Egor Vasilyev on Twitter: ""gg,out of Esea league cause of admins,thank you guys!"""
"Yeah, there's absolutely no reason to have a quality back up QB. I hope so. Mett is too good to be on a bench."
"Perhaps them saying *""Allahu Akbar""* is the same as people shouting *""World Star""* or something... but why is this on bestofworldstar lol"
"Battlestar Galactica is a space-themed Clue! Is Cosmic Encounter just Munchkin in space? Tonight at my FLGS I was talking with a friend and we got on the topic of Cosmic Encounter. He was convinced that it is just a slightly better, space-themed Munchkin. I don't think this is the case at all. I think he probably thinks that due to players being allowed to ""call for reinforcement/help"" and the backstabbing, but, at their cores, they are two completely different games. Has anyone ever heard something like this?"
"And everyone has an attorney. Yes. Spam, junkmail, and sales calls for all!"
"Doom 4 looks like Shit, anyone that is exited for that game is a jar of fagoo. Looks better than modern games including new ids newest shit."
"But driving is a right, not a privilege! Maybe if it was a lot harder to get (and keep) a license, people might act like that. As it is, as long as you know where the gas pedal is and can pretend like you know how to drive for 20 minutes out of your 60 years of driving, you're a-okay in the eyes of the law."
"OMG SO GUD UR ALMSLOT AS GUD AS LIVIN TOOMSTONER BEST YOOTUBE EVR 69/69 My parody of those ""(animatronic) sings the FNAF song"" videos that seem to be so popular."
So was Barak HUSSEIN Obama. He was elected twice.
"This isn't a dress up Barbie game Hope we can customize clothing for mypark in the future. I've never really liked the clothing in the 2k store. Plus I don't like seeing a bunch of players with the same clothing as me. I think it would be great to see customized clothing, from hoodies, caps, trousers. maybe even sneakers. Or let us change the colours of each layer of sneakers. Imagine you place your own logo onto your clothing, so during cutscenes in mycareer it looks like you have your own clothing line. I think customization makes the game a lot more enjoyable. The more, the better."
"no, we're on a different country. im no geographist, but canada is nowhere near america"
Camelot feels very bad for the poor people that can't play their games for A WHOLE DAY Wonder what Camelot thinks about this...
"Yeah, more butts in the seats, more consession buys, no more money Its not that they aren't willing to spend money, were a small market team and we don't *have* more money."
"You must be an mra for not choosing sides Yeah that's what I've gathered from all these people saying he's an MRA. Trying to spread that shit is just as childish as Fantano whining about SJW's and shit, people in here are so fucking immature"
Whites have it so much worse off than other races. I'm a reporter for CNN. Would you like to comment on your impending incarceration? Or are you white?
"Oh no, he has been kicked a few times in untold hours of gameplay! The abundance of stories like this lead to me not buying the game. I'm hesitant to buy any small-group multiplayer game like this simply because there is zero learning curve. It's more like a learning cliff. I wonder if Valve knows they're losing money because of things like this?"
Brisbane? My friend made this flashlight drawing. I think it is really good. Can you guess where she is from?
not at all Those usernames are literally giant red flags waving at you
"Sounds like **someone** thinks it's National Barbecue Day! For some reason it really grinds my gears when people feel the need to remind others what the fucking point of Memorial Day is. It's like the ""keep Christ in Christmas!"" vigilantes. It's like, yah I know why the holiday exists and I appreciate it. There's nothing wrong with wanting to observe by opening presents and drinking eggnog and being glad to have a day off of work. So on that note, I'm ready for baseball."
"I""M JUST BRUTALLY HONEST I usually just find them grating. It's fine being real, doesn't mean you have to be a jerk about it, even if you call it joking around. I dunno. ...I just wish the world wasn't so pessimistic in general."
"When they [had that flashback scene with Clementine and Lee in season 2 it hit me so hard.] Lee Everett, no question about that one."
"That's right, side cars don't get mechanical wear from being driven like normal cars... or maybe it's that their maintenance is free... That's probably their side car."
"Because, you, know, when Rob Ford poses for pictures with people its different and totally acceptable. Jonathan Kay on Twitter: ""Despicable cheap shot against Justin Trudeau on front (page) of Toronto Sun"""
Gotta expose dat Obama Bin Laden ! stay classy Oklahoma
"Well yeah, but you can't pay a fraud settlement with money that your son won in poker Dan Bilzerian didn't make his money on freaking poker, he inherited it from his dad's illegal schemes."
gee I don't know What's on after the game?
And yet they control everything! Hahahah Judaism is NOT one of the biggest religions. They make up less than .3% of the worlds population... 2.2% for America.
"Except Russia is not corrupt and the West is out to get them for no reason what so ever. While your points may be valid, they don't invalidate OP's point. They are both examples of potentially corrupt individuals profiting from relationships."
They all look the same Iraq not Iran bro
"No spoilers tag? Check Out Our Gingerbread House! The Bates Motel From Hitchcock's ""Psycho,"" Complete With Five Interior Rooms Depicting Scenes From The Movie"
"Yes, people committing crimes is *totally* analogous to people playing a different game mode that other players find obnoxious. Robbery is a bad mechanic for obtaining wealth but really we shouldn't hold those who commit it liable."
"Cocaine turns into soap all the time, it has a soap half life..... Man arrested in soap/cocaine mix-up sues in Pennsylvania"
"not enough exclusives Steam is nice, but i prefer them this way. (ft telescope)"
"You cheat the system. Why is masturbation considered such a taboo activity by many? In my opinion it is just natural to do it, but some people treat masturbation like its a drug habit."
Are... Are time has come More theories on Lord Lowden Clear
"That's heaven opening up for you as you pulled your cell phone out to take a pic :-) It's 4am, I'm in delta driving to the airport.. What is the bright light making the clouds light up like this??"
"Only some of us use mice. I'm still on Win 7. Win 10 looks promising but honestly, I'm afraid it'll still have native touchscreen tablet crap. I want a true desktop OS. Some of us still use mice."
Only drug users and pushers are being killed. He wrote the song Takbo urging Duterte to run. His father was EJKd. Mistaken ID.
"And that's the good news about Ms Conway. Long Before Trump, Kellyanne Conway Worked for Anti-Muslim and Anti-Immigrant Extremists"
"I LOVEEE when people claim to know your body better than you do.... ""You don't look good in a bikini"" Feeling really annoyed. I'm visiting my aunt and we decided to go to the beach because it was blazing hot out, except I didn't bring a swimsuit. She says I can borrow one of hers and I go all right, I usually wear a bikini. Totally forgetting that when most people thinking of a bikini they're not thinking bra size, underwire proper support bikinis. She comes out with the widest full coverage bottoms and the flimsiest, tiniest triangle top bikini string bikini and *insists* that it'll be fine and nonsense she knows better than me, it'll fit. (She's mom mom's age and both of them have this annoying I know better than you about boobs thing when they really don't.) It didn't fit. It didn't fit *at all*. They were more like flimsy nipple covers. I was at once sagging and also bulging out. I don't understand string bikinis and she makes me show her and then goes hm...why don't you try on this incredibly dowdy, full coverage all black one piece. It's good enough and as we go to the beach she says I should stick to one pieces because I look much better. And honey, not everyone can pull off a bikini but that's okay. Uggghhhhhhhh. I look fine. (One, people should wear whatever they want to wear and not be body shamed.) And two, *of course I'm not going to look great in a bikini that very clearly doesn't fit.* Full coverage bottoms aren't flattering on my shape (smaller with side ties work) and something that supports and lifts in a cute print is best. I love my aunt, but she does and says these things which is incredibly frustrating but it's not worth getting into it because she's a pretty strong minded person. Anyway just a rant to vent to someone."
Is that what 100% means? 100% is when usually you can access everything
"Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy! Vick signs 6 year, $100 million contract."
"What the article is called: ""Ukraine's IMF Bailout: Too Little Too Late"" What you named the thread: ""Ukraine's economy is fucked: IMF wants austerity"" good job Ukraine's economy is fucked: IMF wants austerity"
But it's different! Don't Catholics drink the blood of Christ every Sunday? So does that mean the Bible has to go too?
Yea man it sucks that men are never held to any unrealistic standards that women aren't held to OK or Not OK... why?
"Lol, it's not his turn. This guy should run for President of the US...oh wait."
You tell those sheeple buddy yeah i guess you would rather be told what to think rather than how to think. i get it.. A lot of people live their whole lives that way..
so they shrink the older they get? Oysters at different stages of growth
Golpistas win. The bomb has been planted
You forgot the Eat some tofu and you will feel better. Gluten causes inflammation.
Haha ur funny i want my to 2d to be 3d sbs
"Oh yea, The Laugh Factory wouldn't exist if it wasn't for him. Well to be fair, I heard on some comedian podcasts that he sort of ""earn the right"" to do that since he's one of the dudes that made the Laugh Factory a ton of money. But I'd be pissed if I missed Chappelle"
"Damn I was supposed to go in early March, but not that it's owned by ABinBev I'm not supporting it! Goose Island sells original brewpub to Anheuser-Busch"
"Pay to win How to destroy with z7 imp Ammo, damage, reload. You destroy everything quickly"
"You just died too much, not s+ worthy if you die. Riot plz"
That giant hulking switch on my back. What's Your Biggest Turn Off?
but... but... but... they earned it :( Capitalism Doesn't Work
I bet thats a toggle on OSbuddy! This seems to be how 80% of RS players think DDOS'ing works.
"...but I'm on my phone and it doesn't show the sidebar! Arby's is the best restaurant in town for locals, and has the most authentic Po Boys for anyone too lazy to read the side bar."
"I wonder if there are wives wondering where savings went...should be It seemed like majority were blue collar - machinist, trucker, etc. Those can be decent paying blue collar jobs, to the point where you *could* technically blow hundreds of bucks on a pair of shoes, but no level headed person in that income range would. Maybe someone young, foolish, and fashion obsessed might, but not your average middle aged blue collar worker, or even white collar worker in that pay bracket. And middle age, blue collar women with families going out and blowing a thousand bucks on shoes? *Extremely* hard to imagine."
That's racist! you're in the wrong neighborhood
"Because the space program costs us so much, relative to our budget. This. The military budget has nothing to do with anything. Yes we have a large military budget, but we also self fund a much larger space program than all of europe. The military budget is just one example of different spending priorities, it's not military or education. Comparing education budgets makes much more sense."
"Wait i thought Clarkson was the next coming of Magic Johnson, why wpuld you want to replace him with a non allstar? Come play with Randle, Okafor/Townes, and some other FA over in Laker town!"
And Benghazi; don't forget Benghazi! New questions raised about U.S.-Saudi relationship. The 28 pages. U.S. legislators pushing to know more about alleged Saudi role in 9/11
How can this be cos play there isn't even any cleavage My Geraltina of Rivia kicking ass a wicked Bruxa
I think you forgot this. The ps4 is more powerful than any pc ever built and costs less. PS master race!
"Wow, I totally expected Rammus' outplay. Faker Ezreal VS Ohq Rammus"
"Ye mate, they're all closet racists. It's the only argument they have with any merit considering you have basically every single economic authority saying it's a terrible idea to leave. But the leave campaign haven't got the spine to admit they're just xenophobic."
"But... but coal energy isn't destroying the planet, and if you want solar panels and windmills, or you want the EPA to mandate that you can't cover neighborhoods in coal dust, you're a godless commie and you hate Ameriiiiiccccaaaaaaaaaaaaa Cleaning the dust out of a pc used in a coal testing lab"
"I love paying money to go into a club to pay more money for overpriced drinks and mediocre entertainment! Usually a few seconds after I pay the cover charge and walk in the door, I'd go ""Oh, that's right! I hate clubs!"""
That wall can't come soon enough. \#OscarsSoMexican
Stop being so sexist! That does not look fun. At all. No money in the world can compensate for that body trauma.
Someone on that 88 team really wanted to get Alex Bowman in the car. Did they ever give a reason as to how or why Jeff Gordon's belts came undone?
If you rerack the bar quietly how will everyone else in the room know to look at you? I agree with you on this particular lift. I have never seen anyone use bumpers for squatting and I've never seen anyone drop the bar off their shoulders onto the floor. This makes no sense. If she can squat 300 she can re-rack it.
"Not sure if it's a ""twist"" per se, but in Torchwood: Children of Earth when they find out [the aliens are using the kids as recreational drugs.] What plot twist blew your mind more than all others?"
Oh yeah because if you're not rich and famous then you are scum. except you're nothing but a dog behind a computer screen
"I hear them street smarts is the same as 4 degrees. ""There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that 'my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge."" - *Isaac Asimov*"
*shocked* I don't think anyone saw THAT coming. TSA Spokesman: full body scanners to be primary screening method
"He makes himself sound to desirable. ""I'm the one who liked you..."" - I can't remember ever talking with this guy, but I'm pretty sure I told him I'm married (I'm not) to make him go away the last time. Everything else is true, though."
"Good thing this happened off the job, he was a model cop for sure. Divorced cop ran his ex-wife off the road then shot her dead in front of their daughter over a bitter custody dispute"
And has a big back seat If you haven't already go and test the new corvette. If you're looking in that price range the corvette would be a good benchmark to see what you wanted. Also it's awesome.
But...but...HE WAS COACH OF THE YEAR THIS ONE TIME! Mike Brown Fired as Lakers Coach
"Rage comics, just what this sub needs. Just because I'm tired of having this argument..."
Oh but they have to change the order of the homework questions so students can't use a previous version Seriously..updates for an undergrad math book? This shit hasn't been changed in hundreds of years!
"automatically at a disadvantage for using discord And what if you can't or don't? Then you do solo queue, and it's just unfair to have to go up against discord-linked 5-man stomp teams."
"So if I smoke a lot, bigger chances? This Guy Put it in a Language They Can Understand"
Overseas but not abroad because America rules the waves So what about travelling from California to Hawaii?
"Yeah man EU is gonna take over the fucking world People for the longest time didn't believe in The New World Order or Globalism. Now it seems that that has been proven. The E.U. is the biggest example, and I applaud Britain for taking a stand."
And Trumps gonna win Cali in the GE Trump is losing Arizona to whichever Dem he faces
Well as long as you tell everyone I guess it's OK. It must take a lot of skill to repost something the same day it was put on a different subreddit.
"Yes, because no one commits crimes in disarmed populaces. If it was harder to procure a killing instrument perhaps criminal behavior would decline."
"Just because your friends open their home to friends and acquaintances doesn't give them a free pass to break into others' homes. These are friends of mine, good people that open their home consistently for friends and acquaintances. This is massively crappy. Share with everyone you know!!!"
"Yeah, let Jeb Bush win -he'll totally be a peace-sucking hippie! Also hillary is a war mongering scumbag and even regular people strongly dislike her. She's also for making flag desecration illegal. So make that a fascist war mongering scumbag."
"No, but he was born in the west and thus he's better than those muslims in the middle east. If you had 90% of your skilled workforce and teachers killed would you be able to rebuild you society?"
because bernies terrible secret is going be revealed and leave his campaign in tatters. Remember it is still 6 months until the Iowa caucus
I just don't understand why there aren't more scythes around Weed Whacker vs Scythe
But political correctness is what is really ruining comedy. The Second City cast and staff quit after unprecedented racist taunts from audiences
The only reason to own a gun is to make up for inadequate penis length. I'm betting their combined penis length is shorter than the bullets in those guns.
"Yet another job lost to automation! I really don't even have to show up these days, do I :P"
"Nope didnt hit depth, not once Pause Squat 5 Rep PR at 325lb(148kg) BW:150lb(68kg)"
"It's a Barca youngster, of course it was genius play. Sorry to be a Debbie downer, but really? He was tackled twice and lucky bounces let him keep the ball. Only his third dribble actually worked. Then he played a 3 yard pass to Suarez with good weight but slightly bouncing. Was it really so brilliant?"
"Just wait for DSIII: Scholars Edition with DX12 support. NG+ is disappointing When I started NG+ I was really expecting them to borrow what the team done in Dark Souls 2. In Dark Souls 2, there were a few interesting changes, such as new item pick ups, dark phantoms hanging around the map and even in several boss rooms, and even Freja showed up earlier than expected. Dark Souls 3 doesn't seem to do much other than +1 rings."
US college is so expensive because of the internet And thus a real reason to go to college lol.
"yes, who could expect Apple to put limitations on the use of apps and hardware..... And this is one of the things that I do not like about piracy, the impact it can have on small dev groups. The guilt is not felt as strongly when pirating a large application that pushes millions of units, but when you pirate an application that sells 10 units a day @ $0.99, I can't help but feel bad. If the iTunes store had a try-before-you-buy deal that would be great. However I, like many get bored with App-store games/apps quickly, so the try-before-you-buy deal would likely not give me any incentive to buy in the end. Some dev's are already doing this on their own however. They are releasing 'lite' versions of their games/apps for free, then paid versions and encouraging users to buy the full app. This seems to be the most effective way, as you can't expect Apple to put timers for 'demo' use in place, and you certainly can't expect Apple to put limitations on your application for trial use. If you want to encourage purchases, create a stripped down version for free then use that to encourage users to buy the full game. If the lite version has enough of a hook, users will bite on the full."
"Keep blaming whitey, its a winning strategy. Nobody came out to vote for Clinton, Trump got less votes than Republican candidates in years they lost, but Clinton got even less. Clinton still had multiple times higher minority vote, the same as any democratic candidate except for the first black president, obviously. Of course, a lot of that can be put down to the targeted efforts to suppress their vote, leading to minorities having to wait and travel magnitudes more for a vote than whites."
"If you pirate it, they get 100% of the money you spent. What method of buying an album currently gives the artist the largest % of the sale? For example, Chevelle just came out with a new album. I really like Chevelle. I want them to get the most out of my purchase. Where should I buy the album so that they get the largest return?"
"And last time they changed Star Wars it went so well, right? I'm just saying they've changed titles before."
"Because I was born white. Racists of reddit, why are you racist?"
"I bet it happens to you a lot. Any time I talk with a Jewish person who tries to get Holocaust sympathy for some unrelated reason, I show them this."
"Xiaomi's next ad is going to have the tagline ""We make phones to die for"" Bangalore: Flipkart delivery boy murdered for Redmi Note 3"
Not THIS again! He's black and blue
Oh well if that's the case then I don't see what the fuss is about. Man arrested on child porn charges: Porn was 'only of kids I didn't know'
"See, you just don't understand how much HAAARDER it is to be a grown man than a child. Yes I just checked. Any single adult, male or female, is eligible for food stamps , and in most states, Medicaid, if the earn under 133% of the federally set poverty level."
"You'd have a bigger epeen here on reddit, isn't that enough of a reason? Well, I have no reason to upgrade my RAM. 8GB is sufficient for my system, even if I add another 8GB, it'd never get used, and i'd be throwing money away. Just because it a low price component compared to rest of my PC doesn't mean i'm going to throw money at it for the sole purpose of a number spec boost."
"Yes, that is exactly what I said. So you expect the entire country to shut down?? No stores, medical care, restaurants, gas stations, just everything shut down."
"Also, it's not enslaving poor people to subject them to insane healthcare and rent prices with a meager minimum wage. Remember, it's enslaving doctors if you have single payer healthcare and enslaving professors if you have free college, but it's not enslaving hero police and soldiers to protect your free speech."
Yeh your totally right it's a well known fact that most neith players are horrible people. Is it just me or are Neith players schmucks?
Even the game is telling you that you have no life.... Anyone else getting this occasionally?
"But don't you see, he was being witty and insightful by mocking sexism! Getting more pathetic with every comment, OP. Well done."
Democrats are working hard to push back on the DC riders Talks to Avoid a Shutdown Will Drag on Another Week
"Quantum chem? Quantum, teacher started the semester by saying there were probably only a few dozen people on the planet that truly understood the material and it was just adderal and facepalms from there out."
"I hear Hillary is deep in the pockets of *Big Math* Paul Krugman from the NY Times on Twitter: How can Clinton be ahead? Sanders just won 7 states, total pop 20 million; Clinton won Florida, pop 20 million, by 30 points. No mystery."
"Totally unlike the vast majority of redditors who are so self-assured. So in other words, he also thinks he's disgusting."
"Yeah, because I've seen plenty of actual homosexuals raging against girls who like dolls, this pic is so true and not exagerated at all Merry Christmas!"
"Taking all bets Was it really Reddit, or was it just you, **testiclesofscrotum**?"
"I have heard conflicting information that it's between 5 and 10, but my estimates put it around 21 to be honest. How many players have joined since open beta started ? Hi guys, I was just wondering if anyone know, how many new players joined the game or how many people are playing it ?"
"They only can't do that because they don't have any hands, you dummy! Just because orca are cunning predators doesn't make them intelligent. They can't do math. They don't have written language. They can't really build anything impressive. They just hunt well and people call them intelligent. When an orca can do 5th grade math let me know."
"Nah, God has a plan. So, the man who was 'Called and Anointed' by God to Be the Next President.... Has just dropped out of the race. Does that make Trump more powerful than God?"
Hilarious. I actually do. It was granted me by M. Gibson.
Minnesota is like -30 degrees in August They've never been to minnesota. We're okay with this. Good job bison
"Yes, teams on a virtual game are exactly like black people having to go to schools for ""colored people."" Pansexual tumblrina tired of being repressed"
Driving high is easy so how hard can it be for a pilot. When a lot of your job relies on your imagination yes you can definitely smoke and thrive at your job but if you're a truck driver or a train conductor or a pilot you should definitely not have any weed in your system.
"Everyone is talking about those two huge movies going head to head, but I bet that Pusha T short film will destroy both of those. No. Those records are going to belong to Alvin and the Chipmunks 4 that weekend. Star Wars doesn't stand a chance."
"OMG u want to passively keep up with acquaintances instead of calling and talking to 2000 people every month for 1/2 an hour? If it weren't for facebook messenger, i'd be long gone from that pit of endless stupidity."
"Yeah, in case they go with that design, they have a lot to test in milling compared to the 6... Or they're just testing out milling etc before production"
Yer' VW is killing the planet. Yesterday I went to an amusement park / zoo
"Siri doesn't want you to know that jet fuel can't melt steel beams. Don't ask it anything about the 9/11 terrorist attack, seriously DON'T! Not kidding, don't do it. You'll be sorry. I'm not joking or using reverse psychology neither."
"You could say he took a harlem shake to the tummy An honest mistake from Cristiano. A *RonalD'oh!*, nothing more."
"Pay coin you say? Anybody know anything about ""paycoin""? - seems to be performing quite well."
So you're part of the problem... You sometimes had to double check in Civ V if one tile is a hill or is next to a river. I hope the new art style will make that more clear.
"Yeah because every problem is cause of DDOS......... Nice! Thanks for pointing out! I guess they extended the bet window, because of the DDOS."
"Yeah, this game is so unrealistic! Druid - The Problem with Feral Worgen"
"No no, a third of the US is just waiting to hit puberty and cease being overweight. But shitty eating/exercise habits are hard to shake if you aren't taught them properly from a young age. Not to mention puberty doesn't just magically make kids lose fat."
"Ah, the best restaurant strategy. The platter size makes to look more monstrous. The decision is likely based on marketing rather than customer experience."
"So you are saying, there is a chance... She's not into you. She will never be into you like she is into any of the guys she's been dating and will date in the future. One day when she's old if she doesn't settle down with one of the guys she finds herself attracted to she might consider you as being a 'safe' option for when she can't find an exciting one anymore. Break free and find someone who actually wants you as their number one option, not their last resort. You'll never be happy if she *settles* for you."
I recommend the Bose soundlink color. Australia needs a truly independent Speaker
Yeah its not like our recent recession caused a global recession or anything. You clearly overestimate your country's importance.
Nice spoiler tag there Now that TwoThirds is returning to MC with Priority One. I thought this was appropriate.
"It's real Hide in your bunkers and start investing in gold, the economy crash is upon us Is this for real?"
"I hope she's Killer Frost with a really thick Southern accent this time. When asked, if you get a boyfriend in season 3 and if he will be alive"
"When i get a new GPU ill of course fill up the places between 1 and 5 in your top 5 plays so sure just do it but wait for me ;-) Top 5 Plays of the Month?? Hey Guys, maybe I want to start Top 5 Plays of the Month. What are you guys thinking of this idea? I know I havent got many subscribers or big range.. But I want to try it."
"Stop glorifying war you war-monger! Crowded ship bringing American troops back to New York harbor after V-E Day, 5/8/1945"
How many souls have you poisoned I've done that one before. The cooks illustrated pie crust. When I was still a TBM! My first time buying Vodka. I've cooked for church functions with wine in the sauce too. Shh don't tell.
"bruh mexico is paying that wall, right? Yeah, building a massive wall and cutting taxes across the board (Trump) need no explaining, even though they will balloon the deficit. Since Hillary hasn't released much, you have no idea if she will spend trillions as you suggest Bernie would. If Bernie needs to release that information, you should just take the consistent stance they all need to."
"Here, you dropped this: I Forgot That It's Incredibly Easy To Just Delete Them"
"Didn't you know this meme is now ""Double Standards Woman""? What does this have to do with college liberals?"
"finally... damn dog was useless before this picture. Finally, my dog does something of value"
"Those damn insufferable twit Germans who insist Porsche is pronounced ""poor-sha""... who are they to tell us how to correctly pronounce their language? Why you need 60 Gjallarhorns Everyone knows the mighty Gjallarhorn -- pronounced ""yallerhorn"" by the same insufferable twits who insist Porsche is pronounced ""poor-sha"" -- is the best thing in the entire game. It kills a guardian in Crucible like a dozen times over, it's good at killing the bad guy at the end of the Crota raid (whatever his name is), and if there were girls playing this game one of them might even be impressed that you have it. Which is why everyone knows you need one. But it turns out that one isn't nearly enough, you actually need 60. Here's why: there are other exotic weapons in the game that you will never use once the black-suits wake you up in the middle of the night to surreptitiously pass you the awesome Gjallarhorn. You can only equip one exotic weapon at a time and that weapon will be, of course, the amazing Gjallarhorn. Let's consider the other exotics and see why you'll never use them again once you get the incredible Gjallarhorn: Hard Light. Pros: sounds like it is doing something useful. Cons: it isn't. Exotic shard 1. Suros Regime. Pros: can reminisce about when it used to be overpowered. Cons: nerfed so many times Suros sold it to Mattel. Exotic shard 2. Necrochasm. Pros: the hardest weapon to earn in the game. Cons: using it makes you realize you wasted a Husk Of The Pit. Exotic shard 3. Vex Mythoclast. Pros: only need to complete VOG hard a few dozen times to get one. Cons: you're obligated to use it even though it's been nerfed to the point it should be a blue gun. Exotic shard 4. The Last Word. Pros: shoots bullets. Cons: after upcoming hand cannon nerf those bullets will only travel a few inches. Exotic shard 5. Thorn. Pros: bounty takes forever. Cons: someday you'll finish the bounty, go to Crucible, and lose in a gunfight to a blue Painted Chief. Exotic shard 6. Bad Juju. Pros: low impact, poor range, terrible recoil. Cons: everything else. Exotic shard 7. Red Death. Pros: the description says you should destroy it on sight. Cons: it doesn't self-destruct. Exotic shard 8. Mida Multi-tool. Pros: makes you appreciate how much fun the vendor scout rifles with firefly and explosive rounds are. Cons: gets dusty in the vault. Exotic shard 9. Universal Remote. Pros: the description makes it sound awesome. Cons: the description was written by the Bungie marketing team. Exotic shard 10. Plan C. Pros: only takes up one weapon slot. Cons: Murmur is free and better. Exotic shard 11. Pocket Infinity. Pros: built-in calendar to measure charge time. Cons: on auto the recoil puts 2 of the 3 shot mag into the ceiling. Exotic shard 12. Invective. Pros: it's fun to be revived. Cons: it's a Destiny shotgun. Exotic shard 13. Ice Breaker. Pros: regenerates ammo so you get nearly as many shots off during a strike as you would with a regular sniper rifle. Cons: even green sniper rifles have faster rate of fire, more impact, and less recoil. Exotic shard 14. Patience and Time. Pros: 4 shot clip gives you lots of reload practice. Cons: active radar only useful if you confuse ""sniper rifle"" with ""shotgun"". Exotic shard 15. No Land Beyond. Pros: you can shard it before anyone sees you with it. Cons: was only supposed to be available on April 1. Exotic shard 16. Super Good Advice. Pros: doesn't shoot backwards. Cons: doesn't shoot forwards. Exotic shard 17. Thunderlord. Pros: makes those without heaven-sent Gjallarhorns feel better about themselves. Cons: no one is fooled by the charade. Exotic shard 18. Truth. Pros: proximity detonation and huge blast radius means you're guaranteed at least one kill -- yourself. Cons: has prototype tracking so rockets aggressively follow enemies before detonating on an obstruction. Exotic shard 19. Dragons Breath. Pros: hilarious comments in forums about why it doesn't suck. Cons: it's a weapon that lobs a solar grenade. Exotic shard 20. I left a few off the shard list on purpose. Monte Carlo, Hawkmoon, The 4th Horseman. Pros: PS4 users feel superior because Xbox users paid the same amount but can't get them. Cons: PS4 users can't stay connected to Sony long enough to find one. Fate Of All Fools. Pros: if you're sick enough in real life they might give you one. Cons: hope you're never sick enough to get one. As you can see, you will shard every other exotic once you get the awe-inspiring Gjallarhorn. That's 20 exotic shards per character. What are you going to do with them? Upgrade your fleet of terrific Gjallarhorns. With 3 characters that means you need 60 fabulous Gjallarhorns. And more vault space to hold them. Please Bungie, more vault space."
chalta hai sir lol ! The office of the president of India has no professional integrity! reflects the mindset of the Indian people.
LITERALLY *GAME BREAKING* Grammatical Error Within Name Change Dialog Box
"Yeah your candidate just makes a *few* dozen racist remarks and the libtards will find a way to twist it like that's important. Liberals, always making it about race"
"Obviously they need white people to be offended on their behalf, since minorities are incapable of such social insight It's too bad we can't let Chinese people actually get offended before we get offended for them."
League of Legends teaches you teamwork! What are the best examples of games that actually help you learn or accomplish something?
Yes because they ban every single card right away Yeah because they will ban him now. Not when he took over legacy years ago. Now is when they will ban him.
"I didn't realize the Gestapo had medical degrees. ""The police are worst than racist germans who kill jews and torture them in medical experiments."" Its ridiculous claims like this that makes people take it less serious and it belittles the persecuted."
"But they found the poker with cob webs on it. Murder. Second murder by Peterson, most likely."
"That's probably why you shouldn't post. I didn't even realize they were quoting a verse, I thought they were just telling me to deal with it."
"But if all GamerGaters are men, how can his girlfriend be a GamerGater? Fast Company: ""Oculus founder Palmer Luckey dates a GamerGater IRL"" (""The question is: Will all of this hurt Oculus' business?"")"
You get cloned. what happens when multiple khepri's ult one target?
"Don't you mean *Cultural Marxism*? Well that would be Marxist theory for each of those individual fields which are branches off the main, critical theory of Marxism"
I DUNNO WHY WE ARE YELLING! ANUS!!!!!!!
Because she is cancer beautiful use of colors and texture on cloths. but why does she look like she is a cancer survivor?
#TOLERANT AND PEACEFUL AS FUCK Protester pepper sprays 8 &amp; 11 year old female Trump supporters.
"Oh yeah, then why do some states have funky shapes? You cannot gerrymander senators."
"the truth is that it is very beautiful no Look, it's a member of the Illuminati trying to silence the truth."
Just imagine how much more they would've sold if they'd used DRM. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt has sold near 10 million copies worldwide
well nba rules says if you hit a player's head and the ball goes out of bounds it's just the ball back to the offensive player He clearly hit him in the head.
"But he's a defender, so he won't be doing that again Antonio scored 8 in half a season last year"
"It's just Chinese air mail. Empty packages from China Hi all. Basically, I keep getting these empty packages sent to my house from China. After doing some researching, it seems that my address is likely being used in some sort of scam, whether that be for fake tracking numbers or brushing or whatever. My main concern though is how to stop this from happening as nothing I've searched has led to any answers about preventing further packages from arriving. Is there any way I can report it or stop these packages from arriving? Has anyone else had any success with stopping this once it started? (I've seen a few reddit posts about people experiencing similar situations). Thanks."
Proof that video game peripherals are teaching people to be violent. The closest I'll ever get to loading a revolver
Literally Hitler. Cokie Roberts Try To Hold Donald Trump Responsible For Racist White Children Who Harass Children of Color
"Needs a lenny face for the fudge layer of Sorry, I assumed you'd get the thick layer or sarcasm I spread on that comment. Never assume..."
Implying that's not what were like. How I imagine furry haters see us.
"Totally worth being caged with a tree, she would have gotten an amazing view of the band from there Girl wedgies herself at Soundwave Melbourne"
"And a waste of UK foren aid BBC article coming up "" India has its priorities wrong, saving human lives here on earth than putting hunk of metal in space."""
"You forgot the I enjoy there commentary, pretty smart analytic and entertaining."
"B-but he was just asking what idgaf means ""I don't give a fuck"""
"Should have sent her to Guantanamo for an ""enhanced interrogation."" What I don't get if she is such a security risk, why let her go back on the street? Doesn't make sense does it, she must be up to no good cause she wont be rape scanned or fondled, so we will put her back on the street and hope she doesn't just blow up a train instead WTF?"
"Thanks for that refutation, you totally destroyed my point Okay, goodbye"
"Mike Tice, obviously. So who do we hire in place of Lovie?"
"The author was just testing us, of course. Why does the article specifically list flipwalkers as targets? The reason most of them are good is because they flip into planeswalkers... but under their owner's control. It's just a glorified removal spell against them."
Damn that's original You look like a girl with daddy issues
"No, but muslim isn't an ethnicity so I can be as horrible as I want. Rather impressive hypocrisy. Angry about increase antisemitism they're attributing towards Muslims, who they hate. So Muslims are bad for being antisemitic, and that makes you what for being anti-Muslims exactly?"
"And in a game you should be polite and let your enemies reload it would be unsportsmanlike not to Knifing AFKs is poor etiquette Does anyone else feel that knifing someone who's 'AFK' is pretty poor sportsmanship? Often it'll be due to the game/connection bugging out, so the team's already at a disadvantage due to missing a man, and you're getting a free kill, but you don't really deserve the knife money bonus. This would probably be priority #2000 on the list of things to 'fix', but I think it'd be great if the knife bonus would get negated if the player who has been knifed hasn't moved for the entire round."
you just need more gold mvp stars. How is that even possible nowadays..
"It's incredible to contemplate, isn't it? So you're telling me that Goodell fucked something up?"
"EA Other than Facebook, what company do you wish bought the Oculus Rift?"
"Yeah but Florida football was only founded in 1990, so it only took us 6 years. Took Florida until 1996 and Auburn until 2004 to catch us."
"You forgot the You are so right, you rarely get articles on the frontage of this subreddit that portrait Islam or immigrants in a critical way. It's certainly a repressed fringe opinion here."
"Eddie McGuire. I guess this depends a great deal on who the moderator is and what the questions are. I also have a sneaking suspicion that the worm is going to dive the first few times Gillard speaks. She's a lot more articulate than Abbott though, which is why she's all for multiple debates. I would be surprised if Abbott agreed to more than one though."
"Oh god, the contrails already got to you! Chemtrails. People still believe that bullshit. It is a conspiracy theory designed to frighten those with little knowledge of aviation or meteorology. Yes, weather modification and cloud seeding do exist, but in the way the conspiracy theorists think. The conspiracy theorists believe that a chemtrail is visible longer than a ""normal contrail"" but no contrail is the same. Their characteristics depend on the atmospheric conditions at altitude. The theorists also see videos of ordinary passenger jets and will call normal things, such as flap track fairings, nozzles. I could go on because I've studied both aviation and meteorology (in an institution - I didn't just read a bunch of shit on the internet), but the boneheads never listen."
"Just a joke bro! Real question: Are there not situations where people SHOULD have the right to not be offended? If you are working in an office and you are the only black guy, and everyone keeps making racist comments about black people, would it not be actually appropriate to believe that your work might not be judged appropriately in such an environment? Would it actually be right to be offended, and shouldn't the boss do something to prevent that? If a woman is trying to go about her business, walking down the road, and men are yelling obscene things at her, shouldn't she have the right not to have to deal with that? Fuck, as a guy if I'm sitting on a bus and a random stranger sits besides me and starts talking to me, I feel like they are invading my space. I'm annoyed as hell. Wouldn't the correct attitude be that people should not have the right to take away your personal time? While I totally agree that ""thick skins"" should be necessary, and I do see over reactions all the god-damn time, I think ""offensive language"" and ideas actually do more harm than this video suggests. Offensives ideas spread and infect minds, and those ideas legitimately affect how people act. I'm not arguing we should censor such speech, but I am asking the question, isn't there a line where ""the right to not be offended"" should be a thing? At the point where offensive ideas actually get in the way of people's ability to live their lives normally?"
Der Riese If you had the option to remake any map what would it be? Very curious to see what everyone in the community would pick. My choice would be Kino mainly for the nostalgia like The Giant did for Der Reise.
"Yup, being swept by the current NBA Champions that defeated a team that went 73-9 during the NBA season is definitely something to discredit their offense. And they get swept every year."
Hyperbole is funny~! Because in real life there is totally a 775% increase in price between the S and the XL of the same garment. No absurd hyperbole here.
You just ruined the game #JustMasterRaceThings
"Oh but they're ""form fitting""...we might see the little girl's ""figure"". Why would they ban leggings? Leggings are cheap, comfortable, come in every color, and very popular. More modest than skirts or dresses. I don't get it."
I thought The Moment Racism Ended was when we elected a black president It's a white person question. We white people like to believe that all racism and systemized oppression ended in 1968.
"That isn't because of common sense but because your zinc industry lobbyists suck. Well if you live in Canada you actually would of had to give them 1$, because pennies are no longer being made and are being taken out of circulation."
Well it's a good thing you had the smash demo screen up so you could post it here for some reason . A day before release
"Yeah screw them, they're the evil rich people! I'd worry a little less about your employer and a lot more about the underpinnings for our entire legal justice system. Christ."
But Smackdown has Cena! Man smackdown sure is missing out.
Don't act like there are any other players on the cavs that are worth a dime! J. R. Smith
"One could still drive it dry, no? They listed dry weight as 3,362lb. Big difference vs. wet weight."
Or the massive amount of maintenance required to repair a bike lane due to that leaky oil sump on your bike? Insurance for what? The massive damage caused by bike accidents?
"Duh obviously all the male ""victims"" will call in and the female victims won't be able to get though Why not just have one fucking line? I hate everyone."
"Obviously this guy must have had a record. Hidden Camera Catches NYPD Cops Arresting Man For No Reason, Making Up Purpose for Stopping Him | Alternet"
Yes because we totally didn't have dust that ate people in Series 4. Yep. Fuck me sideways. Monsters made from eye crust.
"A little long winded, try condensing it down. Miatas really are great cars to work on - here are some things I've picked up in my year of ownership"
"Don't be silly, poor people don't deserve a decent standard of living. If we don't want to live in shoeboxes, we need to bring back housing standards (the type of minimum space requirements that were used in the 1960s)"
"She doesn't have the priesthood, it's not like she has authority over him. Stay-at-home wife denied temple recommend due to husband not paying tithing My friend has chosen not to pay tithing for the past 6 years and consequently hasn't had a temple recommend despite otherwise being active. Bishop recently hauled his temple-recommend-holding-stay-at-home wife in for an interview. He told her that because her husband doesn't pay tithing, she needs to relinquish her temple recommend. She protested saying that she can't compel her husband to pay tithing on his income and that she doesn't work and doesn't have income. Bishop pulls her temple recommend and says she can't hold a calling. Is this a standard practice? I've never heard of this before."
"These fine gentlemen are going to bring multiculturalism to Europe! A boat of ""refugees"" arriving in Europe, of course full of women, children, and some of the finest doctors and engineers Europe has ever seen"
"Batman v Superman DISCUSSION: If DC wanted to make a Action-Comedy movie (similar to what Guardians of the Galaxy is) that would be a success, which character/team should they use? If DC wanted to make a Action-Comedy movie (similar to what Guardians of the Galaxy is) that would be a success, which character/team should they use? It's commonly believed that Suicide Squad was supposed to do just that, but it was a major flop. Poorly done. But I believe it's doable. But I want to read some of your ideas and suggestions."
"Because that's totally what happens in Hearthstone, a completely F2P game that does the same thing. Then everyone will get the skins they want and everyone will stop buying loot boxes which will make blizzard very sad."
Naa its way easier to strike a perfectly timed volley into the top corner! A header from a corner. So impressive.
"Yes, because everyone knows people who happen to be in Israel are all supportive of the war, and in fact deserve to be bombed. ""Innocence"""
"DUDE RITO ONLY FAVOURS WESTERN TEAMS \*PUTS TIN FOIL HAT* Name one team at worlds that consistently uses more than two subs, you can't. Any team that's serious about winning the world championship subs out 1 ~ 2 players and that's ONLY if they're sick or the match simply doesn't matter so they are giving a player stage experience."
Believing that people have inherent value and worth is emotional ... Advocating that governments stop murdering innocent people is a rational argument.
"You can't have immigrants if you're all one country! ""M8 we both know there is only one man who can solve the immigration crisis in Europe"" *picture of Putin saying only he can save Europe from multiculturalism, homosexual propaganda and destruction of white culture*"
But the CG *totally* made up for it! Mekakucity Actors wasn't bad it was just inconsistent.
Color me shocked. Pablo Zabaleta named player of the year!
I am sure the free market will fix this just like it did with the passenger pigeon and the Buffalo. Sushi eaters pushing Pacific bluefin tuna to brink of extinction
You mean people won't buy silvers in an MVP collection for 30k? It's not that muthead is off its that there aren't always buyers for cards priced redicuously
"Yeah guys, don't you want to see the Panthers vs Hurricanes? Winter Classic Anyone else tired of seeing the Blackhawks or any Original 6 team in the classic? Get some new teams already, tired how the the league favors O6 teams!"
BECAUSE HE'S MEAN. One easy question: why?
"Because Spanish colonies are flourishing Yes, if only America didn't subdue it's development after Spain had colonized it."
"The fix is in! Lmao, the refs call *ONE* shitty out of bounds call in favor of the Cavs and all of sudden it's ""GOTTA GET THE CAVS TO GAME 7"", ""OF COURSE THAT'S CAVS BALL HERR DERR"". Cmon yall..."
But won't a Felony make it hard for them to get a job? It is a FELONY.
No it is scandalous and evil and they should be boycotted! I think there's a word for that. Advertising? Promoting?
"I don't know what this is, so I'm going to down vote it. ""Bulls On Parade"" Come wit it now! Come wit it now! The microphone explodes, shattering the molds Either drop tha hits like de la O or get tha fuck off tha commode Wit tha sure shot, sure ta make tha bodies drop Drop an don't copy yo, don't call this a co-op Terror rains drenchin', quenchin' tha thirst of tha power dons That five sided fist-a-gon Tha rotten sore on tha face of mother earth gets bigger Tha triggers cold empty ya purse Rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells They rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells They rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells They rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells Weapons not food, not homes, not shoes Not need, just feed the war cannibal animal I walk tha corner to tha rubble that used to be a library Line up to tha mind cemetary now What we don't know keeps tha contracts alive an movin' They don't gotta burn tha books they just remove 'em While arms warehouses fill as quick as tha cells Rally round tha family, pockets full of shells Rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells They rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells They rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells They rally round tha family! With a pocket full of shells Bulls on parade"
"Shaking from all the adderall. You see that friberg is about to explode in happyness, so happy for him, god damn I missed this Friberg"
"You mean having a bunch of almost vampire slayers suddenly becoming vampire slayers and an entire town turning into a giant pit didn't wrap that show up nicely for you? Buffy. Buffy just got so absolutely STUPID by the end of the series I was glad it was finally ending. I didn't even give a shit at that point, I was glad my favourite characters were dying so they could *escape the stupidity* with one of the lamest Big Bads of the series."
"Have you tried working harder and not feeling entitled to food? I'm between poor and not poor. The only thing I really want is to be able to afford food(not overeat, just eat.) I don't care about having a new car every X years or going on vacation. I'm fine getting by week to week. My only issue is I can't afford food week to week without assistance. I don't want assistance(especially since it's cancelled every 3 months and I have to reapply/qualify for it because they ""messed up paperwork"" in GA), I just want to be able to survive. The rights theory everyone wants to be rich is sadly wrong. I'm happy where I am truth be told, but fighting for food is a recipe for disaster when we have so much."
"You get out of here with your smart ideas! Run two double header weekends and have indycar Saturday for the first weekend, Sunday for the second."
Hahaha you forgot the Abdelkader is a joke. That was disgraceful. Hope Blunden gets to square up to him fairly and pounds him as hes a much better fighter than Abdelkader
But it's against a filthy heathen so it is justified and not alignment altering. Good aligned characters tormenting deliberately? Seriously?
Use It was a joke...are you?
"Don't worry the IDE will just puke out all that boilerplate for you, so it's not a problem at all you see. You mean its taking 8 versions to add something that could have been added in Java 1.0... `auto`, `var`, whatever. Just something with type inference. This shit is ridiculous, to be honest. It's worse than C++ because in java I have to write: RidiculouslyAnnoyingClassName ridiculous = new RidiculouslyAnnoyingClassName(""fuck"", ""this"", ""verbosity""); instead of just something like auto ridiculous = new RidiculouslyAnnoyingClassName(""at least i didnt"", ""have to write the"", ""class name 2wice"");"
This is how mass shooters start out! Baby's first build
"Oh sure magic dick fixes everything. ""You know it's true"""
"Star Wars! ""My precious """
"I am sure that one would go over really well. That's mostly because companies know they can be sued for not allowing religious items as a type of discrimination. Next time just tell them your religion requires you to wear your favorite hat, and make sure you have an attorney's card ready to hand out. Boom, problem solved."
What victims? Pretty sure they're just trying to protect the victims.
So Innovative! These are All the changes Coming To Your Mac in a few months
"Hey man face it, this is Reddit, shouldn't you be looking at a retirement home? The real question is... can I still sign up as a 34 year old?"
"No, you see, it's funny because he appeals to a demographic younger than those who have hit puberty. ""600 legs"""
"Please tell me you forgot the I thought I knew what it was, but now I'm not so sure. Spontaneous combustion is my current theory."
He dropped the jk I'm guessing?
"I thought that if they strike him down, he'd come back more powerful than we could possibly imagine? He's gonna die again when the Gators roll through."
Eating in moderation is STUPID I like this. I like how the health teacher MUST be wrong because it doesn't match up to her own beliefs.
"Yeah unless he used steroids to hit her, obviously it wasn't that bad of a thing to do. Yeah but Young didn't do anything to insult or tarnish the good name of the MLB, so he's fiiiiiiine"
"dont forget the best one , new vegas ummmm yea 2,3, and 4 coming out in a week"
"Because Mosley rocked him How is Floyd Mayweather NOT considered the greatest defensive fighter of all time? From what I can see, Mayweather is usually considered the 3rd best defensive fighter of all time, ranked behind Locche and Whitaker. For all his defensive prowess, Locche has 4 losses and was even knocked out once. Whitaker, for all his defensive prowess, was knocked down several times in his career and has some losses and bad performances. Mayweather has never been stopped (obviously) or officially knocked down. He competed at a higher level than Locche and Whitaker and he won 26 world championship fights because of his defense. Mayweather was so good defensively, it allowed him to compete in 5 different weight classes, defeating men that were significantly bigger than him. How is he not the greatest defensive fighter of all time?"
ACCOUNT LITERALLY RUINED OMG. First account in 8 years. Let the grind begin :D
"Maybe this is a shot in the dark but, maybe it's the firewall? TCP retransmissions I've got two systems in quite complicated setups. Wireshark on each is showing that we are sending ACKs that don't arrive at the other one, then retransmitting. On a linux system what might you do to debug this? Any ideas at all?"
"OOC Nah, rehab's for pussies. OOC: Wow. do you think they have rehab centres in the wasteland? Because Ang3l seems to need one right now."
Clearly there is a hill with a 40 degree angle below the lamp post. So drawing lines on a pic is considered work? I know what I'm talking about. Light source infinite(sun). Shadows follow the contour of the earth. Not the path of light that creates it. That's a fact. It cannot be argued.
"But if their licenses were revoked, it would only make them more right, because they're literally being censored for speaking the truth! I think the Professional Engineers associations in the US and Canada should start revoking P. Eng licenses for people who are members of that organization. Somebody who participates in such convoluted magical thinking should not have a license to practice engineering professionally."
"AND YOKO IS LITERALLY HITLER Mmm idk, I mean wishing the death of a extremely bad person like hitler is ok. Other than that I completely agree with you."
Brent idiot get it right Brad will be missed.
nsfw Concerned unit with a rather large unit
Except Rose obviously Good thing pretty much every SU character has flaws then :)
Time for a reboot! The Fantastic Four has finished shooting.
"I can't confirm whether this is true or not, but I'm really glad that you're actively encouraging people to come inside at 4am, so I have to completely stop my work, and ring up *another* $5 gas sale. Pro tip: never pay at the pump unless cash. The pump sends your info on Wi-Fi to the store, information keeps getting stolen this way"
Gender studies. What are you majoring in?
Gender studies as taught in university now days explained in one sentence. Whenever you are alone with any man... chances are he could totally rape you. Have a nice night! :)
Kasalanan yan nung ale naglaban pa siya Bigyan ng second chance.
"I don't know, I can still barely make out some UI elements, they could make black on black, ooh, that's so edgy and modern! I find the dark UI tiring on the eyes. Had to switch to light mode in Reddit2Go, and hoping this is added to Readit in the future. I think it's a great app so far, but I can't sit on it long enough without my eyes hurting. Add support for themes or something, and it's a winner for people like me."
But then his mother would have got breast cancer. too much rage to make a decent comment. This guy should have been aborted and done the world a favour
The people that are going to use racial slurs will definitely be stopped by a post telling them not to. Can't you just remove them rather than draw MORE attention to the troll comments by stickying a post?
"OP should really check with everyone on Reddit before posting dude, not everyone's been their. your worse than a chain. blatant ad."
"Welp, that settles it, once and for all. Once And For All: Michael Jordan Was Way Better Than Kobe Bryant"
Nice jeep. D90 that is always parked near me. Makes me green with envy.
That's not a Wingull... My first Shiny: a Wingull that I ran into not an hour into Pokemon Ruby Version.
"He's the ""Affirmative Action"" president so he's obviously racist Such as?"
"Shh agree with the hivmind please maybe it's just a unique looking can and people found it interesting? I rarely up or downvote but I did think ""hm interesting"" and move on when I saw it."
Would this count as objectifying women? Femen Stages a 'Topless Jihad' - In Focus
God can you believe people actually can't read sarcasm? Unfortunately there are people that actually feel that way so the sarcasm isn't as readily apparent.
"Should have used loctite... Kia Sedona timing belt done recently by half ass technician. This bolt was ""holding"" the timing belt tensioner pulley on"
But the game works for me so your problems are invalid. I can't believe all the apologists on here. Crashes all the time for me and pathetic wheel support. Playing on Xbox one despite having a PC massively more powerful. There is no excuse for releasing games this broken.
"sorry, maybe i should have added fascism is by definition right-wing..."
"But, but,.... those little asshole dogs bark a lot.... a terrier mix.. come on, what absolute pussy pulls a gun on a small/medium sized dog?? ohh oops too stupid to look at the people behind the small dog I'm shooting at. what a moron. its ridiculously easy to grab a dog or at least keep it away from threatening your life, but you pull a gun out and start blasting you are pretty damn stupid."
"Yeah, that's what the police do. Aaaaaand the police are now tracking his IP and will promptly arrest him within 72 hours."
Obviously something only hackers use My favorite part is how they don't understand what binary is
you missed the Nah man marstar is a good website. The owner is a great guy who I know personally. They have good comms and ship shit fast. John Marsbar is a great man.
"Teams like VCU and Butler will never make the finals, especially in a year where the top teams have proven themselves to be so consistent. How far do you guys think teams like VCU and Butler can go in the tourney? Basically i can VCU getting as far as sweet16 and Butler falling early like the second round"
Such an intellectual comment Transgender people are disgusting and have a mental disorder.
Thanks a lot Kaepernick! Indians are being arrested for not standing up during the national anthem at the cinema.
What's more fake... The face or the tits Popeye the Sailor Moon
"Obviously, Putin! I am having a tough time with this one. So I guess the question is.....who benefits most from the DNC leaks, and the revelations they uncovered, being largely ignored by the US corporate media?"
"That's, like, just a theory. Gravity"
But.... but.... my pro spam sapping strats.... Potential fix: Make it so that teleporters are un-sap-able for a second (or half a second) after a sapper has been removed from it.
"He's a depressed, washed, loser. Merk"
"These types of incidents happens all over small towns in Montana, Utah, and Iowa where gun ownership is very high. Oakland in a nut shell"
The whole 500 people pc community is excited too. Hardline DLC released 16 september As said on stream
I personally loved when all we posted was AKs Let's get back to posting tents and heli crashes
"Yeah 4 out of 50 is too much for sure Unpopular opinion, they flooded too many FE characters into Smash."
"Spoiler alert: He bought a Hubsan X4. Did you buy an aerial photgraphy/videography drone like a DJI? If so, you still have a chance of making money. You could probably have a service in where you can record aerial footage for someone. For now, learn how to fly **responsibly**. please we dont need anymore dumb dji pilots lol"
"But he LOOKS black, which is all that counts. He's white, too, slick. The way everyone talks about his race, it's as if he's half a man."
"Yeah, but he didn't have the star power, so clearly it couldn't have been a reference to him. Wasn't ""the Last Samurai"" in that movie supposed to be Ken Watanabe's character?"
TIL Renekton is trash Your first mistake was playing trash like renekton
"Dat *catalan* empire! Feels good, doesn't it?"
don't you know that BMW's automatically sprout turn signals when the third owner buys them? At least we have turn signals.
"B-but you're saving four dollars! I think he gets that, those are just still really unimpressive sale prices for decade old games."
"Peter Parker mastered the abilities of an animal for use for combat, Beastmaster confirmed :P Blue Mage confirmed, Spiderman got bit by radioactive spider and gained it's abilities, like Blue Mages!"
Because we all haven't seen this one yet. What happens when I try to start a side-project
This doesn't seem like the sort of thing that a responsible adult would be doing. Mom gives her daughter whipped cream in a can for the first time. Things don't go as planned...
"If it's not infowars, breitbart or Stormfront, it's biased and mainstream. I'm confused by some of the comments in this thread. What is the msm?"
You forgot to say If it's true then surely CNN would report it. But they don't. There is nothing there.
"Well, that means that there were no criminals or felons trying to buy guns through legal transfers, right? And, supposedly, no arrests, prosecutions, nor convictions."
"Don't forget all the competitions that they won for those jury votes .. Phil: We were going to be put up in the middle group, because none of you guys are going to win against us because of jury."
They didn't fit the requirements obviously. I wonder why her friends don't do it?
"""to help them pay cyber ransoms"" Lol I'm sure that's the only reason. City banks plan to hoard bitcoins to help them pay cyber ransoms"
"McCrae recently followed this account, confirmed for 100% legit. Twitter account tweeting out BB18 ""spoilers"" (figured I'd share- take this with a grain of salt)"
your forgot your Hopefully Obama stands up to these corrupt judges and says no. We cannot have any emails released to the public that endanger the Democrat's losing the WH to drumpf in the fall. Our nation cannot survive it!
"W is just a combo of two U's anyway, totally not a real letter. This alphabet primer is missing the W."
"so basically the author created an elaborate narrative around 2 things: 1 - Pixar likes putting in little easter egg homages to their other films 2 - Man vs Society is a popular literary/narrative conflict yup, suuuuuper impressed... May I present to you: The Pixar Theory"
If only they would read my FB posts! Other people! Who will totally solve all of America's problems.
Can't wait for the lyrical content! Tracklist for Snoop's new album
"O-M-G i think u solved it. Or ""Ever Zoning AD AS"" A champion with superior zoning and good AD and AS scaling, therefore ADC."
But that 25% of like 140 power is worth being an item behind the other mid. Hey look it's me everytime someone builds Rod of Tahuti second on conquest! :D please kill me
"Nah, I think I'd rather go for the official Xbox branded 2 TB drive for $130. Western Digital 2TB External HD on sale for $70 w/ Free Shipping and No Sales Tax."
"DAE non-stem degrees are useless? This is a great story and all, but it says she majored in Chicano studies. What can someone do with that degree? How will that help her?"
"On September 4, 2001. President Bush preparing his response to the 9/11 Attacks on September 11, 2001"
no you see anything not 100% in favor of stalin or mao is bourgeouis in some way That's like asking if anarchists are small business owners.
"Well especially now that, thanks to Brexit, English is no longer an EU language and the Germans will take control of English pronunciation! English speakers use a forced lisp in many words like ""thanks"". Ze proper pronunciation is ""sanks""."
"The emails can't matter, right? But mah emails!"
"Surprised Tancredi didn't win the fair play away CONCACAF Award: Lloyd wins Fair Play Award, Solo wins Golden Glove, Brian wins Golden Ball, Dunn wins Golden Boot"
"What a shock! Exclusive: Studies find 'super bacteria' in Rio's Olympic venues, top beaches"
But but non-Americans aren't people! A LOT more innocent non-Americans died as a result.
"Just check how Vitor looked at 19 Like I said, there's lots of people who have done that. Hell read any MMA autobiography and I'm sure they'll have a picture of themselves as a ripped kid, but none of them looked like he does at 19?"
"Seagal can't be revealing those super secret fight ending techniques for the whole world to see now. ""Daniel has asked me to show him a couple of things that are.. Uh.. Unusual"". Then says the camera needs to be off. Cuts to Jones laughing"
"Yea, those kids are idiots. Back in the 90's when I took Calc III, the extra credit problem on the take home final exam was: Prove there are no three positive integers a, b, and c can satisfy the equation a^n + b^n = c^n for any integer value of n greater than two. Some kids spent hours on that."
"Wow, so many as compared to the almost daily attacks committed in the name of Islam * Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City bombing, April 19, 1995 * Wisconsin Sikh Temple massacre, Aug. 5, 2012 * The murder of Dr. George Tiller, May 31, 2009 * Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church shooting, July 27, 2008 * The murder of Dr. John Britton, July 29, 1994 * The Centennial Olympic Park bombing, July 27, 1996 * The murder of Barnett Slepian by James Charles Kopp, Oct. 23, 1998 * Planned Parenthood bombing, Brookline, Massachusetts, 1994 * Suicide attack on IRS building in Austin, Texas, Feb. 18, 2010 * The murder of Alan Berg, June 18, 1984 Radical Christian terrorists are alive and well."
"Oh I'm sure it was just another terrorist with islamic ""leanings"" but not an islamic terrorist. 7 gunmen loyal to ISIS massacred 20 people in a Dhaka bakery. The murderers demanded hostages read the Koran. It doesn't get more Islamic."
"I'm so glad we've solved poverty, fixed the environment, and cured cancer, as it allows us to now focus on the most minuscule of ""problems"". Deep Cuts: Anti-Circumcision Activists Protest Pediatricians"
I forgot the The insurance company still is the death panel. As someone who works with cancer patients they now require a mountain of paperwork and very often delay cancer care.
Fake! Hold my beer while i shoot this shotgun like a real Gangsta.
Obviously it only records your game play so it can share it back to MS. because nobody wants to acknowledge any positives windows 10 has.
"He's so pro. I have no idea what I'm missing out on...he's ""got money and beer..."""
"Probably the candidate who's supporters dont do their own research lol. Gee, an online poll. I wonder who's going to win that."
"Yeah, it also doesn't support JPEGs or typing words. I thought Android didn't support gifs, let alone videos... ?"
obviously you don't know what ***twice*** means I think you need to halve the ERA to 1.50
"But, but, but... if you raise their taxes, how will they be motivated to do anything? California billionaires plan to place $10-billion tax hike on 2012 ballot. Acting as the Think Long Committee, they want to change the tax system to increase money for public schools and universities and for local governments."
Breaking News: A Friend eats condoms! Why would A Friend say that?
"Thats why i always wear my fedora. Every time you get dressed remember that, if you die, that's your ghost outfit forever."
"To each ""their"" own, your microaggressions are really making me upset To each his own."
They go by alphabetical order sorry man I wonder how the pre orders work. Is it a first come first serve? I was literally refreshing the page over and over and I think I was one of the first people to see the pre order pop up. So if their first shipment is lets say 1000 units and 2k people pre ordered do I get it if I was the in first 1k to pre order?
You forgot the: ##***THIS IS THE MOST WTF THING I'VE EVER SEEN***
"Your gran has obviously never had kids. Successfully blocked a bingo attempt So I was visiting my grandma and she started asking me about my life plans. I told her about my goals, and when she asked how I would have time/money, I said it wasn't a problem because I don't plan on having kids. She is shocked and noticeably disappointed, and each reason I give her to justify my choice (lack of time, money, don't want the responsibility, no maternal instinct) is met with ""Well maybe you'll change your mind, it will appeal more later, maternal instinct will come once you have a baby."" Finally I said, ""besides all my other reasons, I honestly think pregnancy is DISGUSTING."" She immediately dead panned and said ""You're right, don't have kids."" And mumbled something about most women loving the ""beautiful"" process of pregnancy. Luckily she walked away and I had a brief moment to giggle to myself and appreciate my success. This will be my new go-to when being bingo'd!"
"Wow, I'm so offended Peasant insults us. We deserve bad ports he says.."
Why would you want them to take another meme away from us? Missing one thing: Voice Chat where it @ riot
"Hmph but if you don't have thirty kids, how will you ever retire? UN Population Fund urges better sex ed for PH"
"So if Germany/West Germany played in half the finals, and half the answers include Germany, does this mean all finals are the best finals? You will also learn today, that Germany played in almost 50 % of all World Cup finals since 1954 (the time span OP asked about). I guess about half the answers here mention a final including Germany, so that seems about right."
"Yah, everything is so assymetric.... Seems to be leaning to the Left a bit. Reddit is a party? Worst spread ever."
"The smiley faces make it ""okay"" for him to say The smiley stuff makes it even more infuriating."
"Lol, Drumpf can't win, obviously the polls are rigged for him. LA Times finally releases their poll: TRUMP +3.4 -- MASSIVE MOMENTUM"
pshhh everyone knows basketball players have to be tall I make for a good point guard though
"Wow you're so original, I wonder if everyone ever thought of this before Idea for utilizing the level system The new Leveling system seems like a cool idea, it's a great way to see how active people are in the game. With the recent changes to casual mode there is a great opportunity at hand... Make comp require a certain level. The same way that LoL works with summoner leveling, this would make smurfing harder and hacking more risky. Thoughts? P.S. if they changed casual round time, why not change comp?"
"I'm sure you'll make a great teacher. High school teacher, of course."
"As someone who is actually schizophrenic, we find that sticker very offensive. Dug this up at work today. The ol' Girl still runs strong!"
"""Waiting like oxytocin"" Modern day Shakespeare just some unsolicited poetry to my girlfriend from her new-ish stalker"
Ya because there has never been one time in all of recorded history where a bus has rolled over or hit something more massive than itself. The biggest danger in a car accident is being ejected from a vehicle. That's not going to happen in a bus.
"Check your privilege shitlord, you men can't be trusted to think from your position. Are you mad, man? Thinking for oneself is dangerous and should be delegated to the 'Oh' so enlightened feminists."
"Obviously Robin Not OP: Is Roy more of a Marth, Ike, or Lucina clone at this moment?"
"actually the climb is called horn 10a(soft) And that kids, is what we call the nutcracker."
If KP was in the team they would have won 5-0 #plsbringkpback Kevin Pieterson debate over with this ODI Series? I was disappointed with ECB for keeping KP out of Intl cricket. I feared without someone like him their brand of cricket esp in ODIs would continue to be what we saw in the WC. This ODI series has opened a new chapter and I don't miss KP if they play like this!
"Yeah, cuz that's how it worked in S3. If you make the game more snowbally, it will make the game more passive in competitive. People complaining about how the game is stale and some people saying trinket wards killed early aggression needs to think in a broader sense. Riot already tried to make the game shorter by extending death timers, you know what happened? the games became longer than ever in competitive because people were passive afraid to die. Riot already tried to make trinket wards unavailable until minion spawn to encourage more blind invades, you know what happened? teams started to just stand in their sides watching for invades and not doing a thing. So this goes without say if you make the lane more snowbally, Most likely laners are going to lane swap and mid lane is going to be more of a farmfest than it is right now. There are always 2 sides and that's what makes balancing so hard."
"Hey, who let the sketchy person in here. I use the bus almost every day..."
Yeah we had no idea this happened to girls on xbl. Wasn't aiming for it i just wanted to show you how girls get treated on xbl and it's created all this
And you have now way to be getting English better lessons This balcony has now way to be get into
"so THATS how he broke his shoulder.... odd, i thought it happened in japan.... Mark Webber vs Rain in South Korea"
I think you forgot the The American justice system does not function on blood money.
He prefers curling now? I got some bad news for you...
I'm SOOOOO sorry i'm not PC enough for you. There is something seriously wrong with you.
"Yes, because that's exactly the same as what I was talking about. just more evidence that people will get offended by ANYTHING ""look at this picture of these cute bunnies!"" ""lol cuz ppl rn't alergic to bunies or anything asshole"""
Really? I can only stay on that diet for 10-15 minutes at a time.
Japan should nuke America. Japan's Abe to pay historic visit to Pearl Harbor with Obama
Literally unplayable Does the Mini Map of Stormwinds' main entrance still show the image art of the pillars destroyed by Deathwing?
Boavista of course What's the best midtable team in the top five leagues currently?
HAHAHAHAH YEAH THAT'S WHAT THE COUNTRY GETS FOR NOT VOTING BERNIE! They should've voted Bernie.
"Thank you for your well thought out, concise response. Yes. Use the search bar. That's a good one."
"But now people feel like someone cares, that's all that's really important right? She's so against wealthy CEOs and corrupt banks and big pharma, yet endorsed a corrupt politician who has taken donations from them, including Wells Fargo."
"Better yet, pay $19.99 and introduce the Year Beast into your ranked matches! Seems balanced. Icefrog, please make an 200 gold item out of that."
CONGRATUALTIONS THATS NOT THE ONLY AGNI SKIN I DIDNT HAVE OR ANYTHING I got it! Thank you for very much for sharing. This is the first time I've ever been first for a code. :')
its okay to not do what the cops tell you if you dont like the cop The One Question that can Send You To Jail FOR A YEAR in Idaho
"Maybe they were promoted to harder jobs. And by ""trouble"" you mean ""suspended with pay for a few weeks, then promoted."""
"He knew that it was a Polish wolf. That's a bullshit excuse. As a hunter, you should never shoot at anything unless you are certain what it is."
"Haha, moron. Well, I've taken American English classes for 15 years, and I still believe in the Oxford Comma."
First bag is Chris christie himself and the second bigger bag is Donald trump. Chris Christie pouring a bag of M&amp;Ms into a bigger bag of M&amp;Ms.
"Wow, what a hot man leg. More Kikpals adventures! Not your ordinary bathroom selfie"
"But but invading country is defense right? Probably around half of national defense spending, too."
"Both candidates are the same. Don't worry, I'm sure there will be plenty of straight people along soon enough to explain to us how Trump, Pence, and the GOP really aren't homophobic at all and we shouldn't worry."
"Good ole victim-blaming, bravo! Hit and run is pretty damned serious. So is escape from legal detention. The cop had no way of knowing her involvement or intent, nor is that his job. Tasering her as opposed to shooting her outright seems the relatively humane alternative as far as I can see. That she cracked her head in the aftermath is tragic, but is entirely *her* fault, and not an expected result of his actions. Why are you defending this person? You sound like an ambulance chaser."
"Yes it will become mainstream just linke thunderbolt and firewire I'm actually quite excited about this laptop because it will push type C into the mainstream. Currently there's almost no product support for type C, and few manufacturers will adapt it. This laptop may just be an admittedly stunning status symbol/Facebook machine, with woefully inadequate ports and an underwhelming processor, and I am no fan of Apple. However, I cannot deny their influence in the technology world by wooing countless iSheep, and no doubt Type-C will gain more momentum now than it would have otherwise. (Or at least, more quickly.)"
"Yeah, homeschooling produced someone who dared to speak his mind and galvanize an entire industry, I sure wouldn't want my kid to turn out like him. Thanks for the info. That's another tick mark against homeschooling for me. I'm sure there are at least a few amazing ppl who were homeschooled, but every one I've met, or heard of, in my life have not been the kind of ppl I'd want to spend any amount of time with."
"I don't know, I've never owned an American car! What's the most fun you've had in a vehicle that wasn't built for performance?"
"yeah, too bad sony hasn't released a new portable with 2 analog sticks instead... Wishful thinking."
Makes sense... ;) He's talking about cocaine of course. Helluva drug.
"What else would you spend your slayer pts on then? Ninja Request - Add Wyverns/Rippers/Camels/Mammoths to Toggleable Slayer Tasks The title explains the whole idea really. Basically, it's ridiculous that we have things like Aquanites and Muspahs as toggleable tasks yet the new 'elite' slayer mobs, probably the most skipped/blocked tasks are significantly more difficult and aren't behind a toggle. I think I remember that on release they said they didn't want to make them toggleable because then they'd become dead content (same with Lava Strykes), but maybe they wouldn't be dead content if they didn't have ridiculous mechanics for such bad rewards."
"Because as we all know, you can't be racist against your own race. I like how you're telling someone who is half chinese that they are being racist against chinese."
"Well then, I guess that settles that. Somebody below said that visible aerolas is all the court needs to rule that the patient is identifiable and the picture a violation of HIPAA."
If you're Australian it is. Arnold Schwarzenegger: climate change is not science fiction.
"Because everyone totally knows when they're going to get pregnant. Yeah, but it's still kind of a dick move to take a job without letting them know up front that you need extended time off X number of months in the future."
"Seahawks secondary, no less, and we all know they are all nothing but trash talking hooligan thugs. Seriously. It wasn't malicious but it was something a Seahawks player did so let's blow this shit as far out of proportion as possible then call the Seattle fans butthurt"
How's your fedora? Not me. I tell children on the playground to fuck themselves when they cut me in line for the slide.
"Dude, do you seriously expect him to hire the Dallas o-line to smash holes through walls and mow down pedestrians so he can jog through unscathed ? RUN. Run like Ezekiel Elliott."
"So *this* is why car doors lock immediately upon my arrival. I am amazed that you've never heard that before. I think a part of it is that muscles stand out more on black people and you'll look better built. Or perhaps OP is just used to seeing rappers and tends to generalize the intimidation he feels with them. Perhaps if he had mainly grown up with 30 Rock and Community, he wouldn't be as intimidated. I'm not white and am slightly intimidated by black guys for the more prominent muscles thing."
What a precision machine that police use to kill people with. MRAP brake test
How exactly does one *see* with their asshole...i never got that euphemism. Hindsight is always 20/20
Boy would you love my uncle them.... People being rude to service staff. Like it's the waitress' fault you are a picky eater you egotistical prick.
"Your fault. One girl said that to me. I said no, and she went actually crazy, ran away from home, she was taken into some facility but she escaped from there. Now I think she is drug addict. I'm not 100% sure if that's because of me but I had honestly 0 interest on her. We were both 12 when that happened."
"It's one of the most underrated TNG episodes, really a hidden gem. Best episode of TNG right there"
"So you know your place now, in the kitchen! Honestly, probably that I was over dramatic and bitchy. I had a control problem until later in college. I wanted to make all the rules in the relationship. I didn't realize how destructive that was until later. I figured it out eventually, better late than never. Now I'm in a great marriage with someone who taught me emotional balance. It's neat."
Nothing helps being sober for good like support from r/trees You can do it mate. Reddit believes in you! r/trees will give you all the support you need to stop drinking. Best of luck!
"Yeah, why doesn't a militia made up of random civilians who decided to fight perform as well as the military of a first world nation. Yes, this is painful to watch. No organisation, no discipline, no cohesion. Just a rabble running about aimlessly, getting in the way, and shouting their idiotic war cry of 'allahu akbar'. Any reasonably competent western nation could wipe them out in a matter of days if we wanted to."
"Since it is extreme does that mean I can drink mt dew again? Keto *is* an extreme diet. Cut the doc some slack. Explain that it works for you, that it isn't overly restrictive for you, and allows you to live a healthier lifestyle with more veggies and exercise (you are eating veggies and exercising, right? :D)"
"and we all know that what the viewers want is what is best for the sport. That IS capitalism and the free market. If viewers don't care and will still pay to watch Jones fight, despite his behavior, that shows that the public doesn't really care about how Jones behaves and doesn't affect their views on buying cards he is on."
WW3 or WW3. If Russia attacks Ukrainian forces in Crimea tomorrow what are the worst and best possible outcomes? Russia has given Ukrainian armed forces in Crimea a deadline to abandon the peninsula by 5am tomorrow. If Ukraine defies this ultimatum and Russia attacks and seizes control what will happen? Will European states see this as an act of war and come to the defense of Ukraine or will Russian control be allowed to avoid greater international conflict? What are the most probable outcomes? If they attack and war is avoided then what happens if they take control over all of Ukraine at a later date?
"But what was her intent? PAUL JOSEPH WATSON on Twitter : ""FBI Admits Clinton Used Software Designed To ""Prevent Recovery"" And ""Hide Traces Of"" Deleted Emails."""
"Their point must be invalid because of their post history right? Who says ""real issues"" are ""sidelined"" because of this? Judging from your submission history, you don't raise a lot of ""real issues"". Is this post somehow stopping you?"
"But... But... He's a PhD candidate. Kevin Reuning reveals a profound ignorance of the available literature. As far as I can tell the only ""study"" he's ever encountered on the subject of election fraud is this one. And yet he boldly proclaims ""There is no widespread fraud in the 2016 Democratic Presidential Primary."" ""A little learning is a dangerous thing; drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring: there shallow draughts intoxicate the brain, and drinking largely sobers us again."" Alexander Pope said that."
"If it's like a store credit card, she is probably way over her limit and her credit score is being damaged Jenny stacking up **mad** rewards points"
"Can we expect everyone to be in T-34/76s and holding the line against the whole wermacht, to keep with the tradition of russian bias ? Gaijin promotes trailer of a Russian film ""Panfilovs 28 men"" - Drama ensues"
"Hey, HEY... FUCK YOU! The NBA is a superstar league and so we may turn on the Clippers to watch CP3 or the Knicks to watch Melo. There's a reason we don't watch the 76ers or the Hornets. There are no players we necessarily want to watch. (The Nets can also be one of those teams) Having all of these guys on one team I think would take away from the potential of other teams having a chance to attract free agents and in terms of watching the sport it would decrease the matchups. Even Barkley mentioned that he hardly watches a full game of basketball unless the Spurs/Warriors/Cavs are playing and thats his job. I know this may not be an unpopular opinion but I just think of myself as a fan of the sport I would not want to see this."
I see no problem whatsoever with crit becoming a regular ability with an extra level 4 that gives 550% crit. How about replacing the crit passive with ulti blur... Ez dagger laning
"""Through"" Waldo shoots more dope than Green, so maybe people in glass houses shouldn't throw stones."
"Yep, just need Derek to suit up and they'll be set Without their starting point guard"
"Even better than a blank thread ""ITT:Girls you've put your cock in"""
"You died 3 times you feeder. But I went 12/3 with Ao Kuang, how did we lose?"
Well there might be something more to it if you look at the most recent release Yeah most of the couples were hinted at but the fat guy and the cloud woman. Like what?
They aren't you sexist pig. Why are TOMS shoes primarily targeted for girls?
"Shit, i should have written shit instead of sh*t Thanks! You can say shit here, I promise you that nobody is going to tell your mom that you used a bad word."
"Oh wow, what a surprise Official English promotional video for Hoopa Unbound"
Because you're all too damn high! But we're not willing to vote or organize or do anything of consequence about it. We're all stuck complaining about it on the internet until someone else does something about it.
Bolsheviks? Need a name to call people who don't vote for the establishment? How very progressive of you.
If you can't remember her name i would suggest Leah instead. I meant Maru! Sorry!
"The white pixels in the corner, I quit the game because of this. literally unplayable"
"but scopes... Yes of course we are coming back to it, but we need to accomplish some of the projects primary goals before we come back to quality of life issues hehe. If we work on one thing a bunch of people wants the other, and vise versa :P"
You forgot the Because war and conflict is bad for business for Russia. Russia has led peaceful negotiation in Ukraine and as well as in Syria a few years ago by securing Assad's chemical weapons. Russia is not like the US/NATO to overthrow regimes and governments like US/NATO did in Iraq and Libya and Ukraine and are trying to do in Syria.
"No, obviously this totally happened in Platinum. #NAME?"
Gasoline combustion engine What do you think makes the electricity to power the car?
Taihao Miami Doubleshot what's the pattern for the blue/pink ones called? I can't seem to find it
"He actually was doing it a favor, it was removed from a console. I didn't do it, but that person is a sick inhumane person and has no heart."
"I assumed that they stand on one foot because the other foot is tired. Do you know why they stand on one foot like that? Serious question, why I clicked the comments."
skrillex Anyone know any artists with a similar sound to yh? idon'thaveasound type
"6 free throws obviously for the Spurs I remember a game where Parker, Manu, and Duncan were all on a fast (for them) break. The janitor, dishwasher, whatever his nickname is, Brian Cardinal bumped the hell out of Paker who passed to Ginobili, who Cardinal slapped his arms so hard the ball went to Duncan who Cardinal wrapped up to stop the layup. He fouled all three of them in one fluid motion. In was bonkers."
"Hmmmm....*shocker* I've literally never heard of the ""clutch player of the week"" award before this week."
Shut up man It is the only gift to Indians by God. IIT: God's greatest gift to India since dal-chawal.
That's qliphorts idiot. i'm pretty sure it's just psychics(the pay 800 to do everything deck)
Wow I am glad they are making Westworld into a videogame! New artwork for the new Red Dead game
"Captcha to end each turn I think that's a key thing here: There's not an easy answer for Blizzard, but I feel like they'll probably have to implement a report function in-game at some point."
"Considering my $1100 from last year is struggling, after upgrading the GPU, I guess so so tell me, I suppose that my 700$ PC from January last year is a supercomputer then?"
Yeah cause those squishy tanks are way better tfw even a guy watching for the first time hates the health stacking tanks
I'm sure they're all just sobbing from withdrawal! To think he neglects his 2000 female friends just to write to me.
yo man wats ur mod list i need dis beautifulness in my game now too Much better.
"They tought the current power creeps were not reliable and did not affect the game that much. Why did Hi-Rez add the ""original doom orb"" back into the game? Remember in season 2 when Hi-Rez made all the ""anti-snowball"" changes like, changing how much gold you get from gold fury depending on the time of the game? So why would they re-add doom orb when it is such a snow bally item? it seems like a step backwards to me."
"Alphabetic order, duh. Why is B+ after the B?"
"Yeah man 35% more damage is useless Without hammer of wrath, using avenging wrath just feels useless."
Because no-one could have possibly ever lived through that. Of course Reddit's favorite story is a revenge fantasy about false rape accusations. Predictable and disgusting.
"sorry, i dropped this: I've worked as a bartender, barback server and cook. If rather bartend any day of the week ."
I bet they were all loser nerds who deserved it. 3:52 Austin saying that as a bouncer he used to charge people a cover and pocket the money.
Waterwhat? NIXONS BACK!!!
OMG that portrait though...golem got his mouth open mmm Heroes Brawl The Mines Reopen Dec 16
"Don't have this issue (that I've noticed), but thanks a lot for making me lose my place in Reddit trying to replicate this! Odd glitch on bottom of touchscreen I've searched online and haven't had any luck. This seems to only happen when I am scrolling from the bottom of the screen to the top on an app like Twitter or a Reddit app. It seems when I register a touch and then when I scroll up it seems to jump around and select something even though my finger isn't off the screen. I can't seem to recreate it but it seems to happen on different apps, so I don't think it's a specific app problem. Has anyone else had this? I have yet to do a factory reset but that's my next step."
"It worked for Elvis - stick with the formula. I'm sure this is true to some extent, but Will Smith was also a money printer at this time. I think a lot of people saw it just because of him. The song he made for this movie was actually number 1 on the billboard charts, so there was clearly some popularity here."
But how else will I display my superiority to the filthy non readers you can almost type out 'Game of Thrones' in fewer characters than that acronym and get the point across a lot faster too.
"Yeah, posts contain meat are generally just as bad as horribly racist, sexist, or homophobic posts Absolutely. I'm also the jerk that downvotes horribly racist, sexist, homophobic, and generally bigoted posts."
Well obviously **Elite Barbarians** + **Barbarians** = **Rage Spell** Looks like the shop has many barbaric things to offer
"I'm triggered by the lack of consistency in your flair, please change it or I will report you Here's the thing,"
"Yeah, that is way more crazy than purity rings. Hahaha. Ahahaha. Leftists are freaking ridiculous."
"yes, because you could produce 1 shred of evidence UOSA's admins are known to be corrupt and untrustworthy, I'd be wary of playing there."
make a shield that has a build in mg so you have a shield and the most powerful gun in one item Shield attachments They should implement attachments for shields. Like having a flashlight or having a mini nuke built inside the shield for you to detonate. Or have a syringe that ejects into your wrist that puts chemicals in your veins so you percieve time slower. Maybe an active cloak or the ability to spin your shield like a fan so it reflects the bullets back. Also if your team has three shield users you can combine them to make a mech that you can pilot.
"Is varane even better than Diego Reyes? ""Is Varane even better than Tah or some random CB I found"""
"Homophobe fuck you cathy, you fuckin crook"
I think he forgot Shox kicked out of LDLC
wow hes a god The guy is currently silver 1.
"Yeah, because he's on YouTube, he can never sell out! and i used to do it, i read through all kind of professionals reviews from big websites and then make a conclusion but it just feels that guy knows so much more than me after all my research and even the ""professionals"" who earn their money reviewing gpus. and he doesnt even get paid for that, he does it all just because its his passion. if you havent watched his videos yet, do it right now, i think youll understand me more. hes somewhat comparable to totalbiscuit, except a lot smaller and in a different genre, people who follow totalbiscuit know how corrupt gaming journalism is and therefore trust this guys opinion because he just seems like a generally honest guy, you know he will never completely sell out, you know theres no way nvidia or amd can make him offers to change his mind unlike all the hardware websites. i have never cared about the architectures of the gpu generations but this guy not only explains those extremely well but also makes you interested in them as well. i get from where youre coming from, but this guy has 27k subscribers, he isnt huge, he doesnt make a living off of it, hell outside his accent he isnt much of a personality anyway, he just researches extremely well and presents you facts and probabilities about whats coming. his gtx 1080 review is much like how you tell me to research, youre telling me and the way i used to do it and still do is read and watch as many reviews as possible to get an overall picture and thats what hes doing, he doesnt have a gtx 1080 but hes making a review reading and showing stuff like benchmarks and more importantly pointing out issues that only 2 hardware websites reported because of the benchmarks being made in a case in those unlike basically every other hardware website who dont use cases and instead have it open."
"Don't worry, I'm sure UK will sit out the next two years, right? they fuck us on this every year :( but hey, KU at UK. May have to go home for that one!"
"Well now hold on, Gamergate was never mentioned in the article therefore it wasn't them! Gamergate's in the news again. My god, they're just winning all the goddam time, aren't they?"
"Burn your dress too. Got it, my dress could use some thought."
It's Aunt May Venom Finds A New Host As Part Of Marvel NOW!
"Maybe if the cops get body cameras things can settle down. Fragile Baltimore Struggles to Heal After Deadly Police Encounter - with roughly 623,000 people, it has had 270 homicides this year, almost as many as in New York, with 281 in a city of about 8.4 million."
Not even he can fix this broken game But they are bob the builder
"Damn those new update slash screens, we did it reddit :( My abusive/cheating ex now plays League with the girl he left me for so I don't have to worry about that. If he ever comes back I've got at least a years worth of new meta and update knowledge on him not to mention practice."
I've never had a Bieber hairstyle... but your originality is just ASTONISHING. Hey Justin Bieber called he wants his lesbian back
"Hey regi, grats on the pentakill! I get so confused when people say regi or reginald. I always think they're talking about me. ):&lt; brb getting downvoted."
IM GOING TO FORCE YOU TO WANT TO DATE AN AMERICAN AND TO NOT SAY THAT! How about 'Americans are like fish. Dating a fish would be bestiality. I could never date anyone who had dated an American'?
You can tell by his roid gut. steve cook is on hgh. well known fact
"Buy the new skin then i have a crush on this super hot girl in my class, too bad i look like wukong."
"You gotta mash square Stop making me wait to respawn. The ticker is at ten, I'm mashing the x button, and yet here I am, dead for upwards of 2 minutes while my worthless teammates lose the game for me. Fix it bungie."
They should just remove all stats and have one stat: ilevel Are we getting more interesting gear? Would be nice to have gear with different and more interesting stats then just bigger numbers of the same boring base attributes. Any any word on a more horizontal gear progression instead of old gear becoming useless when higher item level gear comes out?
"Well, this isn't going to go south in a hurry Proof of how baby-centric this society is : Paedophile caught with 137,000 indecent pictures of children spared jail so he can start family"
BECAUSE TRUE LOVE IS NEVER ACTUALLY COMMUNICATING WITH YOUR PARTNER. Why don't you just ask him what he wants to see you in instead of shooting down every single answer in this thread?
"As a middle class white girl with a tumblr blog, I'm going to speak for you and tell everyone else that it's not racist and you're just saying the things you're saying because of white people causing you to have internalised self-hatred indian here, it is racist dont let anyone tell you otherwise. i know so many immigrants and minorities and they are so god damn racist but dont think they are for whatever reason. also, in my experience, many MANY indian parents i know wouldn't really mind if their kid married someone white, in fact they probably see it as 'moving up' but would throw a fit if their kid married someone black."
So nice of Leadsom to announce the confirmation May's Premiership Tory leadership: Andrea Leadsom vows to invoke Article 50 immediately if she wins contest
"Yeah, because the difference between the Obama presidency and the Bush presidency before is so similar. As someone who has followed political nonsense since the late 80s, I would say there isn't 2 political parties. There's one with 2 different names."
"we are the most beautiful thing in SA, why wouldnt that make things better? Now I've seen it all, a Brazilian wanting to see more Argies."
guy tells you where he is and didnt fight back... such a good highlight Breaking Point - 500 point traitor execution
"Oh no, it sounds like they have a totally civilised transfer system set up where someone can simply move to another college and continue their education after being publicly declared a rapist. I get a lower standard for non-punitive protections, like keeping people out of the same classes or placing people in dorms, but does this guy realize that if you get kicked out of a school for a sexual assault accusation, other schools won't accept you?"
"Because everything has to be perfect or else the game is complete garbage Destiny was a good game, it's fun and I didn't really have a problem with t. The hype train that people jumped on made people's expectations for the game way too great. Games borrow from other games all the time and it happens between many other games too and it will keep on happening so I wouldn't get too worked up about it. Why can't people just enjoy games anymore?"
Undocumented ;) Here come more illegals -___-
I'm sure this thread will be full of insightful comments. Mississippi man savagely beaten by 20 men after restaurant warned him it wasn't safe for white people to eat there
"Yes, Snipers need AA mines and Stingers since they're the ones being targeted by helicopters up on the rooftops. I think there should be no classes so you can equip any weapons and gadgets and that a sniper rifle should be a gadget :)"
Someone must've jizzed in the vats causing a consistency redundancy check error. Marigold Milk recalled from supermarket shelves with immediate effect
"Good thing racism is over in America Wow I feel ashamed for whatever my ""race"" is. (I'm a white mutt) Like people for who they are, not what they look like. That being said, if someone comes into my workplace with a gun and a mask I might have to make some assumptions."
"Looks good to me, can't wait until they put gg in na so we dont have bots either! Korea has Gameguard, seems to work well for them!"
The science seems legit. White people don't have dreadlock DNA
Unless of course it has a cool new social space on it... I swear to god if the darkness is just a black deathstar version of the traveler i'm gonna be pissed.
Fucking furfags I wanna be a fluffy orange bipedal canine female. ;(
"Please keep your anti-revolutionary, western colonialist ideas to yourself! Freedom Charter? ""South Africa shall strive to maintain world peace and the settlement of all international disputes by negotiation - not war:"" - excerpt from Freedom Charter Is the freedom charter not rendered useless if it states that we maintain world peace through negotiation yet we let Bashir fly out of the country?"
"Right, who do these people think they are giving peace a chance, and letting israeli children try to make friends with Palestinian children? I don't think any child can possibly consent to living in a war zone. Any parent who tries to raise one there, when they have the choice of living in Israel, should be prosecuted for child endangerment. I mean, if we ignore all the other issues that will get this post downvoted too fast for anyone to see it."
"But... But i'm not going to kidnap a 76 year old man to charge my computer Nope, the only way to charge it without the charge cable is to get Chuck Norris to rub it on his chest until charged."
Who is angry at something different than them? wow... i hope some of you people in the comment section find yourselves at a better place in life so you won't take out the anger you feel on everything different from you...smh.
"What kinda damn commie owns anything other than Murican made guns? Some nonsensical questions from my anti-gun acquaintances: ""How many children do you plan on killing today?"" ""What are you, some Commie faggot?"" (I own a Mosin-Nagant) ""Why would you need or even want a gun?"" ""Why don't you marry Dick Cheny?"" ""Do you sleep with your rifle at night?"" Oh, the stupidity of some people..."
Fake Reebok pump fury (Pick-Up) Y-3 Kohna
shut the fuck up no one cares know your fucking place trash I've been rocking this loadout since the DLC came out!
Classless winner Tom Brady brought kid with Down syndrome along for Super Bowl parade
"You homophobe Girl I dated a few years ago had a gay, male friend who thought he could get away with saying the most vulgar things to her. He'd say it, wait for a reaction and then do something to remind us he was ""just one of the girls"" so it was ok. Of course when I asked him to watch his mouth I was picking on him because I hated gay people."
"Weeden led offense scores in 1 minute, Romo led offense takes 10 minutes... GOAT? 2 Joseph Randle rushes and a personal foul penalty for a touchdown? LEAD US TO VICTORY WEEDEN!"
Bo Ling Chop Suey Palace Any restaurants delivering to the east side tonight?
"Spoilers if you are reading the fantastic web serial Worm: [The Path to Victory Shard] What fictional object do you most want to own? Can be from books, movies, TV, games, anything fictional that you cannot own in real life. Yet."
"No, too much of a prima donna. Is Odell Beckham Jr. a first ballot Hall of Famer?"
"He was right, it gives you no damage. I was in a ranked game and around the time we all hit level nine I told my team they should upgrade their trinkets soon and some guy playing Mundo said that only idiots upgrade their trinkets and that it was a waste of gold. We lost that game."
"That really showed the one time they played each other LOL Sit down Josh Norman, OBJesus owns you for life."
Rigged! I've linked several articles in this thread. Take your pick.
"I'm just assuming you forget the We haven't been at war since 1945. It's all been ""police actions""... *sigh*"
We have an Emerald Scar 20 bro isn't that enough...? This is why we need Emerald knives
"Let me guess, those were agent provocateurs and not actual protesters right? Camera rolls as KING 5 photographer is assaulted by May Day marcher"
"Makes sense, Mormons aren't known for doing things or taking stances that are politically charged or controversial. It was too politically charged and controversial for Joseph to publicly tackle."
"Yeah I should probably stop playing TF2, it's just TF Classic with bells and whistles. Too bad it's CSS with bells and whistles."
"Because people would totally want that in a case Cmon, if HP can make cooling systems like this, why can't our case makers do the same? First one who does gets my money"
No No they provide insight on the Reddit community in a non biased manner. Isn't that like 100% of what they do anyway?
"Nope Dbry is winning of course! so is it a given the Reigns is winning the rumble or not?? (serious) like the title says, is it a giveaway that reigns wins or do you guys legit see someone else winning the rumble? consider wrestlemania is built around him"
"Yeah, because if you make the choice to get sunburned once, you deserve to die. Don't say anything, and let natural selection take its course."
I only drinked purifed spring water you soda cis opressing scum! I think either way represent the sub drinking habits pretty well (unless you only drink water or something). Source is Himouto! Umaru-chan 08
"But... but... CDs weren't supposed to be fragile! Oh, a fragile disc with possibly important data? Let me just bat it forcefully onto the ground for you."
Oh yeah make sure you avoid using the unlimited free public transit in your wallet If I had a car here it wouldn't be much of an issue getting food... but Moe's for a week? Ergh. I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food anyway. I'm also not a huge fan of stockpiling microwave meals.
But the politicians told us LIES! Anyone who doesn't expect parties to get their own supporters into these events is incredibly naive...
Yeah Ultima VII didn't influence jack shit I'm kinda surprised GTA didn't get mentioned. GTA spawned a whole genre of open-world games.
You're certainly entitled to your wrong opinion. I don't find it funny :( just my honest opinion
"You're such a special snowflake I can't stand these people. Either I enjoy sex because I'm a brainwashed bitch, or I can't because I'm a brainwashed feminist and all sex is literally rape or it helps keep the patriarchy alive or some something. I just wanna get my fuck on in peace."
"Lol those are just the stickers he used to scam his school yard marks Yesterday, this kid had his Pokemon card collection stolen right out of his hands. After his shift, a local police officer went home and gathered his own collection to give to the kid."
"Yeah, just like every cube and edh deck needs slivers and arcane spells! Dude. I don't want to play it on KLD let alone all of magic. Do I have to make all my edh decks energy decks going forward if I want to use new cards? Every cube has to have an energy component? That sucks. Most of the energy cards function as a clunky version of another card. I want slick and smart not extra for the sake of extra."
"So who won the IT3 guiyse? That's beside the point. It's been over 2 months now since those games happened. It's the biggest event in Dota 2. If you haven't watched those games by now, you never will."
Classic MLS defending George Best's goal with the San Jose Earthquakes in 1981
"Can we get some ""skull crushers"" to protect him? Baldwin is going to the expo why would some who likes him do anything? Theres more odds of chant thingy like they have done outside (mra speeches?) was in canada irc."
"Yeah, but Native Americans don't count since we have inconicized (not a word) them positively (in our minds). coughredskinscough"
But but but only supports heal..... You know there's like items and stuff...
Maybe he forgot something this ? I believe that was the joke.
"Yes, because gun free zones have totally been proven to work pretty well in a society with so many guns. Vince Vaughn and NRA remedy for gun violence: more guns."
"Oh, gooood, my kids will end up going to school with Khaleesis and Prims and Rarities. All the popular baby names you hate while pregnant will be the names of your child's friends and classmates."
"Wow, a whole 30 pounds this guy must be ripped ""My girl is hot but I'm high maintenance."""
"I haven't seen this posted anywhere but what the hell was up with Michael O Kelly? PSA: With apologies to prior Groundhog's Day posters, can we please spend some time reading this sub before posting? You are not the only one who thinks Mike Halbach is ""sketchy."" You are not the only one who read the People article, watched the interview with Jodi, or watched Dr. Phil. You are not the first person with questions about the blood vial. You are not the first person to realize Avery has a new lawyer in Zellner. We all hate Kratz and Kachinsky. We all love Buting and Strang. We know you have read ""Kiss the Girls."" I know this is one of many Groundhog Day posts (and trust me, I get the irony), but please, spend a little time perusing and searching this sub before posting. There is a very good chance whatever you're thinking has been posted before. Thank you."
"Remember, TiA is not a racist sub at all. Post on TumblrinAction gets nearly 300 comments and over 1000 upvotes. Why? Because one single sentence that merely suggests that white racism might impact how other cultures think."
Im sure theres no regrets on that LT was pretty damn happy to be on the Jets. That team was stacked and he even got a Jets tattoo.
"Oh yeah, just break down the *plethora* of item drops you get. Suunlight is the only one that really needed a bump. Moonlight is easy to get just break items down with Evenstones bought at a General Merchant."
"That's a virtual tie. Hrc will spin it no matter what. Lose by 25? ""polls showed us down 30 plus and we fought back and flipped those voters!!"""
You hate when someone has timeline with FFD being opened in 1983? 1983
"But have you seen Rick and Morty? Redditors have a very defined set of interests, and they're unwilling to learn anything new After a while of looking at the front page and some of its default subreddits, I began to think that I was entering psychosis; the same dull, repetitive topics are continually brought up. The default subreddits of reddit are just a massive portal into a self-appreciation cycle. Don't forget Bob Ross."
"You never know, it could've been the passenger in the lav... Fuck CNN and their refusal to put out real news. CNN: ""unable to confirm it was a pilot that made the mayday call."""
He looks like such a nice guy. Police looking for possible connection in string of attacks
"Well, given that men's genitals are external and extremely tender and sperm dies at body temperature, it's sure sign of God's perfect creation. He also hates genitals, but he made genitals. OK."
USA 2018 World Cup Champions confirmed. J. Green scores against Internazionale (0-4)
Modiji prob'ly mistook the kid to be a Muslim :P MODIJI IN A WHITE KKK UNIFORM ATTACKING A BLACK KID! #YoModiSoRacist!
"Say it with me this time: *""ALWAYS ROLL AZAZEL""* Troll system in Rebirth at work ;_;"
"Mario's Time Machine already exists though I'm really interested in those ""Majora's Mask"" like mechanics that were ""overly amibitious."" Maybe that's what the NEXT 3D Mario title will feature?"
"It's a synonym for very, right? i suspect a large portion of reddit users use words such as intrinsically without completely understanding what it means."
Why would ex-KGB ever need to know English? Also I'd imagine Putin speaks English...
"I can't stand those Neocon right wing nut jobs at NPR Really? NPR, MSNBC, and Huffpost running multiple stories about it every day since the story broke, and what, are they the conservative media?"
"If you had bills that story would have been more like I bought a used MacBook Air. Same position bro. Last summer I worked my ass off and worked nearly 50 hours a week. I bought a 2000 dollar camera, MacBook and a trip to Europe and still had saved an extra few thousands. Everyone thinks that I just receive everything or am thousands in credit card debt. It's called a job, nice thing to have. I am thankful for not having many monthly bills to deal with though."
"Yea but the guy is actually grandmaster and he knows the game so it's obviously fine ""If you go murk I'm going Nova and throwing"" Sooo constructive to a team game."
"You could just no-clip through the wall and pick up the bag from the other side, duh. Except for then you end up like that guy who got a white he couldn't reach because it was stuck between the portal and the corner :("
Because America is normal. Not in America
"Not if the operators suck, or are too powerful and get nerfed to oblivion. I don't know, they might allow it because it will show the Chinese special forces in a positive light."
Must be because their message resonates with so many people You're not the only one apparently; I've read here recently that AIP is the fastest growing political party in the state.
Roswell was a hoax! Kodachrome - The Roswell Slides
"Yeah, all he got was: 1. over $4 million in compensation 1. new national detention standards, including daily inspections and a requirement for cameras in cells 1. an investigation by the Justice Department's inspector general 1. a rare public apology by the DEA It's like no one even cares! I wonder what kind of outrage we'd see sweeping the nation if this had happened to a woman."
"[Foes?] What's the word? First it is fifty Then it is none It says ""Yes"" without saying ""Why"" And whistles when it's done"
"TN and Kerela win because clearly they have not accounted for the number of fashion bloggers in Delhi. Tamil Nadu, Kerala have high female literacy and most women entrepreneurs"
Bitcoin was made for you. We like to stay anonymous. That's one big reason why cash is so common.
"Yeah, because there's no one crossfiring older GPUs or for 60Hz 4k or mods.. The only purpose of crossfire is to play on 144Hz monitors Isn't the game capped at 60fps? What is the point of crossfire when you are capped at 60 fps? There are single gpus that can run the game at that fps."
"Well, they are only 14,800ft, so they are definitely hills. ""Hills"""
"The logical conclusion, therefore, is that regret causes invulnerability. everyone that has jumped off the golden gate bridge and survived has reported that they regretted the decision immediately"
"In Hunt, if the monster reached stage 3, you shouldn't have to kill it, it has an unfair advantage by being that strong. In Nest, if the Monster hatches an egg, you shouldn't have to kill the minion. If the monster hatches an egg, then it gets an unfair advantage. There's no point in not hatching one, so there needs to be an added penalty."
Clearly that headline relates to the Greek economy. What is with this garbage headline.
"Clearly the nation of 2d waifus will soon get to your door and bring you to justice, you horrible person. Once got called a racist somewhere here on reddit for admitting that I don't like anime. Hoooboy does saying that open up a can of worms. XD"
"Yes sir! Loyal party members, Dear Leader would like to remind you all that talk of any fictitious coalition of aliens, or ""Federation"" as some children call it, is a capital offence. We all know that intelligent life in the universe came from Glorious Leader's mind, so if he says there are no aliens then it is the truth. Do not buy into these evil Western lies, which are meant to undermine our party's resolve. Remember, stay vigilant against outsider influence."
"Or maybe they just count every person stupid enough to get lost out in the freezing snow suicidal. Of course. But the problem is not the gun or lack of gun, since Switzerland would still have a very high suicide rate with or without guns. Maybe it's the depressing weather, stressful lifestyle or just the culture of the country."
NOW they've crossed a line! ISIS Takes Tatooine As Tourists Warned Away From 'Star Wars' Locations In Tunisia
"RAFIDHI ALERT hail whichever bastard is keeping you in check over there Bahrain sucks camel balls currently, but at least the weather is becoming nice (the nice weather lasts for a week here). :("
"But if subreddit saturday goes away then the sub will be spammed by people advertising their subreddit Just curious about the weekly auto posts... - Is Subreddit Saturday necessary anymore? I noticed there aren't really any comments and it's not even in the Weekly Posting Schedule. - It seems like there are always ""what would you change about"" or ""what was the best"" threads. Could these be considered for a weekly auto post? Maybe a What-If Wednesday or something?"
"Hey now, boobies are scary. Students at Troy college plan topless protest over police treatment of student"
"F U That is stupid As a result of the fighting in the comments, we are Colts fans, we support each other, and we are not dicks. We leave that behavior for Pats fans."
I prefer Beth Mowins. I love these announcers
"Your units turned into Hadarons, Randolphs, and Nyamis Am I surprised? No."
"But that's just so they can maintain a good ratio of white folk to Negros, so white folk will have a fun time and not be intimidated. White folk: $30 Negros: $120"
Where's the That's really smart.
"I forgot to put my hardly. it swung the game, but it's not like it prevented okc from making their shots"
"How bizarre and unexpected, given how much I've heard on reddit about the attack having nothing to do with Islam. ISIS Claims Responsibility For Nice Terror Attack"
"Well obviously we need more capitalism in those areas They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America? - Fidel Castro."
You dropped this: Uh.. Shit lord. The correct term is fluffy. Are you kidding me!?!
That's the spirit! I won't argue against that... just doesn't work in my situation. Just fucking poor.
unexpected HellRaisers sign Zero
Yeah but at least it doesn't get viruses Welcome to 2014
"Truly, we live in the age of tomorrow. oh my god this is a thing what in the world"
But schoolchildren aren't old enough to drink! WINE
"not sure if I've only been to Liberty Village a couple of times, but every time I do I feel as if it would be a great place to live."
"Propaganda and advertising have no effect... someone really ought to let all of these companies, politicians and pundits know about this so they stop spending hundreds of billions of dollars a year on something that has no effect, since just because it doesn't affect one person, it doesn't affect anyone else. Glenn Beck (6/10/10) ""You're going to have to shoot them in the head"" video found."
*chastaining I wonder if they realize just how chastising they sound when they say these things to someone who studied medicine for more than ten years to be able to help people.
"Someone call for emergency medical services? Sir or Madam, I regret to inform you that you appear to require immediate medical attention. Please visit your closest available emergency medical center at your earliest possible convenience to have the giant stick up your ass removed. Have a nice day."
"10 software updates and you have a 50% range increase Yeah there can't be many other things that it could be, if any. A software update isnt going to increase the range by more than 5% and thats not enough to end ""range anxiety"". So it must simply be a navigation update."
B... but pot smokers don't do anything productive! I always wanted a wooden Gandalf Pipe so decided to make my own from scratch
"Agreed, especially since a customer can't pop the hood on his stupid netgear router and look at all the tangled up tubes. That amount of stupidity, while frustrating, gives me hope of job security. If people can still be this ignorant about cars considering they've been around over 100 years, then they'll probably be equally ignorant about computers and networking for the rest of my life too."
Well in that case it's A-okay to hit your kids. What if you can't afford therapy?
"Decaying uranium spears are fine, especially when they explode to dust through sheer energy. True. Then again he did start us on a 10+ year war, which even ignoring the human damage did an incalculable amount of environmental damage sooooo... I think we're ok not giving him credit for anything."
"Yes, choke those towel-heads with the sweet air of ~~formaldehyde~~ FREEDOM. I would not be surprised if we implanted dangerous chemicals that activate when exposed to heat to eliminate anyone who burns an Americana flag."
"No that makes you the pervert since you're the male. If he was a female I bet the other guy would be the one getting charged. It makes no sense, if I go and look into some girl's window while she's changing, that now makes *her* the pervert? Dafuq?"
"Yeah cause his marriage to Cynthia was a total success before he met Yoko Down vote me all you like, I feel that Yoko was bad for his career and possibly he wouldn't have been in New York to have his unfortunate meeting with Mark Chapman. Ono broke up John's marriage with Cynthia Lennon. Ono is a home wrecker."
"Yeah, going over that cliff would have been a disaster. POTUS like a boss"
"Man, you're ruining the roleplay. Deaf people can use computers, you know."
aka 'Peg fans are corporate shills True North is the company that brought the Jets back to Winnipeg
"You've gotta prove it to him, sister. Can we also take a second to note that he thought I should ""make sure"" I was bi?"
"Yeah, Military Pay is probably the problem... Escalating Military Pay Under Scrutiny"
"TIL: There is a difference between Slovakia and the UK. Meanwhile the EU begs UK on its knees to not leave, the irony being lost on them."
"Lol great argument Person A in most instances uses a meme, one liner, or quip that doesn't actually make an 'argument'. Lots of ""We can't do this / We're not a country without law and order / illegals are using our welfare/ illegals are going to kill us"". Then when someone does pull out a study, it's from a far (nationalist) right think tank considered a hate group by SPLC. This is because they claim ""unskilled immigration has this impact"" while solely focusing on the labor market and not even attempting to consider the litany of impacts they could estimate immigrants have. The literature is mixed on immigration, but very smart policy wonks (that don't answer to constituents) like to toy with supporting a system that approaches open borders. The most common 'anti immigration' stances one reads are rooted in misunderstandings and stereotypes of immigrants, which is why they're called racist/xenophobic (which I hate cause it's lazy)."
You mean Nigri without a push up bra? Holy shit Nigri without boobs
"whats a europe? Hey America, just FYI, Europe exists."
"Yes, everyone who saw the stream tuned in at the very beginning exactly when he said that. He warned people in the beginning of the livestream by saying ""The problem with Kree'Arra is, that if someone were to attack it, everyone else would get attacked aswell"". Either that or ""The problem with Kree'Arra is, that if it were to attack someone, everyone else would get attacked aswell"""
"Which is why, obviously, only the police should have the guns! It's not a claim, they literally do not have to."
"i really look forward to compiling webkit on that proc. Raspberry Pi Gentoo anyone? Title is kind of self-explanatory, has anyone decided to spearhead a port of our favorite distro to the Pi? If not, I'd be glad to offer my hardware/bandwidth/knowledge to help spearhead one"
"We'll talk after one week honey. The biggest thing that I wish women (and men I suppose) knew about women is that although we are not genetically predisposed to brute strength, it does not make us useless in lifting things or other physical activities. Now, I'm 5'3 and 115 pounds, and I can pretty effectively lift most things at work, carry huge, impossible things and most other tasks people ask me to do. Now, I'm not hugely muscular, but I know enough about physics, leverage and basic logic to use what muscles I do have to solve the problem TLDR: Brute strength is not the only way to accomplish physical maneuvers. Also, In contrast to most of the posts on this thread, women are not ONLY big balls of blubbering hormones. Particularly in situations when people are making jokes about women or how irrational they are, and I take offense, it does not perpetuate the joke. If you make a racist joke and a black person takes offense, you apologize for acting like a douchebag. But somehow if a woman takes offense to a sexist joke, she is hormonal and overreacting."
"Are you saying you don't like seeing people post screenshots of stuff everyone saw from the early seasons of Pokemon? This is what I don't like about reddit. Every sub reddit gets mad about the posts and says go to r/pokemonshaming soon itll be go to r/OG151 go to r/pokeart and eventually everyone will get sent away and no content will be acceptable. I like r/pokemon, feed me the crap, and shit that trends. It'll be over in a week or just scroll past it. Or maybe we should make r/pokelitists and send the complainers there. But seriously its pokemon can't we all enjoy it TOGETHER?"
Double Ew. Cary/Raleigh checking in!
"Pfft, like that's possible to actually improve ones self... How to solve a large swath of the adversity and social frustrations you tragically face every day: 1. Hang out with better people. 2. If (1) is not possible, try *being* a better person first."
This devalues my stattrak elite build guns. Let skin creators decide what color the stattrak should be in the in-game workshop.
"Bro, nothing beats shlongs of skyrim The best thing is, they are making Rahi and Matoran."
PHOTOSHOP Zienna in motion
"My Dad uses Internet Explorer, Why should I take advice from such an animal? YOUR PARENTS ARE FUCKING RIGHT I was at work today and I was having a conversation with one of the customers about bitchy teenagers and how they will grow up and realize, Mom and Dad were right. So I'm just gonna pass this message along here even though I'm sure it has been in the past. YOUR PARENTS ARE RIGHT LIKE 95% of the time NO THEY AREN'T BEING MEAN, LAME, OR ""DON'T UNDERSTAND"" THEY WERE TEENAGERS TOO ONCE, THEY KNOW WHAT THEY'RE FUCKING TALKING ABOUT AND THE SHIT YOU'RE GOING THROUGH. LISTEN TO THEM."
"My eyes can't see more than 60fps, needs graphics update. Graphics are awesome, but damn all these elevator loading screens everywhere."
"Ah yes, tolerance and forbearance all around. Woman criticised by Christian neighbours for having a 'relentlessly gay' garden is crowdfunding to make her house even gayer"
The shitty ass car deformation sure added to the gameplay too Did you play GTA V because you could see scratches on the side of the car? I doubt it. Did it add to the game? Sure did.
"and how do you know that? If you really understood what I wrote, you wouldn't use that quote. What you wrote is about recognizing that we don't already have all the answers. What I wrote referenced people who reject any kind of effort to know things. Using that quote implies that you think that our effort to know things should be viewed as just more ignorance."
"the beetles r fucking lame and ur just mad bc ur old and the beetles r old lol old people music sucks yeah seriously, people on here have no fuckin clue what they're talking about."
"Wow, why has anybody not thought of this? With the mention of making Bard's portals easier to target I think it should also be added that summoning a portal for team mates to use should grant an assist. [Title] I realized while I was playing the other day that I should have gotten more assists. For some reason summoning a portal for your allies to use (which ends in kills for your team) does not grant assists for Bard. For example, one time I was too low to follow to secure two kills so I opened a portal for my team mates to use and follow, which in turn got us two kills. No assists though what gives?"
"Yeah, if you're working hard to find a job, but can't find one given the state of the economy, *fuck you*. Herman Cain: ""Don't blame Wall Street, don't blame the big banks. If you don't have a job and you're not rich, blame yourself."""
"No, it's just suggested Oh is that how I'm supposed to feel? Thanks for letting me know."
"see you in overwatch nerd Last game we played against a blatant hacker, so i took my chances with a wallbang."
"The mysterious bad guys with guns who seem to be everywhere these days You could say that about any place. You bring your gun with you everywhere. Do you think that this rule will keep out bad guys with ill intent from bringing in their firearms, or do you think that the fact that they see it's a firearm free place might do the opposite and encourage them to choose that as their place to commit a crime because they know no law abiding citizen is packing heat there?"
"Yeah, usually thirteen foot snow drifts and the wolves are out maiming people. Do they even have an arena to host it? Or would they just stay in Lambeau? Because I'd imagine late April in Wisconsin is still kind of cold."
"One for potential virgins, apparently. What the hell kind of pet name is ""buns""?"
Mewtwo is unlocked as a starter. What happens if you walk away from the Pikachu?
Feed Help how do I get out of diamond.
Might you understand at 5am in the evening? I will never understand what are seagulls doing in Birmingham at 5am in the morning.
But baybeez..... She should get a fucking job instead. jeez...
"Well considering he's buying it for minors, it's fine. Minor drug use."
But he doesn't have a single point in playoffs this year Please change the locks on Stammer.
"He played Call of Duty, he knows the difference in stats between a stock weapon and a long barrel okay? LPT: he doesn't."
Whites can only be inspired by their own cultures. Because black people have hair made of neon pink wool?
"Crystal! It's been a while since content blockers have been added to iOS, which one do you think is the best?"
"But the developers will starve to death if they reward more gold to the players! It is a trap designed to make people pay. The whole ""pseudo"" free to play model is a big lie - in theory some people could grind the gold, but they are a very low percentage. Meanwhile a dedicated group spends much more than they should spend for a computer game, since there is no fixed price and the rewards are random."
Wigs can fall off Why do white girls like for me to play with their hair in bed and black girls do not?
damn dude you're so crazy with this post xdddddddd So someone told me to make a cover.. I actually did it hahahahahahaha!
There nothing as masculine as a bunch of naked guys playing games with each others members Ding Dong Ping Pong
"Because if you're trying to defend democratic concepts, the best way to deal with speech attacking them is to ban such speech! TIL that it is an offence to say that the golden color of the German flag as ""yellow""."
Probably just a visua- *nukes drop* Very nice. Very Lit as the kids say.
"He's a cynical Brit, not an cynical American We need a Vine or something of TB with an AA12 in each hand blasting the shit out of some target. That would honestly be the best thing ever."
"Yea, cause the girlfriends are really going to listen to reason from the girl who fucked their boyfriends I'm just saying, she could be a possible resource if the guys try to throw OP under the bus. All OP would need is a text from her confirming that he was not involved. She may not play ball, but it's worth reaching out."
"everyone has to be super serious and respect absolutely everyone all the time Today feels way more competitive than 15 years ago. Also, a serious decline in having a sense of humor."
Bro I'm 80 pounds and just *wasted* from this woodchuck Having a single beer and something to eat is fine.
"so sorry Oh, I'm sorry you don't understand sarcasm"
"Why not ask for them to put Tanks and Vehicles into the game on your next post? DICE need to make it a bit more obvious when your squad gains a field upgrade. I'm not sure if you guys noticed the field upgrades. I knew they were there in the beta, but I never really cared for them because DICE didn't make them stand out very much. I understand that in itself, a field upgrade shouldn't be OP, so they won't be instantly noticeable in-game. Can we at least get a nice juicy sign that pops up somewhere (quickly) alerting the squad it just gained one? In similar fashion than how ribbons awarded are displayed?"
"He must be one lucky guy to have *you* for a gf. Bf is away, time to play. There's 2 to block background. Feel like having (f)un?"
"Yes, let's all forget this and remember that the *real* problem in this country is not xenophobic ignorance in our supposed top representatives, but Clive's struggling businesses in the mining sector. Clive Palmer says Australians need to remain united after Jacqui Lambie's 'train wreck' interview"
"You mean, other than it's the one true church? It's way past a religious movement already. It's an established religion by now. Unless you mean in terms of TSCC becoming ultra popular to the general public presently, then I'd say, ""not more than it already is"". I can't see a reason for people to suddenly accept the LDS faith over any other religion."
"The recent influx of scummy players is fun, isn't it, guys? Bounty on thrugai. Yesterday afternoon, I was killed by thrugai and had my bed broken. I've only just now gotten back home to see that he had gotten past my reinforced chest and stolen about ~70 diamonds, as well as taken all of my diamond gear I had on me. In all, he took two diamond pickaxes, a diamond sword with smite I, a diamond helmet with respiration I, diamond leggings, diamond boots with blast protection I, two stacks of hay bales, ~15 iron blocks, 14 obsidian, 50 glowstone dust, and my snitch. As you can see, he stole my snitch, so I can't provide much proof. I'll see if I can find the chat logs for when he killed me. If someone can find him and/or my belongings and return anything, I will provide a generous award."
"Because his lyrics weren't deep and meaningful like ""A mulatto/ An albino /A mosquito /My libido /Yeah"" Why not?"
"Well clearly just have it take the limit as the denominator approaches 0. ezpz How should it be handled? There is no valid solution. You can't very well have a computation that divides by 0 just return some number and continue on its way, without notifying that something went wrong."
"Oh, I didn't realize this was a state election and not for the President of the United States. I don't think the AZ Police Dept has their eyes on a Stealth jet... at least not yet. On the state level it would be more like. ""How bout we not spend all that money rebuilding the stadium for that sports ball team?"" But, good effort nonetheless."
"well can you be trusted, you NSA spy? Anyone in Germany hiring American tech people? I'd love to get out of this shithole and bring my experience over there."
"Dip, batteries, rip'd fuel, dirty jerk off mags, and adult diapers. Care package ideas? My brother is a coast guard currently at school for rescue swimming. It's an intense program and I wanted to send him a few things to put a smile on his face, but don't have too many ideas. What are things that you would like to receive from home? So far, I'm making grandmas cookies for him and having his niece and nephew make some pics."
totally makes up for it! Refs giving us the call back from last game
"Right, so everyone should get a compact car regardless of what they need the car for. ""No more spots, huh? Oh I'll just take a disabled spot. No one will mind!"" If you cars not a compact or you're not disabled don't take the fucking designated spots. Stupid ass soccer mums in ""4WDs"" forces parking lots to repaint wider spaces which gives them less business."
"But remember, Bortles is better than Teddy because of stats. Blake Bortles is the king of garbage time stat padding"
They were just defending our freedom A black band member was threatened with a knife by five white men in the bathroom during the game. He didn't even kneel during the anthem.
"It is, it even says so in the title It looks like it's done in Paint."
"Cause that is universally available, let alone easily. Vote by mail. Stop complaining."
"with UP elections around the corner, Dalit hoga Please report back with your skin colour and religion"
"New Ghostbusters: if you don't like it, you're a sexist who hates women! I would hate (I wouldn't) for 177,000 people (centipedes) to give an honest (1 star) review of the new Ghostbusters movie. #doitformilo"
But the human arm can't tell the difference between 4k and 720 kilos! Peasants wish they could lift such glorious weights
"The nice thing about this root cause is that it means there wasn't an engine failure, no plumbing failure, the Merlins were happy right up until some berk dropped a rocket on them. Elon Musk on Twitter: ""Turns out the landing was not as fast we thought, but still hard enough to destroy the primary airframe and accordion the engines"""
"I don't mind the pipeline, as long as its not in my backyard. I don't mind the pipeline in general but absolutely oppose the governments attempt to steal private land for it. I protested a similar matter in New London CT a few years ago."
"Well he didn't have breast I highly doubt that a person on his second day at a job appeared more ""dominant."""
"Don't bring your facts in here, jerk! didnt you really struggle against Ohio, need OT to beat App State and were hot garbage in the first half against Florida?"
Look at that mean-spirited artist - remember Hitler? The slippery slope is even steeper now.
Shall we get a megathread? Man in Sweden attacked school with sword. Atleast 1 dead and 5 injured.
"It's all fine when he does it, but when I lift my shirt and drop my pants, it's ""indecent exposure"" His first soccer game. Got a little warm..."
"Well something must have happened before the video starts that shows the cammer pissed off the other driver...... So, cammers fault. Well I imagine the video ends there because the camera stopped working at that point, I don't know what more you would expect him to post."
Bringing the Bad Boys back! Smiling and clapping after nearly splitting a guys head open. So classy.
"Now I feel like an idiot, thanks. I didn't ask for those lol"
"vanilla was better ""40 man Naxx was the best!"" - No vanilla raiding warlock ever"
"...but but... Muh NASB! This is a great example of how very-literal translations are not, necessarily, the best."
"Hello, you must be new to this subreddit. I can't believe how much some people want to be a victim."
So THAT'S why origin players are so autistic. Damn you origin and your vaccinations! :(
"Thanks for your continuing transparency. As useful as it might have been, it was getting into an area where we were not comfortable keeping it going."
sure the carrier is using it's insane dps to break the (by siege amplified) reps of a dread while tanking it on one rep no problem What are you talking about? A proper fit carrier will tank the dread no problem.
sounds like rape culture to me According to the article women have a higher virginity rate than men (44% vs 42%). Sounds more like WGTOW.
but everyone else is better than me Rumble
It'll get better when they merge. Time-Warner in NYC
Isn't that a US territory? She was looking for Portugal
"I personally like to hang my pictures on the wall, but to each their own I guess. Very cool picture, I'd get that one framed and hold onto it."
"I went back to drugs since nothing can kill my addiction like BB, but at least it helps a bit Question for you all: So, uh... What do we do until the 3rd?"
I'm absolutely shocked that a place with a muslim community that's been allowed to grow out of hand has such backwards views of gender equality Fury as women are BANNED from 'men-only' sessions at Luton's taxpayer-funded Olympic swimming pool 'for cultural reasons' and segregated in smaller community baths
Just as long as they are separate but equal. Separate Bathrooms by Religion? Oklahoma Opens New Front in Transgender Debate.
"Nah bro, you gotta keep the company ""cool"" and ""innovative"" and ""loose"", sobriety in the workplace is for cucks I realize its the totes cool thing to let employees drink at work but have they considered that maybe its a terrible idea to be under the influence in a professional environment?"
"Cultural appropriation. Gave the neighbor kids chalk. I give you, Whiteface."
That's equivalent to firing the support team I thought it was just one guy working on mobile.
The entire tweet is I was told this would be a good place to post this
"Yeah, because adjusting the brightness is *hard*. Yeah, I'ma just bend over backwards to see your dark gif. or maybe, just down vote and move on."
"Obviously, look at his username Are you Icelandic? Your English is very good, by the way."
Illegal stage 1/10. Ness v Marth near 0-death.
Don't fuck with my dude -_- im so dumb
"Yea, but Trump just makes sense ""Donald Trump is constantly lying: The past week has made it very clear that Donald Trump has zero concern about the truth."""
Last gen Bungie Why Are There No Aerial Vehicles In Destiny? IMO one of the best things about Halo was kicking someone off a Banshee...
Because taxes are worse than racial injustice! So you are literally comparing these idiots to the boston tea party?
But but...... LET THEM PLAY Holding no call on Coyle
"You're really grasping at straws to prove your point here.... Also his comedic foreground, since he's a comedian doing a comedy show on a network devoted to comedy programming, called Comedy Central."
"Your carving is almost as bad as Intel HD Graphics I see your GeForce and AMD pumpkins, but your clearly forgot the superior, I present to you the Intel HD Graphics pumpkin."
"Tbf they do not contribute to skill like skins do. Yep, this guy is more thorough than I am. Totally forgot about music packs and pins!"
"Yeah, I prefer CSS over CSS 3. I prefer html to html5."
"Surely it was just a fundie scientologist Terrible news. As usual, thanks r/The_Donald for being a sub where information and discussion are both up to date and uncensored."
"[A golf club.] I'm a driver you need to go far, and I'll only hit things outside of the car...what am I?"
Please :( think of the fucking karma. Rule of thumb for me
"Well, maybe you shouldn't have been hacking so bad they had to ban you for 31,536,000 units of time. Unturned Admins being mature as usual"
Who wants to see a mixtape of a white guy who just passes? Where's Stockton's?!?
"Why are they called ""Cobra constrictor"" then? Cobras aren't constrictors. They kill with venom not hugs."
"Yeah, bunch of good Samaritan's right there. Love how nobody stops to see if you're alright."
"USA USA USA House Republicans Vote to Throw 300,000 Kids off Food Stamps In Order to Cut Taxes for Millionaires"
SHOCKER! Danks to Have Season-Ending Surgery
... I wonder if there are any stories out there about how slow it could fly... And now get ready to see it once a week whenever a jet post arrises
HOW DARE YOU MAKE COMMENTS ABOUT SOMEONES BODY PEOPLE ARE BEAUTIFUL EVEN IF THEY'RE SKINNY/FAT ASSES /RAGE Guy could have used a couple of milk shakes.
1 like if ur a proUd American scroll pass if ur a refuge People on Facebook have been sharing this trash....
I love Ubisoft's apps. Are you sure about that?
"Kasi napaganda niya ang Makati. Binay supporters, why should we vote for Binay as our next president? You are obviously the minority on social media. Thus, could you shed some light and kindly educate us? Is there anything most netizens don't understand about the Binays?"
They are concerned with her Human Rights. Saudi police try to shift blame onto Indian maid
"Vultrum and Pineta Penis Pump, brothers in arms against the evil Blue Jays fandom It'll be upvotes for pro blue Jay comments and down votes for anti blue Jay comments"
"rayquaza isn't grass type, filthy fucking casuals My sisters job made this for my brothers birthday party"
Because thanks to the universal support for Obamacare in every state there's someone to pick up the horrendous costs of permanent disabilities caused by going un-vaccinated. Nearly all states allow religious exemptions for vaccinations
"I mean, you have a picture of it, damn. So... Anything identifying about the car that makes it different from the thousands of other Pewter G37s on the street?"
"damn he also plays AFL I fucking love Majok Majok, he's a 6'9 center who led the NBL in rebounds last season when he started instead of Hakim Warrick"
"Yeah, it was a good thing the kid on the cot leaned forward before that rifle discharged! i guess it was a safe direction, right between 2 kids..."
because the only thing we need is more injury problems! fucking hell.
Pussy One of my culinary textbooks from college and where we were taught to never blindly trust recipes: Put 1 cup salt We were making a total yield of 4 cups of icing. We needed 1 tsp. Of salt.
"We are the civilized people, obvicakes... This article sure has a lot of ""we"" in it, but I'm somewhat unsure who exactly they think ""we"" are..."
I suppose it's better for the minority to elect a demagogue than the majority. The Electoral College is to prevent mob rule. Popular vote doesn't really mean jack shit.
"See, and they said abstinence teaching would't work! Teen Birth Rate Reaches Lowest Level in 7 Decades"
The immigrants are taking our jobs! #thanksmexico
"That's a pretty tough sell, I'd imagine they are going to have a hard time finding interns who are willing to do that. World Of Beer Asks Interns To Eat, Drink And Hop Around Globe: World of Beer, a Tampa-based bar and restaurant chain, is looking for interns willing to travel the globe, tasting beer and documenting their experiences across social media for four months."
I've always wanted to see the inside of an ambulance. And no traction control
"Cool, ESPN is gonna ruin coverage in two of my fave sports! ESPN is probably looking to make a huge bid for both the UFC and the NHL. They are going under as a network and need something to get that revenue back up."
Hey that's a good way to win an argument: Insulting your opponent's intelligence. You've just passed several grade levels above what he can understand
Well you sure changed my mind! This is not a scam.
"The Koran states that a woman must be accompanied by her husband on commecial jetliner flights Waaait a second... She can fly without the supervision of her husband, but she can't serve alcoholic beverages? Can some one please tell me what's going on here"
"Yeah that Iovine scrub, bet he never did anything in the music business I knew I was switching over the minute they brought drake on stage.... Not I mean seriously I thought they were gonna bring Dr. Dre out and they out comes non apple presenter jimmy iovine, then they are like let me bring out a real musician D-RE ake Lame"
"Clearly, mentioning your husband is your sneaky feeemale way of letting men know that you are a feeeeeeeemale and therefore open to offers of sex, dick pics, general harassment, etc. I really just can't mention my husband on Whisper at all, can I?"
"nothing says 'liberal' like religious fundamentalism, amiright? Another delightful trip to liberals' favorite part of the world!"
"Free $10,000 for TSM ah, another chance for tsm to prove that they're top 1 NA. ahahahahaha"
Check you privilege shitlord! Gender quotas are an insult to the ideas meritocracy and democracy.
"Buying jk in order to buy you gotta get the entitlment in a chest How long until the next esports event we can earn FP with? Now that Spring SPL is wrapping up, what can we earn FP with next, besides winning games? Predicting the outcomes is the only reliable way I can get my FP fix :)"
"Gee I wonder who's move that is.... It's called a ""Tazzmission"" in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu"
Pop in all the brewmasters to keep bouncing it until we get Mysterious Challenger and I think we have invented the new meta. I think we have a legitimate deck going here
Sounds like something a cumdumpster would say I feel like someone would have to do or say something pretty egregious to warrant being called a cumdumpster. Saying it about some strangers shows an impressive amount of misogyny.
"I'm sure the disabled and mentally ill have always wanted to live in a prison. So, by putting them in terrorist jail, the FBI is essentially giving developmentally disabled and mentally ill people a lifetime of housing and free healthcare? The fiends."
Yes teamwork ruins a team play oriented game They are already ruining it in regular play
Haha.... So does democracy Haha.... that means something different in USA.
"Because we're an **awesome** school, obviously! Be accepted at a good school Be accepted at Notre Dame Why are these categories separate?"
oh yea they are totally being respectful They aren't even really making fun of him though. It is an impressive and funny thing to see.
"All the time. Do you joke with female friends about spanking them? Do you ever joke with female friends about spanking them or how you would spark them (i.e riding crop, hand etc)"
"""good or evil"" so like the US and Russia? So, is Ivern good or evil? What do you think? On one hand he's the friend of the forest and he saves animals, and he appears to be a kind old tree. On the other hand, he used to be Ivern the Cruel, he may or may not kill the humans who hunt animals, and his Candy King recall is terrifying."
That's generally handles by a I need a sarcasm font
Attack of the aunties. Why India is terrified of free-range vaginas
"I've done 2 cycles of Starting Strength and I don't look good so I guess ya gotta cheat to pull girls smh phew thot you were the usual 1-2yr kid who wants to hop on, too many of those around here"
"I guess all those other people should have made anonymous donations too, fuck Notch and all those guys, they just donated thousands of dollars for PR! Really? It's not like they would of made it had it been an anonymous donation."
"Seriously, what a scrub! It's a Testament to how insanely good he is that hitting 7 threes is an off-game."
"A BIT off topic, but I'm psyched to have iADs on my desktop in OSX 10.7! Q: How are iOS4 and Mac OS X interrelated? The impression i've had is that iPhone/iPad software was the same OS, now iOS4, which is itself a subset of Mac OS X. In fact, I remember earlier versions of the iPhone OS reported as being a lean but full Mac OS X install. Does anyone know? And if it is the same OS, why couldn't we run iOS4 on iPads today?"
"I dunno, Five Guys is pretty damn awesome. I disagree. Though a majority of the US populace professes ""support for the troops"" to no end, there is little real support ever seen by the troops from the American people... Just look at the VA system, it's laughably atrocious. A few military discounts at five guys and the movies is NOT supporting the troops."
This sounds like the best idea in the world. A Texas agency wants to allow alcohol sales at gun shows. What could possibly go wrong?
"But at least we have the most progressive far right, #1 is a woman and #2 is gay. And your country will vote for Le Pin in April/May, she is as bad as Donald Trump"
It's almost like the PS4 is a way bigger market for JRPGs So a big 2 finger salute to xbox users.
Yes! Maybe you should do a discussion speculating about Willem Dafoe's role in JL?
"DPR itu wakil rakyat, suara mereka sudah cukup untuk mewakili rakyat jadi tidak perlu mendengarkan suara rakyat. Do the public have a real voice in this though? Remember back then, no matter how many public outrages were happening, DPR kept abusing their power with wasteful 'studi banding' and sneaky bills. How do we really rein DPR? If there's a legit public petition or anything I want to contribute. I'm too sick with DPR."
clearly a paid shill Tony Blair Says He Trusts Hillary Clinton Completely
I hope to work for Google so I believe this will always be a purely defensive patent. Google Patent Application: System And Method For Parallelizing Convolutional Neural Networks
Would you like Austin Romine by any chance? Rangers Working On Deal For Backup Catcher
"Dude, I, like, literally lost brain cells from reading your comment. I lost a few brain cells reading this wow"
TL;DR I trust this government cares about me and my welfare and this is blasphemy Over 16 trillion to the banks! Where are the tea baggers on this one? 700 billion doesn't look so bad now.
nice shot 3&amp;1/2 inches of steel to the chest
You can tell it's a woman by the colour of the wheels. Woman Rolls Into Oncoming Traffic
Such art Beautiful Creation by Installation Artist Chiharu Shiota
"I dunno man, that review from Carla Rab is really having me reconsider.. Fae - The Wild Hunt is #1 on the Amazon Epic Fantasy Bestseller list... just felt the need to brag while it lasts."
It's obviously the 15:10 Master Race! Its 2560x1440 not 2160x1440
Asking stupid questions. What is something people do that pisses you off for no reason?
"And the democratic party has no power in those states The DNC does not schedule primaries, the states do."
"I think the leak of Hillary Clinton's emails caused 9/11. That's the question I never see them ask on television... If all these emails could have spilled secrets to our enemies, or weakened defense, or exposed classified information, then where is the evidence that anything like that happened? So far there is none. They're not even looking for that, they'd rather dig through her emails trawling for anything embarrassing, or anything that can add more fuel to their fire."
That's statism tho Since no one has been keeping count of the deaths under Capitalist governments
"If the Koreans touch CSGO its basicly over for the west I really, really hope cs:go spreads in Asia. It'd be sick to get a community as big as Dota and LoL and have good, competitive teams from all around."
"Vote brigading; everyone's banned 200,000 signatures on the petition to remove ellen pao, ceo of reddit."
"Yes, because fucking up a rental is perfectly acceptable. Maybe he's an aspiring BMX rider looking to stand out from the crowd. You can rent exotic cars like this for $500/night, maybe that's what he did. Rent lambo, have friend park on street, bmx hop over it, piss the world off, get noticed. You know what they say, there's no such thing as bad publicity in the celebrity world. ...Or he's just a prick. Either way, we don't know the entire truth behind this 6 second clip."
It's in kmph Draymond Green just snapchatted a video of him driving 118 mph
"Because subcap guns is all that dreads get I guess. It also depends on price. If the cost is similar to a vindicator, I can be more accepting of 2k."
"It's a shame that they were slaves, and not free to go find another job at any time. I'm all for early adopters of women in the workplace, but this is the absolute worst job for a female."
"not even NXT, what a fucking mark Gimme some of that sports-entertainment fam"
"Yes, that's awesome that someone decided that only the Christians were worth saving... That is quite awesome."
"But Cruz cares... because he fights for the important stuff! Oh for Pete's sake. So Bruce took a dump in the lady's bathroom. Does anyone care? ...Anyone? No, nobody cares. We care about things like OFFSHORING PRODUCTION."
"Yes, because this is obviously the only meal I ever eat and not something I just make when I'm short on time. Your body might in 20 years time though."
Well then it should be alright for the black community to hate all white people because of slavery and it's alright to hate all todays germans for WW2 And you have nerve enough to complain to me that I laugh at you?
"Nice to know some of them give us their permission. Although it's just an example of the government deigning to 'give' us rights, there are a number of states with cottage food acts which allow certain kinds of foods to be produced and sold without the direct interference of some agency."
"No dude, life is only worth it if you live in a first-world country, otherwise what's the point? Coming from a poor County, I highly doubt that. Poor people hold onto their life dearly."
"Well, I guess that would stop them from changing their mind later on it they decided it was more profitable to do so. The ISPs already agreed to net neutrality before that happened."
She does have to get re-elected in Arizona Her record has not been good. She was elected as a democrat but voted rather conservative almost immediately.
"shhh you'll interrupt the circle jerk Awww, you just jelly that he's more entertaining than you."
"I think they meant real sport. Remember when people said Connors tweet was the biggest sports related tweet of the year? Well it was actually Kobe Bryant's ""mamba out tweet. As a Kobe fan I just wanted to air that out."
"No you don't understand, you're a loser beta cuck and no one loves you or will ever sleep with you and it's all the woman's fault! I'm a law student at what is probably the nerdiest university in the world. I thought my girlfriend and I were having fairly regular sex. Apparently not!"
"If it's not Messi, it's not amazing. Great assist, but the only thing difficult bout that pass is timing. Not that amazing."
See this is why step free access to the underground is a bad idea Daleks take over the London Underground
He clearly put you on the spot with that eloquent retort. Typical Tumblr Interaction
"Sorry.... Again, not nearly enough drones or remote pilots for the drones to operate (maintenance, refueling etc) for that to even approach being a logical solution."
"That's what the patriarchy wants you to think. A healthy, attractive, talented model shouldn't be excluded because of an arbitrary number."
STOP FORCING YOUR WEEABOOISM ON YOUR CHILDREN She just wanted to make her feel better
'Tis a wonderful sound If you listen closely you can hear Wasome's panties flooding.
Well thats settled then isnt it? Trump insults Gianni Infantino: 'Worst president ever'
i cant .....mmmmm..... understand .....mmmmm..... your accent ....mmmmm..... what a winner I post to GW and blocked this person a couple months ago. Unblocked him and found these.
All white rappers are eminem wannabes tbh MGK wannabe
"""That's cause the pro gun crowd is wrong, duuuuuuh..."" If you try to engage an active shooter then you think you're John Wayne. If you don't engage an active shooter then you're a coward. Can't win with the anti-gunners."
###THIS ISN'T r/WHOLESOMEMEMES Being surrounded by loved ones on your birthday is worse than being alone? TIL I guess..
"She just exudes maturity, doesn't she? I can't believe she did that to a professor."
"The gods at Riot are never wrong, you heretic! You won't get banned just because you visited your friend once. That's dumb. They never do such mistakes and they check everything step by step to be 100% sure that someone is elo-boosting. So I'm just w8ing for Lyte to smite your eloboosting ass."
"I thought it was because he worked so therefore couldn't be black? It was really easy to figure out. In your history you answered a question about the 80's, talked about your home, and said you like the song all star so obviously not black."
cocaine and marijuana What's something that's worth spending a few extra bucks on?
"I'd try running without all of those zig-zags, that might help. Same run on different days. Was told to turn off WiFi and yet this problem is still happening..."
Especially America! It's usually based around corruption in most countries.
"You can tell Capital Taxi guy loves his job. Oh man, I hadn't even seen that! Also, that guy who wants to leave the cube life (something that I understand deeply myself)."
"yea, you're right, I think it's time for us to move on from him Matt Ryan threw for 500 yards on this defense last week. Jameis on the other hand overthrows open receivers by 5+ yards. He's been doing this for 20 and a half games now and shows no signs of improving his accuracy whatsoever."
Don't you know how easy it is to become a CPA? Give someone a Reddit account and they become tax experts
"But maybe he was talking about the 7 year wars, where Prussia bankrupted the UK, making it raise taxes leading to the revolutionary war. dead fucking serious, My other roommate and I asked him freshman year who we got our independence from. he said Germany.. Fucking Germany."
"Is this the reaction I should expect at graduation next year since I'm on the part-time, 4yr route? Guy fakes his graduation from law school at a school that has a graduating class of 100"
Yeah they wouldn't even make a highschool team in todays game Nah Russell and Chamberlain were just beating up on short fat white dudes who were working construction earlier in the day!
"Yes, smug redditors who believe the best way to save everyone is to write Trump on everything before setting it aflame are so much better. At least that will be entertaining and funny. Anything is better than a pack of smug redditors trying to save the rest of us from ourselves."
"But that's why we have best Buy associates who are there to tell us about the differences in the product There needs to be like a flowchart or something that details on what a laptop does well, and what laptop would be suited to an individual in workplaces."
I'm in the gtx 1080ti group Uh what if it's neither group?
Yeah I've never really understood parking in the lines. That just means you suck even worse at parking.
"Don't you know that everyone who messes up in the slightest deserves to be hurt physically so some Internet people can feel superior in that *they* wouldn't do that, and so that they can claim that that person is stupid? I see a guy who fucked up. Had a moment of idiocy. It seems everyone else sees a guy who got what he deserved? It seems kinda harsh to me. As a grown ass man, I've fucked up plenty of times. If someone spit on me every time I had a lapse in judgement, I'd be an angry bitter person. But hey, you guys know best. Clearly this asshole deserves no sympathy, the upvotes have spoken."
"God forbid you look at a penis, you might get the gay sickness. Oh god this is hysterical but the more I watch it the more I realize I'm looking at a guys dick."
"Oh sure, I've seen these words be used an insult *soooo* often! Fuckboi, manwhore, womanizer, player, tool, dog, pervert, whore, deviant. ""Literally no words"" he says"
"Right, because it's only the wars which are unsustainable drains on ""our bank account"" as evidenced by the surplus we've had under every previous administration, not to mention the senators approving of the wars (but obviously Bush was just going to shoot them all if they didn't vote in accordance with his whims). If a president uses executive authority to, say, start two wars in the middle east that completely drain our bank account (in case you haven't figured it out that'd by bush), then yes, you can say they had a huge hand in ruining the economy."
Of course Ure such a badass
"Hilary Clinton/Elizabeth Warren double bat mitzvah; Diane Feinstein gets the first aliyah, Ruth Bader-Ginsburg does hagbah, and Gloria Steinem leads musaf? To what end?"
"Yeah, it makes no sense that those with the most experience in the game should carry more weight than those who play a couple hours a week. It's destiny. The crying no lifers will be the doom of the division. Hope the Devs have bigger balls than to cave to the minority who feel so entitled that it's all about them."
"Oh sure, that's why the Lakers can't fill Staples to watch an 8 win team right now Because you can't hide long-term mediocrity in LA. The Clippers would regularly draw 60-75% of the Lakers. In 1991-1992 the Clippers made the playoffs, the Lakers didn't. One team drew over 17k, the other team drew just over 12k. You suck for that long, people don't care about the rare season where you don't suck."
"Hahahah boy do I remember the last time I had twenty grand. Yeah I need surgery on my ankle, but don't have $20,000."
"Because ugly fat people are a US centric problem. You say ""only in USA,"" but I have never seen one of those before. And I've lived in the USA for a while."
They made an Avatar: TLA movie? I thought you were talking about Avatar: The Last Airbender but it still made sense
"Pfft, it's obviously camouflage. Just a casual giant tree gathering at my airfield."
"Yup, all the rape fame is good for business, just ask bill cosby. Flailing his arms like limp noodles is such an effective way to escape a kidnapper! Unless they actually used physical force to subdue him and inflicted pain, there is no way in absolute fucking hell they would be able to duck tape his hands together. Oh wait, maybe if he helps them by flipping over on his stomach and gives them his arms then they could do it, which is exactly what he did. Again, how the fuck did they manage to duck tape his hands to the goddamn chair? If he actually believed he was kidnapped then he'd be fighting for his life! Are you telling me they threatened to shoot him off camera if he didn't relax? I wanna see the video of them duck taping him to the chair. That's physically impossible unless you threatened his life or used painful physical force to get him in there. So what I'm trying to get at is this is a fake prank."
Yeah but he's been shit recently playing out of position so clearly he doesn't have the ability to be a striker What about the beginning of the season when he kept Giroud out of the starting XI for a while? Such short term memory on this sub.
The best part of Nerang is Nielsens Road because it takes you out of Nerang E.g. Nerang. (stop laughing.)
"So Finn is going to get Poe pregnant? Except Rey is Luke. Finn is Han. Poe is Leia. Poe has important info hidden in droid, gets captured, is rescued by stormtrooper who doesn't want to be a hero but gets sucked in. Rey grows up hidden on desert world, by the end of the first ep is going off to train."
"Well, at least no one is going to be doing anything graphically intensive on a MacBook Pro, like the entire design industry. Apple says new MacBook Pro has only 16GB of RAM to save battery life"
no no no we need an 8 month long season! Even more for the MLS in the middle of the playoffs. I wish the MLS would make an adjustment.
"Any time Thank you for this thought provoking, insightful comment."
If he turns out to be gay. What would it take for your child (or future child) to grow up to be a disappointment to you?
"You forgot at the end of the day, who gives a shit! so what he wanted to take a 3. mike brown doesn't bench blake, mwp, and kobe for bricking and even airballing 3's a bunch of times in a row. bynum is the shit, yo. 2012 all-star. he deserves everything he wants in life. a true american hero. brat, huh? if you rearrange the letters in brat you get bart, no? isn't that interesting. bart simpson's a brat but no one complains about it. you know why? because he's the fucking shit, man. brown's probably just going to make him write on a chalkboard for awhile, but you know what? he's just gonna get away again. so beware the bynum and he hates your guts. yes i do."
"Yeah what an ass, stays injured when needed the most! too little too late."
"Needs a Blizzard is a small indie company you really can't expect them to be able to make a draft system not reliant of third party tools in 8 months. It's just not possible to make, in such a *short* time frame. It's too difficult for the players to understand, and hard to monetize. It's seriously impossible."
Saved I really doubt people will still use Reddit in 10 years.
That's a level-headed response. Because I don't give a shit about the Republican party's election strategies. I'm inclined to support it just to spite redstate and you.
But Christian beliefs are *special* and above reproach! I'm tired of seeing people complain whenever something to do with religion gets made fun of. You don't complain when everything else in the world gets made fun of.
What's wrong with flick 3 and being untouchable and stunning your opponent at the same time? hmm EMS sasuke better have a new moveset
Fork on BOATS 2 #METIME by 2 Chainz was probably the best I've heard What's the best opening track to an album?
Too hot Damn Grah
Are you choking on the extra dick your girlfriend let you suck before you become monogamous? *coughbullshitcough*
so by all means draw attention to it with a piercing. True story though - all the contour in the world couldn't hide my huge ass nose
"I'm guessing NJ isn't one of them, otherwise this cop would *surely* be in prison! In some states, your third is a felony and you have to do a year in prison."
I'm sure this would not get abused. Guaranteed $20K income for all Canadians endorsed by academics...
Your personality man People will judge you before you even open your mouth. So what could that judgement possibly be based on...
Nah i like it a lot no It's gotta be
But we were so successful tracking verto and kimble! Ooh another blockchain sherlock holmes on the case who thinks hes found some golden brand new information.
"I'd almost bet the 747 has a tighter radius. I was kind of disappointed this wasn't about the art of turning an airplane around, you know like 180 degrees on the ground kind of deal. Like, here is the deference between, from a dead stand still, turning a SR-22 v a B-747 around. Still pretty cool."
How big is this Duluth Pant factory? Backyard Hockey in Duluth (Part 2)
Yes because logically we should send our pregnant women to put out reactor fires name a game and anita will find some reason to complain (fallout shelter)
"I think you forgot to put come on guys, its obviously rambo, don't know how nobody got it."
"Shouldn't of entered their safe space, tis a sacred place. WHITE GIRL BEAT FOR BEING IN BLACK SAFE SPACE"
What a life pro tip LPT: at most McDonalds you can get two 10 piece nuggets for $1 cheaper than the 20 piece
"post this in r/news! Just occurred to me about the whole ""legalizing drugs"" thing"
"That's sexist, you berniebros^^tm you! No, it's EXCITING to be able to vote FOR a candidate instead of AGAINST one for the first time in my life. Fuck this lady's bullshit."
What a catch! This guy is a goldmine for self memes
clearly the level 8 stab them all in the back numerous time. Why you shouldn't give low level randoms a chance...
"Please get to know more art majors, shesh. Found on my news feed."
"We're not allowed to find typos in 2XC funny as we would anywhere else on Reddit, we're supposed to be *ladies*. No fun zone from here on."
I'm lucky to have gotten the 8' bed option on my truck How do you carry your Iphone 6 Plus? I'm curious if it fits in most peoples pockets or if they have another way of carrying
"If someone leaves a ranked game they should be permabanned. Can we reinforce more serious punishments for people who leave Ranked Matches? Seriously, a lost match and 15 minute timeout is not a punishment it's a bathroom break and a reddit browse away from joining a new game. One person leaves then it's 4v5, then it turns into this snowball effect where its 2v5 and no one gets punished. If they consider a 15 minute timeout and a match loss a punishment this problem is here to stay, and it'd be a real shame as it's one of the most un-fun aspects of playing ranked. Knowing I can just dip out of a shitty team and be back within a blink of an eye isn't punishment."
"It's totally not ironic that this guy is a Christian, because God/the Bible definitely condones murder. Christian US army soldier calls for the death of Obama and threatens murder. A disgrace to his uniform."
"They should focus ONLY on poor people rather than sending Satellites to space Indian Satellites save 10,000 lives in recent Cyclone Vardah"
The russians are just trying to make us think that! DDOS is originating from the US.
The funny thing is that Barracks actually produce that many marines The Zerg invaded Paris
"By ""Oak Park Mall"" the OP did in fact mean ""Oak Park, Illinois."" If it was Oak Park, Illinois, get over your guilt. Having been one for 26 years off and on, and knowing I was one, they are a self-righteous group with a huge sense of entitlement. My father in law told me that is why my husband married me."
"Yup - Fuck you buddy. Well fuck me for liking my new phone, I guess. I got a new phone. No, I won't share what kind it is, because that's besides the point. I made a post on Facebook about how I was happy to finally have a new phone that wasn't broken like my old one and how I got it for a nice price. It's nothing fancy, it's not anything top of the line, it's just a decent piece of hardware with good reviews and a dash of style that I personally really like. Within SIXTY MOTHER FUCKING SECONDS my wall was aflame with people telling me that phone was a piece of shit, I'm an idiot for buying it, how I wasted my money on such an inferior device, and finally, how one person was *severely disappointed in me* for purchasing it and how stupid I was. I can't even begin to fathom what would motivate some people to go out of their was to inveigh something as trivial as a new phone, or why they would get so nasty about it."
Day Zero Edition hype! I'm waiting for details on special editions before I pre-order.
"Yeah definitely, but how do you think the 490 will compare to the 1070? Can some of you stop asking how 490 will do against the 1070 and other questions. There is only one answer. Wait for the fucking benchmarks. Especially if you're getting a 1070, don't get caught in the hype train. Wait for what AMD has to offer with the 490."
Ununpentium is element 115 confirmed Wait a minute...
"* AA reduced damage/longer cooldown/more reduced attack speed * Nerf Ember spirit a little * Fixed courier bug * Terrorblade slow scales from 1-4 * Paralyzing cask buff for WD * Lone Druid buff * Some kind of nerf to bottle crowing again * Elder Titan buff * Priestess of the POTM nerf to arrow * Meepo starts with 2 meepo's level one 6.81 Balance expectations? 6.81 was brought up earlier today in Dreamleague by James who said it would be out in April^^^lets ^^^hope. Regardless of whether or not it is actually coming out then, what heroes/items do you expect to be changed? Personally what I hope most to see is another AM buff, but who knows."
No it always has to be locker's fault Everybody calling for Locker's head on that INT. It bounced OFF of our WR (so it shoulda been caught) into another player by luck. If anything blame whoever didn't make that catch.
I see the crowd is going wild in the background Lightsaber duel at 2015 Fencing Senior World Championships
"She plays a lot of hidden object games, so she needs some juice. Gram grams specs are better than my own... ;_;"
Probably just the result of some parking space quarrel Arab man killed in US by his anti-Muslim neighbor - A Lebanese-American man was shot and killed by a neighbor who had used violence and insults against the Arab family for years
I know right? Not a single jew? Top bloke.
This will certainly sort out the fractured nature of the current labour party Jeremy Corbyn to give greater decision-making powers to Labour grassroots
"Eastern Europe, the leach of EU In the last eight years, over 36,000 doctors, dentists and pharmacists have left Romania to work elsewhere in the EU"
"Socialist. $1,105 in California Not everything is bigger in Texas!"
"Obviously it's ok to charge for those things because the evil men use them! So food, medicine and other essentials are fine to charge for but not tampons."
"I think he needs to let plurself decide it's own gender, shitlord So, my buddy decided to use his drift car for their gender reveal. I think he deserves the title of ""most badass gender reveal ever"""
"Yeah, I'm sure she's a tremendous supporter of gay rights... Really, don't Muslim schools perpetuate inequality between the sexes and homosexuals. Maybe that is where she is coming from?"
It's only 3 because no one hacked grindr So 3 out of the 1000 odd candidates running for the main parties? Seems low to me.
"You forgot the A Case for Cloud9 as a Top 5 Team I think C9 is/will be a Top 5 team in the next month or so. I have a few reasons. Skadoodle is the best AWPer in the world. This is obvious from last year and DH Austin, Guardian is bad right now with his injury and Ska is on a level above everyone else. n0thing is back in form. As we saw in Austin, n0thing is back to his 1.6 god status. If he keeps this up he could easily become a top 10 player in the world, like his teammate shroud already is. As previously stated, shroud is already a top 10 talent in the world. His rifling skills are nearly unparalleled, any good analyst can see past the stats and notice this. His raw aim is excellent and I have no doubt with a bit of improvement on his decision making he'll propel C9 to a top spot. Stewie2k is improving faster than anyone in CSGO history. Two years ago stewie had just started playing. If we consider the fact that his improvement will continue to be linear he will unarguably transcend the current pro scene and become the greatest player of all time. His performances at the major and earlier LANs are irrelevant because he has already improved a ton since then and he is good now. Slemmy is a great hard working IGL. and that's why I think C9 can be the top team in NA and top 5 in the world like they always used to be, anyone else agree with me? I think Thorin already said something along these lines so my opinion is very valid."
"Good thing he has 2 months, then Going from a 10 minute mile to a 6 minute mile pace for multiple miles takes longer than a month."
"Guys I'm a black-identifying pangender cactus, you have no idea what I go through... No no no, this isn't a new gender, it is just your personality."
"It was on one of the Bounty Hunters Class missions: [**Spoilers**] : [In one mission you get sent back to DK to kill a beast in a cave, and if you go to the back of the cave there is all of this mist/fog there which allowed me to take this screenshot!] Really like the third picture! How'd you manage that?"
"If it's devoid, that means you can see where things are by absence of the Force, rather than a presence of it! Can someone explain how chapter 7 for a Miraluka player works? Hey. Just thought of it after i was done there. If that planet has no force or very corrupted force, Then shoulden't all Miraluka be completely blind on that planet? Since they see through the force."
"so what's wrong with "" just getting by"", live in the moment amirite? Fed study: 40% of Americans ""just getting by"" or struggling, financially"
"Jokes on you buddy we still don't allow that Louisiana 1948- ""Dude there's literally a black girl and a white guy holding hands in broad daylight, why you always lying?"""
"Wow, this is a great post and easy to understand everything! So this just happened in an RBG. Never again. (permission from players was given)"
This isn't creepy at all. Glanced over at his phone as his camera roll was open and saw pictures of me naked I didn't know he took
"The vagina bone is connected to the butt bone, the butt bone is connected to the tail bone. Sexist AF"
"Remember, kids, only America makes and manufactures cars! Only problem with that is pretty much every car manufacturer is invested in electric vehicles such as Ford, GM, Toyota, Nissan. BMW etc."
"Remember, most cops are good, there are just a few bad apples out there. Off-duty cop shoots, kills a family's Siberian husky at a residential dog park. No charges, of course. Police officials won't even release his name."
That's not terrifying at all... Trump has actually spoken very kindly of Putin. He seems to look to Putin as a role model.
Great deductive reasoning. A couple fuckups = incompetence A large significant amount of fuckups = fraud
"yea, who needs education spending anyway? Less tax revenue may help spur spending cuts and reduce waste."
"Yeah, it makes no sense to lock endgame content from GW1 behind endgame content in GW2 I truly hope all these nostalgia additions aren't leading to UW or FoW being added as new raids. Locking that kind of lore content behind a raid wall is unconscionable."
What don't you know dark souls 2 is bad and everything it did was bad? Really Miss Bonfire Ascetics Dark Souls 2 is still the most player friendly game in the series.
"No, he just made the post out of sarcasm and his secret love for apple Oh, do you now."
"Nah, he just has to be brown. Depends if he's wearing a trench coat and a camouflaged rucksack or not."
"I mean, your first meal after you wake is breakfast, even if it's at lunch Skip breakfast, then. Been doing it for years and it seems to do me well."
"I think it's really strong serious sexual frustration, which turns women on so much, right guys? Honestly I think I would be curious to read an AMA or askreddit about guys that send those kind of things to womans... Never in a million years I would send a random girl a pic of my junk !!"
Should have been infield fly IMO Aledmys Diaz makes incredible over-the-shoulder catch
I see that Ukraine is becoming more democratic day by day. Ukraine blacklists Russian artists for rebel support
Awesome I can't wait! I remember those days. And then I got to the ruby league. Where your opponent sits in the corner and let's the computer try to beat you.
That's Samoan racist Roman Reigns w/ Samoa Joe's theme is perfect.
No I should wait till I am sure she has lowered her expectations enough to settle for me. What do you have to lose?
"Lawyer up, hit the gym, move on. Consigli per superare la fine di una relazione?"
"that makes sense Yes Fminus' month old account, tell us more about your sadness"
"Blacks can't be racist since they aren't in positions of institutional authority. It's only a law for white people. They'll be the only ones to be charged with it. Trust me, I'm a white South African, I know first hand how bigoted and racist black south Africans can be."
"Yeah, that isn't stupid at all... I actually got dropped from an online course for not logging on for a week. A week when there was no assignment due. Apparently not logging on is the same as not going in to class every day for a week."
"Guys blacks can't be racist because they aren't in positions of power Black School Superintendent Discriminated Against White-Owned Company, Federal Jury Finds"
"Should've put on your carry pants. Enemy team had 9 tier Vs and 6 IVs. Our team had 4 tier Vs, 3 tier IVs, and 8 tier IIIs. Not MMs greatest performance..."
"i'm pretty sure shrinking text and mentioning purify at the end is interchangeable with Sorry, I thought everything involving Purify would automatically be considered a joke. Didn't mean for that part to be taken seriously."
This was so informative. Xblaze Code Embryo News Update and Gameplay Trailer
"I don't know, they're pretty good at admitting when they've made a mistake My question is going to become: What will the GOP do now? Is it possible that they'll discount this as ""not their fault,"" and continue down the same exact path they're on? Or will they wake the fuck up and realize that they have a problem?"
"...till next year! And it has free multiplayer which is good, thats the nexus spirit"
"okay, i have 10 gtx 980's connected to my ps4. Umm.... *whispers in ear* this isnt tumblr, so don't look like a little baby."
"that's a usual accurance I bet she won't feel awkward when she, loses her balance and you help her regain it instead of, say, falling back and breaking her neck."
"Bah, it can't have been millions of years, because humanity has only been around for about 6000 years! How could a loving god have kept chocolate hidden from humanity for so many millions of years?"
At least he wasn't lying about that Double your taxes.... 0% to 0% Donald?
"So i guess that makes him real? ~~Nah, you just misunderstood. Springtrap's a choking hazard in the sense that he keeps strangling kids.~~"
"Wow what a great headline, it named 3 people I don't relate to on any level. Obama's top donors ask him to say no to Keystone XL: Letter from 150 donors, including Taco Bell heir and Gwyneth Paltrow's mom, asks president to reject pipeline."
Except for the Haredim With the crucial difference that no one would care if the dresscode was not to wear a hat.
what happens when you get in the center field? Three player chess
You're learning that just today? TIL Mike Trout is a God
Unlike Floyd's opponents For a joke that's been beat to shit for years?
Clearly if someone else was there to fire their gun into an extremely crowded location fewer people would have been hurt Do people actually think that carrying guns at clubs is a good idea?
What a misogynistic asshole! JOSS WHEDON DIRECTING VACATION. It's all coming together...
"Yes, all black men sound like that. White girl accused of racism, black men confused."
One thing we can be sure of is that the military is very good at keeping track of all of their weapons. The military doesn't even allow you to own a firearm in your home while stationed on an installation. You have to keep it locked up on the bases' armory.
But why can't it destroy the gate and then the lock? The one time it actually makes sense why your crowbar WON'T open something
"Color me shocked. That was the promise in MA with the turnpike, and you can already guess the tolls are still here."
"Says the swans fan whose team was beaten by the Tigers... Of course they are sweety, you're time hasn't passed yet. *whispers* it has"
"Sometimes we must sacriface our freedom to stay free Seems like we keep paying more, and keep losing freedoms..."
"Nah, spider women are all rage in African strip clubs Err seriously, is this fake? Please tell me it is."
"No, original CS 1.6. Source?"
Should I insta lock leesin...or Ziggs Tuesday the 14th
I assume Trump supports it. Sanders Announces Bill to Close Tax Loopholes Used by Trump
you forgot the Oh my god if the great wall of Texas has gold trim I will be so happy when I take my pilgrimage there to see it completed ahead of schedule and under budget.
"Si eu astept platforma lor urgent, altfel votez cu PSD/ALDE/PNL USB stiu ce e. Ce-i aia USR si unde vad platforma lor?"
"Man, I though the Fiat takeover really would have upped their quality Good god Chrysler, you can't even make stickers that hold up anymore."
If that's what you like to use for lube... spit in my asshole
"You have been visited by Yusei Christ Reply ""Praise the second coming of Yusei Christ"" for blessed synchros followed by sharing this text SYNCHRO SHOUKAN!!"
"Yeah, it's the government's fault that a corporation bought the water rights and jacked up its price. Welcome to the government fucking the people and blaming it on corporations but hell you don't care about facts do you? From u/Xcsler from the source which you didn't read... The dam had been opposed by the World Bank as being unnecessarily expensive compared to a cheaper alternative, but local politicians favoured the Misicuni project. An alternative, the Corani project, would have supplied water to Cochambamba from an existing dam. The high expected cost of the Misicuni project led to the 38% tariff increase imposed at the beginning of the concession. Had the advice of the World Bank been followed, the construction of the dam would not have been part of the concession, the tariff increase would have been unnecessary and Aguas del Tunari would have had to face competition in its drive to win the Cochabamba concession.[6] Such competition would have made it much more difficult to obtain some of the abusive conditions that were ultimately included in the concession."
"It's true, Jesus doesn't really believe in God THIS JUST IN: Everyone who reads the Bible, but does not immediately commit murder, doesn't really believe in God. Fact."
"Grats KKK Grandmaster ! I voted Obama twice, but now I'm racist for voting Trump :("
"Seems consistent with how the cutlass is supposed to behave these days. Well yeah, but they hightail it away from you quickly and then explode on their own... so yay? The M50, 300 and hornet pirates at least try to fight you, 25% of the time, they're stuck in space the other 75%."
Double damage and time yourself to crit the rocket before it hits you Anything other than regen/haste would have been his death. Neat.
"Or mail Toby a 10 dollar bill and pirate it instead of paying online later So I am looking into play Undertale But at the moment I haven't any means of paying online. I played the demo and really enjoyed it so I want to support the creator! BUT I don't want to pirate the game seeing as that does nothing for the creator. I don't know what to do. And I doubt I will be able to pay for anything online anytime soon. It seems that I am at an impasse, any suggestions?"
but dude nunu is so mechanically intensive c: Id say the only skill involved in playing nunu is knowing how to properly counter jungle
"But I thought that men loved *currrrvy* women back then! Model, 1950's"
Yeah because we all know IDF doesn't bomb and kill women and children in the thousands every couple years. You are using your brain. This is most def a propaganda pic.
"Great post, very informative Best WordPress Redirect Plugins"
Can we call Oklahoma first? The PAC-12 is by far the most likely school to go to Pods if they expand to 16 teams. It would just make so much sense from a geographic standpoint. I almost hope the PAC-12 expands to 16 first just to show everyone else how it is done.
I say that all the time. Does anyone even say this?
Yeah....maybe I'll have to resort to the old Apparently people don't know what a joke is.
"Because it's outside the realm of possibility that he ever did any meaningful coursework at Columbia or Harvard...don't you know, he's *black*? I (not a Republican) don't care if President Obama allows people to see his long form HI birth certificate! I want to see his transcripts from Columbia and Harvard, along with any dissertation or thesis he may have written. I would also like to see the same for Romney."
"I DESERVE A PRIZE Heh, yeah XD"
"I don't know man, I wouldn't mind bringing back monarchy if it makes Ivanka an actual Princess. No royalty. That's for the Old World."
We all know Navy Seals are bitches You know he himself is a former Navy Seal right? I wouldn't call him cowardly or a wannabe tough guy. Maybe the other stuff will stick but give him the credit of taking up a gun himself and sitting on that wall.
"Yeah, Riot is clearly lacking money. Well they've never worked for free, so..."
"fuck, maybe i should take apart some clocks Yep I believe one of them is office and a surface pro 3 with the type cover, 3d printer and other stuff I could be wrong though."
"Well, abstinence is the best contraceptive No, I just don't use it. Right kids?"
u get kills as urgot? happens when i play urgot and get kills it odd
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard! 99% of united states dont know they are giving their tax to the worlds biggest terrorist organization.
Yea TFC and FF are so annoying to play with the grenades Because Valve discovered that every class having a special grenade meant lots of grenade spam that made the game annoying to play.
"Over text, and then never contact them again. What's the nicest way to break up with someone?"
"the only way norton works is by deleting everything you download to *ensure* you download 0 viruses i mean i guess that works I would honestly switch to a different anti-virus. Not just because of this, but also because Norton isn't very good."
"Wow our FO is so active this offseason Rockies dfa Nicasio, add Tyler Anderson to 40 man roster"
you forgot this: Whiteface is racist. That owl is going to trigger people left and right.
"Awww poor Americans, I feel so bad for you. People just love to hate Americans....."
"I have to thank James for leaving, otherwise, I'd never have gotten deep throat lessons from Liquid. Obviously just because they lost GBJames."
"What a shame we've evolved to such stellar horror films such as ""The Grudge"" Yeah, this was scary in 1846 when it was written."
"Titanic The film industry announces that a movie made in the past 30 years is actually based on true events, what movie do you wish it is?"
Shouldn't Chicago be a safe place seeing as they have some of the strictest gun control in the country? Kid Who Starred in Chicago Anti-Violence Commercial Critically Wounded in Shooting
"thank god for the minimum wage! For a lot of lower-income teens and young-adults, the military is one of the few guaranteed sources of real income available to them."
'for some reason'... can't imagine why For some reason the whole casts acting seemed sub par and a majority of the casts acting seemed fake in this episode... The episode had a very awkward tone to it....
"If the woman doesn't want to get pregnant the female body has ways of shutting down. ""Condoms."" - Roman Catholics."
"Yeah, use that beauty to get that man, then pin him down by having a mess o' babies! Hypothetical husband, I meant, as in what would he do with the alleged beauty. I'm not married. And your explanation makes sense!"
"I'm shocked, *shocked* that Obama would make that accusation... Obama blames Boehner for ongoing government shutdown"
"You don't have a problem with the Sentry that can be put on the roof on last Typical Engy mains the back spawns, wherein you spawn basically on opposite sides of the spawn room. I found that to be an issue, cause if you spawn on the left you just have a slower rollout. Other than that, that's my only real gripe with the map."
I guess he forgot to put an wait what lol
HAHAHAHAHA I think the waitress misheard me when I asked for a pitcher. This is clearly a mug.
"I AM ALWAYS TOTALLY SERIOUS. Wait, seriously? I can't tell if you're joking or not."
"Analogy game strong bro if i baked a burnt cake and served it to 5 people, and 4 people said it was burnt, would you criticize the 5th person who said it was burnt?"
"Yeah, EU would never give out a ship like Kitakami to rank 1 players after the end of a season... WG giving ships for free? Maybe on the EU server to boot? HAHAHAHAHA. No."
"You're getting downvoted because obviously subhumans need to know their place! This is oddly one of the few comments I didn't expect to get downvoted. It's hilarious though, I wonder what set these people off."
"Nah man, the cat is broken and it's too late for him. Right? It's not like he can lose the remaining three legs!! Those are impossible to break! Come on, dude."
"Yep our season is ruined Obvious 2nd yellow, poor decision and now we have a back four including 1 defender and no centerback"
"with discounts like that, I **have** to get them! What a deal! (Over $1000 off the entire collection.)"
You should fuck of Off*
Lockdown Jeff Green duh Lol who is stopping lebron?
"Well, that's better than vegans eating imitation weird fake meat made out of tofu mats, right? PETA kills dogs in order to make tofu and hummus"
glad you reminded us about the dangers of stereotypes Just remember not all motorcyclists are the same. We're not all assholes
"tl;dr mormons are literally hitler Mormons, Nazis &amp; purple triangle ..."
"M8, it was an obvious I cringe when someone calls Tendu a God. He himself finds it so embarrassing. No need to idolize someone so much."
He's gotten a TD every time If he was struggling in the red zone like Hoyer has been for the past month I'd want him benched.
"Which is why nobody gives a shit about Isaac Asimov these days. That's the problem with future themes, we either end up living it and its now themed or our visions change and it just seems silly and outdated. A history theme is better as it will never change, it's one certain thing forever."
oh haha punny HELP! I can't get rid of this BUG!
"Yep, clean and fresh. Vinegar smells clean and fresh? WTF, it smells like old socks that were jogged in for three days and left under a damp towel for 3 weeks."
"Forgot to add Oh, she owes it and will pay for it one way or the other, I think."
He meant Thanks.
"Gee lets make it more expensive to hire employees that will help the economy! Birmingham, AL voted to increase minimum wage to $10.10 starting as soon as possible"
"Completely balanced, add to that old sun ring and sometimes you dont even need to swing your sword. Has no one here mentioned Ring of Bullsh- uh, I mean Thorns yet?"
"gib link kappa This G2a thing goes beyond Hearthstone. I'm a game developer with a game on steam and please just torrent my game instead of supporting shady resellers, I'll even give you the download link. I understand people aren't always able or willing to pay full price for a game, but seeing people play my game is the most important thing to me. Just torrent it instead of putting money in the wrong hands."
Except the jews they all know money magic Black magic does not discriminate; it is prepared to corrupt magicians of every ethnicity.
"Haha, I get that reference! ""I think we have a critic."""
"Love the transparency and accountability of this government. Tories Ignore Supreme Court, Plow Ahead With 'Digital Privacy Act'"
"Ok since you brought the topic up i wanted to suggest some buffs for kindred: Q :stuns for 2 sec (which is how much q needs to come back up with w on) W: gives passive attack speed (lets say 50%) and blinds every auto E: now stuns and after the proc it heals you for 500 hp at max level and has an ad scaling nuke with 500 base dmg (added to the % dmg) R: now only makes your team members unable to die and heals team members inside it to full health Katarina needs some love Can her Q have a silence, similar to old Leblanc's Q and can her ultimate stun 3 people if she channels it for more than 0.5 seconds?"
The same reason the United States should go back to the 1776 borders. Why should they go back to 1967 borders?
"Totally on topic. Actually, what's currently missing from the game is FUCKING ZOMBIES. For real, it's a zombie survival game and I see nothing about zombies in the change log."
"You can't get protein eating a vegan diet, bro Mmmm protein smoothie"
Nice Milbee drawing! Decided to draw the YouTuber who introduced me to the game and continues to entertain every day
Jokes on you I already got the herpes.. If you like herpes then yes. C:
"You must be some Soros funded CTR shill Okay, let's talk about George Soros, you Trumpets: GET THE FUCK OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE! Remember when you talk about George, you always seem to mention about him ""selling out"" to the Nazis? Well 2 things: 1. He was born in August, 1930. The Third Reich fell in 1945. That means that if he really did sell out, he would have to be between the ages of 3 to 15. 2. even if he did, YOU NEVER GAVE A SHIT ABOUT THOSE JEWS HE SUPPOSEDLY SOLD OUT ANYWAY! In fact the only reason you hate him is BECAUSE of the very fact he is one. You just want to perpetuate your racist thought that Jews are untrustworthy and greedy. So don't even think for a moment that you care about his activities in WWII. In fact, if he even did, you might praise him for firstly, being an ""entrepreneur"" who can find a way to make profit, or secondly, getting rid of ""da joos"". Your shit don't work on us."
"But the Turks say that didn't happen! Not a secret or anything, but my great grandmother survived the Armenian genocide at some point by playing dead and hiding under dead bodies."
But freedom of speech! How is that wrong.... Imgur has their own rules. You dont follow them and you arent allowed on their site....
"Wait till you see our botanic gardens, it is loads of fun! could Singapore be any more boring?"
"And I suppose you're the kind of guy that would just bend to everything the ANC says? So they present demands yet refuse to listen to the reply. Is there anything these ""protestors"" can do right?"
"Pshh, i do that everynight Lumia 822 here, sturdiest phone I've ever had, with a touch screen to boot. A good party trick is smashing it against a table, hold it up without a crack in the screen, and ask your iPhone friends if they want to do the same thing."
Good thing Trump is not running for the Libertarian Party. Ron Paul calls Donald Trump a 'dangerous' authoritarian: 'The opposite of a Libertarian' - Washington Times
"I don't know if I should be impressed at how well chelsea manage with this many players coming back on a yearly basis and having to sort out loaning, selling or keeping for next season... or if I should just be pissed off because it's Chelsea and all these players will make them money at some point Chelsea - the ultimate loan arrangers"
Well Sasuke clearly needs some kind of advantage in order to keep up with everyone else It's already the most broken ability in the series. Why not make it better?
Because they've been oppressed by British tyranny Don't have a clue why you're being downvoted
"Fleck to Michigan when Harbaugh leaves to coach the Browns confirmed! Presumably better ones than Purdue, which was my point."
"Is that something you eat? Pretty sure you'd get nothing but a blank stare from most people in the U.S. if you used the word ""epinephrine."""
Thank god Texas's problems are all solved once every two years. Some state legislatures meet less often than that. Texas' legislature meets biannually.
There's already a heresy appreciation thread. Accidents/Essence distinction appreciation thread Appreciating that sweet theology that explains how we can know an unknowable God.
"Sucks when you have to provide healthcare for everyone, eh? Canada"
"Except when Muslims do it, then it must be Islam. McVeigh, Klebold/Harris, list goes on all the way back to the dude with a fucking brain tumor in like the 40s or whenever. All the people popping caps in presidents ass and brains ain't a religious cult either. It's never religious. Lol damn reddit get your fucking shit together."
"Well *fatshaming* is clearly *your* fetish, pervert! I switched off the second he started painting my preferences as insecurity. I do have insecurities, many of them, and I am at peace with them - however they do not drive my preferences for what I find sexually attractive. This is just ""man up and do what we want you to do because that's what a REAL MAN would do"" all over again but with softer language. Threatening men with sexual insecurity is an old horse that really needs to be sent for glue."
"so, better than the 6.0 then? Yeah its the 6.7, in my opinion it's a far better engine than the 7.3 ever was"
"well.. no flag means white flag, right? Sorry, I can't understand this without a flag next to it."
"Sorry your PC is too low spec for Attila, but ""CA made it to scale for tomorrow's hardware"". Titan X Intel 5820k overclocked to 4.4ghz 32 gb ddr4 ram Using a g-sync 1440p monitor at 144hz Frame rates vary from low 100s to low teens. It's a little infuriating."
"""It got stuck"" Here's the problem: Lets say you are driving badly with both feet and you make that mistake and press the gas. You don't just hold it down for 10 seconds!"
Yea you just zoom in and aim assist does all the work It's called: too much aim assist
oh look Project Fiora Cybepunk concept skin for Susano and Amaterasu
"Yeah you're so cool now that you bought a video game, brah. Am I cool yet? (Found in the wild, for $150 :/)"
"Because if you're pretty, you should be marrying a doctor instead of becoming one yourself. MRW the guy I was dating and his mother told me they decided I was too pretty to be a doctor and that I should just go to PA school instead of med school."
"It was never done the ""right"" way. Why do people think communism works?"
If only the ps4 had some sort of built in recording software ANd they said all you do as Hanzo is Press Triangle (Warning shit quality I have no screen cap software)
"Hey man, if you want to pound another guy in the butt then that's fine and all, but don't tell me I can't use the local police force to arrest you for it, that would be oppressing my rights. ""more state influence in regards to sexuality""??? _not_ preventing gay people from doing stuff is _more_ influence now? lol"
Needs Maybe juliano?
"Maybe each household will have personal helicopters by then... By 2045, humans will deposit their brains in machines, bring the dead back to life, and conquer the universe. Oh, and crack the meaning of life, of course. Singularity!"
"Tone it down over there you roudy old timer, you're probably invading someone's safe space. I'm bisexual because pansexual was not a thing 28 years ago when I came out. I don't give a shit if it makes people uncomfortable. Is it possible I'm actually pansexual and just a stubborn OLD bitch who refuses to adopt a new word? Entirely possible."
"Whoa man, nyquils some pretty hard stuff, I once like knew a guy and he took 3 whole nyquils and O.Ded, hard as fuck man. Nyquil when she has a cold. Hard as fuck."
Nobody saw this coming Iraqis Use 9/11 Bill to Demand Compensation from US for 2003 Invasion
"I disagree, now go cry There is something seriously wrong with the fact that you feel the need to apologize for a non-misunderstanding. People are so sensitive."
"It's the same guy who created the Blue Shell in Mario Kart and the Smash Ball in Smash Bros. Just played Super Mario 3D World multiplayer for the first time today and I have only one overall thought on it... ... The person who came up with the idea for that crown must be responsible for many, many broken friendships."
"Thanks for the idea, passing on to the TH promotion team :) ...and you thought Dreadnips were gone forever. Have faith in Jagex!"
This is why smash bros can never be competitive When nana gets far enough away from you she will no longer respond to your inputs and do whatever she wants. Most of the time she does something stupid. Sometimes she wins the game for you like in this gif.
"You see, what you are supposed to do is rush it and properly test it As we have said a million times we were waiting on the new maps to be ported. Now that AMD fixes are done Forge has already been started and will be finished soon. As you may have noticed this build has some crashes when you open the forge menu on some maps. This is thanks to shad0wshayd3 and dany pushing forge changes in a patch when we explicitly told them Forge was already handled. You people bitch and whine about me taking my time to properly test, well this is what happens when you rush it."
"It's okay, because nobody on r/politics reads the articles. and thus the media who reported this non story made $300000 from the ads."
"I'll believe it when it's on the official Napoli website Gonzalo Higuain, Rafael Benitez and De Laurentiis pose in front of a cake"
"Okay, Vuka, Ninko and Brosque out hehe Maybe we should play all our matches with only 10 men. Or 9 men tbh, fairer fight."
"but but but, that would effect how officers do their jobs, and that will make the streets more dangerous because the officers won't be willing to kill/maim without hesitation for any amount of resistance/questioning of their authority! That sounds like a really good idea. If I have to carry insurance to drive my car, why shouldn't the police carry insurance to use lethal force against innocent people?"
"Now that we have your DOB, what did you say your mom's maiden name is? That expired 10 days before I was born."
His teachers are going to fucking love him. This baby takes gangnam style serious
"They were *step*siblings, so it's totally justified Siblings who had sex with each other kill their parents and have sex with the dead bodies"
"But how else will you learn basic algorithms and meet other programmers? With 4 years experience, no one is going to give a shit if you have that paper or not."
I'm not sure if she understands that I think she's beautiful... I'll give this 14 or 15 more tries and then she'll thank me for sure! At least he tried I guess
"Didn't you know Tracer can solo a full 6-man team? Classic. Waits until the team is dead, then moves out to counter attack =V"
"Yes, but I doubt anybody would say that. Thank you More clearly defined as: ""I can't believe the US was even there, this war was such a terrible idea I hate it."" would follow the rules correct?"
Wouldn't want the CIA's history to be marred by something as awful as infidelity. Well this is unexpected. I think he probably did the right thing stepping down like this. Better this is associated with him personally than with the CIA.
"Because the public has access, it must be public property right? I love that they don't understand why they can't vandalize a place of business."
"No way being a President is like being a super king, you alone have the power to do whatever you want all the time It is sarcasm, simply because I believe it's not solely up to him to flip the switch. I'm not political expert here, but something tells me there are a few more cogs in this machine than just the President and his will."
"And what are you that you can generalize humans in the third person like that? Humans are assholes to their own species, they will never become a multyplantery species without serious overhaul of their mindsets."
I'm terrified. Scary hospital behavior
Wrong! Donald is every chauvinistic asshat who compulsively interrupts and talks over women when they're making a point.
"Sounds like we're in for a fun time. PD's are hoovering up vets just as fast as they can, by the time shtf they will be half vets most likely..."
"Verde Mantis* Huracans, get it right. Found two green Lamborghini Huracans yesterday, opened one!"
TIL people don't like Roman Reigns. Does anyone else just hate Roman Reigns?
Literally came here to say this I'm Turkish and this gave me a good chuckle.
"Oh yeah, Jeff Weaver is way smarter than Hillary's aides! I really think he believes the FBI will ruin Hillary lol. I'm convinced he had smart enough people around him telling him, ""she definitely broke some laws man, keep going."""
how fast have you taken it? Just picked up my first bike!
"You're right, lemme just take it down for ya. Threadworthy"
"But im special You know that's just as annoying as the ""as a parent"" thing, right?"
"Yeah, but because of the strict gun laws there, there's no gun crime or gun violence. TIL about a permit to carry only counting for a certain gun in some places. I have known CA was crazy for a while. Those were two separate sentences, not ""TIL CA is..."""
"Yeah, hold off because the next Xbox will be released next month Bad time to buy?"
But yadayada taxes! We're in the Netherlands.
"No, that one guy on twitter noticed and reported it through twitter but is still working on collecting evidence Don't forget he said the only reason he didn't win the election fair and square is because millions of illegal immigrants all voted for Hillary and no one noticed."
"How subtle his approach, how eloquent his speech! I can see why! It was just a negception! From implying you're oversensitive and then asking if you've even had any good dating experiences this guy was just asking to be accepted into Doucheland. (they would crown him king)"
"Well if you are an LdT fan and bought LT you would probably be disappointed as LT is a linebacker and not a very good RB LT. Is anyone else kind of disappointed in Tomlinson? I bought him being a big LT fan, and his stats weren't terrible, but after using him...I think I just flushed around 700k down the toilet....Anyone have any suggestions ...."
"But Hillary's just as bad and would have done the same things! He is also a person who opposes the Civil Rights Act. I hope all of those who voted (or abstained) because of their ""conscience"" feel good about themselves."
"She only broke it 4 times, that's no excuse. That and the fact she has a broken toe..."
Ya man fuck the truth! Flo thats not cool man :(
"Quick, take his wallet! When there's no opportunity, you *make* an opportunity!"
Any idea how she got that rich? Sonia Gandhi 12th richest leader in world: Huffington Post
Pro Tip: having a guitar *greatly* enhances your guitar lessons I started by watching a bunch of beginner vids on YouTube. I didn't even have a guitar back then but it helped a lot.
"But life is gaming If games aren't letting you focus on your life, let go of the games."
"that would just be *crazy*, to sue the box for what the crazy person did with it Don't be ridiculous, we aren't going to sue the box. We're going to sue the manufacturer and distributor of said box."
I bet that's totally secure. Microsoft Bringing Message Encryption To Office 365 In Early 2014
Jeez I wonder what brought out this TIL. TIL that the iconic Nokia 3310s battery capacity is 3 - 4 times less than an average smartphone today.
"Good thing Flying Lotus didn't do that. yeah after going to a lot of concerts I wish that the artists would shut up and just play more music a lot of the time, I hate when DJs get on the mic so much"
Hard to see the stars among the Austin city lights. I cry myself to sleep at night over UT not having a good graduate astronomy program I can attend.
"I mean, what fear have police given protesters in the past? Why would one want to conseal their identity when protesting something they don't agree with?"
"she's truly living the black experience Black man: ""There's not much we can do to stop the violence against us."" Hillary Clinton: ""Then I will talk only to white people about how we are going to deal with very real problems."""
"But it's just a theory! Black holes are ""proven"" as long as you believe gravity is ""proven"". We have enough objective scientific evidence to classify them as scientific fact. Like gravity. And evolution."
"Can't wait to do this at boot camp! you think pepper spray is bad, try getting exposed to highly concentrated CS gas while being in full chemical gear and being told to take your mask off, shit sucks bro"
"Yeah and that's not because of the lack of education at all Askenazi Jews who have the worlds highest IQ's have produced one Einstein. Sub Saharan Africans have the worlds lowest IQ's, it is unlikely they are going to produce a few more."
"Estimated time : 1:30 Actual time : 12:00 I don't see what's wrong, pretty accurate IMO Queue timers seem totally random I think we should delete the estimated wait time, you are always longer in queue except if you queue for supp."
It's a trilby you fucking heathen! Yeah. Its the fedora.
Man has a right to defend his stolen jerb The best part of that line is that the terrorists that stole the oil jobs are the same ones we just sold military equipment.
Yeah because body shaming at a young age *never* backfires... Best lesson in modesty. Ever. (Found on my Facebook)
Just call it Atlanta Fire It fits extremely well considering its in our city crest and the meaning deals with the city rising again from being burned to the ground. I would prefer the team name to be Resurgens Atlanta but it won't happen.
But we should really cut NASA's budget because science is useless NASA's Radar Found 4 Men Trapped in Rubble in Nepal By Their Heartbeats
"I work in Sales, what is this? WTF"
yeah such a humble cool guy Lenin was Lenin : Don't worship me *Lenin dies* Stalin: LETS BUILD A LOT OF STATUE OF LENIN XAXAXAXAXA
"Only 5 months behind this time, I think they might be getting better Looks like its finally our turn... Galaxy S4 users on TMobile are receiving KitKat!"
You have any art of good ships? January Rin x Shirou Fanart
"heh, you are wrong, must be a liberal. I would if I had the money. I spent it already because of previous ads. Also: IS JOKE I guess I should make it more obvious next time so you Libertards don't strain your minds thinking about it."
"even so, the only thing some people see is that he chopped off some nice trees just to show off :( This guy is my hero. Whether you are a global warming denier or not, you cannot deny the benefits of alternative methods."
"No, that's too crazy. I have a better idea. Bungie could actually let us talk to each other in the Tower."
Vanilla Minecraft What video game has the most underrated storyline?
"Wow look at this asshole over here. For the record, no colts fan has trash talk. They just thank any and everyone for just being there. You can't fight them, you can't anger them. They're happy, and they're dangerous. New England has no idea what they did to Indy after that first match... you broke them, and the rebuild of is something more powerful than you can even imagine. They're going to beat you. With Kindness."
"Uhhh, source on who cares or not? Oh my god who cares, every single debate on this website and you have to explain this to people. It is possible to make a point about a group of people without having to tacitly say ""Obviously, I don't mean every single one."" Unless he said ""Every fucking DA that has ever walked the Earth"" there's really no reason to assume that's what he said."
"Oh yeah, and SpaceX fans are entirely unbiased sources of objective criticism. I dunno, maybe the video just sucked :O"
22LR How hard is the skin of a trex? What kind of bullet would be ideal for bringing a dinosaur down? Realistically speaking.
Yeah Germany has been doing terribly too. It doesn't really make you a hero either. Code Geass style solutions do not work in reality. Killing all the bad guys in power doesn't make everything suddenly perfect. Unstable regions with power vacuums just attract the next tyrant. The meddling world powers have done in the middle east clearly show that.
Obviously all a person really wants is a suicidal man baby. He threatened to kill himself. Needless to say I didn't fall for it.
"Who cares about coherence when you can just beat up anyone who disagrees with you? They also consider themselves ""race realists"" when you point out their blatant racism. They simply give no fucks about coherence."
Ins't this the reason you guys are building a wall? damn foreigners comin in stealin our jobs!
Hey now y'all can't group people together and discriminate against them Don't care. Fuck the south.
Called the POLICE Because the government totally makes robots designed to kill black people.
"Dolores Clairborne solos Ok since we ruled that the Stephen King universe stomps RL Stine's, lets try this. The Kingverse vs the Lovecraft universe. The monsters/entities contained within each writer's work escape. What baddie/baddies comes out on top? Sidenote: For the terms of this fight, only works by Lovecraft himself can be used. None of the expanded mythos."
"Ahhh, the dream job. Customerless Service"
"Sorry, I forgot the Doesnt fix ANYTHING mechanical"
next time add That's the point.
"But I'm progressive, I don't see race! That race doesn't play a huge part in online dating. Not gonna get all troll-y because the guys who post about race in this sub go way OTT but it really does play a big role tbh"
Yeah Khabib should be 22-1 after he got punked by the Diazs at WSOF So... We're gonna need an edit for this.
"downvote for saying you were doing other things when your character clearly didn't move during the whole conversation... How to talk to girls on the phone and do other things with 3 simple, repeatable steps."
"Of course, because nuclear virtually undetectable nuclear submarines with nuclear weapons owned by 5 other developed nations are just figments of our imagination Thus...we can never be beaten on the ocean, and thus we never get invaded."
"Yes, that's why we've attacked Syria twice... He also might have hijacked ""the plan"". It wasnt *just* republicans obstructing him."
Try using This game is going to be a...
"All alien races automatically speak english, because they never angered god with their tower of babble. Wait, I just realized that this means she learned how to read English too! I guess it wouldn't be too hard since she already speaks it."
I'm not racist i watch interracial porn! 5 Ways Porn Is Bizarrely Racist Behind The Scenes (Obviously NSFW)
oh noes you mod AskReddit ur [literally] the cabal that ruins reddit! [](/yesgaga)
We gotta lick the boot so we don't get stomped by it. How could there be a mistrial on such blatant case of felony assault? The entire thing is on camera. Americans are such bootlickers.
"Guess we should all log off and wait for this to be fixed, also should report all the people playing currently for exploiting this. I don't know why people are doing things like this in a broken patch. The new systems rock but the game is in a messed up state of flux."
"Wow, I've never seen this before Mills. Mills everywhere"
Yea but that's PRE-tax The cost of regalia is too damn high!
OMG YES Sooooo anivia?
"Yay, double posting. Effective aiming range is 800m. For example, the M4 carbine fires a 5.56 round with a maximum effect range of 600m to an area target and 500m to a point target. Those are the ranges where you can effectively hit someone with consistency. The maximum range of the bullet itself though is 3600m. It won't it where you aim but it can travel 3600m. Source: USAF Military Police for over eight years. As for the other part of your response... Do you even think before typing? The criminals took hostages. Therefore the cops need to follow. Can you imagine if you were kidnapped, saw the cops chasing you, then they just disappeared? No, the cops HAD to follow. The criminals were shooting at the cops simply because they were following. Then again, you failed to think at the beginning of your response. Just because they weren't aiming at houses =/= they weren't hitting them. They maybe hit police cars with 15% of their shots. Let's assume all those stopped (though realistically, most would go through glass and out glass). That means 85% of the bullets missed. There no magic net stopping these bullets now. These bullets will go in a straight line from where they were shot from to their resting point. If the criminals were driving down any streets with houses, guess what? The houses got holes. If they drove down any streets near parks, guess what? The parks had bullets flying. If they drove past any hospitals, church's, fast food joints, basically anywhere, guess what? Those places got bullets. Don't criticize police for doing a hard job. You can bet that non of them are happy with the outcome of today. But, at the end of the day, they did what they HAD to do to stop any further casualties from these pieces of shit. So if you must blame anyone, blame the three motherfuckers who decided to rob a bank and take hostages. Especially blame the one motherfucker who lived."
"Totally When demand goes up, you lower the price; that's just economics 101, right?"
"Yeah dude Miyazaki totally sold out I'm a little bit worried. Miyazaki left his most successful series ever in someone else's hands while he went and was paid by Sony to justify the existence of the PS4 with Bloodborne. This leads me to question whether he's in this to make great games for the community, or just in it for the money. It also makes me worry about DS3 being a console exclusive."
An interesting topic of national interest featured prominently by our quality newspaper Supermarket trolleys left for months in condo carpark
"Rick Ross may be the fakest artist in rap, but at least he doesn't show emotion Rick ross - Color Money Lyrics (Drake Diss Song)"
And here I was thinking I'd need to twist your arm. .... So this means we'll need an Xbox 1 in addition to the PS4. I'm okay with this.
"QTE to hack? Maybe I'm wrong, but they pretty much delivered all gameplay elements that they promoted. The graphics were downgraded and some other stuff was missing, too, but the gameplay was all there. The problem was that hype took hold and people expected more than they saw. But honestly, how much more could there be to ""hold button to hack""?"
"Well, with the nerf, they decided to not add taunts for the heavy, nobody will play him anyway so who cares? Why didn't Heavy get a new taunt for himself? Every other class got at least one new taunt to themselves, 2 for Scout and Demoman. Heavy only shares the all-class ones."
Oh i didn't realize that was an MMO with 1000s of players per server and a deep crafting system that would satisfy SWG veterans. Yea its called seven days to die.
"I read it on the internet, it has to be true! Can confirm. Source: above statement."
"That's just because the French are lazy and just want to smoke cigarettes all day. I heard their top universities are very tough, too. My old French teacher was awesome, intelligent, funny, and he said he had to drop out :/"
"Hey, if you ask me Israel's doing them a favor by giving them an opportunity to leave New Israel with their lives intact Israel 'turning blind eye' to West Bank settlers' attacks on Palestinians"
"Hey while the cost of living may increase for everyone, please be happy for the battling miners &amp; big polluters. Government posed to reintroduce indexation of fuel excise"
"It's obviously his white male privilege holding him back Whenever there is a ""I can't get a job no matter how much I try"" story, I assume that the people come across like complete assholes in interviews and cvs"
But I thought that never happened to attractive women! What if I told you that he's not the one being friendzoned?
"inb4 it starts using Pepe the Frog as mascot soon Appears to be insular, it supports keys, but not foreign keys."
"ofc BB is a mutant no other human on earth can live with a shrapnel that big embedded in his brain so his brain must be somewhere else Because it is simply not a literal scene, but something out of a image resource to explore Elis psyche and the theme of cloning, but not exactly something that is happening necessarily. Or do you think that the Big Boss that constantly changes in a flicker of a light in the beginning of the trailer is a literal scene we are seeing some new mutant powers he acquired?"
Write the code for it and send it to Valve and I'm sure that if it's full-proof they'll implement it Spinning in spawn in comp should ban you. If you +forward +left in spawn for more than 10seconds should just instantly 7 day ban you. Why you can do it in the first place idk
Obviously the result of Noah's world-wide flood in Genesis. Grand Canyon river horseshoe
If they're still alive then the healthcare is too good for them. Government defends healthcare on Manus as sick refugees 'too scared to leave'
"I'm pretty sure that was Theres a big difference between people with normal functioning brain and senses, .... and people who fully gone retarded, blinded and deaf... San ka kaya sa dalwa?"
"While we're at it let's mute all ironmen so that they can't talk, which is clearly player interaction and against the rules. This should be bannable for Ironmen. Or atleast take away their Ironman highscores."
"I prefer faggots. Do you guys prefer using LGBT or LGBTQ+ when referring to our community and why? I don't really like using LGBTQ+ because it feels way to long. Also queer and questioning just don't feel like they fit with the rest. It'd be like adding curious or crossdressing to the list, they just feel like weird unnecessary outsiders. I probably wouldn't care if LGBTQ+ was just something that the extreme left(Tumblr) used but hearing Trump the soon to be president use it in a speech, felt pretty weird. But then again I don't know anything about anything, so if you disagree with me could you explain why you prefer to use Q+ over the regular one."
"Yeah, a woman who is interested in a man's body is obviously perverted, and thus must be shamed to the ends of the Earth. Curiosity is shameful in Texas?"
"Nah all yall white people are scared bitches I walked through the hood, fuck u mean"
You guys are all excited for Chauncey or Sheed but you're missing the main one of the '04 team... DARKO 03-04 PISTONS CONFIRMED FOR 2K16
"Why, did something happen last year in Vancouver? Agreed. It has been too long now since we had that. The last one was the Penguins in '09, right? Because i'm pretty sure the Blackhawks won on the road and we all know that the Bruins won on the road last year."
"shhh he's not trapo, he's unorthodox. At the very least we can claim he is very two-faced in his actions. Saying he will be strict on China and stand up for the national interests of the Philippines, then showing the opposite in his actions once in office. Makes him seem fake, insincere... makes him seem *shudder*... trapo! ;)"
"as long as its a govt that does the killing, its fine by me! This man isn't being discriminated against. It isn't a human right to traffic illegal narcotics. It its within the rights of a nation to draft its own legislation regarding drugs. You could try from the angle of right-to-life, but that's awfully hard if your nation still has the death penalty. The man willingly chose to do something illegal in a country he knew punished it with death. He's an idiot who fucked himself. I don't think he deserves to die, but I don't think anyone is obligated to help him out of a whole he dug himself."
"Yeah because they can't earn nothing in life unless with drugs, there is no more pleasure seeing campaigns from teams like them, we want the same team to win every league Please be Leicester, please be Leicester."
bottom of the league #lvgout Manchester United F.C. vs. Swansea City F.C.
"They want to add more buses while also reducing the death tolls on the road...makes perfect sense And that is exactly why I cannot understand why the French government is currently pushing hard to developp the bus market as a good alternative to the train that many cannot afford these days. I'm sure a lot of countries have problems with trains but they're pretty great in France, accidents are few and far between and often (the last one was pretty scary though) and there would be even fewer of them if people actually stop trying to get across roads when a train is coming and if the SNCF properly maintained its railway. Buses ? Not so much, too many drivers on the road, too many vehicles without proper maintenance, too many variables, a longer route and freak accidents that are just terrible to think about ... I remember Polish pilgrims falling down a ravine ~10 years ago, it, that's a shitty way to go."
"yes pretty standard, I do this every other round Was pretty standard, maik was exposed and looking the wrong way, gave shox all the time in the world to kill him. Plus it was an eco."
"Right, not like anyone on this site hates cops. Oh god. Fox News will pick this up. Boston Bomber 2.0. Oh here it comes, we as a community are now going to be painted as cop haters and killers. :("
So we should make abortion compulsory? Abortion is underutilized.
"Yeah, because our kids are aspiring dish washers. They broke the law to get here... They are not ""immigrants"" they are ILLEGAL immigrants. Billions of people want to come to America, what makes Mexicans special? They are right next door and aren't afraid to break the law? I'm glad millions of hard working Mexicans are getting jobs intended for our kids."
"Nope, you guys are clearly just down voting him because of the circle jerk. We're nerds for downvoting you for saying rude things about a favored and accomplished voice actress? Why the fuck are you even on this subreddit?"
"Why must she be 18 inches? I have to rethink my ""she has tattoos and piercings, she must be 18"" rule of thumb."
I think u mean spaghetti. Linguine Carbonara
"BUT THERE ARE MORE MEN SO IT'S NOT FAAAAIR How brutal is it that there are women in Congress, women on the Supreme Court, about to be a woman as POTUS, a woman as Attorney General, women generals in the military , and women chief executives, but there are people out there that refuse to acknowledge that women have power. Especially considering how hard they worked and fought to break those glass ceilings."
"Yeah, because this will be the **ONLY** way to play with your friends. 226 million credits just to be able to play with your friends? Bitch, please. This is the dumbest, worst idea I've ever seen since I clicked ""buy"" on the legendary founder package. Playing with friends is not a bells and whistles feature, it's a nuts and bolts expectation. PGI once again proves that they have no clue whatsoever."
"Your mom is supposed to say that, you're still a small brah Guys I think the heavy OHP and lateral raises are finally starting to pay off!! Mom: Do you want me to get these shirts in medium? Me: Nah, I always get smalls, medium is too long. Why? Mom: Your shoulders are really broad now you look like you are going to pop your sleeves off. Me: Aww thanks mom I love you too!"
But but googles 16years old. Google it.
"They just need more time together! Why do you think NiP hasn't been dominant recently? I don't think we've seen too much from NiP ever since their final at Katowice. Just wanted to hear other's opinions, what do you guys think? Obviously the rise of other great teams has made it tough for the Ninjas to dominate like they used to. Cologne was an opportunity for them to prove their worth, and they did pretty well but lost to Virtus.Pro in the quarterfinals. Does anyone think they need to make changes?"
"Didn't trust them not to sabotage Brawn says he quit Mercedes because he didn't trust Wolff, Lauda"
Please tell me you forgot the See westerner. Islam is progressive and merciful in god's wishes. This is good. Not monster act of the religion you attack.
Assistant coach for Chelsea? Bus drivers's assistant.
Love need no explanation Can someone tell me what the fuck does this ad even mean?
"LOL DOTA2 IS LITERALLY A COUNTERSTRIKE RIP OFF! Lolz, isn't that the limit for Counter Strike? Coincidence?"
"If you didn't buy it, or make it there are no calories in it. What are you talking about shitlord? Those don't count as meals! They're light snacks to keep her sugars up!"
"Im looking to buy 420 of that bent wood Selling Anglewood, Grimewood, Ebony, Premium Tokens, Copper. Anglewood:220pp Grimewood:220pp Ebony:155pp Premium Tokens:200pp Copper(334):60pp"
"*it clearly says rifle right in the definition there so all rifles are assault rifles* You could highlight, bold, and underline the definition and they still wouldn't understand."
"No, it was revealed 3 weeks ago at the CMT awards Correction CE3 2016, not ""CMT 2016"""
"Ah, a truly informed opinion on feminism If only I could wash off this pesky, problematic penis! Damn you, patriarchy!"
"inb4 Red Battlefield DLC Mappacks with 1 new map for 12.99...every 2 months ofc Dont worry man, my uncle works for EA, he told me he'll nerf musa."
"To be resolved as ""[WONTFIX] don't use 90% ui scaling"" New overview icons are cool, but look like COMPLETE FUCKING ASS at 90% UI scaling. Nearly unusable."
At least we know where the profits are going... Kroenke to spend a fortune... on stadium in L.A.
*le tips fedora* Us Korean film lovers need to upvote one another! Internet *tip of the hat*
Still the greatest warrior of all time Steph with that real solid MVP start. 0/3 with 2 TOs in 11 minutes?
"currently dealing with that.. it's such a pain in the ass.. it's like ""YEAH TOTALLY IGNORE THE 7 HOURS OF SURGERY THESE MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS DID, LETS GIVE ALL THE GLORY TO THE INVISIBLE SKY DADDY WHO MADE YOU SICK TO BEGIN WITH!"" I despise the idea that someones hard work and dedication = luck. It kind of hits me the same way as when a doctor pulls off some complicated surgery that took years of study, training and practice to do and the family of the patient immediately just ignores the doc and thanks Jesus."
Slightly over half.. last I checked the world was 51% male.. which of course means majority rules! I know. :) That's why I don't stereotype half the population.
"No you moron don't you get it a single worker and just negotiate his pay with his employer that's why unions are useless Its because fast food workers organized and campaigned for this. Things don't just happen like this, people have to make them happen, and thats what fast food workers did. They got off their asses and picketed, protested, wrote letters, and organized to try to get a law passed, and they did. The wonders of the labor movement at work."
Thanks for playing the objective! Here's a commentary on how to get a better k/d with walker assault
"The Pope is just a commie liberal socialist anyway. If it disagrees with their Republican ideologies of greed and profit at all costs, and hatred of others for no apparent reason, then most of them will also question the pope."
Back to Mexico with him There would be calls for him to be deported from England.
Some people don't have m*ms so we have to make sure we don't upset them. why is mom censored
Looks like quite the fun ride. Expert is bullshit.
You forgot The Grateful Dead ACTUAL CONFIRMED ELECTRIC FOREST LINEUP!!!! (LEAK)
Why dont you support equality for Aboriginal people? When the author says 'Australia'. They mean 'white people'. Another racists article ignoring Australia's diversity.
Looks good to me Seems good to me
devalues my bandos why the fuck do people want raids to be dead content
"Should have memorized his number plate and sue him someone gave me the middle finger today so I was driving my friend to toyota service center to pick up his car when a parking car suddenly decided it's a great idea to back up without looking which caused me to swerve a little bit to the right lane but giving him enough space to back off, so I had a normal reaction and used my honk. he took it personal as if the act of honking is not used to avoid accidents then he was infront of me driving slowly just being an asshole then he switched lanes and made sure he showed me he has a functioning middle finger. I wouldn't mind if it was in another country but If I am not mistaken the law is strict when it comes to those type of things. why would people risk to do such thing for silly reasons?"
Just what I've always wanted; a movie full of misandry and husband jokes. New All-Female 'Ghostbusters' Cast Chosen
"Wow cis gender male scum, maybe the person was grand or non-binary you fucking make me sick TRP subscriber claiming to be a woman in PM, bullshit called (not my OC)."
"This circlejerk about how having a PhD makes you smart is getting out of hand. Around reddit, I'm figuring you mean the anti-Big Bang Theory circlejerk? I agree. I actually have a PhD, and I find Big Bang Theory hilarious in large part because it's not an inaccurate representation of many of the people I work with -- so the idea that it's ""for dumb people"" is, to many, ignorant."
A two-to-one merge literally twenty feet after a traffic light... that's some real quality road engineering right there. Cut up from two lanes merging into one.
I thought the legit government of Yemen was part of the coalition. raising the coalition flags on the historical Marib dam after pushing back the Houthis.
"But it's fashion wars 2, the point of the game is to make your character look as good as you can.. Pointless feature addition ! That was seriously one of the dumbest reasons I could've ever imagined for why not to put it in."
Maybe everyone just loves Notre Dame? I love how I get downvoted and you get upvoted for saying the same thing. Everyone just hates Alabama.
Administrators don't want to be between the geeks doing research and the nerds staring at computers all day. I just wish they stuck the admin building between R&amp;D and the tracking centre.
"Make sure to neg the target a few times as well. No no, you gotta demonstrate value before you engage physically."
Do nothing but Reddit for 2 hours What do you recommend everyone should do every morning?
Haha funny bro They find out how many non-whites went to see it when they count the tickets that were bought with food stamps.
If only HL3 was on early access.... The story of GabeN
"Yes this is good arty platooned, they showed great skill That is a good arty team then. The first tracks you, the second takes his shot and doesn't get the kill, then the 3rd hits. Bad luck on RNG for them that they didn't get the kill on shot 2 or 3."
"Well you can probably start that new list with Kaepernick Realistically what is the worst ranking you could give Tom? Like 5th best all time? (P. Manning, Marino, Montana, Unitas?) For him to not crack the top 10 in the next 20 years that means there needs to be 6 guys better than him to come along. The only way I could see that happening is if you have like 6 guys win 3 straight Superbowls over the next 20 years..."
"Ahh, yeah... *Right* But that's just personal use.. *right?*"
Nothing makes a bit funnier than adding gratuitous gay slurs. LOTR: this could have worked.
Colorado Rapids Aaaand which small market MLS teams have failed because they didn't start from a lower tier?
"Voting solves all our problems. College kids will print out posters and write in chalk all over the university property what their political beliefs are(who to vote for), but they can't hold a decent conversation about politics and they say they don't vote. *brain explodes*"
"No man, You're just jealous of Apple, they make the best and most durable products Apple does some very underhanded things to make sure it's customers (read suckers) keep bringing their business back to apple, rather than third-party companies. Competition is the way that the consumer gets the best product for their money. Competition ensures that all companies work the hardest to keep people coming back. Branding which is a marketing tool makes even complete crap look like it's worth something. Try to stay away from companies that use this strategy, go with the company that's trying to earn new business.Don't take the suggestions of friends and family as gospel when choosing technology. Spend an hour online reading the problems people have with a product before you run out and buy it. This strategy will ensure you get the product that best fits your needs, and makes you a satisfied customer."
"Like Walmart. buy your food from a chain grocery store instead, where the workers are treated so much better"
"Yeah serves them right, fuck democracy unless they think just like we do. They should have built a wall around their lawns it would have kept them out"
"19th on the rich list published today, but no you're right Newcastle aren't ""big"" No major trophy since the 50s though, hard to say they're a ""Big"" club"
"Right, it's not the US. Why do some people assume it's easy to move to Canada? It's a country with borders and immigration policies. Not exactly a free for all."
It's always good to be back First day of school for me too :)
"Hey heyy.. He wants you to use his 5-hour energy drink instead of food. His ""idea"" is a human-powered bike attached to a generator. The dumb part is that humans are horribly inefficient at converting food to energy. Also, when you take into account all the energy that went into creating and transporting that food, the total energy input will probably be much larger than the energy output."
"Standards and licensing boards are infringements upon liberty and freedom! Or Rand Paul, who decided to start his own ophthalmology board to certify himself? I only trust doctors who certify themselves as competent. Saves time, what with all those pesky ""qualification"" exams and whatnot."
Because obviously the burden of proof is on you Stranger insists I've blown him and don't shave my thighs.
BUT EVERYTHING IS le TROLLAN NOW xD Writing a note that is obviously a joke isn't trolling.
"Who DOESN'T hurt when they run amirite Jim Hayes, Waino only hurts when he runs, not when he throws. Visit strictly precautionary."
It definitely sounds like something I would open at work sfw?
"I received over $9000 from BlockStream for signing the roadmap. This post only shows that the real ""roadmap"" here is for a group of people, mostly bitcoin core developers, force a ""consensus"", while they are being payd by a private company, Blockstream. That is a major case of conflict of interest, and nothing is being done or said about it. Coinbase is not alone going with XT. Bitpay, Xapo and many other important companies. Now It's their time to step up the game against this absurdity in the bitcoin world."
But it's so good for business.... Privatizing public goods is morally wrong.
"But i cant 6l the bow so its shit.. How are you losing 6 sockets? 4 linking costs you additional 7 Vaal orbs. No, it's not optimal and an obvious downside to the card. But acting like those 6 sockets are gone forever is equally ridiculous. I don't see any problem with buying that one for cheap if you can't afford a non corrupted one."
"Yeah, needs more roided out Americans with shotguns. I just can't get into this quirky Japanese shit. I can't take the game seriously."
Can't beat a dry hand job Handjob finish by wife
There were plenty of spare women; no sense wasting all that oil. Wonder why blessing a woman before child birth was cancled?
"Yah thank god they picked white. Well Lewis isn't even active today, so..."
And DEFINITELY NOT as a favour to his agent Jorge Mendes. Jose wanted falcao. Don't be fooled by these stupid benteke rumours. Jose has openly stated his desire to sign Falcao because he wanted to show people that he can make him better (lol)
until he is elected and *they* tell him what he is really going to do. I like Bernie he almost seems to good to be true.
But your reddit account is only 7 months old I've been saying that for almost an year.
"I'm not sure, I wouldn't want John Harbaugh after he just lost to a team that was 4-12 last year, and Chip Kelly couldn't contain an offense that has one of the oldest QBs in the game running it. Reaches: * Josh McDaniels * Ravens Harbaugh * Chip Kelly Other College coaches: * Jimbo Fisher (Assuming FSU fires him) * Fedora That being said, I think Herman is most likely by a good margin."
"Grant Morrison You've just been cast as a live action DC character. What role do you think you could do the most justice to? It could be by looks, voice, ability etc."
And China's history is sooo much better South China Sea dispute: Australia a country of 'inglorious history' says Chinese media outlet after Canberra statement
"Seriously o mean first the moon landing now this! When I saw the headline containing 'It is for Daesh', I immediately questioned it. You'd think that the news organizations might have done the same thing before spamming ***yet another*** hoax to the world."
because you buying something i can't afford is you abusing your rich privilege How exactly does buying something than you can afford make you an asshole?
"So it's your fault you're alone. The problem is if I were to date someone in my league, I wouldn't be attracted to them, and that's worse than being single."
He forgot to put well I see you can't detect sarcasm.
"Sure worked for ""progressives""! Should we advertise ourselves as atheists? I am wondering the fact if it's effective identifying ourselves as atheists. Most religious theists would say we deny God or a follower of Satan when they hear we're atheists, and I imagine for the general people, the word ""atheist"" often has negative connotations to it. While there shouldn't be negative connotations to it, it tells nothing more than having no belief in deities. I does not tell what our values are, nor what beliefs we have. There are atheists like Ayn Rand and Joseph Stalin, that are extreme political opposites, that won't have much unifying values, and aren't representative for most atheists. To the point, should identify ourselves as 'atheist' or other names like 'nonreligious', 'freethinker' or 'humanist' for advocating science and reason?"
"Because the banks have all the money, so if you break them up then everyone will be rich! How?"
You of course would know. It's an insect. I know fruit flies have slerm longer than they are but another insect has a penis longer than it is. Parasitic one if I recall. Either the flea or the bedbug?
"85 of which are *killing monsters* ""Blood and Wine supposedly contains: **90 new quests**, 40 new points of interest, 20 new monsters, 30 new weapons and an all-new Gwent deck."" You had me at ""*90 new quests*"". O_O"
"What if I'm upside down? Actually because of the low gravity, you wouldn't be able to get hard."
it's not like it has happened the E X A C T same way before is it Good thing it was an extremely solid build :DDDDDDDD
"Elite Dangerous VR (On the PC)... Well, I DO have a DK2. What Games Are You Gonna Play Before Oct. 13? Less than 4 months to go can seem so long when you're excited about something. I try to make some time regularly for gaming. Last game I finished was UC4. Now looking for some games to hold me off before Oct. 13. NMS's delay kinda killed shit now I don't have a game to play. My favorite game right now that I'm still playing is SFV but I don't play hardcore or for long periods of time. I save long gaming experiences for action adventure style games. The next games I have on my pre-order list comes out in August (Deus Ex and NMS maybe). Then that should take me to September 30th which is when FFXV comes out. And that could take me to launch. Of course, there are many other great games coming out from September onward, so that's not an issue. I'm more wondering, what some of you guys and girls might be playing to pass the time. I cancelled my Star Ocean 5 pre-order btw. Cheers!"
GIC is a bank's Ponzi scheme to land the money back at prime minus 1. I'm going back to gics
Treason and tax fraud. There are tabs for different offences. What's missing?
"Well, colour me surprised. The latest hire of the Wikimedia Foundation (Wikipedia) is a former Kotaku editor"
"Genocide! US Airstrike Kills Seven Civilians in Iraq, Including Children"
"Just got to Pioneer, where is it? Venasaur in pioneer area"
"No, it's totally the same, I was flashing 5.11s in my gym after 6 months! Outdoor climbing is a *similar* sport to indoor climbing, it is not the same sport."
"What an original idea regarding this image! They are normally made of cloth, though."
Menard won at Indy...he was elated Except Kimi wins.
"I really really really hope that Quiet turns out to be Chico so we can just helpfully point out that everyone calling Quiet a ""sexist character"" is internalizing their transmisogyny. Forbes ""contributor"" writer attacks MGS5 and calls ""Quiet"" a sexist character."
"But don't you see, it's the establishment's fault for not putting laws in place that *force* him to buy American! And Trump voters. Why does Trump say he will bring back american jobs. Yet his own business does not bother hiring American steel (buys chinese metal), clothing line made overseas and not in the US. There is no excuse other then wanting to pay Americans a fair wage."
"gotta love those texas christians. Christian group urges followers to ""kidnap"" women on their way to Texas abortion clinics, take them to church instead"
Chandra confirmed first trans planeswalker The real name is also a mans name.
"Reported for buzzkill! If you do a reverse image search on it, you can find that it's a cropped version of an image from some Russian website. False alarm, people."
"Oh a big straight compliment Question for the ladies: My girlfriend just told me that Hunter Pence looks like me but straight. Is this a compliment, or...?"
Yes SD cards and removable batteries is the reason the masses buy smartphones. If the HTC One had came with a removable battery and an SD card slot then they'd have had the market instead.
"But they made the screen larger! That would reflect the company when Steve Jobs was around. After that, they barely did anything inovative."
"sure, why not? Or we could just lynch him."
Buy a Mac! But it came with my PC!
Nice contribution. shit.
They won and it's called BM heh TIL A Player missed lethal in the very first public Hearthstone match
If only there were some way to indicate that you were being sarcastic. Sorry was a bit of sarcasm. Hard to do over the interwebs.
"I can't see anything going wrong there... I'll give you another fun one to scare you away in Ohio and probably elsewhere, they were letting convicts drive the handicapped buses...Yeah...that seems safe."
*THE* *real* OSU the *real* OSU
"But don't forget, Libertarians are the most immoral people and hate minorities. The libertarian movement has been at the forefront of the cause of gay marriage for decades"
"Yes, please piss off IBM and make them stop pouring millions into Linux and open source every year! Sounds like they need a self-hosted git repo in a country that doesn't give a shit about DMCA."
Yeah way to old Thinking of joining GW2 but is it already too old?.
Now only UltraGamer500 is missing Vibe made it on streamer spotlight congrats dude. i've been enjoying your stream
Might as well step back and take a few seconds to think about it. Did seconds count in this case?
Shows how much he knows. Honda
"you forgot MacBooks will make you the subject of envy for many, but also spoil you rotten with nice design and stable software. I am willing to give up some specs/pay extra for that because I can afford. If I struggled with money, I'd buy Dell or Assus too. The MacBooks are worth the price if you can afford."
"Isis is that Egyptian god, right? Please find me one person on reddit who doesn't know about Isis."
Yeah Christians have never killed scores of people in the name of Christ. read a history book
"Because friends never become anything more, never... 4chan on the Finale"
Ya they we're totally hacked! So we're they hacked?
"Israel is super poor and needs the money. Sounds good, until you look at: *Israel* $396.00 per person"
"As a dude, can I see your tits?. As a woman who... yeah, probably all dudes."
In a 30-year time frame.. It is to be implemented in all 5 boroughs.
"You triggered me, OMG you must be a redditor, the misogyny Their ""sombreros"" aren't even trying to be authentic. **It's a theme party.** They aren't dressing up as Mexicans doing anything to dehumanize anyone."
I doubt one could top the old game for PS2 Would love a punisher game
Yup Patriots are the sole reason the Bills have not made the playoffs. I would be blaming the Patriots for that.
Hit Anyone with indefinite time stop.
"It probably would not be the same - because apparently old people are humans but children are not Exactly, and I don't get why people are justifying her, and their own, disdain for kids. Would this be the same if someone were claiming they ""don't like old people""?"
"call it a life hack and people will listen PRO TIP: When on the ramp to merge onto a highway, don't SLOW DOWN, speed up. It's a speed up ramp so you can catch up to highway speeds, not slow down so you can hopefully merge when the ramp ends."
Who? That's a weird way to spell Charlie Cameron.
"so i'm reading Sundome, OMG 5 chapters in I'm bawling so hard, she's so god damn lovingly sadistic, he's so hopelessly infatuated, ahh reminds me of my high school days... now i'm going to go cry in the corner Tasogare Otome x Amnesia, Sora no Otoshimono, Itoshi no Kana, Super-Dreadnought Girl 4946, etc."
"your so racist you bruise symbols of hate, that's amazing... Fell off of my hoverboard and received a sign from the higher powers"
Foxy is a good guy Which theory that got deconfirmed later do you wish was still true?
"Well we all know that Paul McCartney wrote that verse, so you're argument is invalid. These lyric comparisons are easy."
"Yeah besides his multiple 20+ yard runs, he barely does anything! Yes it's a shame Gordon doesn't get the tough yards, how dare he rip off 20+ yard runs on first down."
guess being the most 1337 h@x0r can only hide you for so long. Lol hypocritical hacker
forgot your Pls dont start this shit. I think he deserves a clean slate.
"Because raven was super useless before, I'm sure no one will play one now. Nooo, Raven can't decloak ships with its drain anymore! This is devastating!"
#killthehype So I guess they're making fake CDG 2 camps with upside-down box logos now.... wat
And you're a tin-foil hat wearer if you think they'd be interested in my boring life! 'cause Facebook likes are awesome.
"Yeah... I HATE THAT I think of it like a subscription to a magazine... i won't get the full product (all the magazines) until a year from now, but i will be getting it in bits and pieces, and i'm saving money by paying in advance rather than buying one at a time."
Because Nobel Peace Prize. Why not Obama?
"I totally remember reading about all the officers ramming their cars into everyone, flying off the road and flipping their vehicles just going after someone speeding. GTA cops are actually becoming more realistic"
"Look at the bright side - now you know which one of you is your parents' favorite. My parents freaked out over my sister taking the pill, but not about me attempting suicide TL;DR- As a teen, I stole my parents prescription pills in hopes to end my life, my parents didn't seem to care. Yet my parents lost their shit when they found out my adult, unmarried sister was taking birth control pills. I went through several rough years as a teenager. I was suffering from severe depression and PTSD and couldn't sleep night after night. After several months of this I couldn't take it anymore. I started stealing prescription pills from my parents, any thing that said ""may cause drowsiness"" I would take. After several weeks of this I had built up a fairly large collection of prescription bottles. I kept them in a dresser drawer (I was pretty dumb). There were countless nights where I would lay in bed praying to die from an overdose. I got very sick and threw up many times from the amount of pills I took, but I always woke up the next morning. Disappointed to have to live another day. One day I came home from school to find that my dresser had been gone through and rearranged (my mom would do that occasionally, usually when someone was away on a trip though). She must have found all of the empty prescription bottles because they were gone. She never said a word to me about it. Neither did my dad, who I am sure she told. They knew I had been through a very traumatic experience and that I was suffering with depression (although, I should add that they don't believe depression is a real medical problem). A few years later my mom borrowed my sister's car for something and found a receipt for birth control pills. She was 20 at the time and didn't live at home. My parents flipped their shit. They both individually had serious talks with her and urged her to repent and go back to church. My dad tried harder to be a good father to her since he believed that she was having sex due to him not being a good enough dad. My parents were visibly distraught over their adult, unmarried daughter taking birth control pills. But me attempting suicide wasn't important enough to my parents to try to talk to me or try to help me. I don't know if this is something that was directly influenced by the church or just my parents backward thinking."
"He just doesn't want it enough of course. Heat fans, why has Lebron's defense declined compared to last year? Lack of effort? Too many miles on him in four straight Finals runs?"
63 million too much? Di Maria third assist
"Darn, guess I'll go die now since I live off of attention. Nobody fucking cares"
"Well, I mean, we sit around and play on the computer all day.... We've had similar replies as well. People never understand it as they don't consider anything IT related as a ""real job""."
Super shocked to find out they were Russian... Shirt VS. Skins...
"Because a man cant be attacked by a woman, obviously! And been promptly arrested, because she's a small woman and you are (I assume) a man."
"No no no, we prefer you have the right to have an abortion, but you need to feel guilty about it. Honestly the assumption should be that it doesn't fucking matter. It's a legal service that no one should feel bad about getting. These people have so efficiently turned the conversation around that we often speak as though it's a bad thing, when it isn't at all."
"That's why there are no homeless in Westlake Center and by Pike's Place? Well, generally speaking when you travel to other countries you won't see their homeless. Because you're a tourist. Going to tourist spots. You know, around people *with* money. Your comparison between countries isn't very valuable."
I dropped my Really hope thats sarcasm
"Not Aragorn, that's for sure! (Spoilers all) Who is the best fighter throughout Essos and Westeros?"
"Yeah, $2,500 for an award winning image of a BAND that you would THEN MOST LIKELY resell AGAIN and AGAIN and AGAIN to publications is totally worth giving up ALL rights to the image and being unable to RESELL it after you assign your rights to the image to Nikon. Ehh, I don't really understand the outrage. You're rewarded for the rights to your image, and the terms are given before entrance. It seems fair to me, considering it's entirely voluntary. Also, you might be surprised why companies require full rights to an image. The legality gets really silly and it's often better for companies to simply ask for the irrevocable rights to a submitted image than to allow for special considerations (i.e. we, Nikon, can use your image on the contest winner page AND you can still sell this image.) It's definitely not ideal, but I don't think it's outrageous."
"Ha android suck it, you can only charge one device with wireless charging but the vastly superior Apple can charge two at once Lets troll the apple fanboys a little more..."
You're exposing the business! I picture I took with the awesome Kurt Angle awhile back that I didn't post. Hope it gives you guys a chuckle.
"Duh, he's a tyrannical dictator pussy king with a transcended wife and is an agent of Jeremiah Wright to impose Shari'a law on us! Are they still playing the OBAMA IS A PUSSY card next to the OBAMA IS A TYRANT card?"
hilarious and original Do you think my cat is pretty?
"manziel is the browns only hope Goodell might hate the Patriots, but God hates the Browns."
"Nah, that doesn't sound as cool bro Can you just call it the Pacific North West?"
But... But.. Didn't you see the ninja trying to steal it and couldn't? Would get stolen so hard. Just use a garbage bag or something with a magnet to weight it down
"Huh, I think reddit is using targeting advertising, I bought a Corsair RGB keyboard with silent switches just last night. A PC Gamer's Worst Nightmare"
"By ""lots of leaders"" you mean the two times Jeremy Corbyn has been leader of Labour, right? This happens a lot. Lots of leaders of the left here in the UK become embroiled with controversies in the press over their perceived support for anti-west figures who have bloody hands."
"There certainly aren't enough liberal arts majors with teaching certifications out there looking for a job. I'm talking about recruiting college students while they're still in college by making teaching a competitive career path. If the only thing going for it is availability, the quality of the applicants is going to go down substantially."
"OMG, trigger warning please! Hit it right on the head."
The next big thing Oliver at Porto?
"Yay for sexual assault... Daddy, Please!"
Forgot the Whoa! There are some nice places in New Jersey.
"Kick him in the balls and then tell him it can't be ""that bad."" MRW my dad says period pain can't be that bad."
"Ok I'll setup a kickstart, you start selling early-access Yea, or just peasant boxes beware."
"We need more posts that have ""guys"" in the title. Next Episode in my Series guys, Getting to orbit!"
How did you make the thread if you're dead? Scarra about his botlane. I died of laughing
"The amount of random questions, chats with friends, train of thought and random personal questions that people have is startling ""just thought it was odd"" but there's nothing odd at all about gossiping about people's sex lives"
"Khepri ult now gives power, has it's range doubled, and revives the target with 60% of their max hp. Name some changes that would make Gods supremely overpowered List some things that would make your favorite (or least favorite) Gods crazy powerful. Here are some examples: -Hou Yi ricochet can bounce infinite times (shoot a few in duo lane, leave duo lane, farm from across the map ;] ) -Aphrodite's kiss link doesn't have a max distance and can be placed on multiple gods at the same time -Nox tether and AoE cast at the same time -Erlang Shen goes another patch without getting adjustments (kappa) Let your creativity flow! edit - Made it look neater"
Kaps only good with jetpacks Thoughts about the latest Call of Duty Championship ring? and what is your favourite of all time?
"oh what a shock. The former head of interpol, South Africa's former police commisioner, has been found guilty of corruption."
Everyone knows Netflix was going to die because they don't have Jumbo's Just Desserts anyway Netflix is warning Australian users that they could soon face delays seeing new shows because classification of the content is taking too long
"Have a kid, it'll totally eat up some of that free time I'm in the same place, I recently graduated from college and I'm amazed at how much free time I have, even though I'm at work for over 40 hours a week. The other 120ish hours a week are completely up for grabs. Feels weird."
"Yet killing his children strangely didn't come up as an option to reduce his impact... So you don't care about injustice relating to death, just injustice relating to life. Makes complete sense!"
"Damn right, only white heterosexual couples couple be allowed to marry. UKIP * because no one else is sticking up for traditional marriage"
"Yeah, his sentence isn't light enough, I sure hope he gets raped or murdered in prison, cause that's justice for sure! Its insane to think that weed dealers, mental health patients and armed robbery prisoners are serving longer sentences. Muzzo has a chance to get out in 3-4 years and be driving again in 12... He killed 4 fucking people. 1 year of his life for each victim...while those kids never even had a fair chance at life at all. What a joke. Hopefully some prison justice happens."
Way to level up the CYBER VIOLENCE. This is the post that got me insta-banned from NeoGaf
So you're the one who reported me trying to play the nice guy I see. Whatever enhances your experience. More power to you.
"Such a shame there were no good guys with guns in the crowd to stop the truck So sad. That is strange, guns are illegal in France but they had grenades and guns. How is this possible?"
"Yea, most people hear about the Rift by looking through device manager. Oculus VR is the generic name for Rift. That's even how it's displayed through windows, eg in your device manager."
"Cause my opinion matters Haha. Nooo, Mexx hates me!"
"But just think of how many other grave and serious issues we could belittle and trivialize through the use cute emojis instead of words to talk about them! I literally cannot even believe they asked an important policy question to be answered with emojis, FUCKING EMOJIS."
"His building business failed because of corrupt building unions, so of course he will try. So now I'm wondering if his business will miraculously qualify for some kind of government bailout, should he stay in politics and cast his votes as directed by the Lnp?"
"Yup by default it is immoral to not spend your time focused on the suffering of people you'll never meet. Honestly this tops in awful a lot of the petty, self centered gripes here"
"Carson Wentz is not old enough to get that call on his players Like...sometimes you're not sure if it's PI or not, but that was so blatant that the only explanation is the refs weren't looking that way for some reason."
"Wait a minute, which picture is minecraft and which picture is real life? i was bored so i started converting reallife to minecraft (close enough)"
shh no atheist has ever done anything wrong What about Mao's revolution?
Good Ol' Campaign against Chelsea. Werder Bremen's Papy Djilobodji banned for throat-slit gesture
FLUORIDE IN THE WATER MAKES YOU DUMB THIS IS HOW GOVERNMENT CONTROLS YOU WAKE UP SHEEPLE He is the youngest so it makes sense. More fluoridated water and better dental technology. Plus teeth whitening technology specifically.
"Yea when he had 550 range he was impossible to catch The reason Lucian has such a low range is because of how good he is at kiting. W gives speed boost when you shoot someone with the mark, E is a dash, and his ult is the single best kiting ability in the game. If he had longer range it'd be impossible to catch him"
Didn't know Caiman were salt water animals. Leopard is hungry for some seafood
Dank/10 not like super yoked out like arcane update Dota 2 Cosplay - Zeus
"How is that possible if the earth is only 6000 years old. You have to go back to the Eemian, about 120,000 years to get this hot. And in 30 years we will be breaking through that record. CO2 of 400 ppm is over 100 ppm higher than its been in over 3 million years. And we are headed to 550 by 2050, and 900 by 2100."
"Well, this isn't going to turn into a shitstorm on facebook. U.S. FDA orders antibacterials removed from consumer soaps"
Two of the best centers in the game dueling it out Varejao throws down a vicious slam over McGee in training camp!
a trial is always hard if you cant auto it with tridon lead I should have filled that last spot
"Yeah, all those white street gangs running around Compton and Chicago. Rural crime rates versus urban."
"Yes, that is the most important metric of any system So we should judge our system based on whether it costs more or less than jail?"
That's like upper middle class there. As an outside observer I find it hard to believe more players don't want to play for the Knicks or Nets. The New York area is such an awesome place especially for someone making $15mill/year.
"here I think you dropped this: K, upvoted him, and you cause you're right. I really should just upvote and not comment about it from here on out. Upvoted your post as i thought it was a gem."
"EA should give ~30% of there revenue to valve like all the good companies! So what exactly do people hate about Origin? I understand that it's from EA, so it's inherently evil, but is the service really crappy or something?"
But globalization lifted millions of Indians and Chinese out of poverty! Dems have ruined have the inner cities! Sad!
"Nah dude, bio-broly is dabes! Unfortunately I don't think we'll be seeing any pre-Z era characters coming back. The tagline has got me thinking that we're going to some kind of new godly place. I'm praying we're not bringing back Bardock. And how can people wish for Broli's return? He's got 3 movies of his own, and both sequels blow IMO."
Especially in Texas! But sex is a naughty word!
"2U Timely Arrival Instant Search your library for a creature card, put it into play, then shuffle your library. Miracle - something supposedly less than the original casting cost."
"Oh I see, working professionals should take advice from sub-20 year olds on the internet and expend the time to have 3 working OSes on their computer. I've upgraded directly from El Capitan to Sierra before with 0 issue, and that's as major of an upgrade as you can do. Don't act like these issues are inherent to having a hackintosh, it happens to some but not all. Not to mention, you can just boot up into a Linux or Windows partition on the rare occasion the macOS is truly FUBAR."
Why aren't you on the podcast anymore! Hi Geoff!
"Its not like he has over 1 month left to play with them in essence, right? Meh unless you play standard LET ER RIP."
"BECAUSE 'MURICA IS ALL THAT MATTERS Why would you expect UK to have a bigger or smaller drop than the rest if the major markets? If UK is a representative market, then the statistic is meaningful."
"Yes banning a sub for LEOs is the start of the solution Well, you could start by getting rid of every single cop and wannabe cop that posts on protectandserve, those guys are staright up cold blooded murderers."
Damn tall people... The left is so desperate to find a victim to protect and a bully to target. Next they'll be standing up for Pygmies and fostering hate towards tall people
They had to kill him as it's incredibly easy to hide a fucking rifle behind your back. Arizona Cops Kill Man on Business Trip Showing Pellet Gun to Others in Hotel Room
It worked for the Czechs. I'm a firm believer in non-violence and peaceful discussion and agreement. That is all.
"No, you're my moral enemy now.... Respect your opinion. Defensively I disagree, but god do I not care anymore. Friends?"
"He JUST got his own personal chef and now THIS happens. Both his and his girlfriend's twitter feed have been complete silence the past 3 days. They probably already came to terms with being pieces of shit a long time ago. Get fucked, assholes. Here's hoping for some sweet sweet jail time ASAP."
"Literally hates women so much he'll only let men that look like women fuck him, none of the cis cobweb hatchet wound scum! Delicious trap fucking?"
#criminallivesmatter Man aims gun at police executing a search warrant and gets shot to death. St. Louis riots anyway.
Socialized medicine has done wonders for Cuba A Typical Cuban Pharmacy
"Or you overclocked a reference r9 290x If your PC catches fire, something is wrong somewhere."
"Lets not turn this into a mens rights discussion, we all know no one wants that Well it's a boy so no. That only matters when it's of a girl."
And let's not forget that we need to investigate why Obama wasn't in the Oval Office on 9/11. A Trump campaign chair in Ohio says there was 'no racism' before Obama | US news
"Alrighty, if CNN does it then Trump doing it should be no problem CNN hypocrisy? Flashback to when network fat shamed Miss Universe Alicia Machado"
Excellent form Katy Perry Does A Double Under at the VMA Awards
It was probably Obama What a Difference a Dozen Volunteers Makes! Chicago AIA Convention Activists Net Over 120 More A/E Petition Signers
And that's not at all off-putting to new players. Um no. Most questions are downvoted when answered so they don't clutter the front page.
"No, the game was free after having paid the 60$ fee Here I'll give you money and then destroy the product in order to protest your shitty product and to show how it's not worth the money I've just spent on it. Console logic doe."
"So, you win by sandbagging, sounds like racing to me In bracket racing, you're not racing the other car, you're racing for time - to see who gets closer to their dial-in time without ""breaking-out"" (going faster)"
You mean brining up menstruating Jesus with tits at every option didn't prove his point? This guys tactics are all wrong.
"I know that vaccines cause autism, duh. ""The person is smart. People are dumb..."" Wise words from Agent K."
"Yes cause fucking traps were the main issue with nidalee That's not a buff bro. She's losing her % HP damage on human form W for 40 base damage, and losing base damage on it in cougar form. The .1 AP buff on E is pretty small."
BUT HE'S BEING ARRESTED HE'S A CRIMINAL God I want this man to be President.
There's hardly any so it's a nice treat every now and then. I'm new to reddit and by gosh the sarcasm is the best part.
"If her friends would have just shared her post, Mitt Romney would have won. She needs to see a doctor...pretty sure I heard glass clinking, likely an alcoholic. Good Lord...find something else to do with your life than yell at teenagers on the internet."
This video is affecting the way people play zombies all over the globe. Umm... I don't understand what this PSA was for. Did people only train in circles?
Yeah because we're actually allowed to protest anything here I think you do. This is so horrible I'm pretty sure if there was a country wide boycott on paying the corporate greed disguised as health insurance someone would listen.
They were just informing the motorcyclist that he's supposed to stop ***before*** the crosswalk. Pickup truck hits motorcyclist at stop sign
"What kind of monster has their phone set to a 24 hour format? ""most likely""?"
"""But I can see where I'm going!"" Turn your fucking headlights on in the rain. Seriously."
"MMM dat mouf tho Heroes Brawl of the Week, December 23, 2016: Snow Brawl"
Shou Tucker did nothing wrong. Too soon.
"Because the UAE and Islam are both completely relevant and useful in today's world. TIL Religious leaders in the UAE issued a fatwa against Mars One because they liken the mission to suicide, which is forbidden in Islam"
"You're right, we need to coddle women, they're way too fragile to face any of the criticism that we strong men deal with. You sure taught that girl a lesson for trying to accomplish something! Now head on back to your dark room and chuckle quietly to yourself for the next few hours while reading all of your comments!"
It wasn't their book it was their dads..... You're definitely on the right side if you're throwing out the opposing sides books that isn't even your property It's one thing to listen to somebody elses opinion for a few minutes or even an hour. It is entirely another thing to read that opinion for hours on end.
She has a thigh gap..clearly a hardbody. What a hardbody. Look at those ribs.
"That'll show them to pay their damn child support! punishment for the father, mother, and children! what a wonderful system!"
I think we need more WR's and another aging RB Because Grigson would totally spend it wisely...
"this would be top comment with a someone put out an amber alert, because i can't find any fucks! rolling coal isn't a political message.. its a right!"
"Yes, the pretty graphics of Skyrim at 1080p Resolution =/= Graphical Quality"
"Fucking misogynist! But not all feminists are like that, so it is excused right guys? Guys?"
"Yeah, why would any developer / publisher ever lie about any game, EVER? Why would they lie about the things they've improved? That would just make things worse. This isn't Peter Molyneux we're talking about."
"No, that's offensive to people of German ancestry. That's dumb, if you want to be politically correct, it's ""pretzel style."" No exceptions."
Get the xbox elite with the super D-pad for more emotes I have no problem with their cash shop. I would really like to have access to all four emote slots though. I want to customize my entire d-pad with emotes. Especially if I can buy 16 different emotes.
i'd say wait for gold prices to drop. Idk what to say about this..
"I don't know, I wouldn't trust free trains from germany. Migrant protesters demand free transportation to Germany via train (@Keleti train station,Budapest)"
"You have Stockholm syndrome, it's OK OPs bf For future reference, I am OPs boyfriend and i gave her consent for this always. We like to wake eachother up with oral. I just didnt happen to wake up this time.."
"BUT MY HEALTH INSURANCE MONTHLY PREMIUMS WILL INCREASE IF MOAR PEPOL ARE FAT D: Ugh. As a woman, here's my input, and I think it's the same as most reasonable people's. CAN WE STOP TALKING ABOUT WOMEN'S WEIGHT PLEASE. Like most people, I've had friends and family who have been overweight or underweight. And you know whose business it is? FUCKING NO ONE'S. Your weight is for you. If it's unhealthy, you're the one who might suffer. You're the one who knows why you have trouble with it. It is absolutely no one else's place to make you feel bad about it, cos it has absolutely zero effect on them, except if they're offended that you don't make their dick hard like a woman should. Now, help should absolutely be available for those who want it, or those who are in imminent danger because of their weight. But these online debates are so fucking stupid, depressing, misogynistic and pointless that it's infuriating. This is the only time I've commented on one or intend to, cos I wish they would JUST STOP."
I hear more inflation helps. Federal Reserve report: More than half of Americans cannot come up with $400 in emergency money without borrowing
wolves video next Cover Saint in lambs wool.
Bitch did I ask you ugly tbh.
BECAUSE FUCK YOU FOR LOOKING GOOD Why not? It's Mirin' Monday.
Yeah that's why weight classes don't exist in combat sports Size doesn't matter there's plenty of fights where the little guy knocks the fuck out f the big guy.
It doesn't have enough grips on it Just received shipment of CBRPS bullpup kits
"It's not like almost everyone has felt lonely or unwanted at some point in their lives. ""It's a pain that most people will never understand"" dramatic much?"
That was a bold and provocative statement. Im going to go out on a limb and say Judaism predates Islam in the middle east by thousands of years
"Not me, it's good that we have the restricted/ATT system because it prevents criminals from bringing their pistols places that are not approved. Part of me wishes i could do this up here"
"It's more cinematic, of course! What is better about it?"
"He dropped the They'll do it but they won't remove the Lightning connector until wireless charging is as fast as turbo charging and just as reliable, and until every single person thinks corded headphones are old and dumb. There's still too much use for the Lightning port. I could see them introducing wireless charging and AMOLED next year but they'll keep Lightning for a while."
Definitely unheard of I like how gasoline smells.
"Welp, he paid you a compliment, guess it's time for the sex now! Wanna?"
Pffft.... Lazy.... Chronic Fatigue here. Likewise for me.
"But but but the steam is so cool! In addition to the no pressure washer, and because I've already seen a comment regarding doing it at the car wash... For the love of everything holy, never ever spray a hot engine block with water. You're risking cracking the block and instant car death."
"Yeah honestly I think we should leave this whole ""slavery"" business up to the states. Thats ... that's the point..? The overwhelmingly conservative population of Alabama doesn't share the same values as the liberals in California. By leaving it up to the states, you're allowing people's governments to more accurately represent their views, rather than trying a ""one size fits all"" approach. If someone living in Alabama doesn't like those views, they're free to try to change it or move elsewhere. It's easier to move elsewhere within a nation than to a different nation entirely."
"And I swear that I saw the Israeli PM also steal the organs from those poor children and then proceed to sexually abuse their bodies. Former Israeli PM shot Palestinian toddlers: Dutch director. I met Sharon and saw him kill two children before my eyes George Sluizer, Dutch-Jewish director"
"Try Heroic Brawl, win 12 times for insane value! As a new player, thinking about what to spent gold on... I dunno about you guys, but the gadgetzan packs look pretty *safe*."
That's probably okay because it's pronounced Hey Zeus What about all the Latino kids named Jesus? Do we have to change their names too?
"I've always wanted a bass with no tone or volume knobs. My Nikki Sixx Gibson Blackbird - I am trying to sell it and am wondering, Does anyone know the current market value of this bass?"
I'm sure he's just texting from his pool house. and that's his bathroom? Where is his real estate?
"Sucked. That Tomlinson kid from TCU held out for most of training camp his rookie year. Whatever happened to him, anyway?"
Off topic: are you Eddie Lack? Had a date last night with a 51% after 2 beers we went back to my place to watch a movie which ended up being 2 hours of kinky sex.
"Look at all the fucks I don't give It's weird, because the correct usage is obvious. She's dancing in an empty fucking field. There's nothing there!"
"He's German, he doesn't have time for jokes. I can't tell if the joke went over your head or if you're playing along with a new joke."
"*watches overview of Soldier Field* WHOA THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE AT SOLDIER FIELD! Unofficial Parade Day Thread: Chicago City vs A Whole Lot of People Just waiting to converge with some buddies, made a post! GO HAWKS! and see you out there!"
It was just a prank bruh Egyptian student agrees to leave US after Trump comment
"Nah, we need more american representation because of reasons and stuff I'd much rather have an Aussie CTU over yet another US one. I was actually surprised when they added the Navy Seals."
They've removed the pages. Apple releases a $199/$299 book covering a history of their products
"What's next, you miss Cole? Rio is crazy underrated for a lot of reasons. Doesn't mean he's a great player or evens good player, but people get so caught up in his faults they miss just how good he can be"
Dem greedy capitalists though The U.S. is not as obese as The rest of the world thinks.
"Much better than that dirty **socialized** health care. People here will call an ambulance for the smallest emergencies. Sprained your wrist? Call 911. It is the only way to get treated at the ER within a few hours. I went in there one night at about 9:30 with a fever of over 102 F and difficulty breathing. I spent 9 hours in the ER and they told me to go see my primary care doctor. I had to wait 2 more hours before his practice opened. My primary care doctor called me an ambulance and I was transported to the ER. I was admitted within 45 minutes with pneumonia. I also got to experience MRSA at the hospital as well. Fun times. I got hit with 2 ER copays and an ambulance ride from an ambulance company that was out of network. Then my insurance initially refused to pay since I did not get prior approval for the second ER visit. Our hospital also gives MRSA out for free. American healthcare, the best in the world."
"TIL one need university level studies in order to understand that the world doesn't revolve around them and that everyone has their own shit going on I understand what the original poster was trying to say. When you study clinical psych, they encourage you to develop empathy and what they call ""unconditional positive regard"" (seeing people as humans worthy of care even if they're total dicks), and this can make it harder to lose your temper with people. It's a hell of a leap from ""better at empathzing"" to ""I understand everyone's reasons for doing everything"", though. In my counselling psych class they actually told us to warn our clients in the first session that we are not gurus and are more there to assist them in figuring things out, rather than to ""analyze"" them."
"What a relief that even though men could physically take over the world and force women to do what they want, they haven't _spent centuries doing exactly that_. Going through my old messages. I'd forgotten about this: when I ranted about about sexist jokes, some dude benevolently reminds me of my inferiority."
"Good point, we should fine them instead. But if we put them in jail, aren't we giving them a home?"
"This will work fine like the dao Want to join the Golem team &amp; help build the world's most powerful, completely decentralized, supercomputer? We're hiring!"
I bet you don't even harvest your own organic raw foods and buy them like a pleb TIL wanting to try a new vegan product means I can't cook
"God forbid someone enjoy something in a different way than I do! Because dubs are garbage that shouldn't exist, and people who watch them shouldn't consider themselves anime viewers."
"Well noob that's because you didn't get flash and you are teemo. Yeah. They're bad the way Flanders is bad. Overly wholesome, and yes when you bring up their favorite imaginative magic stories they go on and on about it ... But, I mean, no bronies ever screamed at me to choke on a cock the way a League of Legends fan would."
"Just rework murky and give him octograb baseline! More and More characters hurt Murky's Rep - Mrgrllgrllgrlglrlgl. - Mrgrllgrllgrlglrlgl! - Mrgrllgrllgrlglrlglrgrllgrllgrlglrlglrgrllgrllgrlglrlgl? - Mrgrllgrllgrlglrlgl. - **Mrgrllgrllgrlglrlgl.** Mrgrllgrllgrlglrlgl. Mrgrllgrllgrhelp. **[Translation]** - Greymane has Go for the Throat - Li Ming can oneshot Murk and get cds and health from it. - Xul can easily push better than Murky because you can still kill his puffer. - Tracer can easily kill Murky and his puffer. - **Medivh can just turn the octograbbed target invulnerable.** Please, help the mrgllrglrgrlgrglrglrlgls."
"3 hours + 30 mins +20 mins + X eons for sermon =/= 2 hours ITS JESUS HE CAN STOP TIME YAY PRAISE HIM ALSO FUCK PIGEONS About 2 hours total, but it felt like 2 days."
"Chances are you will die of a marijuana overdose before you can have a family. As a 22 Year old Student who Drinks , Parties and smokes weed, will I really be doing dad jokes someday?"
Well you do get a pretty sweet photo And the animal is actually used! Instead of leaving a rotting carcass for hyenas/jackels.
"Well, he was tresspassing. That's fuckin assault, dude."
Damn conservatives slashing sex ed from schools is what it is STD rates in California are the highest they've been in 25 years - LA Times
"Simple Solution, execute the drone shooter. Kentucky man shoots down drone spying on 16yo daughter."
You were probably dressed too provocatively. I had a (male) customer come up behind me and start rubbing my shoulders. I had spoken to him earlier about products and he'd gone on about how much he liked my hair and did the creepy arm touch thing so I'd moved on to other tasks and I was horrified when he followed me and put his hands on me. Not cool man.
I'm glad that talking about the Nice truck of peace attack and others is no longer allowed on youtube. It's almost as if the new Youtube Advertising guidelines are meant to target Independent News in general.
I heard its called 22 because it bounces around 22 times in the human body Pfft use a .22 it's like 13 calibers larger than 9mm and it's made to bounce around inside the body forever. If anyone takes me seriously try not to drown when it rains.
Im sure when the cops are surrounding the house the occupants are really going to check periscope and get an advantage. Warning from police after SWAT situation live streamed on Periscope in East Nashville
"Yeah she obviously hates climbing and is just a broken human being. That's because it is an ad. For her father's rock wall business. Hey, sometimes you gotta break some kids to make an omelet."
Yeah when I was watching Avatar I didn't even notice! Loads of crap. Most of the times you dont even notice that CGI is there.
"Don't worry, he's winning Donald Trump Cancels Speeches in Colorado, Nevada, Oregon"
More 3 hour technical delays plz Gifts from EA for downtime .. Not too shabby
No. Is this a joke? Please tell me this is a joke
"Oh thank god, my faith in humanity is restored. Relax it's just simply idol worship. It may be illogical and I may disagree with the practice, but it's not really hard to understand why people do it."
"Blow jobs are a slippery slope, my friend. Yeah except I wouldn't have sex yet... but blow job is a definite yes"
"I haven't noticed an unusual amount of racism, but I'm white and therefore inherently ignorant. Why is this sub so racist?"
Oh yeah cause there's no way that's intended It's just a variation on a famous restaurant
"nono, you don't understand before premades didn't exist, this thing of being camped by the enemy duo is only a dynamic queue thing. Welcome to top lane for the last 5 years; dynamic queue changes none of the dynamics of a top/jungle duo"
yeah fuck capitalism! We've all had people asking how Sanders intends to pay for his proposals. Here's a convenient cheat sheet.
Relativity How'd they do it in Kerbal space program?
"And in other news, Texas has now passed a law making it illegal for women to menstrate because stem cells... Menstrual Blood Shows Heart Repairing Stem Cell Properties"
"Def MacKeeper ;) What do you use to clean up your Mac? I've been in the process of clearing out photos, videos, documents etc (literally everything) off my Mac onto an external hard drive because it's an older model (mid 2010) and it's been running pretty slow. I've seen some apps that scan everything and clear out stuff that I don't need. I almost bought one the other day and decided I should look up reviews first but the reviews were terrible. I've never done it before so I have no clue. Thanks in advance :)"
**definitely** sent by trump supporters! Letters threatening genocide against Muslims and praising Trump sent to multiple California mosques
Preferences are racist. Where does a Greek boy meet a Greek girl in Melbourne?
"Racist ! Hey, you can always pack up and go home if you don't like it"
Force of Nature + Savage Roar This week's Tavern Brawl is: Top 2 The Innkeeper is wondering which two cards work best together. Show him - choose 2 cards and we'll fill your deck with them!
Obviously when women do better than men it's because they are smarter and more talented than men and when men do better it's because of the patriarchy that subjugates them and keeps them down. Unemployment rates for men and women during Jan 2000 - May 2010
The pornography charge is worth the non-conformity At my local McDonald's
Half of a whole hole It takes a man 12 hours to dig a hole... how much will he dig in 6 hours?
"It will be all 1054 over again, and Greece will pay for it.. Greece urges EU to comes up with 'Plan B' for migrant crisis after Turkey threatens to pull out of EU deal"
Here: That was actually really good.
Mass surveillance really does a good job protecting us doesn't it? I hear the shooter was a Muslim and he hated homosexuals and he was on a watchlist for ties to terrorist organizations.
"""Completely unrelated"" I'm sure this is just a gun control issue Suspect with Large Gun Arsenal Arrested at L.A. Pride Festival"
"PC games are full of ""hackers"" anyway. This kid is going to be a PC gamer later, mark my words."
"Dude just really needed to get online today and post about how huge his dick is... get off his huge dick about it, won't ya? So the store clerks have some sort of measuring tape and you are DQed? I'm unclear. Please clarify further."
Sounds like something the Cosmos would do He was coaching Bastia until a month ago or something... PLAYER MANAGER
Color me shocked you don't understand the difference between style of clothing and an explicit message put onto clothes. Seriously. Where are all the feminists defending him? What he wears is not an excuse to harass him anymore than it is an excuse to harass a woman on the street for wearing a short skirt. Or does applying this idiom to people you don't like make you feel icky?
"Didn't you know, it's impossible to play video games and live a normal life at the same time! This answer probably makes you just as much of a douche as the cheater. ""lol nerd get a life"" in another form really."
Well at first it was Why say anything then?
"As long as those tax dollars are going to fund the penal system that is expressly designed to prevent you from escaping it and possibly private prison corporations, who gives a fuck? I mean even if you think about the situation purely in monetary terms they want to take someone who currently pays taxes and turn him into someone that consumes tax dollars."
"Chromosomes are a social construct you CIS white privileged male! A Y chromosome is a Y and an X an X, they DO NOT Change!"
"No, this is a safe space, don't mansplain me you f*ck This is the internet. You can curse here if you like. Or you can use any other word you like. It's up to you."
I think the Lion Cat Eizard Lord should be our next dark troop! LMAO This is just getting shameless...
Buuut criminals=poor=democrats I would say a majority of criminals give no fucks about politics
Yeah I too hope that an unsubstantiated and completely made up *possible* scenario doesn't happen. I hope not.. There will be ALOT of deaths on both sides
How come teams don't threaten to move to LA if they don't get a new stadium? It's contracted to the MCG to 2038 from memory. Also until recently the stadiums in the other capitals weren't comparable in size and/or quality. It has a capacity just over 100k. The argument is that the game is going to sell out no matter which teams play. If you play it in a different city with a smaller stadium it just means that more supporters (and $) will miss out.
"Eventually, if he persists, he may ""pot his wetness in your u-know-what sexily""! Sometimes even my immortal can't scare them away"
"Because if it's not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone. A 2nd hand iPhone would cost the same as a brand new Honor 7. Why would you want a shit iPhone?"
"yeah, spyleader is still a newb cheater so he misclicked and flusha is already a pro at using them thx for the word correction, but this clip is not comparable to the spyleader one imo"
"It's easy to win when you have someone obviously using an aimbot The soldier's play, that lead us to victory in 5vs6 koth deciding round."
Should be pretty easy to get a payday loan for that much! By the looks of it I'd say a new one only cost around $100
Yes it's a lovely unchanging shade of brown.... Goes so well with the black and white DO shaders. speak for yourself. I love my DO exotic mark. Also love the undying mind mark.
"Good job they're *white* aliens. Alien Nation, who remembers this show?"
The most shocking thing in this video was Chelsea fans actually singing Chelsea fans prevent black man boarding Paris metro train
That's a shame - I'm sure you would've been bigger than Kim Kardashian had you decided otherwise. It's the only reason I decided not to become famous.
"roof. The gray building in the top right corner of the picture has something old on top of it, what is its name?"
"Nah, it's all part of his plan to tear apart America from the inside out. Beside the fact that Fareed was a big Reagan fan for awhile. Besides the fact this book is about the power shifts happening in the world. Specifically how the US spread of democracy changed the world and brought greater competition in places like India and China. Besides the fact that,...oh just burn the book already. Satan lives in the margins of each page"
"the boomers are going to get the *absolute best* in retirement homes I think that means we just have to start taking shit. When the Boomers are too old to work and we comprise the bulk of the market, and the workforce, and the taxpayers, and the military, and the government - we'll see if they change their tune a little bit"
"Absolutely ashamed that not everyone decided to voluntarily cause someone undue distress. You've all dropped the ball on not responding to this comment. Good job, none of you."
"Yeah totally, because it works so well in the US... Europeans, would you, given the current dynamic and future prospects of Europe, support a US style gun-law in your country/EU? A question I've been wondering about lately. Our societies degrade rapidly, and this will only get worse, the political left refuses any debate or discussion, sides become entrenched, a fifth pillar undermines our up until recently peaceful societies. Europe is facing societal break down, ethnic tension, segregation, poverty, violence, terrorism and racism in the near future, should we citizens have the rights to defend ourselves as we can no longer expect our government to act in our interest when things go wrong?"
"Good joke! I was being sarcastic, and you are correct"
"Must be antisemitic. Frist of all, how **dare** yo u accuse Israel of human rights violations?"
"So fuckin savage ""BRUTAL MEME"""
"I have a device that lets it hover over my head, while still staying attached by the peyos... Orthodox Men and Haircuts? Okay, this is a really stupid question. I'm a Jew, but wasn't raised in the religion at all, and so my knowledge of the trivial stuff is lacking. Anyway, I live in a neighborhood in Brooklyn with a heavy Orthodox/Haredi population, and I've always wondered how men who always wear kippahs and/or another form of head covering get haircuts. Don't you have to remove it, or can they move it around on the head and cut around it and technically be within the rules? Is it just, like, cool with God if you take it off at the barbershop? Do their wives/moms cut their hair at home? Are all Orthodox men secretly balding and the kippahs just happen to cover the bald spots?' Google gave me no answer and I'm too embarrassed to just ask someone I know. Help me out, Reddit."
you dropped the This whole thread really makes me want kids.
"The solution is to stick another tempered glass screen on top. Both the tempered glass and phone screen are shattered. I want to replace the shattered tempered glass, but it might be the only thing keeping the screen together."
"You should convert and add insult to injury ( Funny) My Ndad's ""gracious"" offer toward my boyfriend. I've been No contact with them for almost a year so I take this to mean they REALLY want to see me because they hate him. So I've been no contact with my Nparents for a year now. This is not counting the inevitable bumping into them every now and again due to this being a very small town. If you read my previous posts you'll know they hate my boyfriend for a variety of reasons. He's white, ""poor"", Jewish, ""weak"", and worst of all, he takes care of me and we aren't even married. Well my Ndad has been trying to get into contact with me more. I suspect he wants money because my brothers told me he's been saying I owe him a certain amount for a ""debt"". Now because they hate my boyfriend I've been able to get out of all previous family visits and engagements by stating I'd bring him with me. Well they must REALLY want to see me because going through my brothers who I still talk to, they invited me to my youngest brother's party at one of those kid theme restaurants. and they said I can bring my boyfriend. They obviously think they're being very gracious and kind and in truth it is a rather big deal. However, there's obviously an N twist. He can come, but he has to sit at a different table and everyone has been forbidden to interact with him. I would be allowed to sit with them, but if I chose to go sit with him I would also be ignored. He would be expected to pay for his own food while everyone else would have theirs paid for. So pretty much they want him to have lunch alone in a kiddie restaurant while my NParents try to guilt trip and likely mentally, emotionally and or financially attempt to abuse me at the next table. When my brothers told me I wasn't even angry. I thought it was hilarious. They actually think that they are presenting a reasonable deal to my boyfriend. They think so highly of themselves that they believe that my boyfriend will be so happy just to be in the same restaurant with them he won't mind be ostracized from everyone. Mind you this was a children's birthday party too, set for the literal day after Halloween. They thought that we would care about their approval so much we would want to get up at ten to go to a birthday party with a bunch of kids who probably ate pixie stix and kit-kats for breakfast and were about to gorge themselves on cake and soda and turn into little energizer bunnies from hell. And then proceed to spend our day eating shitty pizza and listening to the same CD on repeat for four hours. They really thought this would sound like an attractive idea. Spoiler alert, we wouldn't care about being in good favor enough to do that for money. It's almost insulting. My GCsister has been dating her boyfriend for the same amount of time I've been with mine. He's invited to all family events. My parent's pay for his food and he goes to our church every Sunday. My parents are pushing them to marry at this point and talking about grand kids. And I'm are supposed to be happy mine is allowed to sit NEAR us at gatherings. No thanks. I called my little brother on skype and we sent him a card and really annoying gifts so he can drive the Ns crazier. My other brothers said that my gifts were his favorite and my parents were shocked we didn't show. I wonder why?"
"No, you see, you don't actually have to do that - you could drop your job and all your responsibilities at this instant and lock down a rich man who'll take care of you for the rest of your life if only you have se with him. Like God forbid we are actually functioning, productive adults with jobs and real world responsibilities."
"I mean, it's not like it lead to 9/11 or anything You want to arm, train, etc. the opposition? Yeah, that's always worked out well for us. Then again, I get it. Whatever, it's so hard to make these kind of decisions."
"Oh lol sorry i meant ""ech, furpeople ewwwww"" Thank you. That's a lot more mature than most people. However, I judge myself too, so it's okay."
"You can't be sexist against boys, silly. Well that's sexist"
At least it isn't Jalapeno gas or Ghost Pepper gas..... ISIL uses mustard gas in Syria
"Don't they? Yeah, cause Chinese workers type the labels one by one, right?"
"Lamar is where it's at What? Joplin was where I spent most of my time, it was nothing but good to me. I worked at Spencer's from 2013 - 2014; so if you ever went in, we prolly saw each other."
"It's weird, it must be American! Nah it's a weird kind of humor"
"Yeah i dont see any Balls best western top, meteos best western jungler, Sneaky surpassing WT and DL, nope never seen any of that ""I think Link did a good job"" ""Link played well"" ""Faker complimented Link"", etc..."
Let's change this subreddit's font to this! You LOVE it.
He said talent. what about melo? hehe
"Yes, that's exactly who Wenger had on his mind as a top, top striker the whole time. So this entire time the top striker Wenger had in mind was Lucas Perez"
"Yeah seriously, how can they beat poor NiP like this envyus is such a scumbag team(no i didn't bet)"
They already have a power forward ...or they could just trade their #1 pick + whoever for Kevin Love... that'd be a pretty enticing lineup to join.
TIL People date one another to leech money off the other party... Finally got harassed for being CF by some jerk on OKC.
"Yes, deal out some righteous beta justice! you could always be the last option for women. orbit them long enough and after the carousel they will settle with you."
If the damn liberals didn't give them the coverage in the first place they would have never known what they were missing! We all know they'll find a way to blame liberals.
"You OK? I DON'T KNOW, I CAN'T REALLY SEE THESE PRICES, I HAVE ANTS IN MY EYES. ALSO, I CAN'T HEAR ANYTHING, THERE COULD BE SIRENS, I JUST DON'T KNOW. THERE ARE SO MANY ANTS IN MY EYES. EVERYTHING IS BLACK, I CAN'T HEAR, AND ALSO, I CAN'T REALLY FEEL ANYTHING. I'M ANTS-IN-MY-EYES JOHNSON."
"Seems like a normal day on DN. Yu-Gi-Oh Legacy of the Duelists multiplayer is awful. I have been playing multiplayer for some time and I come across three kind of players 1. People who buy pre-set up decks that beat you in two turns 2. People who will sit and not make a move, causing you to leave from boredom (which is what is currently happening right now. I have been waiting about 10 minutes for this guy to make his move and he told me he isn't going to move.) 3. People who will quit out of the game by force quitting the game from the menu, causing it to not count as a win because the other player 'lost connection' I have come across 6 players who either dueled to the end or had made their own decks but this is out of 4 days worth of playing multiplayer. To me, the multiplayer in this game is just not fun. Has anyone else had this issue?"
"Alright I'll remember to send you over my NFL player hate ranking for evaluation next time I express dislike of JJ Watt I get the Watt hate a little bit.. Honestly though, people hate him more for having a No Fun personality than they do for some players who beat their spouses or anything else crime related. In reality, most teams wish they had a player as annoyingly dedicated. Sometimes a squeaky clean image, while annoying, isn't a bad thing. /rant"
"Yes, that helps me since I went to college and had to take out loans Thank you Occupy Wall Street!!"
why the hell would anyone want a pillow made of bamboo Bamboo pillows. I think you can find them on amazon. They're like plush and soft but more firm which I can't recommend enough.
"What are you on about imgur is flawless Imgur's being a whiner, no surprise"
maybe you could sell your eth and buy btc as a protest The upcoming resignation of Vitalik Buterin.
"What are you saying, that you HAVEN'T seen the video of Bin Laden making out with Hillary? Almost half of his supporters claim to have seen a video that doesn't exist. Fucking rad. That's the level of intelligence / cronyism we're fighting."
"Careful... At that rate, he might become a school gunman I agree. They (the media) want to find some excuse to why the Bears won. Anything besides the fact we were the better team. Also, Kyle Long plays video games all the fucking time. Even streams them on twitch, he seems to know how to balance that shit just fine. Possibly a top 5 Right Tackle his first year and double pro-bowl as Guard. Yes, lets blame video games for bad performance."
Westbrook is toxic to the team and impeding on their long term success. 15/10/7 for Russ so far yet someone somewhere will still find ways to hate on him
Well you can't have wars when everyone is dead. Duterte vows to bring real peace to Mindanao
"""Down voted for truth"" So, 4 billion dollars decides the direction of a 17 trillion dollar economy and a 3 trillion dollar government. That's .13% of government and .023% of the US economy. That's an insanely small amount of management overhead by any standard."
"This is helpful since school started today in Opelika. Don't forget, back-to-school sales tax holiday is this weekend (Aug 5-7)"
"How unlucky, he could be playing in the Championship right now (maybe some day). In 2010 Robert Lewandowski almost signed for Blackburn Rovers, only for his flight to be cancelled as a result of the Icelandic volcanic ash cloud."
you forgot Get a iPhone or a Windows Phone. Neither Apple nor Microsoft built their companies on advertising and user data.
"I think the message grandma is trying to get across is ""I don't like black people"" but it's a little hard to say for sure because she's being so subtle I am so confused by the message in this one. Is grandma saying that rap causes intercity violence because the ghosts are coming out of boom boxes? How will banning the Democratic Party get rid of boom box violence ghosts? WHAT RACIST RANT ARE YOU TRYING TO DELIVER GAM GAM?!"
"Yeah, CBS is definitely against getting a few million hits on their website. Do you think production possibly made her agree to not campaign for her brother via social medial in agreement of putting him on the show? It would be an obvious unfair advantage if she was allowed to do that."
"How could us idiots notice if it wasn't pointed out for us? If you feel the need to point out the bad pun, you probably shouldn't've put it."
"Wow, you're so cool and open-minded. Oh look I love studying other religions and i've gone to loads of weird temples all over the world and i've absolutely no issue with following rules and being respectful. Like I went to this huge fancy Mosque in Egypt and I was fine with the whole taking off shoes and covering up jazz, but being asked to pray/worship someone elses god is too far."
Strong women don't get pussy grabbed Just go up to her the next time you see her and grab her in the pussy without warning.
"Boze is there to show that OpTic accepts you no matter your size, creates good P.R Not one person on this sub can tell you a legitimate benefit to having MBoze and Flamesword apart of OG, in fact I challenge them"
"Hah yeah, ""normal"" people aren't mean you honestly believe that is grounds to call someone a ""motherfucking joke""? Maybe the rule is designed to teach the emotionally stunted how to act like a motherfucking human being."
"Yes, having to prove who you are is such a huge hassle and attempt to disenfranchise folks. So true, their motto always has been ""keep the masses from voting"". I live in Ohio and the Secretary Of State wanted to extend early voting and it was instantly challenged as an expensive waste to the taxpayers money by the Republican Senate. The ""show ID crap"" is another attempt at disenfranchising folks. They have to be stopped, we have to find a way...."
"But the the subreddit will explode if these posts continue! People are worried and in panic, just let it happen."
"Because when you read, you hear it in your head! Wait... how is this noisy?"
Tyrell = Elliot shet memeng nag-aantay lang talaga ako kung kelan magkakatuluyan sina Elliot at Tyrell
No that info on the black bars gives too much advantage. Overwatch won't give us true 21:9 support. Can we at least make the black pillars useful like this?
"They should just take the puck away so that way everyone wins! Toronto hockey parents not confident mandatory online ""Respect In Sports"" course will bring civility to the stands"
:) Maybe I should've added a Oh my goodness. I didn't pick up on it. I am so sorry :(
Sssssmmmooooooth. Best introduction EVER.
A dick measurement in centimeters is clearly the mark of a classy gentleman He has an enormous ... shower?
They're gonna have to deal with that Ghanaian fan in white face paint too. World Cup 2014: Fifa concerned by Germany fans in black make-up
Weak OBP mike hampton - 7hrs in 79 abs 344/355/582 in 2001 edit - also micah ownings in 2007 with a 333/349/683 in 60 abs
"What a bunch of dicks, running up the score in a blowout..! That is absolutely freaking hysterical, two teams winning in blowouts running hurry-up offenses to score more points to try and get into the playoffs."
"Yeah I'd sure hate for Allen to give away Frazier's defensive gameplan. This is such a poor way to look at it. I'm a skins fan. We are seeing the bears side of this right now with desean Jackson. It's fine if you don't want him anymore, but you shouldn't let him go to a rival, especially one you play twice a year. Sign him for a couple of years and trade him. Something other than that. Bears killed two birds with one stone. They don't have to play against Jared Allen anymore and they get his skill and ability plus his EXTENSIVE knowledge on the Vikings defense and offense. Eagles are even bigger idiots for just releasing jackson when they surely could've got something out of him. Now we get a pissed off Jackson who will play his heart out for at least two games of the year just to prove them wrong. Let alone the previously mentioned extensive knowledge of offense and defense."
Fuse 9 to unlock her sbb JP throws freebies quite often to players **BUT MY FUCKING LUCK IS NOT HELPING MY SUMMONS SO THOSE GEMS DON'T HELP** Sorry I am very salty over my **TEN CLAIRES**
"Downvoting cuz you mispeled crappy Crapy artist etches a skull into a frying pan, just for that dead pan karma"
"Yeah, it's such a tease. That ending was very strange. It just ended in what felt like the middle of a clip? No editing at all?"
"Shockingly, modern consumers reject the notion of returning to ""Gilded Era"" standards of food quality. New Poll Reveals North Carolina Voters Support Undercover Investigations, Oppose Ag-Gag Legislation"
hey guys look its an eclipse Steam island - Skylines
Yup that's exactly what happened Sounds like you sold the account and now want it back :P
"If Modi was PM, this would have never happened What happened to our '56-inch chest' guy?"
R. Kelly confirmed for the NX reveal. My mind is telling me no... but my body... my body is telling me yes!
"That's why you have to bring a few hits for lunch, and your 15! Dealt with one in the past. My favorite memory was of them disputing the hours in their paycheck, which after checking sign-in/out sheets proved to be correct. The complaint then became, ""I didn't show up late and then leave early every shift last month, someone must be faking my signature!"". Dickhead got fired a month later for screaming in my bosses face. Remember kids, if you show up to work stoned for a 8 hour shift, it will wear off and you'll become a grumpy asshole who will hate the job even more."
They probably will retire it one day since no one seems to be commenting on it. Fix Gatherer
You mean like how conservatives drift in a certain direction? This is probably why they don't like to talk to him in general. Id bet conversations tend to drift in a certain direction.
"Heh, if only we lived in a democracy Quinnipiac University Poll: 62% of likely voters, 85% of millennials say Gary Johnson should be included in the debates"
"No, they were paying for the ""Cheney Brand"" because *anyone* can spew nonsense, but when a Cheney does it people *listen* because Cheney's are *serious people*. That's quite a lot of income for speaking out against devoted loving long-term relationships like her sister's. Any ignorant deluded mouthpiece could spew nonsense about Obama, so clearly that wasn't what Fox was paying for."
"Is it ok if we start banning the ""Is it okay if we start banning the 'is it ok if we ban' the 'is it ok' posts""? Is it okay if we start banning the ""is it okay if we ban"" the ""is it okay"" posts? And just to help out the next person: Is it okay if we start banning the ""is it okay if we ban"" the ""is it okay if we ban the is it okay posts?"" Feel free to continue, but honestly, I am starting to get a little confused myself."
"Gotta protect those creeper peepers, amirite? So he's super enthusiastic when you say you'll kick him in the face.. but backs out when he realizes it might hurt. Real smart, that one."
"Its k though cos there onli young cant just expect kidz to not be azzholes. It's the same shit with k0u, if they're going to act like kids, they're probably not emotionally ready to be on a professional team."
"I bet ""he"" is left handed, since you know so much... He's left handed"
Its not like that pick paid off for us or anything... Sounds like good payback for Dez to me.
"Of course not, and of course I would be so relieved to know he isn't gay because being gay is somehow bad. Yes, at least you know that. If there's any one fact I need to know about my biological father, it's that he's not gay! *cough* I mean there isn't really much else to one's personality, is there?"
This is still better than letting Ajoa take her shower [Biahno Tragedy WHYYYYYYYYYYY] Except for the accidental ones like the helicopter and the three wrothians. I felt too guilty after killing them :c
"Yeah, Cesaro would be just as big as Austin or Cena with proper booking Yes, good booking."
Bitter much. This poopsicle had nothing better to do today other than bingo a YT beauty guru.
I dunno...I kind of miss the knowledge and wisdom that Poulin and Loiselle had Dubas in the media Can we touch for a moment on how refreshing it is to see this guy talking to the media and how well spoken and positive he is. You get the sense that he knows how to get his message out there and doesn't feel the need to fall back to a cliche hockey phrase every few minutes. I truly hope he is here for a very very long time and becomes the management face of this team.
"Should only have to be 20 to drink there, the drinks seem to be less alcoholic than advertised... Vertical ID Issues at Century Link Concession Stands I was at the Taylor Swift concert at Century Link tonight. I got denied from buying a beer because of my vertical ID, despite being 21. I was wondering if anyone else has had trouble buying alcohol from concession stands with a vertical ID. Is this just a Century Link thing? It's never happened to me before."
"that's why you pronounce it ""squirrel"" This ts the danger of calling it 'sequel' instead of ""S.Q.L"" - One more syllable and you don't send your new hires on a headlight-fluid style task."
"Wouldn't it be nice if we lived in a world where criminals gave up their guns for a pizza? TIL Due to enduring 'another violent summer' in 2016, the owner of D&amp;C Pizza in Indianapolis is trying to reduce crime by giving a free extra-large-pizza to anyone who turns in a gun - no question asked."
Yeah i will just buy parts with the money i get with the job i have Upgrade your rig bby
"Come on, man, it's not all bad, you get food and stuff, and you won't get killed... I'm not sure I'm comfortable with a pro-slavery leader."
It's not piracy if the developer gives you the key ;) Honest pirate! It's not the piracy. It's his stupidity in asking the developers themselves for a pirated copy.
"No no no Drew should stop trying to out score the points our defense gives up *every single game* he should stop being a filthy stat padder. Why wouldn't you throw it with a future HOF quarterback at the helm, and a lackluster run game that does nothing to compliment him?"
But a bridge can be used by the CCP to send tourists and tanks to take over HK. HK-mainlander parallel universe: Can it be bridged?
"Cause if I were going to pick one candidate to shoot harambe and one to protect him, this is exactly the way I would see it playing out. What in the living fuck is this?"
"Its so inhumane to spray people opposed to physically prying people apart against their will (while they are all interlocked). I really don't understand this. I feel like people are entirely ignorant of the situation. When a group of people encircle the cops and yell ""we'll let you go when you release the people you've arrested"", you better believe you are going to get pepper sprayed."
"The law has a well known liberal bias. The **D** in **D**.Ariz stands for District not Democrat. Judges are not listed by political affiliation, either that or every single federal judge in the entire the country is a Democrat"
"Teach them to play video games then, goddammit. you underestimate the amount of time the elderly have on their hands"
"I suppose they could always unionize like the NFL/NBA, nothing ever goes wrong with that right? So clubs can take even more advantage of players ? Fuck off."
"Thanks for the great post, great insight on the world of wrestling How much slutch does MadManAmbrose eat?"
"but but but... liberating... and exhibitionism. ""Are you that desperate for attention"" I think the answer to that is hell the fuck yes, and they prove it over and over and over again."
"Denying this is both sexist against women and islamophobic. When you start comparing your cushy college life to ISIS, there's a fucking problem with the way you view the fucking world."
Having a top post on reddit with a picture of rematch happening tells you a lot of how useful it is. Have you guys ever gotten a rematch?
"Naw, I'm sure that's just a coincidence. I think I found the inspiration for the kindergarten"
"But a fish isn't an animal Similarly, when I tell people I'm vegetarian and they ask if I eat fish..."
"Yeah that really indicates that her mother has a high level of control over her, doesn't it. Good luck man. My biggest worry is she'll be 15 and pregnant. My wife and I just found out that she had been sneaking out of her moms house at 130 in the am to go see an 18 year old man. That's really how all this started. Then it kind of spiraled out of control."
"Spit Out The Bone Which song disappointed you in HTSD? First of all, i loved the album and all songs in it but there is one song that really disappointed me, not because it is bad but because it was completely different than i was expecting: Murder One. Why? When they said that was going to be a tribute to Lemmy, i was expecting they going full Motorhead: a catchy, speedy and rock anthem but to be honest, i thought that the song was a little melancholic but still a very good song."
"Throw in a Winston shield and some kind of Genji deflect ability too, that'll make him almost underpowered but at least viable. the last thing bastion needs is mobility in turret mode"
"Yes, I'm sure tons of women would go out on the town and enjoy nightlife when there's no men around to see them The parentheses just show how close minded."
"Guys don't worry, this is actually labors fault for not using Abbott approved Direct Action ^^TM and put up a couple of solar panels in their backyard Emissions from energy generation jump most in eight years after carbon price axed."
"Why knew dear Abby was a rape supporting misogynist who thinks that men should be able to get away with rape by just blaming it on a ""Breakdown in communications? Dear Abby infuriates feminists for not pretending like this was rape"
"when you're global, you can't have a bad day, you're either perfect or a boosted shit The elitism on this sub is far and away the worst thing about it."
This kills the tree. We're doing knives and trees now??
"So, Donald Trump then? The sword coming out of his mouth striking down nations should be a dead giveaway. (Rev.19:15)"
Gus isn't a true champion.. Didn't do what it takes And a little more steroids in Gus.
"Well at least replacing the zendikar fetches should be cheap! Well, the unthinkable happened So last night I came home from a modern event, left my cards in my car, locked it, and went to bed. This morning I woke up and found that my car had been broken into and my cards were gone. I had three pretty decent commander decks and my modern deck in there. This is such a weird feeling, knowing that I'll probably never see them again. I feel like I lost a pet or something. I just don't really know what to do."
"Yeah, it's almost like programming a game is hard or something I feel like its blizzard just being stupid with consistency. Im sure if it gets sapprd to hand it costs full mana too."
"Yes, and we should privatize those! Anti-taxes terrifies me. Do you like public roadways, libraries, parks, national forests, schools, fire and rescue and police?"
It's almost as the NFL has no idea about their fan base I love you guys so much for having this conversation. First time I saw that commercial I just SHOOK MY HEAD.
"yeah, he might just *stop wanting sex, ever, for the rest of his life* great advice Show him this post you just wrote, see if he changes."
"Are vaccinations also bad for your dogs? barkingllama, because some people are actually responsible pet owners who haven't bought into the eugenics crap that you have. The Physical and Psychological problems that are brought on by castration, along with the net increase in health risks is utterly unacceptable."
"Check your facts, this is from Australia mate. Calm down, it's a joke not a peer reviewed 8 page essay about racism in America."
IVE NOT SEEN THIS BEFORE Since we're talking about sockets...Socket to me!
Smith and Wesson can solve that. At least you can delete items in your history. I wish I could delete the visuals from my brain.
Pls die of heart heart STOP THE VEGANS
"You want my social while where at it? Without sounding corny, I dare ask your sign for analytical reasons."
Classy Former Blackpool defender Ian Evatt's instagram post about Paul Ince
"Yet, you answer me on reddit... good luck with that! I have completely given up technology of any kind."
"Wow this was so much fun, see you next year when Tom Brady will supposedly be traded to the Texans. 2015 NFL Trade Deadline Transactions Thread"
"Yes, that's the only possible conclusion. It's because men are smarter than women."
"I totally agree, furthermore we should group this deceitful people all together in some place, like a concentration camp! New liberal group aims to stop men of a certain colour to run for office"
"Those who can't play, teach. An absurd number of Ohio and Pennsylvania inductees. Also Tennessee; can someone from the south fill me in on why Tennessee is such a hotbed for elite coaches?"
"Yea but what rights and changes to legislatures have gay people ever accomplished through these efforts? I live in the San Francisco bay area. I have not one time in my entire life been interrupted or inconvenienced in any way by the gay movement, and there have been literally thousands of peaceful protests. Meanwhile I've been late to work twice, had my car vandalized, and friends businesses put in jeopardy all in the last year from the BLM movement."
Finally releasing the PC version on console! E3 2016: Bethesda Press Conference
Politicians are well known for following through on their promises. He's going to significantly reduce my student loans is what he said last night.
Everyone knows that Russians and Spaniards have *exactly* the same culture! Because whites have one culture
"I can understand seeing as you watch Arminia Bielefled who plays such a high level. Yeah, Japan was the highlight of that cup in every regard. But it was so bad sports-wise. I've always been an advocate of women's soccer and both my daughters are into it and that is great. But watching it on the big screen is - straight and simple - painful."
I don't think that's true... That guy is almost for sure a booster.
Wait you're supposed to report those Servers almost always underreport cash tips to some extent.
"Hey man, why you shit talking one of the greatest offensive minds in football of all time? He needs to adopt a diet that's as conservative as McCarthy's 4th quarter play calling."
"Did VTPD's budget just get cut by any chance? Man that's no good, I always used to go around 45 anyways, there's nothing but fields around there I see no point for this."
"Yeah, I'm sure it swam up his butt all by itself. Nothing like a eel swimming up your ass to make for am embarrassing work story"
But you can just use the GPU in the monitor! I regret introducing my friend to pc gaming
Good thing is not that far from me or anything No they're not - there's two in Kuala Lumpur!
Hahaha thats something.... She must be getting close now Some guy that shared it donated $5...
"its upside down. Made my scout in SFM. First poster I've made, any tips?"
So getting exposed to germs causes autism? This is how most vaccination works Btw
"As expected, this thread was full of novel insight What pisses you off the most at the cinema?"
Nah he mist be a pedophile coming to steal all of our children Why? Wouldn't you just assume he's a dad?
At first I thought he had a speech impediment but then I realized he was British. Actually not too bad for a kid. Stand up is 100% a man's game so that's quite impressive at his age. Give him a few years and if he can demonstrate a range of jokes past just cerebral palsy he could make a career out of it.
"Nice strawman! Ah, this proves it. Clearly everyone who disagrees with you has a mental illness and should be institutionalized."
Well yeah asking the important questions here
"Yeah, a single mother accepting help from her father in law SUREE sounds manipulative. That was before any of this. Her and Mike never had a great relationship to begin with, now shes manipulating him. Try to keep up"
"Oh man, size queens sound like a huge problem. Hiding you penis when you wear pants that fit to work. Having your penis hit the water or porcelain when you sit o the toilet. Having girls look horrified when they see what you're hoping to put in them. and other the other side... size queens that ONLY want to sleep with you because you're big. I'm sure there are more, but these are all common themes that pop up."
Well whoever went could ONLY be backstage until 6am cause after that is when the real party started. My mom just found this backstage pass in a shoebox in the attic (1975)
Bruh how am gonna align my chakras without my hetti gear Hell no . leave all that rave gear at home
"What, because she's a girl? Supergirl."
"Look at that stance, very weak, I bet he couldn't hit for shit. Has anyone heard of this Bob guy?"
"6'10"" Rondo with worse passing Ben Simmons comparison Look we've all seen all the videos of Simmons's dimes during summer league, but in my mind he compares perfectly to Giannis Antetokounpo. He is 6'10, Giannis is 6'11. Both are great passers They will both presumably be their teams ""point guards"" this year. Both also have VERY shaky jump shots. Simmons and the Greek freak both score best by getting to the basket. They both rebound like a power forward. And they are both above average defenders. Who else sees this comparison?"
"At least we didn't boo them as they came in :D wonder if that had anything to do with it MSG crowd chants TSM:""Well it's just a tradition at this point it has to happen you know?"" Chicago Theatre chants TSM:""You know I'm pretty sure this is the worst crowd ever, they keep chanting TSM and the team isn't even there, psycho levels of nationalism."" Yeah I don't see anything off about that at all."
"Guess it's time to blind everybody, then Looks matter."
"No worry, first team will play against Juventus and the reserve team in Europe Qualifying rd game Will the OS be ready for us to play? I'm seeing on twitter that the scheduling is a little screwed up now in regards to OS being ready and our game with Juventus. Anyone know more?"
"Yes and never mind that Christians drink *while in church*, they also happen to have the least drunk countries in the world... Huckabee compares gay marriage to drinking, swearing"
"Uh obviously because they know not to attack Alabama for this very reason... Has this ever happened? I keep seeing this hypothetical, but I can't recall ever reading an article about a crazy gunman being group-obliterated by random civilians."
"Because if we liked communicating with people we wouldn't be sinking time in game hidden behind virtual avatars. Why does the community hate voice? So, why does the community hate voice so much? Sure, does it take an extra little step to get logged into voice? Sure. Are there a plethora of choices that each raid has? Sure. Voice promotes communication and communication means better raids. Unless you have a pretty decent group (which is rare) you're going to fail on the harder bosses. So, my question is, ""Why does the community hate voice so much?"""
He was probably riding a trek When your bike breaks in half...
Wouldn't always running up the middle be predictable? ITT: MM and team should watch Eddie Lacy runs in 2014 and realize that a nice run up the middle will deliver results. Tossing will not work. Need to stop being so damn predictable.
"Passive aggression is what you get for fighting the war against Christmas, you heathen. I always say 'Happy Holidays' around both black friday and christmas, never had anybody blow up at me, they'd usually just make a face and say *""Merry Christmas.""* really aggressively, or like they were correcting me."
"No, obviously Snapchat made her do it. Yeah, if it weren't for the filter, she'd probably just take a picture of her speedometer, as idiots have been doing for ages."
"Right, he was clearly asking those questions out of a desire for intellectual gain. You are on the internet; look it up."
"superwholockian: Omg stop judging my interests, cis male! Same with Supernatural."
"Yeah everyone knows people who only speak Spanish also know people who speak English and talk about politics I hope this isn't needed, but just in case ^ A Spanish-only speaking Democrat who's informed enough to caucus and informed enough to know that a Bernie-supporting nurse union wears red shirts, yet has never seen Hillary's campaign logo. Is that the scenario you're painting? How likely do you think that is?"
"Forgot the The economy is being propped up by artificially-low interest rates. If you believe this economy is legit, you should look a little closer. They have to raise those interest rates sooner or later, and look out when they do."
"Nah... I don't see jack black anywhere So, King Kong?"
Invest in a better connection? What's the move here?
"Hey man, flashing teammates just makes them work that much harder Flashing teammates doesn't count."
"yeah anyone can do that I agree Bjergsen is a great midlaner and stuff, but in that scenario, every good Lissandra/League player would have done the exact same thing honestly. It does help when the enemy is literally sitting on each other, too."
"Im shocked they made a video during vacations, huge props for them G2 Esports: Perseverance - Teaser"
"obviously because he gets carried every game even though he brings nothing to his team EE is bad how is he still a pro player, only in two grand finals so far since shuffle..."
"Brought a plane, no money left for a 1080 Yes, I bought one in the US while I was there, now taking it back to The Netherlands."
I thought Trump was supposed to bring an end to all of this pussy PC culture? West Virginia official who called 'Michelle Obama an 'Ape in Heels' fired following outcry
Because it is. Why does saboteur look like a demon?
Isis haven't gotten a skin in 2 years even though she got two but they don't count cuz I don't like them We need a new Isis Skin Isis is a god who has been around for a VERY LONG time in Smite and yet she basically has one skin. Her tier 2 don't count since it is TRASH and shadow does not count. I mean a proper skin. I hope she gets one soon and also a rework like Freya.
"But you're doing something you love, so you're not even working each day! I did that over 20 years ago. Haven't had a vacation, weekend or even a holiday day ever since."
"Who needs CBs when the QB will only have 2 seconds to throw the ball. Cornerback. We are switching to press man coverage and don't have enough big phyical cb's that can jam receivers and run with them. Chavis's scheme fits our DB coach better, and anything is better than playing CB's 10 yds off the line of scrimmage on 3rd and 5."
That means... Alpha Centauri? 1 AU from this one yellow star.
"hey, he spent money, therefore it is his RIGHT to get exactly what he wants from the game boy, I sure feel awful for you, it must suck to get 2 nat 5's and not 3."
"Assassin type of champion against Kayle sounds like a great idea. Expected better... I don't know why gambit likes lulu so much, I much rather have Alex play offensive, assassin type of champions. And Lulu is good in the start, but she scales off hard. idk why they prioritize her so much. It will cost them the match"
"But you do cartwheels on the hands and the arms remains attached duh! yeah they keep repeating the cartwheel thing, even in the chyron, and meanwhile here I am staring at a plane with its wings still attached."
"get outta here with that logic! What they should do is make normal lobbies based on connection based, and ranked play based on SBMM."
"I, for one, am shocked Amy Schumer accused of stealing jokes from 3 female comics she used to open for. : entertainment"
"Told I shouldn't talk and that I'm trash after smashing a kid 14/3 What is the best BM you've ever heard? Ill start. I believe my best one was when I was playing Wukong one game and we had a Maokai toplane who was doing well so I was camping him and not ganking anywhere else pretty much. Our adc got really upset about that and kept spam pinging me etc. Finally he said ""Fucking monkey only gank toplane cause monkeys live in trees."" That shit fucking killed me lol. Anyone else have any good stories like that?"
"Sorry dude but, it's not gaming unless you're handicapping yourself I tried brothers, they just don't understand sometimes"
This is a purely anti-feminism thread and saying otherwise is closed minded. Pretty sweeping generalisation.
That's not a very nice thing to say to a small breasted girl Very nice I hope there's more
All the bad people who want to break the unity of 1 Malaysia Sorry but which people do you refer to?
Remember guys leftists hate guns he's clearly a republican Fidel Castro Executing Political Opponent
Jesus would like a word with you. If there's *one* person in the world who could come back from the dead my bet's on Bowie.
"Yeah that's probably why professional swimmers who want to go fast don't use their arms and go all leg powered the thing that makes me think again about these gloves is that when i want to swim fast, i stop using my arms, reducing drag, and go all leg powered. These gloves would make paddling easier, but you only do that in a (public) pool and who wants to be seen with these on then?"
Short games That's even worse
we're clearly too stupid to have freedumbs I love how they riot that Trump is a fascist because he wants to restore individual and state freedoms. Fucking absolute morons.
No the eye can't see above 24 fps anyway Did it hurt your eyes?
"Also that is just the default setting for Eastern European and Slavic girls. I live in a city with a lot of Russian expats, and many of them are uni-aged girls. They walk around in public with a permanent scowl of total disdain and unfriendliness and I reckon they have little choice in the matter, it's really their only defense against this kind of shit. Even then, you can't meet a girl that's been here more than a week that doesn't have horror stories about taxi drivers and other strangers like that totally creeping on them."
Because having hope a movie is going to be good is totally comparable to denying cientific facts. People who are still trying to defend DC movies remind me of flat-earth societies.
A complete unreasonable request. Hillary Clinton campaign wants debate moderator to correct any lies
Vaporwave What genre are you all into producing at the moment? My mood has been taking me into some old school house music recently
The Cowboys are so good that they have the 2 best players on one team lmao how do you put 2 guys that are on the same damn team. That invalidates any bit of legitimacy you have
She's fighting her own war on Christmas. Fat retard in Kentucky racially harasses Hispanic women at JC Penny
Yeah we need to thin out their ranks. Is no season but Goliath grouper have been protected so long that they are everywhere and overrunning some reefs eating all the smaller fish. There was talk of opening a season on them. It needs to be done. They get huge and can be really dangerous. I have had them try and take fish from me when I am diving
Her religious views fascinate me. So I was a student teacher the past semester. One of my students added me on Facebook and this is her info. Sigh.
"That's exactly what they *want* you think! While it is an ad, I do not believe OP of this thread is a shill for the movie industry. Not everything is a conspiracy."
"Oh sure, you would like to throw me under the bus. I wasn't going to roll you under the bus. It didn't matter who did it."
that's how you keep them from lobbying just employ them! So Trump's plan for getting rid of lobbyist is filling his cabinet with lobbyist?
"The bible is evidence For the record, there is no evidence that Jews were ever held en mass at any point in Egyptian history."
"Yes, a fake pixel dude looks better than me But I bet he looks better than you. :)"
"Well thankfully all guns are banned in post offices. Not me, but a girl on my Facebook worked for the postal service in my town. She posted on Facebook how she wanted to slit her bosses throat and went into some gory details. Then, about 5 hours later, she posted another status about how the Feds showed up at her house and that one of her coworkers had showed her boss the status and she was now fired. She's obviously really dumb and trashy."
"Damn, knew they were out to get Murph It's not calculated, it's just randomly made up by scheming jerks to make your team's favorite scrappy player look bad"
"But Ontario is Canada. In Ontario, alberta has like 5%."
Just do one upvote and one downvote I'm morally split now!
"It totally does man my friend got a gjallarhorn the first time we didn't open it I'm in agreement, just trying to correct a partially incorrect statement. Everything that isn't a weapon continues to gain damage, for instance, a 34 does 7% more damage to HM Crota per sword smash than a 33. This rarely matters, but it means that the statement ""you don't do any extra damage once at or above enemy level"" isn't technically correct, and I try to correct these kind of errors whenever possible. I've had carried players insist I skip the Spirit Bloom chest because they ""heard it kills your chance for exotics""."
what amazing deals! (Australia) Target having a massive sale for games this weekend! What are you picking up?
well isn't that a coincidence. This movie is going to make buckets more now.
"best include more teams in the end of season finals wouldn't won't these teams to miss out With the way things are going in the EU Pro League, the LAN final might not have Astralis, Fnatic, Envy, Virtus pro and Heroic."
"Ghosts was so much fun. We already have laughable ""recoil"", now people are complaining about flinching when you get hit with a bullet? Why don't we all just shoot perfectly accurate laser beams so COD can become even more point-click-repeat."
"Nah you'll be fine 98 Dodge Dakota Sport here. Paid $2000 for it, and almost $1500 to replace some key things. Still need to get the AC done, and in AZ."
"Nope, its YOUR fault that people are frightened sheep who overreact to everything. Why would they apologize? I think to casino should be the ones apologizing."
"Yeah, attack a local instead, much more traditional. Basically, stop attacking foreigners you pricks."
"I bet FPI would favor us vs Northwestern @ USC by 10 vs. UCLA by whatever ungodly amount we thumped them by Now you might argue that USC isn't an impressive win, but much like you make an argument for Northwestern being a decent one, I think Utah can vouch for how difficult playing the Trojans is."
"DUDE, STOP GIVING THEM OUR SECRETS!1!1!1!1!2!2 You like fry sauce."
The technology just isn't there yet... tr server get na eu notifications.
"Then how come all convenience store owners are Indian? False. Majority of Koreans that came to America or Canada came because of the Asian financial crisis in the 90's. We all went broke, had to move to North America for an opportunity, and ended up opening convenience stores."
Getting into a huge battle against other players in a central hub solar system in which loads of people are warping in at the same time and are all destroying a whole planet. 100 ways to die!
"he confirmed that he is dead , dead people cant get tired Ishida seems to have way more free time than any other artists the re draw of book 1.He draws fan images of his characters almost everyweek, drew a HxH doujin, Compare to other artist like Kubo and how rushed they are."
If only crossbows were registered 3 dead after crossbow attack in Toronto
They'll be sure not to bias towards Activision/Blizzard titles. MLG sells substantially all assets to Activision-Blizzard for $46 million
I hope you missed your you're*
"Yes, let's belittle the victim instead of the fucking predator, that's a fine idea. 18 year old man caught with 13 year old girl he met on Facebook. ""Finding out your daughter is a whore: priceless"""
If so I'm sure it went well. Andrea Mitchell Just Said Obama Call to Sanders Was To Tell Him To Drop Out 8:51 PM EST MSNBC
Classic cop. Oh. I'm illiterate
Nice 'trolling'! KIDS TROLLED on Black Ops 2 Zombies!
"Will do! You have to hold your radio upside down, so the wave polarization matches."
look how big his exhaust pipe is...he must have a big penis Well are you?
"Yeah, because evolution is a scheme concocted by ""Athiest scientists"" trying to ""take god out of schools"" This is basically how it used to be. It worked fine."
"it's also a play on Business/Basketball Intelligence, cause he's always making the right plays. Ingram's nickname is ""B.I.""?? That's literally just his initials, there's gotta be something better - Sleepy B? Magnum B.I.? Spider-brand? X-Wing? (his middle name is Xavier)"
But that was obviously where you wanted it to go. PLEASE FIX WALLBREAKERS
HES A PHONY Except he didn't -- he only helped popularize it. Mike Brown from Caltech killed Pluto.
"Funny, because I get annoyed at atheists! Be Christian"
You're CLEARLY just insensitive to the wellbeing of our planet. Didn't realize a once in a lifetime romantic gesture is considered a waste.
"I don't know about you, but it's an instant ^^^underaged panty dropper! Do nasty men really think that calling women sluts is going to make us want them?"
Yeah he totally deserved to get death threats from bigoted right wing extremists and supremacists Tim dug his own grave to be honest. Props to Eric
"Well, ya know, it's not like he had a HOF RB back there or something Pretty sure I heard stories about the Rams players begging him to run the ball more in SB 36 but he chose to stick to the game plan."
You mean I can't just copy paste sine of that html mumbo jumbo like I did for my MySpace layout? They probably simply like video games but have no clue how they work and think games are made with magic. I got a guy in my web design class who is clearly not a web designer. He is going for some business degree but took web design cause it sounded fun. First couple weeks in class he freaked out when he saw how much coding goes into websites.
Selective memory recall is required at the MTSO Framing shop! Lenk testimony day 8 So just a small tidbit I found. Day 8 page 112 I believe. Lenk testifies that he has been in avery's trailer on numerous occasions both in the living room and bedroom. Kratz asks if he knows if Steven has a police scanner. Lenk says he doesn't know and then exhibit 217 is entered into evidence. A photo of Stevens bars held with a scanner and a speaker for said scanner. Lenk immediately states that he thinks it's a scanner. Now is Lenk blind as a bat when he says he doesn't know if steven has a scanner? Is he being deceitful? Or is his memory/recollection failing him? It might not be a big deal but does it call into question what he can recall/the truth?
Well that was helpful. This is some bullshit. Fuck this nonsense.
"No I think his 100% amnesty plan will go down really well with Republican voters I've done a complete 180 on this guy in the last week, he's getting desperate and it's showing, he's making a complete fool of himself. Just drop out already"
Not with his foot acting up! Was Sammy going to throw himself the ball?
we weren't even focusing on the cup anyways J. Lens scores against Manchester United (2-0)
"Woah woah woah, are you implying that we would have lost to Ohio State in a rematch that we took to overtime in a home night game? We would have had a chance to win the conference. I'm happy to be in the playoff, but I like B1G championships too."
"Yeah...uh-huh...and I'm supremely rich and beautiful. My favorite ""she regressed on everything she knew"". Your one year old did that, eh? Mkay."
Looks like Michigan needs some FREEDOM! Most Commonly Spoken Language Other than English or Spanish by State via Slate
"Because you helped the brotherhood dominate the wasteland? I finished the main quest, and the brotherhood quests are not there. I guess you can assume why"
"Maybe I should tag everything I post as [OPINION] Matter of opinion, some of us like the bigger screen."
"But... but... I might need those bullets! Honestly it may sound stupid to you, but I've seen MANY people who reload 8 bullets into their galil in a clutch situation...(ofc they are silver)"
Welcome to atheism. I am not sure of this thrust of your point.
"Obviously, this is proof of the patriarchy... Michigan cop buys car seat for struggling dad instead of issuing a ticket"
"Not only this, no one will be paid, if we are not required to pay them under our current understanding and handling of ""intellectual property."" No one will create music, or videos or games if they're not being paid to do so?"
"Oh yeah, we had all our starters for that game... Good when healthy? Is that why the Lions destroyed us in week 1? I don't see how anyone can think that allowing 30+ points in *every* game so far makes our defense good. Turnovers are great, but so is keeping the opposing team out of the endzone. Our defensive struggles began long before Cook and Sanford were injured."
"Nah, their p90 game was tight NIP looked completely outclassed in every definable aspect of the game."
Is that Rocket Raccoon for the Rockets? I drew the Western Conference
"Remember, it's not racist if it's a positive stereotype. When Asian rebel against the system"
"They've been doing such a smashing job of self policing up to this point, unquestionably due to the wonderful leadership of Blatter. Sepp Blatter Says FIFA Must Police Itself"
I hate you. I just got pa arcana from ranked game. The best drop ever. Thank god valve change their drop policy :D
"What an informative reply, thanks your being downvoted because you should have just voted and not left spam comments."
"Good thing we don't have multiple organs in our bodies to flush toxins out. That drinking certain tea/drinks cannot ""flush out the toxins"" in your body."
"yes, he will definitiley give the lebanese army some money. Definitely, something he will spend on the military setup too."
"Absolutely agree that the M8 should be banned, in fact, all AR's should be banned, they are difficult to beat when I have a shotgun at distance. Think of it this way.. The tac 45 is a one shot kill, dual weild increases your chances of ""one shotting"" someone. With reduced accuracy yes, but in close quarters you could outgun virtually anything. Dual weild also has built in fast mags, reloading at a much faster rate (Test on Executioner vs Dual Executioners without fast mags) We can say the Five Sevens wouldn't be bad, but keep in mind how many modded controller users abused the Fal.. I personally think the Kap 40 should be banned, and if I had a say in it I would get rid of the M8A1 and make it mandatory to turn off aim assist in league play.."
I also believed in a drug free Baltimore I believe
"And she killed Vince Foster, in the library, with the candlestick, too. Hillary Told Maid to Print Classified Info"
"No no no, you become one of the modt powerful man alive by being stupid and crazy. He's absolutely right."
"Obviously that's why people have stuck with the game so long. They are just playing a game, no other community says ""go easy on me please"" trial by fire, seriously. They aren't going in stomping, they are just playing the game."
"Its called Hightower, not Trytower dude These are the worst types of players in TF2. It's ridiculous."
"Ahh yes, the Tories are the ones who really know how things work, everyone else is an idiot. Tories are dealing with reality. The Liberals are not. Neither is the IMF, obviously."
"Steven seagall is a popular actor in Russia, coincidence? Steven Seagall Wants To Go After HRC For Treason"
"TIL Hebrews are Slavs Demographic map of the US made in 1903. Shows info on ""race"" (Slavic, Teutonic, Keltic, Iberic, Mongolic, ""other) and occupation (professional, merchant, skilled, farm, servants, laborer, other)"
"You have such well thought out, and important contributions. Main Causes for Tooth Bleaching"
"I'll make one for you, if you give me every single type of plush available. How hard was it to make one? ^^I ^^want ^^one ^^if ^^you ^^can't ^^tell"
"Don't forget those amazing sex tips Meh they are just trying to sell magazines by telling you what they want you to do, ima keep doing what i do. :D"
"Nah the NFL probably isn't spending the $100 it costs to send the test for deeper analysis While this is definitely true, any positive is being sent off to a lab to confirm exactly what it is. So if its anything else they'll know about it."
"good thing, too, because of all the female traffic this sub gets. yeah but we all know that hiding your face is just to be ~mysterious~ which girls think is cool"
Oh boy another pogo player Megamini - The pocket-sized high-res music player with a 15 hour battery life
"I really really really hope you forgot to write Um, no, I would say its derogatory. It dehumanizes straight people and reduces them to the status of farm animals. It also pigeon-holes all straight people who are childless, either by circumstance or choice. I"
"Yes, that makes it okay WHO THE FUCK CARES?! Cant you see that there is massive corruption in every large developed country?? They all have there hands in the cookie jar! They all spy!! This is nothing new, well maybe for the sheeple, but this has been going on for well over 50 years."
"Yeah, with my ASL underneath. I want an avatar next to my name."
*Evolved* i went to listen to stern when i hopped in my car today. 100 had nick cannon being interviewed. *switch to 101* beth was on talking about cats. made me lol how awful the choices were.
"You forgot If having a positive attitude wins games, why is North America one of the worst regions and is the most positive region, and Korea is the best region and is the most negative region? I blame children's sports movies."
"Well it's technically 5.5 GB Honestly, $2K for an i7 + 6GB 970 + 16GB DDR4 in a laptop with a decent display, that really ain't bad at all."
I'm pretty sure Napoleon said that. A wonderful quote from a wonderful person
I wonder if this factors into college rankings Another great day for Northeastern
Why listen to one of the parties involved when you could listen to idle speculation from people who don't even know them? A broken man...
dead. What the fuck kind of animal is 15.
"Well, you would just *love* the PS3/360 version. AHH the lack of AA and postprocessing... IT BURNS"
Who plays Hearthstone with a keyboard ? A machine has been created for playing Secret Paladin.
"Guess you better start spamming Buzzfeed and Zimbio quizzes then. MRW a Facebook ""friend"" comments that I only share articles that I think will make me look smart."
More attachments! You actually want ANOTHER modern Battlefield? What the fuck can they possibly add that makes it new??
"Double Krugs for blue side and gromp for purple... great..... Bot lane can go back to doing bot side jungle camps for fast level two If you do the gromp and the support backs away before it dies, the ADC gets instant level 2 if you do golems, you'll get level two on both players before the first wave dies and they can both be killed before a single creep dies in lane"
"Where as Hillary doesn't get attacked at all because republicans love her, right? If Bernie Sanders was the nominee we would have endless GOP attack ads of how he will turn this country into Venezuela with clips of him praising their government and Cuba."
"Not issues, features. Funny thing is PS3 had a assload of issues on Skyrim launch."
"""Pants up - Don't droop"" Welcome to Pennsylvania."
Grand theft auto V Which game is this?
"How dare you blaspheme against Yeungling! This coming from an outsider. Nothing personal, but unless you grew up here in this culture, you'll never have an understanding on how a lot of folks feel about the flag and why. It's not the huge racial issue that you think it's based on. Kind of like why no one here really understands the hype about Yeungling beer, which is somewhat of a holy grail in Pennsylvania and beyond. I'll take a local microbrew over that swill any day."
"Yeah, not nearly old enough to commit a crime HE WAS 16 YEARS OLD"
"It'll crash the rare market if that happens. A fix is supposedly until QA, but it's been a little while since I heard that."
Let's bone bby Holy crap our build are identical
"Nothing some very tricky Gerrymandering shouldn't be able to remedy! The confirmation bias is you're judging based on the people you know. What you need for the full picture are the people that are moving in, which you understandably wouldn't know yet. Hispanics are historically strongly democrat leaning. The future could of course change this at some point, but if current trends hold, there will be too many Hispanic immigrants in Texas for the rural and suburban Republican strongholds to hold them off for much longer."
"Job creators and capitalism, duh. Why is anyone getting paid that much for any job... that is ridiculous."
"Apparently never because you and me are literally the only people who can't keep track of which tab opened this other tab. Seriously, when are they going to add Tab Grouping? You know, for busy students, workers, people... Productivity anyone?"
"Nah, it's too tanky and offers too much value for 3 elixir, better decrease the health by 10%. Cannon needs a nerf? It's been fricking dead for several months"
And he was terrible after that There hasn't been a Moss since he left for Oakland
"Yes, let's totally force people to follow the religion we all follow, dress the way that we dress, eat the food we eat (which ironically contains cuisines from their countries)...that doesn't sound like the countries we're speaking out against at all! Whats wrong with assimilation?"
Everyone knows facts are the ugly truth. It's not an attack. It's a fact.
What about a Messi record breaker for going 4 appearances without a goal for the first time since May 2011? Another possibility of Ronaldo getting a Record Breaker this week?
"It helps poor people by making their landlords and bosses wealthier, motivating them to create more jobs. Generally, when libertarians say something will help poor people they mean it'll help poor people be screwed more."
"Yes, now everyone is happy. I'm from west coast, and I want to just stop by and say thanks"
Well we all know Native Americans aren't real people. Apparently the 99% of the Western Hemisphere didn't exist until 1776 or so.
"Wow, ruuude. Rule 6, you Fucking idiot."
"Yeah I'm so shocked, never seen it before from any team, no one has ever been overconfident before It's fucking shocking, isn't it? If Wenger is incapable of preparing his team mentally he should have someone to do it for him, FFS!"
"Because it's SLAUGHTER. Ok so they were banned from whaling in the Antarctic, and now they killed some whales off their North East Coast (either the North Pacific or the Sea of Okhotsk, NOT the Antarctic), please explain why they are in the wrong?"
"Having standards is racist, we should let minorities do whatever they want you bigot! So an ethnic minority that has refused to adopt the culture of its host nation is committing crimes. The only shame is that Britain hasn't expected the same standards of living from ethnic minorities as it does of the majority."
"but you cant play on the couch, amirite? Pc has 4k 60fps."
Didn't think I needed the I think he meant it sarcastically.
"They prefer the term ""differently abled"", you ableist shitlord You definitely need to stay away from Philly news website comments. It honestly makes YouTube high brow. It is pretty typical for comments to end up disabled from how bad it gets."
"remember, she's a woman so her husband is really in charge You're still saying she shouldn't be president because her husband had an affair. Fuck off, and shove your faux outrage up your ass."
Thanks that is really helpful Try using neatsfoot oil.
Well it was fun while it lasted GDT Calgary Flames at Tampa Bay Lightning I dunno what im doing but here's a GDT i guess.
"Nine 2 second goes doesnt count. i once had sex 9 times in a night, and 31 times in 5 days. just us and a hotel room. then, we went back to our lives. was most surreal."
"Well if you read one of the slightly previous posts, apparently Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is where the shiznit is at these days. What else would I like if I love Splatoon and haven't played a shooter since the N64 days?"
"If Naruto was a guy, his top yaoi partner would be Sasuke. If Naruto was a girl, she'd totally end up with Sasuke"
"Turns out, everything is terrorism now. Wait. Do we know this was a terrorist or just some wacko??"
"One person talks shit and you blame all of us Alright we get it, the Lakers are terrible and the Lakers fans are salty."
"Don't you know Islamists have the human right to live in UK? I can only take a guess at learn how to deport em, since every time the UK tries they end up still being here going through multi million court battle time after time because of the EU Human Rights conventions. Bullshit like ""right to have a family"", or ""maybe tortured when returned home"". Good on France anyway, hopefully it sets a benchmark."
Yah need a I know. I guess you didn't get the joke.
That'll teach those kids not to run around being poor anymore. Single mom of four making 17K per year has her food stamps cut by 96.8%
"""actually its not good its perfect "" Says the guy who forgot a comma. Other Asian-Americans can relate: ""Were you born here??? Your English is sooo good!"" Actually it's not good it's perfect."
"Hey guys, its ok, the free market will punish Nestle for the human rights abuses any time now. Please forget the baby killing! Yours, Nestle PR Team"
"Love you Pap &amp;lt;3 ""My mistake was doing that in the dugout in front of a camera."""
Opara would've stopped him... I love that goal just because of Collin's sudden realization he's in a footrace with a Jamaican.
Lol they are actually Obsidian wannabe Black Isle? INTERPLAY? Who are these Obsidian wannabe dickwads?
"I would formulate an argument against this, but you used bleacher report, which is the best possible source you could use for an article. Tim Tebow Not Fit for NFL, CFL, or Arena League, Unless..."
"Spoken like a true blasphemies. I just don't get how a man can become so alienated from his humanity to actually hate the image of a woman, and I am a pretty conservative, religious (christian) person. I've been married 21 years and have three beautiful daughters (a son too). I love the women in my life who give it meaning. I mean, women bear and nurture our children, and generally wield more influence over an individual's emotional and mental development than almost anything else. Any culture that disrespects and denigrates women is just supremely fucked."
Unpopular opinion Man I really am not a fan of Phil Simms
"Listen to your doctor's except when they questions your goddess status ""I had pregnancy complications because my doctor was a shitlord and also I'm diabetic"""
"Ugh, when will fatigue set in? Oh interesting, I didn't realize there were so many films about christian missionaries in 17th century Japan."
"Hey HotSh!t, Alex Jones called, he said your conspiracies are disgusting and obscene. HotshotGG Reaction to Riot bias against CLG"
yeah everyone is rooting some US style superhero to make everything right. Venezuela sounds like the perfect place for a Super Hero origin story.
Dorami sponsel Shloobda boo doowhaa!
It's a security inquiry.... not an investigation. Federal Bureau of Inconvenience
You forgot this Nice wallhack bro.
"Yes, because the planet we live on dying out within the next 100 years isn't a big enough antagonist. The insane astronaut was the bad guy, without him the movie would have no antagonist. No bag guy means shitty plot."
"Yeah, that lineup sucked ya only the pitcher kelly johnson tejada and murph"
"Yeah I'm sure he's talking about the .01% of whale farming that's necessary sustenance of indigenous peoples That's your opinion. But if you are given legal authority then your opinion shouldn't matter. You uphold the law, whether you agree with it or not. Nobody should hunt them? What about indigenous inuit? It is major part of their diet."
The real hero... Upvotes to the left! I'm so deep and full of angst.
Reddit: Pretty accepting of Republicans and people of faith. I've found that the hivemind doesn't have a solid stance on anything. They are driven by an ill informed hero complex so they will back the perceived oppressed or under dog no matter what.
This is just Bernie's propaganda machine working to make us believe that Maldonado is a bad driver and undeserving of a seat. F1 app puts Maldonado in 99th position for championship ranking
"Those fucking gays and their fishing, I tell ya h-wut. I like that the game is muted when I'm doing other shit. Fishing is gay enough without me having to select an option every time I fish. That's kind of why I made a thread asking if anyone knew an addon instead."
"Pff, gathering 10mil for charity is super easy, you just have to cheat like Athene does... How stupid are you? He DID NOT raise 10 million. He raises a few bucks and some mysterious entity 100.000x it."
"Yes, I definitely admit it: there would be no fewer Jews in the world than there are now had the Holocaust been allowed to continue. It isn't and you know it."
Teach the controversy! It was neat in sophomore year of high school?
"Whoa whoa whoa, reddit has moral limits now... Would have gone Gayco Malfag myself, maybe a little too harsh though"
You're racist It's funny because it's a Photoshopped picture of the same guy in different clothes. ... Right?
Yay ethnic cleansing! I didnt buy a soda stream for that reason.. That I do not support Israel as a state. so no money from me. Move Israel to usa... that can have twice as much space and do whatever they want..
Too much fear of AI might crop up out of that. And tell people it's Stephen Hawking.
Sometimes HR departments are given another HR department so they also have someone to hate. A human resources guy? What the fuck were they thinking? I've never met a head of HR that wasn't a slimy gladhanding fuckstick.
The pink lipstick really ties it all together. This is just too much colour for one person to handle.
The rules only apply to us normal peasants. What happens if a subreddit owner breaks reddits rules?
"it wouldn't have gotten so popular if it weren't for breaking bad That's true, that's true. Although I think meth is everywhere now."
Great aim. It's things like this that make Battlefield so much fun :D
You forgot your To be honest I think they're better off just skipping the rest of the saviours story and never mentioning it again.
So a guy can't check out the bikes while walking with his bolt cutters? Stopped a Bike Thief in SODO today. Check the pics!
Every new map is the worst map in Halo history. Wow. Tyrant is a new level of shit.
"Buncha fatasses I think it's closer to 5,000lbs. I remember reading they put on nearly 200lbs a day after birth."
"Yes, public schools are awesome. Yeah I've had experiences with this even though I was never homeschooled. Honestly from what I've seen, it should be illegal. At the least they should be sent to a regulated private institution. The homeschooling method does far too much damage academically and socially."
"Ohh yes circle broke is the place for honest open and truthfull discussions Do you really come to r/drama too try to discuss politics? You know theres a thread for this exact topic and its linked by the OP, maybe you should try positing this question there. Its ok dude, spread your wings and fly outside your safe space to a place where this is an appropriate topic. The worst that could happen is you get downvoted."
you dropped your Okay but Queen is obviously about me I'm just saying-
"Hey, nothing can't be worse than Superior Spider-Man, right? Actually, a version with a 3rd origin story IS going forward. Entertainment Tonight: ""In this version of Spider-Man's origin story, updated for modern audiences, Uncle Ben and Aunt May are disaffected hipsters in their early 40s. Spider-Man obtains his powers from a bout of the super spider-measles, contracted because Aunt May thinks vaccines cause autism and 'just doesn't believe in them.' In this version, Uncle Ben's death will be directly caused by Peter himself as he crashes the family Prius during a driving lesson because he looks down to answer a text from Mary Jane."" Tagline: ""With great power comes great liability...wear a helmet."""
"They should take me to the Euros, I've not played much in the prem this year, but trust me if I did, I'd be Messi. First off you can't really judge Gibbs over the last two years when he's barely played, and I don't think I am underrating Rose at all. I never said he was bad, or that he hadn't performed well, I just think he's very limited technically and also struggles a lot when isolated one on one. He plays well when in an organised defence and his final delivery is fairly good but he's beaten by players far more frequently than Gibbs and his passing really isn't that great."
"but guise, barch is ded 8 million from 1 hour of boosted barching in G3"
"Pah, just like blizzard to make us kill a Pve mob for a Pvp item! Did no one tell the PVPers about the bootarang?"
At least now we know who to cheer for next season. Wtf spoilers I was waiting for that article to finish downloading.
"What could possibly go wrong? I have a friend who used to work in a foreign affairs position who told me this, and there is a West Wing quote which says something similar. ""Is the only end to this either the US flag flying over Mecca or what is the burnt remains of Mecca and everyone who rushed to defend it? "" I tend not to go that far, but gravitate along a similar line of thinking. The people in the Arab Islamic world are like pit bulls. Wahabbists are pit bulls with rabies. If you don't want to put them down, you have to chain them up. The solution is brutal dictatorships. The way these people think and behave is completely incompatible with any form of democracy. I see Saudi Arabia as the ideal model for the Middle East. All leadership positions are held by the royal family, making starting a revolution incredibly difficult. Beheading swiftly follows plans to overthrow the government with an even more Islamic one. Egypt under Sisi is also a good model, but in my view less stable as it is a single individual and not a powerful ruling family. Once Sisi dies, there is no clear line of succession. He also has far fewer people he can trust to put into positions of power. This is what led to the undoing of Assad. Key people defected, destabilizing the country and making it difficult for the secret police to do their job. I think we return the Middle East and North Africa to its last stable configuration. Find some Western educated despots for Libya and Iraq, join the Russians in blowing away anyone who opposes Assad, give the Kurds their own nation within Iraq, but make it clear that they get bombed if they flinch the wrong way, have the CIA and NSA assist in setting up intelligence services to spy on the people of these countries, and then provide them with the tools and weapons needed to maintain control of their nations."
"^ I found the scientists. Its mental illness. Dude has a Y chromosome, that makes you a dude."
Who? Who doesn't know Steve Jobs?
"Going by the profile pic, it probably is a fake ninja account Source: Am actual ninja Healing powers, m'lady"
"Yeah man salary cap is unconstitutional. With the recent discussions on NBA players going to make a lot more money due to the increase in salary cap, do you honestly think most NFL players are underpaid? I was wondering this since NFL players careers are a lot shorter and have much bigger injury risk and of course less guaranteed money. Unless you're a QB or a stud Defensive player, you aren't going to make as much money as say an NBA player who is above average. NFL players have been pretty vocal about this issue too since the Football is arguably the most popular sport in America right now. Duke Ihenacho and Odell Beckham Jr. feel that they NFL players are definitely underpaid because they get nowhere near the guaranteed money that an NBA player would. What are your thoughts?"
Moon What's a movie that you love and almost nobody knows it? What movie is it? What is it about?
"Pretty sure he was after his brother, Jonathan. You know the Benteke Klopp wanted to sign last year"
"It's the rich peoples fault for using their earned income to extend their lifespan and rub it in our faces and it's junk food's fault for getting me hopelessly addicted and contributing to my ""beautiful"" body size. So is this the rich's fault or are Doritos/Lays/Pringles to blame?"
"because telling him he is an idiot will definitely help the teams morale and make that guy suddenly realise how to correctly play the game Well, if you engage 1v5 then you are an idiot. Like, this isn't your first time playing the game, and even if it is how can you think that engaging 1v5 is a good idea. You cannot expect people to stay clam when they are intentionally trying to throw or lose the game. And you can't tell me that engaging 1v5 can be an honest mistake, like what you haven't looked at your screen and map for the past 30 seconds to realise that your teammates aren't there? In your example it is pretty obvious that they shouldn't engage 1v5 for obvious reasons and if someone fails to understand as to why how are you still alive with such a low IQ. Engaging 1v5 being a mistake and not being intentional is like forgetting how to breathe. You all keep saying that you should explain everything and not make an agressive comment like you have mentioned, but imagine you are in a workplace and you working on team project and someone makes a ""mistake"" that is as big as engaging 1v5 which will destroy their whole project resulting in them having to start over again, do you think your teammates that are also working on the project or your boss will be calm and say ""its ok dont worry, next time try to not do that"" ? no, you will get fired and the people you were working with will not want you there. There is no possible constructive criticism you can give to someone who engages 1v5, as I have said before, if you engage 1v5 you are either intentionally trying to lose or haven't looked at your monitor for the past 30 seconds. If you ""forgot"" to look at the minimap before engaging then you shouldn't be playing the game. And if you blame actions like that on having a ""bad day"" then play a single player game and don't ruin multiplayer games for others. Simple as that."
well if it's LaCanfora it must be a lock La Canfora: Continue to hear Miami very interested in moving up for DeVante Parker. St. Louis at 10th overall a natural match. Rams willing to go down
"But that would dilute the events with Bullseye, Daken, Yelena Belova, and Juggernaut. We are certainly lacking them. I think it is easy to pick the fun ones."
"But those are women's things, so they can't be bad. Are you as bothered with the subs devoted to makeup or fashion? Because it's basically the same thing"
Full employment is always good for capitalism. I still think this can be good for Bitcoin.
Obviously those children are sacred gifts from the devil. What about children of Athiests? What about them?
"No, *you* calm down. While I understand your point, stingers often were just weird non-sequitors that they found amusing like ""Mom, my nuts?"". The fact that they repeated the ""...and a good friend"" line for YEARS afterwards would lead me to believe they found it weird and amusing even if, out of context, it's not particularly funny. That said, you might want to just relax and let people make suggestions."
"Fight the good fight my fellow MRA! How are these types of comments cool and upvote-worthy when directed at a man, but creepy and weird when directed at a woman?"
"lol, PBY RAMMED MY ARADO AND LIVED, GAIJIN AMERICAN BIAS Obviously gaijins inherit American bias. Oh wait..."
"Thrall didn't steal the kill... Let's just say he ""accidentally"" tagged him first So... you're saying Thrall steals our kill again??"
"Yeah man, deep wildy pking, pvm and slayer are all irrelevant Except the only place it matters, Edgeville wildy where you're better off wearing 42def void even if you're 99 defence"
"Yeah, i mean remember watch dogs? 3 Reasons to not worry about the graphics yet * Probably an alpha build; unfinished games get shown at E3 * Modding has come a really long way. This game will age very well. * Graphics are just one way to draw you in. Bethesda has a way of making you feel there, and make it exciting enough for you to forgive the flaws. It's a good day, do yourself a favor and just enjoy it."
Below 25 - noob 25-29 - regular player 30+ - obviously a spoofed mcnolifer who's only goal is to keep me from holding down gyms with their army of totally legit Dragonites Made a random list of how I look at trainer levels
Yeah because clinton wasn't a household name Donald Trump won the presidency because celebrity beats substance
"I was going to buy a nice HP mainframe but AMA from IBM architect totally changed my mind, what a clever marketing trick. Need to know what his intent is. Nobody wants to buy into clever marketing disguised as conversation"
"There are 2 ""l""s ya stupid I Was Not Expecting This..."
"With MAPLE RESOLVE as the center of gravity for Land Forces, as long as that goes off we will be good. Security will be planned for, I am sure. What I am concerned about is the affect on training. If all the lodging is gone from all the mil bases, what will happen to the training cycle?"
"A Bernie Sanders Super PAC is awesome but ones for Republican candidates and Hillary Clinton are wrong and buying our election! Bernie Sanders backed by $570,000 from union super PAC"
Oh snap Chelios takes one shot at Leafs' Shanahan
"Nah man, your gonna watch the same 4 people for months on end and you're gonna like it. Or maybe people disliked the interns show they disliked the video. Are we not allowed to dislike things?"
"Sure, I believe you. You must be using a different version of Google than the rest of the world. Having done econometric research on it myself you are by and large full of shit."
But the mother is always BETTER than the father! American man fighting for return of his son after wife abducts child to China
"What if its just a big conspiracy to bring the all the Fox stuff to Marvel? Well the reviews are starting to post, and it looks like what we all imagined, that X-Men Apocalypse is most just a bunch of Meh"
"75% of girls *do*, they just change colour and are brown every time *you* check. But I'm pretty sure 75% of girls claim to have them."
"How dare Assad squish the peaceful protestors? The Syrian Army killed dozens of Jabhat Al Nusra fighters, including three senior Al Qaeda commanders in Southern Syria"
Imposible arrancar si no tenes unos cuantos palos de inversion [o sos terrible garca como los de avalancha] imposible arrancar si no tenes un arreglo con la aduana. No podes competir.
That foul is clearly a conspiracy by BBN hating refs to allow A&amp;M to rip their heart out later. I thought A&amp;M got all the calls though :/
"But we didn't pick Stanley so the season is lost. Dude we improved the shit out of our defense, we got rid of our achilles heel at center. Signed a nice wideout, a nice slot corner, picked up a pass rush, added a tight end. I like the chargers heading into next year. I mean if Dunlap can stay healthy, we have a nice fucking squad"
"Police, fire fighter, construction worker, plumber, pizza delivery boy, but no, ""manly"" jobs are never sexualized. Remember: If you dress up as a 'sexy' nurse this Halloween, you are responsible for the low wages of actual nurses"
"After the masterpiece that was 13, of course. ...Final Fantasy is considered a ""cool"" dudebro game like Halo and CoD now?"
"Hey dude, he's experienced all of Bassnectar's music through headphones, he really gets the energy and the drive. Come on like anybody on this sub hasnt heard of all of those artists. I've actually seen every one you mentioned live but while they're sets are like a ""party"" i feel like bassnectar's sets a more like a journey. It's like ive just got off a rollercoaster when his set is done. Not to put down any of those artist's live sets though because they all were fun."
Because I LOVE having all the facts Justice is served...
"Well then that would be admitting he was wrong, and democrats are never wrong. Oh I know, but Bernie Sanders was complaining that PPACA wasn't enough and the US should follow Vermont's model for a single payer health care system, and then later last year they officially labelled it a failure, but I don't remember any apology from Mr. Sanders."
"You must be really fun at parties. Bright light is up in sky. Will Master play today? No, Master still sleeping. That's okay. I love Master. I can wait. Why does Master sleep underground? I miss Master."
"TIL: Liberia and Myanmar have been to the moon. The way I see it, there are two types of countries in the world: Those who use the metric system, and those who have been to the moon."
Because the build for sup kha is super set in stone as a meta pick right? I thougth sup kha was meant to be played with frostfang
My computer has sooo many colours that people would think that it's hosting the gay parade My first build!
All Broncos fans do is complain Von Miller was getting held all night. They don't call all of these. Pipe down and go eat some chowda.
"Exactly, why would you buy dinner for your parents? If you're were planning to pay for dinner good job, but paying just for points ruins the value"
Deploying tacks near a children's playground sounds like an excellent idea... The shop should've thrown in a tack deploy system so next time he doesn't need to risk his truck.
"This day, we wait! One day the technology to write a post from Korea will exist, but it is not this day. Kappa"
"You're a banned user under an alt, get him! Hahaha....."
"I hope you forgot your What, you don't think ending violence and discrimination ""faced by women and girls"" is equality? Everybody knows males never face violence or discrimination, so this is only fair. Is one half of humanity working for the benefit of the other half of humanity not how equality works? News to me."
"Yes, because we should support fat acceptance. So around 15 lmao"
"Yes this is all we will ever get, Blizzard announced this will literally be the only other cosmetic released for Overwatch, enjoy your golden weapon So this is all we get for paying a minimum of 40$ for the game ? Golden recolors ? I was never a fan of these in any game. I expected more from Blizzard. I hope we get something better in future seasons."
you a seahawks fan too? Fading faster than my childhood dreams. I'm 12.
"Isn't gentrification wonderful? Meanwhile, in a small city..."
"Well, obviously that's because she was fat, black, and poor. I sent them a letter. They sent back a response that I could request a hearing. A friend of mine who had been through it before told me not to waste my time. He requested a hearing and had to waste a day and he said it was just a one huge fat black poor woman who ran the hearing, who believed all employers were evil and rules against him anyway."
"Not sure if You mean, pandering to the affluent middle- and upper-class portion of society, while ignoring the poorer rural sections and calling them bodoh for voting for the Government (who give them handouts and at least pretended to listen), is not a recipe for success?"
"Ah yes, the guy who judges people based on a haircut I guess blondes are stupid too, Sweden is filled with retards amirite Ah, yes. The, ""Entitled Cunt,"" haircut."
"Ross Ford Discusion: Who do you think is/was the best Hooker in the world? I always liked John Smit, what do you guys think?"
"Gee, I wonder if user SmokeADaKoosh is gonna be objective on the matter of drugs. This video gets everything STRAIGHTENED out about ""WEED"". (WATCH if you're against it.)"
"Duh, most kinks are doing something dirty, taboo, and morally questionable. Interracial is a fetish?"
"Guys he didn't say THE Ohio State, I think he's a fraud. Ohio State"
"African American metal? I know what I'm about, son. I was introduced to black metal in Tampa."
Ohio is lovely this time of year. Obama returning to White House as Boehner continues vacation in Ohio
"I'll grab one off eBay then. You can make one for your own use, but not sell a copy of someone else's design."
Here you dropped this Ithink you take comments to responses to comments a little too serious there skipper. (jk)
HAHAHAHAHA THIS IS SOOOO FUNNY LOLZ Well I guess it's time to change lanes
"They could fine Tom 25k, that'd put a dent in his pocket. I don't think we will get it back. Once Brady wins his appeal, and doesn't have to miss a single game, the nfl will have nothing left to hold onto other than those bullshit stolen picks"
"Football- that's the one with sticks, right? Football. I live in Alabama. And everyone loves it. Kill me"
Good thing I had my mother in law coming over this weekend. Like I'm not going to be playing Overwatch this weekend.
"Don't worry I'm sure DPS will levy appropriate disciplinary measures on Bennett, as they are obviously very serious and committed to protecting players from head injuries. Anybody have video or GIF of the head hit on Quincy? I was at a bar last night so I must have missed it. From what I hear it was pretty brutal."
But the homeless are harmless! Police say man stabbed in Scarborough parking lot by man who asked for spare change
"No one knows who these Vikings players are, they need exposure! are we going to show any of these plays or just keep flashing rosters on the screen"
Flush Hijab Day Anyone could go and buy a hijab and throw it in the toilet. You don't have to be a Muslim to buy one.
"He's the NFL's problem now. Mahalo Marcus, Mariota Declares for Draft"
Just a little Amare is on Miami? And Gerald Green? Guess I missed some stuff in the off season.
"Spoilers dude, now i know this episode is going to be great I bet you weren't expecting the ending to the season finale of legends were you?"
"Yet Ashe has a higher winrate than Kalista... Geee Ashe sucks Her kit isn't weak... Her stacks can secure dragon very easy, you can pass that stacks on kill on other minion or eve player. Her kiting is insane and ultimate is cool engage and Ashe has just ultimate what scales from AP and her mobility is very poor even you try kiting with your Q slow. She needs a buff for sure."
"It feels like they made the episode in under a week It felt rushed. I don't see how rushing things makes things ""good"" or ""great""."
"Wow, you sound like a nice person. Nope, he's just another retarded pickup truck driver. Roads were totally fine."
Well you certainly make your point eloquently.... If you think that you're a gun freak too. Try not being so fucking stupid and believe whatever bullshit the NRA put out this week.
Let's stick to questions about Rampart. What about icontrolpad? That would be amazing if you could support it!
"Wait what why did mine not have one, i got scamed :( Reuleaux RX200s"
"They were *Polish* camps, remember Adolf Hitler. No, seriously. The stereotype says Poles killed all those Jews during WW2."
"Yea, our 2nd amendment rights are the most important thing right now! Rightly so."
"but why do we have to go around kicking things guys, the real way forward is peacefully asking the owner of the fountain to unlock it for us :) Evil anti-Christ, un-American Communist propaganda in a comic from People's Republic of Poland, 1960s"
WOO GOVT INTERNET FCC's Ruling On Municipal Broadband: move to eliminate parts of state laws prohibiting towns and cities from building or expanding their own broadband networks - or in some cases working with private industry cooperatively to expand service
"Knowing your child will certainly stop it from having an epilepsy attack or bleeding to death because the fancy vase fell onto the child and broke into a million pieces! It boils down to knowing their children, and knowing most kids will listen to a parent before listening to some stranger, despite the parents telling them to behave the sitter. Also it shows that the sitter is prepared for anything."
"That's gonna be impossible for me, I've spent the last 2 years making the darkest collection so my only option is being 100% fleek at any given moment Post your worst fit! Whether you got leftover mallcore clothes from a year ago, to the worst fitting to ur bod, to just fucking ugly, post ya fits."
"Aww, cannibalism can't be sweet? Well, he was almost sweet..."
"Dude, spoilers It just works"
Windows 10 would just detect it as an unsupported program and uninstall it even though it works perfectly fine. Can't you just install it again?
"Yeah because getting smashed by a Titan is totally fun. Well, since it adds a fun new element to game play I think we can expect a hot fix to force you to actually be moving for Shoulder Charge to activate. We have to play the game the way Bungie intended, after all. XD"
"TIL: Mutualism is capitalistic They're missing because I deliberately left them out, because, at its core, anarcho-capitalism doesn't prescribe any specific property norms. Most anarcho-capitalists might have preference for, and promote, certain property norms over others, but it is not a core tenet of the philosophy. The closest that anarcho-capitalism gets to espousing private property as a core tenet is in recognition of natural law, but only as self-proprietorship."
He can't refuse a petition if hundreds of people sign it for goodness sake but has Rowan actually shown any interest in doing Top Gear?
Reddit requires the Well if you can't afford health insurance you're obviously a lazy goddamn communist and deserve to die for your sins.
Add another to the body count She murdered Giuliani..
"I too am surprised that humanity isn't one giant hivemind. I am glad that this situation has been resolved, but for all of the hate that the media has gotten for giving details of this situation out, people are sure happy and keen to find out as much information as possible now that he is arrested. Like people are showing up in the pouring rain at the RCMP buildings in Moncton to try and catch a glimpse of him. The CBC interviewer just said he ""is jealous because he hasn't seen any of the footage yet"". A bit ironic isn't it?"
Nah it's because the backup wheel is filled with helium which lifts the back of the car up and thus makes the total weight of the car go down oh I forgot to add to this pic - with G63 if you remove the backup wheel (which is huge and heavy) the car gets heavier
"ANARCHISM IS TOTALLY THE COOL REBELLION THESE DAYS IT'S THAT PUNK KIND OF MUSIC, RIGHT? Another anarchist from Scotland here. I'm really sorry that you've had to deal with such non-sense. There is no doubt that the people ""running"" this group have no solid understanding in the philosophy of anarchism."
"Thanks Obamacare! Probably condoms, that is until I realized most colleges hand them out like candy."
Avicii Has any fifa soundtrack ever inspired you to listen to a new artist? Many fifa games have inspired me to follow artists with k.flay and foster the people just to name a few. Wondering if this is the case with others?
"Ooh yes, who could play older Felicity? I really want Matt Damon to play an old Oliver Queen in the movies after watching this."
"Guys, please watch out for MS shills in this thread commenting that this is ridiculous. For the people who are switching from XBOX 360 to PS4, here's the direct link to cancel your XBOX LIVE auto renewal. Might as well get this awkward breakup out of the way, and this time, it's not you, it's them."
"This is male privledge, shitlord. So if I understand this correctly: * Man gets drunk. * Goes to his girlfriend's apartment and passes out. * Girlfriend's roommate performs oral sex on him while he's asleep. * Roommate texts a friend immediately afterward saying she wasn't innocent, and that she did something stupid. * She gets him kicked out of school. * School has no appeals process to even hear new evidence. I'm trying to see how he isn't the victim as it's explained in this article. If the genders were reversed--a woman passed out and is molested while she slept, and was then kicked out of school because her molester said the sleeping victim made him do it--it would be an equally shocking injustice. I wonder if Amherst is going to have to change their donation solicitations to alums to ask for help to pay their legal bills. I don't see how he isn't going to walk away with millions."
"Wait......a liveleak where someone isn't dead/dyeing? Here, Bite Down on This ....."
"Let's just repost everything from 2 days ago, I'm sure no one will notice. American Logic"
You are the problem haha lmao I gotta admit when I go buy games at a huge store like that that sells more than just games I usually buy snacks.
Because Short and Weak don't you know! Why do you say that?
Is it just because zithromax is worthless after being the DOC for viral infections for years? Monotherapy with B-lactam is non-inferior to B-lactam/macrolide for non-ICU community acquired pneumonia. Seems like atypical coverage isn't as necessary as US guidelines suggest?
"Ah yes, asking about the weather or recent sport event is soon crucial to getting to know her as a person! This is a sentiment that I see a lot on Reddit, ""small talk is exhausting and feels forced"". I think this is the verbal equivalent of foreplay...not in the sexual sense, but as a lead up to more interesting conversation. If it is exhausting for you then you need to change your attitude. Small talk, well at least in the case of someone you like, should be seen as an opportunity to become more comfortable with the person before sharing too much of yourself (aka, being fucking creepy). Honestly I think a lot of guys here want to skip the small talk in hopes of moving the relationship along faster, but what they don't realize is that it is critical to building that very relationship."
"Yeah, let's go back to only being able to resize a window from the bottom right corner! Until they put touchscreens in macs, the Lion changes are pointless."
"Buy the 10 dollar Mythic pack, I hear it's pay to win and totally breaks the game I'm bad at FPS games, but I want to get good at Halo 5. Any tips for a newbie? I literally got the game yesterday. Main questions include how to use grenades effectively, how to aim (particularly with the Sniper/Beam rifle), how to know when to crouch to hide from radar and when to dash and not care, how to not die as much. I'm mainly playing Arena modes, particularly FFA and SWAT, but I also want to get better at Team Slayer. Other FPS games I have played are Halo 4 (at least a year ago since I last played), Black Ops 2 (was not good at it, found the time to kill to be way too fast), and sometimes Halo 3 at a friend's house. Also, how do I use the Hydra Launcher?"
Peel back that white tape for me? Am I master of csgo yet?
"Oh wow, I had no idea that nepotism was still part of this culture of celebrity worship. Chelsea Clinton demands $65,000 for 10-minute speech at university of Missouri"
"But think of all the farmland 90% of it would be barren rock deformed by the weight of 11,000 feet of ice, and if the entire ice sheet melted the green parts would be under water anyway."
"Cool, glad I googled it before assuming it was something complex. Oh my lord IT WORKED changing the name! Thank You so much dude ur a savior!"
"Ya but it didn't have more women so there wasn't a reason to get up in arms despite that one being worse. Can we all agree the new vacation movie was terrible too? Soft reboot, and just not funny."
"ITT: lots of sane, rational discussion... I can honestly say I think I'm more racist because of it"
"But you know with that DR, Natalie is sooooo fake. Big Brother US18 - Episode Discussion - September 08 2016 Thursday night usually means eviction which means we'll say goodbye to another houseguest. Who will it be? Will we see an HOH crowned tonight? Remember, do not post spoilers in this thread! If an HOH is crowned post-episode, discuss it in the Feed Discussion thread!"
"Bro I just crush up spiders to pack my bong. Under capitalism? That's... weird. Is there a program where poor spiders sell their hemolymph, like people who sell blood plasma, or is it synthetic?"
Didn't you read the requirement? We should provide drawings?
"Is that the America National song? Maybe it's time to ""Let it go."""
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy. A lifetime of misogyny catches up with Trump
"But meh Bjergsen is na You wot mate? NA fan telling another region will ""Remain trash""? You are aware that the only reason NA is relevant as a region is because of imports, right?"
"Yup, I totally see how Russia/China/India and half of african countries are better than most european countries... specially like Norway Switzerland Austria or Finland... not to mention the rest This is the most legit **top** I have ever seen Results are in: Germany is the best country in the world"
You are 5ight players in my skill bracket just commit suicide and try to lose the whole time. Why can Low Tier players Praise SBMM and their easy games?
"It's OK, she's nearly 11 10-year-old gives birth"
Yes because if the senate flips it would totally be because of Bernie... Bernie Sanders just posted this on Facebook.
"Technically they should be able to vote in the US: One person, one vote. fun fact: corporations *do* vote in hong kong"
"I was hoping that the downside was mutant powers. Depends on what you think ""enough money"" is, how big a family you want, and what you consider ""enough free time"". I operate a nuclear power plant and like it. I make really good money, and when things are quiet, I get 7 days off in a row once every 5 weeks. Those 7 days are built into my schedule, meaning I don't have to take vacation for them. I also get 3 weeks' vacation a year which is not bad for my relatively young age, I get some other time off (I can't keep track of how much there is or what it's called, but personal time, floating holidays, make-up holidays, yadda yadda yadda) and I get 25 sick days a year. The downside is that my schedule is pretty inconsistent and I work rotating 12-hour shifts. This week would be an example of a ""bad"" week... I worked 6am-6pm Monday and Tuesday, stayed up all night Tuesday after work (until 5am, to swap my sleep schedule), slept through the day on Wednesday, and worked 6pm-6am Wednesday through Friday. That's 60 hours with a sleep schedule swap in the middle. Like I said, I like it a lot overall though."
"Uh Oh, BRB.... Woman jailed for not returning 2005 video rental"
"Bruh you're supposed to work on your placement skills until you do it perfectly I see that you've addressed the other mods listed in the parent comment, but how does the geometric placement mod give a player an advantage? Are neater aesthetics an advantage in a game where appearances do not benefit the goal of surviving?"
"No, only cops are bad, all cops, all are the same. Replace ""SPD"" with ""any institution"" or people in general and I think you've got the right idea."
Deeming education necessary is racist because it doesn't take into account poor black people who can't afford to go to school Somehow managed to stubble upon this gem during my travels through the internet.
Cradle robber. My fiance just said this and I stopped everything to make this meme
"But but only men can rape Are we not gonna talk about how Citra basically drugs and rapes Jason in FarCry 3 I mean, think about it. She gave him this liquid to drink, without saying what it'll do. He starts hallucinating and has no idea what's actually happening in reality. He comes out of it to find himself laying on his back with Citra fucking him. Sounds like rape to me."
"Spoilers bro I am thinking it may be a joke? If you've seen the movie, Morgran Freeman's character only speaks to Gerard Butler by phone."
"Also, you are a warlock so you don't even have friends and everyone hates you More like your parents are millionaires that keep buying all your friends Mercedes then at some point they looked at you spat and bought you a beater without doors and a half running engine with the statement ""drive this for the next month or two and we might consider getting you something better""."
Since the soup is payed for they should at least be able to bring their own bowls! Your argument is that poor people who receive government assistance should be able to afford a greater portion of the tax burden that pays for those benefits? Next you're going to suggest that soup kitchen patrons pay for their own soup.
"Remember, there are just 300 of us with puppet accounts. Pff silly that's easy, obviously we'll be accused of brigading :("
I respect your bravery in going without the P1mp will be better for them than S1mple in the long run because he will make Team Liquid more stable and consistent.
My byali OmniWear - These device can spot where the enemy is at on a 360 degree (Useful for hard of hearing gamers or like anyone who want to use)
What could go wrong? The government of Denmark wants people to stop using cash
"Strange to have an attraction to a ""man"" with a Mercedes badge for a head. It gets deeper and deeper..."
"Um, I don't know what you are smoking dude, Europe is a band. Whenever I see Americans talk about how large and diverse the US is compared to Europe"
"Ja, jij niet dan? Mocht jij als basisschoolleerling tijdens de pauze van het schoolplein af, dan? Vast niet."
"That's why pro-piracy posts harvest downvotes like hell in all cases, right? It's not that ""a lot of people here"" are anti-piracy. In fact the vast majority here are pro-piracy scum, which is why the odd one or two of us who are anti-piracy stand out when we air our views."
Murray to the Browns confirmed. They were seated separately. Murray was actually there with Miles Austin.
How are they still alive after removing the brain? The brain of a stroke survivor
Because You Type Like This Did i miss an update? Why Does Every Fucking Ship Have 0.5 Second Charge Missiles I Cant Get Past The Second Fucking Sector
"just like planting that Russian flag at the north pole was clearly not any kind of posturing Realistically, there is no reason to fear the Russians, they aren't going to invade, or try to annex our territory for resources. This is just saber rattling to try and drum up fear of the unknown."
"Yeah, every one knows it was the jews! 10/10, would bigot again."
"In which case, this is fine! Then it matches Yonhap, JoonAng and basically every other network across the Sea of Japan."
Yay another performance of Fantastic Baby PSY and Big Bang to open and close for Incheon Asian Games
"dirty filthy quarter-millionaires don't deserve that money anyways. Will Obama's plan raise taxes on families that make $250,000? The Bush tax cuts did include breaks for families making in the 250,000 - 500,000 range, but when speaking on his debt plan, Obama is only talking about raising taxes on millionaires. Is he honestly not including these people or is he and just not mentioning it?"
"Dont you worry guys, source2 will fix this and other bugs Jumping glock spread is dramatically improved by switching from burst"
"I forgot the What? What?!? Of those comedians who make about 200K, the average income is 200K. The *average* comedian makes -20K in opportunity costs due to being at horrible depressing open mike nights six times a week. I used to run in that circle around Boston/Cambridge. It's utterly fucking brutal. I know a couple people that made it to NY or LA and do fairly well now, but that's just barely, and it's literally three or four out of everyone I knew. I don't mean to be a dick. That's just what I saw of it."
"I heard that aluminum foil makes good heat resistance wraps.... Battery wrapping I'm afraid to leave the hairdryer pointed at my battery for very long, and the crease down the side is mostly gone but still raised a little. I don't feel like there's any play in the wrap, I just don't think it's as tight as it should be and I am afraid to get it hot. Will I damage it (or possibly myself) if I hold it to it for a short while?"
"Not true, i wouldn't dismiss a girl under 12 if she had sex They would do the same for any girl over 12 or any girl who has at one point had sex"
It's like they're just making up stuff now Screen shot of LDS Handbook 1 with new formal definiition of Apostasy that includes same-gender marriage as grounds.
"And America belongs to the native americans, we don't all get our way But skyrim belongs to the Nords..."
"But his skin is brown so he couldn't have been I don't think there's anyway to screen for that kind of stuff, plus what if he was born here"
"Well, she sounds delightful. Current girlfriend is black=only attracted to black girls; not wanting to be with someone=weight discrimination?"
"Yea man, remember season 3 J4 and Lee not winning other peoples lanes? Jungler's Shouldn't Win Lanes Its absolute stupid now how much jungler's can affect lanes to stupid degrees. There is nothing worse than being camped by the enemy jungler basically making you unable to do anything and offer no chance to do anything about, it, Riot removed wards so you can't ward up to spot them. Junglers should not be given so much power that they can single handedly win a bunch of lanes, because of how little chance you get against them. Look at mid lane now it has 6 fog of war areas that the enemy jungler can come from, how on earth am i meant to be able to stop them from coming form at least one of them, especially when the max number of wards you can have is 3 (1 pink, 2 yellow) but that lasts for what 60 secs till they die off? Remember when we had season 3 and lanes actually took skill and the lane came down to who was the better player not who could get ganked the most?"
"Are you sure it wasn't Grant Wahl? ""Among the charges are that an unnamed FIFA official arranged to pay members $40,000 apiece simply to hear his pitch to become FIFA president in 2011 at a meeting in a Hyatt Regency in Trinidad and Tobago."" Well that's pretty obviously Jack Warner"
I'd rather spam Y-Wing bombs at hard points on capital ships than have aerial dogfights with 60 other ships over imperial bases. New Gameplay Star Wars Battlefront Fighter Squadron
I'm sure we'll all solve our equality issues by competing to see who has it rougher. Ok. So it sucks being a man because women assume you are a creep on a bus. You know why it sucks to be a woman? Living in fear of rape and assault. In India being subjugated for the very luck of your sex at birth. Complaining about this as injustice is like saying you should get a purple heart for a paper cut.
"Yes, because this was the case for both Android and iOS I doubt this will change. Either a platform will have big support from day one or it won't have great support."
Obviously those are controlled or because of Jews! He strikes me as the type to believe in chem trails and the Illuminati.
"guurrrl thats crazy talk! has he not heard that men and women can be friends,coworker, etc!?"
Hey fuck you Ey thats what u get for longboarding
But the Wardens are so creative and fun! I feel like the last thing I want to do is spawn an extra Warden to fight..
"I like gas stations that have drones in the skies, on moment's notice ready to flatten the place. Gas stations in other states are allowed to hire gas station attendants, but most choose not to. I prefer gas stations that hire armed security guards."
"But he has been listening for two years so the show must be tailored to what he likes. Jesus dude, relax. No one is making you listen."
He f***** Rabbitt's Mom I hate that guy! &amp; the terrifying Michael Shannon. He and Will Arnet could play brothers!
"Nah man, Arkham Knight was a great game, just a victim of a circlejerk A PSA explaining that you can get a refund if you got shafted (received a broken game) is not a ""bandwagon or circlejerk"" Specifically, the game was so broken **that the publisher completely pulled the game**. Unheard of."
"Wes Morgan, Claudio Ranieri and Danny Drinkwater have all been absolute bellends throughout the entire campaign too. Title dreams aside, i'd love to see Vardy and his temper blow it for Leicester. As inspiring as their run has been, I find it equally sad that it's being led by such a giant piece of shit."
"And some people say Quick is overrated, what a beautiful save That time Lecavalier hit all three posts with one shot and didn't score"
"But it's football, not smelly *immigrants* Funny, the amount of welfare payments going to those legal american citizens is *nothing* compared to the fiscal singularity that is the new Vikings stadium a quarter mile away from Riverside. Why are so many people fuming over the former but not the latter? Seriously, the downtown tax increase means i'm paying $5 more per grocery bill than you guys everywhere else in the city."
"BUT GOD IS IMAGINARY, MUH ATHEISM IS REAL! Down voted? For what? Lmao Jesus reddit is sensitive."
Nah guys I think he just has really good gamesense. This guy must have some really expensive headphones!
"It sounds like she's doing this case for free but will get paid if Avery wins some lawsuits Yes, she makes her money on these exonerations by the civil suit payout."
"LOL, Freedom of speech. Priceless: The Danish Military tries to stop elite soldier's autobiography, and fail. Then they try to stir up a controversy by leaking a ""discovered"" Arabic translation to the press. Not only is the translation a useless machine translation, it was made by... the Military!"
"Don't worry once you get out of school everybody uses it and there's tonnes of job opportunities. As a west coast Canadian, this makes me laugh every time."
"Couldn't happen to a nicer person. Wingnuts Turn On Ann Coulter: ""As the right-wing factions of the GOP continue to eat their own, this week they turned on Ann Coulter after she announced on Fox News that Republicans should work with Obama on tax hikes for the wealthy"""
after a soldier is all shot up what good are they? We give money to Israel when we can't even take care of our veterans... Fuck that.
"Yes, because enemy nexus towers are generally where one starts when they want to split. The nexus towers were a very obvious example of this. Nexus towers are made to protect against splitpushing."
"Look, those billions in royalties and residuals don't make themselves... The sport is so poorly thought out. The only point of it is to give broomsticks a purpose, and create another situation where Harry gets to be the most important person in the room. Which is basically the entire point of the wizarding universe. Everything serves one purpose; to further the plot and show the readers how important and awesome Harry is, and then never mentioned again."
"Nah, fans would rather see that wide open jumper or break away dunk You know, it would be fantastic if TNT ever showed a replay of these foul calls."
"Nah, I bet it's a graphical glitch. SOE 4 Cats in Ruby Rabbit. Okay I quick searched the subreddit for posts pertaining to these cats and I haven't found anything else. There are 4 cat Statues in the Ruby Rabbit. -1 on the bar floor by the steps leading up -2 on the floor the alter table is on -1 Top walkway between the two balconies I'm not sure what they do, I haven't had any 4 person games to see if they activate anything. But assuming the this all ties to HP them there's a story about the cats of ulthar, who kill these people for torturing other cats. Cats also tie into Egyptian and Atlantian history."
Maybe your keyboard is throwing No. IBP keyboard. Happened with my old default PC keyboard too.
"Ah, Bangladeshi. I'm from Newham"
"Right, I'm off to see if I can buy one by queuing up at the Apple store Uk nexus 4 16gb was live for 5 mins I added it to my card but the proceed button was greyed out! Damn!"
"When people discuss Queen they're obviously thinking of all that great stuff they released in the 80s, not their music from the mid 70s that nobody cares about I love how at _least_ Queen and Muse's first albums were in the 70s and the 90s respectively, they couldn't even get the decades right"
Content unrelated to League of Legends. Richard Lewis: Management versus Stars. Discussing CLG/Link
"Who knows HR might come back... True, but the show clearly has no idea what to do with Fusco and were Carter still alive, it'd be the same with her."
"Well, better than nothing... BBMP Spends Rs. 20 Lakhs to trap just 20 Rats in six months: RTI"
"Keep r/crossfit full of posts about shoes. No hate and I'm happy you're fueling your body with the nutrients it deserves, but keep the meal prep posts to your Instagram account not r/Crossfit"
Nah but hes one of the best European players in the league! baby euro step.. not saying he's a european lol
"You're a pervert! Highschool kid here, I didnt know if it was too early, but I guess im doing something right!"
We could just solder cables to reestablish the connections Nvidia has been known to do this in the past. Unlocking the 970s to 980s is most likely impossible.
"Which is why there have been so many snipers killing people with .50BMG here That's the thing though, you don't have to carry it around a lot. You just drive it to a remove area and shoot your target from a mile away. Makes it pretty easy to get away with murder if you are willing to train shooting a lot with this rifle. I find this really odd and scary about the US. Maybe they'll sell stealth bombers to civilists next because they're fun to fly."
shutyourface Well it *wouldn't* be the Flash.
Nice humble brag.. This is my girlfriend.
Yes because the NSA hasn't admitted to doing exactly as he said. It's scary how many of you are willing to take everything this loon says at face value with no supporting evidence to back it up.
"All while you sit around completely helplessly because of tristana's passive that makes it so you can't move or use any abilities, dumb champ please nerf. Still bullshit when trist can auto-ult-auto and end up dishing out potentially 1500 damage nearly instantly (600 from both crits and 300 from ult, mixed damage) if both autos crit at 30 minutes into the game. And if you're NOT dead after that, she can either jump towards you to finish you off (Jumping right out after, because free resets), kite you, or if you're fed enough to where she can't fight you, she's now at an incredibly safe distance to run away."
"Just means gun owners have good accuracy. In my research, I have been unable to find a single documented incident in which a civilian in the United States has fired more than 15 rounds in legitimate self-defense."
"But if you ate any less your body would go into starvation mode and you'd actually *gain* weight! Obnoxious vegan here. My vegan boyfriend and I are trying to lose weight. We don't eat 4,000 even on days where we aren't eating at a deficit. He can eat upwards of 3,000 calories a day because he works out like a mad man and walks everywhere, not because he eats a mostly raw, vegan diet. I ate 1223 yesterday according to MFP. I don't know where they came up with those stupid numbers. I could eat nothing today and tomorrow. I wouldn't be starving, I'd be using my fat stores and probably pretty cranky. The way these people misuse the word ""starving"" really irritates me."
"But he's a fan of Achievement Hunter, he deserves to know **EVERY** detail of what goes on in Geoff's life! This thread seems dangerously on the edge of rule five. If there's something going on in Geoff's personal life that we don't know about, it's absolutely none of our business to speculate. Especially when it involves his kid who's a minor. You can do better, internet."
"Whoa duuuude, so philosophical and cool There is no true observable random in the universe, all computers are deterministic machines."
"Well, if Officer Johnson wasn't such a dick, no one would be asking for his footage. What about the police officer capturing your driver's license on camera as he holds it up to his face? What happens to footage capturing someone providing confidential or sensitive information? What about footage from a non-public area of a business? Maybe a bank or laboratory or startup doesn't want their interior workings to become available for the world to see because of a FOIA request? How much time can individual departments dedicate to blurring and bleeping tens of thousands of hours of video from their officers? How much should it cost? Can someone just say, ""I want to the last 50 hours of footage from Officer Johnson"" and get all of it? That takes time and money to redact."
"Hey that's new and exciting! Plan is for Cena vs Rollins to go on last at Night of Champions. Per Bryan Alvarez, WO Live"
"Well, neither of the candidates is a scientist, so.... So three debates and nothing on climate change"
"Good thing Kap only looks at his first read anyway I can almost guarantee it's because it would give Kap an ""unfair advantage"" over the defense since it would be much harder to read where his eyes are looking, which I Would also bet is part of the reason why he wants to wear one too. I don't like it, but you know how the NFL is..."
"You definitely missed the part in orientation where we meet at the Ugli every night at 7PM to circlejerk over where we are in the latest academic rankings. My bad, I phrased that badly! I hear the university say it (a lot), but I don't hear anyone of my friends say it. Also, it's worth noting, I don't have many friends, only a few close ones! :)"
"Wow, your rhetoric really leaves a lot up for debate! I can tell you as an Israeli, we don't care... We've heard it all already. We know what the truth is, we've all served in the army and know what it is like. We know how much we value human life, and how hard we work to minimize civilian casualties. Also, it's pretty hard to phase an Israeli :)"
"Remember: Islam is the true women's liberation! Mild compared to ISIS I know, but I've had a gutful of these self-righteous savages."
"Better dead than red. This is what strikes me as strange about the previous poster's claim. Cuba is in its situation because the economic system doesn't work. Yet the other countries you've mentioned, which are capitalist, are in a worse position. Yet the same people who say Cuba's problems are the result of socialism never say that Jamaica, or the DR, or Haiti's problems are the result of capitalism. I've never understood this selective standard."
Basically equal And how would you rate his contributions to art and culture relative to Kanye's?
"I think you forgot a Bruh chill, its just a movie. Its fiction, none of it really happened. The holocaust was invented by the jews to take over the news network and push their propaganda through repetitive block buster movies."
"bold prediction: Karin is gonna use her ultimate jutsu: self destruct so her blood splatters on everyone around her, healing them in the process. It use to be Tobi. I'm going to make a prediction: Karin Uzumaki"
"Cool, even the achievements have RNG to them. Most achievemnts on Destiny popped days after you earn them anyhow. They'll catch up eventually!"
"That was America's plan all along! As bail is defined by being as a deposit to prove you won't run away, I would assume so. They wouldn't give him his money back, that would defeat the point of bail. Afaik it would stay in court."
"Yeah who would wear a Black and Yellow jersey ? One of the ugliest sweaters ever, in my opinion. But to each their own."
"And everyone told me that the grocery fairy was a myth... My Place Got Broken Into... And the jerkwads ran off, leaving behind one shoe, and a bag of frozen groceries, stealing nothing. How much credit can be given to my statues, crucifixes, and pictures? lol"
"Didn't you hear, Dyrus died a bunch in that one game yesterday so he's actually been bad for his entire career and is the sole reason TSM has been losing games I think Dyrus is just as good if not better than Quas. Zion is also really good. Quas may be solid, but these guys are really good."
But is he a system player? Durant would fit in with the spurs
"I fucking love this subreddit, no this subreddit but every quality post is replaced with a haitai meme"
Because clearly your incarceration wasn't your punishment. Why can't they get another one?
I'd like to see Pontius Pilate New character guesses What will it be? Noah? Abraham? What Biblical characters are we missing from the game? And what items will it have?
None and the day they start is the day America has truly gone down the drain. how many black envelopes do you see them delivering
"yelling and violence, try to call someone a dickbag before you leave. How should I quit my job? I've been with my current employer for just about 3 months. It's not my dream job, but it certainly isn't bad. The people there are great. BUT just today I was offered a position at a place where I've always wanted to work. They want me to start on Monday. How do I quit? I know a 2 week notice is standard, but I have to start on Monday to take this job. Will a 1 week (slightly less) be ok? The managers at my current employer are understanding. In fact they've already questioned my interest in my work, but I just don't know what to do. If I email a letter of resignation, should I do it over the company email? shit shit shit."
I remember this post from last year Penguin Books Debuted On This Date in 1935
"Yeah and Sian is on maternity leave now so it's OK, right? I miss him and Richard Keys, it was only banter!"
"Yes thank you for that. You want seasons? Close game. Delete save. Run game. There you go, new season."
I especially love when you smell them approaching from a mile away and the perfume lingers behind them like a tail for another mile. I love when a girl walks past you and you get a hint of her perfume. It's over when that happens.
And people wonder why conspiracy theorists say the government is putting mind altering/ destroying chemicals in our [Insert physical thing] My thoughts exactly. The problem is that I guarantee that this game will still be successful to and sell to the average consumer. It ticks all the boxes.
spotted the feminist. And I'm a cat person! LOL
"Wow that's fucking justice. 88-year-old man fined $12000 by the Canadian Revenue Agency, for omitting a small pension."
"Import more crappy coffee chains, we don't have enough of those already Canadian Coffee Franchise Tim Hortons, expanding to Great Britain."
"Thanks for giving them ideas, I'll be sure to send some sauce during your roast. A cannibal could say ""I just ate a Danish,"" or ""I love Canadian bacon."" and none would be the wiser."
Ij there any rejervation in those category or are they general? OP... Choose your category
Well don't worry you can just remove the clot then run it Our labor and delivery nurses think their heel sticks on babies clot because we leave them in the tube station too long. They just can't understand how anticoagulants work for whatever reason.
"Assault: totes kawaii. I don't have any good stories, but someone on my comm's facebook posted the other day about how a man in an IHOP came up to her and said all she needed now was a pacifier. She kicked him in the shin with her platform boots and left XD"
"Obviously it is all part of the Liberal conspiracy. Egypt to Ben Carson: no, the pyramids were not for storing grain"
Who needs djs anymore! Serato Pyro How about those transitions...
"sorry, forgot this... My comparison applies to the tiny drops of oil that commonly leak from motor vehicles, nope."
because we don't have enough midfielders. For why?
Just like Middle Easterners I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
Because Apple products are the *only* things that anyone owns. Geometry Calculator
"That scene in Stepbrothers would have been so much better if they had just started gunning down all those kids. Cleveland father brings gun to school to confront children's bullies, police say"
"Nope, they're terrible. Mets add 1986 throwbacks as alternate uniforms for the 2016 season"
Because all supporters of gun rights support gun violence :/... Pearl Jam frontman Eddie Vedder wishes 'bad things' on gun rights supporters. (VIDEO) | The Libertarian Republic
Watch your mouth before we take Dion Waiters too... Chill Fam
But lebron and all of the fans left so were not good The four-time defending Eastern Conference champions are the last unbeaten team in the Eastern Conference. Go figure.
Yea right it sure happens and you are in no way exaggerating anything. Sure thing. I'll remember that the next time one of my friends well trained dogs chews through a wall while he's not around.
"Don't worry, our $3/week fee should fix all if it shortly! Any insight into why this city allows our roads to get to this point? I'd like to understand a bit more how this happens the way it does. I've been to other cities and they have no real trouble clearing the roads with what we seen today. Why is morgantown different? This seems completely unacceptable. Are they not being proactive? Or is there something I'm not aware of that stops them from being able to do this efficiently and I should just shut up? Sorry, just frustrated..."
Ya suck it up and play a game you don't want to play because your teammates make for a dull and exhausting experience you chump. Suck it up and get over yourself
No but have you tried squatting? Fuck anyone that criticizes any type of bicep isolation. I'm trying to strengthen my ENTIRE body and biceps are included in that. So fuck yourself you pretentious assholes that scoff at me for trying to fix my noodle arms. And yes I have already done your precious compound back exercises. Fuck.
you are a disgrace to not only this subreddit but the entire **earth** you use the wiimote i hope you are demodded faster than sonic can run Squidnow and I Playing Smash Bros.
But..but...he invented the internets! That's why I could never take Al Gore seriously. I'm not going to be lectured about the environment by someone with four fucking kids!
So why did you throw a branch through your ceiling? My own personal Final Destination
"1338h4x wrote: Also ""I'm actually a boy"" and ""I'm actually a girl"" for anyone who likes playing the opposite gender character. Pokemon sorta totally lets you announce you like the same-sex on your profile. Lilszee posted: IF you go to your profile and take the mini-survey, ""your secret"" is one of the things you can select, and you have the option of ""I actually have a boyfriend"" and ""I actually have a girlfriend."" :3 Also, Pokemon is rad."
No E-UNI Titans. are these PL titans ?
Except the KKK also did nothing wrong! Such a brave man to stand up against Amerikkka like that
"But it's SO much work! Pretty much all pistols field strip similarly. Pop slide off of frame, remove recoil spring and barrel. Done."
Surely this will affect the polling numbers. Battlezone Redux just released on Steam
"If anything it would allow us to stop fighting each other and destroy the inferior subspecies. meh, we handled neanderthals and they were already pretty well established. fucking bring it. but in all honesty, i think it would be cool to have another sentient species out and about. not that is has any chance in actually happening of course."
"Yeah, Scarra wasn't an impressive player because I could get the same kda in Bronze. Kat isn't hard to play as... I could go 32-1 with her if I really wanted."
"Yep that cartoon about covered it, in both scope and depth. You don't have a plan"
"Hispanics don't worship God, they worship Dios. Do we need to do this again? As a Christian, I do not worship Allah."
"Yes Mr Reddit boss. Don't say ""This."" Just upvote if you agree"
"Loitering. If you could sentence criminals to capital punishment for any crime other than murder, what crime would it be?"
I know I'm just bein a dick. I actually am playing it right now :P But I never said I hated ED. I was simply giving an example.
"Making sure I get all my Ps are super important to my enjoyment, dude! who cares? Counting Pixels is much more fun. duh."
"that shit Mad Max movie, right? Wasn't he in the biggest bomb of the year?"
You can walk with a Kippa on your head elsewhere than in Israel? Of Skullcaps And Asshats
"Yeah, that wouldn't be horrendously abused by the NYPD at all. Raising resisting arrest to a felony would be ""helpful"" according to NYC Commissioner"
"Remember, if its not oppressing black people, its not racism. Additionally, in the previous instalment you controlled a white protagonist killing hispanic zombies, but that didn't lead toan outcry from SJW's."
"You're right, its Zeb masquerading as Womble Nono that's definitely not him."
tall and socially awkward people are totes disgusting amirite attractive woman with repulsive man - american television show B210#9013
"Sorry, I should have used Nielsen tracks everything. That's their job."
"If the machine is held together with less screws, then you did a better engineering job than the people who designed the laptop. You're doing very well if all you have left over is screws..."
"Yeah, the Turkish military is so well known for their support of civil rights and democracy They are rebelling because someone has been stealing their civil rights and attempting to skirt democracy. I doubt they would just execute him."
"Hornswoggle Strongest Wrestler Ever? Who do you guys think is the strongest wrestler ever? Mark Henry, in his discipline, is obviously very strong but has there been guys in Pro-Wrestling who are as strong? I think Kane and Brock are in with a shout."
Awww but what about FREE SPEECH aren't the people kicking the fascists out basically fascists for opposing fascist? French fascists chased out of Lille demonstrations in solidarity with the victims of the Paris attacks
"I just don't feel oppressed at a job that I voluntarily acquired, am paid according to a contract, and can leave at anytime... But I guess I have to overthrow and murder my boss anyway I think that there is a certain amount of romanticism among the socialist movements, and that they like to imagine themselves as labor revolutionaries of the late 1800s and early 1900s. I sympathize with some of the labor movement complaints and I imagine many do. Who hasn't worked a shit job? Work often sucks. The lefties just never got over it."
"He smoked weed and had a government job, of course he was socialist I don't see any indication of Sagan being socialist. He seems like the typical liberal searching for peace and good thoughts."
Who? James Buchanan never married.
"Yeah, who gives a shit about a QB that was on the Ravens and did well in preseason in a subreddit dedicated to the Ravens? Who gives a shit. The preseason watchers do. He was never making this squad"
"But dont you remember, Donbass feeds all of Ukraine! honestly, I am happy that Donbas industry is pretty much destroyed, because it was the source of wealth for almighty oligarchs (from Tymoshenko-Lazarenko to Akhmetov-Firtash) and millions of semi-slave workers that do and think the same as director of the plant they work on. I don't see any way people can counter oligarchs as long as they have so big wealth and human resource as Donbass."
"But remember, Crawford sucks and Raanta should be starting Game 6 Blackhawks at Kings 5/30 8:00PM CDT"
That explains it. The minimum wage was increased in May 2007.
"I hope he will get buff or rework, he is nerfed like irelia in lol Nerf to Blackbeard too far (not a rifle shield rant) The nerf to his ADS time, from something like .25s to .7s is the topic of this post. I'm not saying it should be changed, but... Is it really neccessary for his ADS time to be so long when the Rifle Shield is DETACHED? Like, come on, when it's not in use, he should be in line with all the other operators, what makes his weapon so special that it should take him a year to bring it to his face?"
James Young and #16? There is no realistic package of players and picks we could offer that would even make OKC think about trading Westbrook
"yeah, no other teams sets screens like that! Its OBVIOUS how Klay and Curry score so easily!"
"Oh yes, clearly it's a Jewish conspiracy to keep water from Jordan! Jordan always depended on river water. Strangely enough, those rivers, coming through Israel, do not provide enough water to Jordan anymore."
I didn't know people celebrated marriages and funerals at the same time I got married this weekend and our rides back to the hotel showed up early
They will finally reveal that bellamy is sanji's brother What do anime only viewers think will happen next? After seeing the new opening(Which teases some stuff that has happened in the manga) what do you think will happen after the silver mine arc?
Well maybe if he didn't smoke he'd have 24 gold medals instead of 23 I think the point is that it never held him back from his goals. Driven and hardworking individuals shouldn't be penalized because lazy and unmotivated burnouts use the same substance.
"But can you cook? ""This is definitive proof that women are becoming stronger and men are becoming codependent, oversensitive, overgrown children."" (This time I removed all the names)"
U WOT M8 I LUV SHINOBI FROG DONT U DARE ITS BEEN MY FAV FOR LIKE 10 YRS 1V1 ME ON SMASH SCRUB Greninja. Just to see how many people I could piss off
Well I don't think she is funny so now there is a controversy and all her videos need to be taken down. Her timing and soft tone mixed with light humor. Fuck I couldn't hate her if I tried. I hope she keeps her momentum going to make more great videos.
OBAMA! This was a really good story. Great job. Wonder who's the next reincarnation.
"Transformers 3? C'mon guys, lets hear it for 2011's cinematic achievements: .....crickets....."
Then it must be true! That guy's analysis is all over the map and incoherent.
That's because you're an idiot. I hate people who thinks personal attacks replaces arguments
What a crappy mirror... She has completely lost her mind!
"Yes, I'm sure they're shitting themselves. McDonalds! They are going to have to manage this phenomena very carefully. They have the most to lose. From a strategic point of view I could imagine it is a massive RED FLAG."
"Yes, Ambrose, Rollins and Reigns sell much less merch now that the shield is broke up. The Shield made a lot of money, didn't stop them from splitting"
"As an atheist, that song offends me because it mentions Jesus and prayer. Coo-coo-ca-choo, Mr. Robinson."
"Well, yeah, it's not rape if it's consensual. This is my success story"
"He told a crippled man to stand up and laughed right in his face when he couldn't What actually happened? I don't really follow shit like this, but now I'm curious"
Somehow I feel as though springing it on him in the middle of sex with no prior communication is the best way to go Bring it out during sex and see what he says.
Extremely. Does that make it illegal for me to visit the websit?
2ly jump range and like 4000 cargo space! Prediction: Absolutely nothing about flying a Panther Clipper will be exciting.
Our leaders tell us they are our enemy... Why would you assume that the US has an interest in ending ISIS? iSIS is attacking ALL of the US/Israel's enemies.
Like Kenny Hill ITT: People naming players with easy schedules. You have to have at least one quality performance against a good team on a national stage.
When does the bootlooping start? Five new LG mid-range smartphones for CES 2017
"Hey now, we never hear his name pronounced so maybe it's actually ""Jiffca"". Yes. Thank you for this one in particular. HEAR THAT, 'JIFFERS?'"
"Psh, i have a 3 million dollar zimbabwe note that begs to differ! Oh, yes we can - Venezuela and Zimbabwe are only two recent examples of countries going broke."
#TRIGGERED Sounds like you need some sensitivity training! Which five guys did they have to fuck to get *this* one some coverage
I think you dropped this: Kindred is a fun and fair champion.
"Obviously this card should give you three spare parts when it attacks. Why not? I mean, they get a card from Azure Drake no matter what."
Dive for that Weddle..... Official Game Thread: Baltimore Ravens (5-4) at Dallas Cowboys (8-1) ...
"But, we need to link it to the mass shooting in Oregon! 1 guy kills another guy. This happens roughly 44 times a day in the US."
I think obvious sarcasm shouldnt require a What opinion will reddit hate you for?
"Ahh, like Bowser's Fire! Tell you what- I'll believe that lasers are the best move when they come out in one frame, give invincibility, and can be jump canceled."
"And I'm sure they immediately found some way to use it to oppress the Palestinians. Israel discovers large Byzantine-era wine press - 1,400-year-old device reflects very complex level of technology."
"racism only works one way What is really funny, though, is that many of those same people called ""racist"" and ""retrograde"" anyone who complained that a black actor would play Heimdall in ""Thor"", because it's someone who does not exist."
"oh come on, why not ask that he massacre a roomful of children? Christ do you reckon they might consider showing him fucking some shit up? Maybe just a small little massacre?"
"yeah, such a down to earth fan, comparing their football squad to the baroque art movement. This sounds like a really down to earth post from a fan... I can't help but believe that you only got downvotes because of your flair. It's a shame, really."
"Yeah, just like playing GTA is asking to be violently killed. Dont forget 50 shades of grey. Reading books means theyre asking for it, apparently."
"Nah bro, 4s of lag was fun Just that this time, hopefully, their scaling tech should actually scale..."
oh I see so it'd be a better look for future if his collab album with a more popular artist sold *less* yes even tho he carried the music
zaboravio si Nikad veci falsifikat nisam video. Drzim palceve da makar da ova lokalna dzukela bude smenjena kada se Vucic bude distancirao od ovakve politike.
"i mean, i know i do It read like a string you'd give to a command line. Like people just flop out their dicks at the drop of ""show cock""."
"Yeah, but only 70% of zero....fuckers.... There is no need for money in the future, so they all get paid zero."
its probably because we keep teaching boys not to rape now. TIL rape in the US has been declining rapidly for 40 years.
"yup, the parties are monolithic and static. The two party system is the problem.. Corporate dems or repubs, pick your poison."
"Except for the fans bitching about not drafting MCW instead. Exactly. Most the frustration is that he was a bust for the most part. If we drafted ET in the late first he would have been loved here. I actually like ET as a personality and competitor, but he was a bust. Same thing for Anthony Bennett. If Cavs picked him with the 10th pick nobody would really give a shit."
"Chara, sit down.. I'am GAME THREAD: HABS @ BRUINS OR: GOOD GUYS VS. BAD GUYS! FUCK THE HABS! LETS GO B'S!"
"But ya know, God had a plan for the little ones, and though that little girl's brains are all over the carpet, I despair not, for I know it is in God's Plan, and I should Trust in Him. Let's take a moment to honor the fallen and celebrate their sacrifice. Every year, more preschool children are killed in our country by guns than police officers. Of course, that happens because we are free--free to own and use deadly weapons without even needing background checks or safety classes! With that freedom comes a few unwanted deaths. So, thank you to all the brave toddlers out there who are willing to sacrifice themselves every day so that you and I might own a gun. Let's celebrate their bravery &amp; sacrifice!"
"I'll shoot myself if they don't announce a genderless OE, legacy or not Nico Live 10/31 Starts at 8pm JST. I'm so confident that either Roche or Limera will get OE that I'm willing to read the entire Bee Movie script if neither of them get it."
"Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Ben-Laden, Boko Haram, ils ont tous grandi en banlieue 20 ans apres La Haine 10 ans apres les emeutes Bienvenue a l'atterrissage"
"I guess the thought process is, with friends like these, who needs enemies Frightening on too many levels. These are our allies in the region? Shows what that counts for. Invest in green energy to disempower these fascist clowns"
Yu-gi-oh-no-you-didn't just make fun of that dude's virginity! My hair will protect my virginity.
"""Brave snake saves drowning fish"" *this* is what the GCSB is for"
"Sorry....I dropped this: The tank was already split and leaking in several places. Even if you managed to blow it back out, it'd still leak"
"Forget impure women I'm violently opposed to unfree pornography. I think that thread was on SRD already... basically a woman who posed nude on Reddit implied she did it to make some money down the road. Which, you know, is wildly offensive to a certain demographic."
"Well she goes to auburn so she probs does moo now Well does she go ""moo"" or not bro? That's the only way to know if he was right or not."
But think about the rich stealing culture Slovakia could lose! That should be labeled common sense.
"Getting ready to go to Canada as we speak. So American Muslims, how does it feel that your nation is one step closer to being ruled by Trump? Can add this to the list of things why i'm so grateful I am not American"
If he was Black then yes If he was white then he was 'just confused' It goes beyond that into the realm of terrorist act.
Both sides! That last bit was a totally incorrect statement.
"It has no Anti-Mass Spectrometer, so nope, it's not it How about this for the IRL Black Mesa Research Facility?"
Pretty easy to survive something that never happened and holocaust survivor
"Respawn now for 25 credits! I'd like to see a ""Respawn Now"" button added when they make Skirmish a game mode. Kill cams are an important part of learning to play a hero better and losing them would hinder development, but I'd like to have the option to get back in to the action faster."
"Everytime OMG, when has this *ever happened*?!? When has some guy ever gotten ""friendzoned"", then she goes after someone, has a few babies, and then says ""Hey, I should get with that one guy I'm not attracted to from high school!""?"
But the Sabres didn't get Babcock Lose out on McDavid but get Babcock. Nice consolation prize.
In for a penny in for a pound is what I like to go by! [GONE GENOCIDAL]
cause apparently if you had read between the lines like the rest of us it's obvious why do you suspect Jay was a CI or that he had any information the police would care about?
2nd Amendment freedom isn't free. Unfortunately traffic stops can be life or death for the officer.
"Don't be silly, men have all of the power because of patriarchy so don't have anything to fear unlike women Do women realize how scary this is to watch as a man? Any time a woman gets mad, gets upset, gets frustrated with a man she can just yell: ""RAPE!"". The police will never EVER take a man's word over a woman's. Unless you have hard evidence like this guy has you're screwed. It's terrifying to watch this."
The fact that it will get stuck to the windshield. and whats stopping the wind from taking it down the block?
"Ah, yes, the horror of being able to do things with my property that I would like to do. A lot of these community ordinances were enacted in the 1960s and 1970s, during the heyday of the space age. The utopian dream was that Americans would live in their high-tech homes, living their high-tech lives, freed from the drudgery of growing one's own food. If you want to make this dream come true, you need to start by outlawing the things that contradict it."
"Yeah, that's worth burning someone alive over. Wasn't there a black family on stage speaking about the loss of their child when this ""black protester"" asshole starting screaming at the black family calling the black man on stage ""uncle tom""?"
"right: to hell with the corrupt politicians paid by the corrupt plutocrats let's just embrace the actual corrupt plutocrats because Donald has never claimed that he's not paying politicians to benefit himself. He does it because that's his job. Hillary on the other hand, tries to sell herself as the little abuela that dindu nuffin wrong, when there is proof that she sells herself to billionaires, and better yet, he was willing to take money from HER OPPONENT."
545k sold 5.45M pirated Dark Souls 3 sells at least 545k units on PC alone in just 4 days
"We have the best healthcare system in the world! The USA is the only country where this could happen. 'MURICA! Also, cool dad."
"yeah we should publicly execute ppl who try to scam pixels People setting up stuff like this should get shot, honestly..."
"So easy I did it a few times, just to make sure it wasn't a fluke. What's your early voting experience been like?"
"But... but the Fed says we've not had much inflation at all! My grandparents were married at ~22 and with a house that only cost $20,000 (I know, inflation and all, but still...). It really makes me wonder if just I'm terrible at life, or if our generation really is fucked or a little of both."
Obama is finally going to prison for his crimes of being a socialist Muslim from Nigeria! When I heard President Obama will be the first sitting president to visit a prison.
Mmm gas station food Subway needs to step up it's game. This is Safeway's $5 sub.
"Yes, all teenagers lack any wisdom whatsoever. Cancerish. Cancerish.... Saying teenagers can be a source of wisdom too is like saying a drunken chimp still has a chance of typing a semi-coherent sentence given enough time."
"Pff, noob, I bring my cello. Violin."
Clearly one of them was adopted! I think its pretty clear that Chloe knows who Rachel's Parents are... and she knows who Max's parents are...
"Riot should stop trying to fuck over gambit I've never been affected by it but saw it happen a bunch of time in competitive matches, mostly gambit's."
"Yea no worries, we'll keep the undesirables out of your holy land of Ranch. I saw a homeless man walk out of a CVS in Highlands Ranch, unwrap a Reese's PB Cup, and just throw his wrapper to the wind with this smug ""Fuck you rich people"" look on his face. I nearly lost my shit. Please don't force them to the suburbs!"
Are we sure he isn't a senator. someone show this man a snowball in the summer
I don't care about my teammates. It's not obvious if you're not the one who is spotting it.
"Oh yeah, because I just spoiled the entire show for you. FUCK YOU I'M NOT DONE WITH IT YET **SHIT**"
Oh no... what will we ever do.... Schalk Burger ruled out of Springboks upcoming Test series against Ireland due to ankle injury
Will someone please think about the other guy who is stuck sitting on his ass with nothing to do! whaaaaaaat?? I love plex. Thanks for the info
With your complementary metric system But mah freedom calendar...
Ask if they dropped this: Darn it. It seems I can't sense when people are being sarcastic anymore
Cause only islamists censor nudity. pretty islamic that they were censored. FTFY
can we PLEASE get a video of faker's dick Request someone to make a video of Faker flirting with the korean interview girl.
Oooooh looks like I can get my partial Shola boner back as we return to the beloved target man football. Andy Carroll To Be Offered To NUFC
"That Stars/ Wings game where there was something like 15 goals scored. Best NHL game of the 2014/15 season??? We're in August, which is rubbish for hockey fans! Re-watching last seasons games is all I can do to get my hockey fix. I've finished re-watching all of my beloved Sharks games so now need to branch out. So...what was your favourite game of last season and why?"
Too soon Columbine.
"The first thing I did when he was elected was stop buying things just to prove a point ""I have a simpler reason why conservatives are acting the way they are. Obama is in the White House so they are doing everything they can to destroy the economy to make him look bad."""
100000% real Yeezy Boost 750
"""Get on the plane and go home,"" maybe? Sounded like, ""Go stand right there,"" to me."
"It's the Patriarchy's final insult- be dominate, portray The Man as bumbling idiots, implying all those oppressed are even bigger morons. but yet we still managed to conquer the world... several times."
"I like to scream profanities at my parents when I get in trouble, it tends to astonish and confuse them as well as taking away any parental powers they have by tricking them into thinking you're on the same level. Thank you for your help. Do you have any way to soften the impact, by any chance? I've tried apologising to get mum, but nothing worked."
Because target is superior duh Why does your sub look nicer than ours? :c
"TIL referenda always lead to the right decision! Didn't they just vote against this in, where was it, Switzerland or something?"
PC peasants don't clean the floor but glorious console master race are very esthetic Ark: Survival Evolved - PC vs. Xbox One Comparison
He's totally gonna kick Superman's ass with his kryptonite ring! I think this is great.....but what the fuck is batman gonna do ?
like the entire show amirite uniforms are trash
because pillars are for rich people and rich people are dumb why are pillars dumb?
"So youre telling me that the number 1 team in the world is Australian? Actually, Fnatic was technically an Australian org, then it registered in the UK and now has it's HQ there."
I heard Steve Nash was free! Are there any free agent options at point guard? There has to be someone out there who's better than Steve Blake. He's horrendous.
"Nah man, it's total ""savagery"" Anyone else think these kind of 'X player does Y seemingly trivial thing reflecting of poor character' chirps got played out like 4 seconds after rolling out? It's so lazy. You see GDTs, and some fanbases are worse than others, but it's a bunch of 'Patrick Kane leaves the water on when he brushes his teeth,' or 'Joe Thornton drinks the last of the OJ and then leaves the carton.' It's like barely saying anything. No originality, specificity, or personality. It's like Mad Libs for chirps, and Mad Libs are hot garbage."
"didnt you know this is reddit, everybody's hobby is cooking michelin grade meals from raw grains Do you even shop at a grocery store I think you are wrong"
"I bet low crime too! Jeez, that's a fucking poor ass town. But there's no black people so I guess at the very least we can congratulate the town for not reinforcing racial stereotypes. Good for them."
"Because Sarah Palin knows all about winning. Sarah Palin will work to defeat House Speaker Paul Ryan by backing his primary opponent in Wisconsin, the former Alaska governor told CNN's Jake Tapper."
I never scream OP when Grommash charges my face for 10-12 damage. Every high cost card is much better if you can fit in a hero power too at 10 mana. Then it's effectively 10 damage instead of 8. People would definitely scream OP if they lose to it.
Didn't stop Obama. Muslim.
"best answer, much secure Use a word processor. Write all your password, usernames....for all sites. Highlight all the page and change the font to white. So if someone opens the file .Its empty. To see whats on that page left click and choose select all!!!"
"Ahhh, I bet it's just decorative, right? I'm not a gun person, but *physics*, you know?? There's this giant shoulder-shaped thing at the friendly end of the big boom stick -- *what could be its purpose???*"
Harry hater is the viral sensation the world deserves. He's no Harry Hater
"Needs more CircleJerk Uh-oh, you're not with Telstra Broadband are you?"
$220... yeah that'll teach him Auburn deputy mayor Salim Mehajer fined $220 for shutting streets for lavish wedding
"Because we all get Free boats from Obama.. and who does not want a free boat. the public isn't responding to slow, non-threatening sea level rise, so they sent in the pseudo-science hit men to fake up another paper to make headlines"
You have clearly never heard of the Toyota Estima Lucida G Luxury Joyful Canopy Literally the best name ever bestowed on a car.
El Chapo Can anyone name a terrorist who came over the border illegally? This is like the whole 9/11 terrorists coming in through Canada. People keep saying it when it's bullshit.
"But he said mean things about Nazis, so he must be an anti-white puppet of the jews! You obviously don't know a single fucking thing about Thompson."
Yeah girls with jobs are wrong af true fam? You with the wrong girl
Doesn't the wood melt? Anyone know why the wood does not catch on fire?
Yes the relationship between mother and child is truly revolting. Fucking disgusting. Why do all chicks want to go through this nasty ass shit.
"I guess new players would get confused by it. What if Overload was just an option? I know a lot of people hate the Overload mechanic and have suggested multiple ways of fixing it, but I thought of one that I haven't heard before. Let's say you're running 2 Feral Spirits in your deck. You draw the first on turn 3 and play it immediately, costing 3 mana and 2 the next turn. But you don't draw the second until turn 13. You're hoping to draw Nefarian or Ysera or Rafaam any turn now, but if you play Feral Spirit, you won't be able to play it on the draw because you will be Overloaded to 8 mana. So instead of the Overload, you play it as a 5 mana card since you have the total mana required, retaining 10 mana for next turn. Would this be OP or would it be generally balanced?"
"Looks like a start of a Ice Age, your doomed. Grass looks odd?"
**Freud**. Porn lately...
"Mmmkay, way to once again say things that are relevant to the conversation Don't worry, Kasich will privatize Medicare too"
Yeah I forgot how injured those Spurs/Lakers teams were I'm hearing a lot of excuses. Literally every other MVP that bookends Nash eventually got through to the finals at the very least. Every team has injuries and issues.
Arm the firefighters! Fire fighters don't get paid enough.
"The thought crossed my mind. Are people really that stupid? Do they realize uber drivers aren't the only ones who drive cars? That's just stupid, getting in a random without checking that it's your ride first. That's how people get murdered."
"There are two perfectly good roads not being used! Rush Hour in Hanoi, Vietnam"
He was hanging out with Applewhite alot... Is this former UT OC Harsin?
"Wow, what an original name Surprisingly yes. It's male bees according to the spreadsheet."
"Right, cupolas never hold up! Very cool looking, but it doesn't seem like it'd be very load bearing."
Yeah the founders of this country were fucking idiots. Libertarians are imbeciles.
That's super ethical. Sarah Jeong of Motherboard (Vice) attacking a small business with smears to her 18k followers because employee pointed out an error of hers.
"Yeah there really should be one of those my bad sarcasm is hard to see on the interwebs, there should be an emoji for it but then people would use that emoji to be sarcastic..."
"But my weight doesn't affect you! I had a window seat once, and the middle guy was a large obese man (mind you, I'm a relatively small female as far as weight) he fell asleep right when the plane started moving and was basically half way on my seat leaning my way the WHOLE flight. It was a 3 hour flight. I was so mad, he also smelled horrible."
Game literally unplayable now. Somehow i feel sad
"Yeah, going Yoda and saying ""Of the tenth month the nineteenth day in 2011"" is clearly the best way to go. don't forget though that the american one is good for conversation, because, when you are talking you say ""on december 19th i'll be driving out to the farm"" so 12-19-2011 would make sense but the euro system is jsut completely retarded"
"Yes, because as a large-breasted woman, I am completely unaware that I have big boobs. When a message starts with 'may I be honest'..."
And cousin fucking And booze
"Just stop speaking English if you're not white - it's cultural appropriation. ""aromanticism and sexuality are white concepts"""
"Like ... *seal* clubbing? I really thought when OP meant clubs, they meant clubbing."
Only if he have John Cena's body and Brad Pitt's face (from Fight C**b). I fucked a straight guy once and then we watched sports and worked on cars. Is that bro enough for the homophobic assholes in this sub?
Teen charged with assault on an officer and resisting arrest. Tracy teen attacked by police K-9 after finishing homework
"pedophelia duh. I would counter that with: Why is it that we percieve such statues as impropper? (don't answer with ""just because that's what we say is bad"")"
He's not as good as John from new York. Anyone ever stay with Clayton in austin tx?
I'm so glad they decided to bring back the multiverse. DC Rebirth by Stephen Byrne
Downvote this man for not knowing pop culture terms that trivialize research and conspiracy! She's so woke? Wtf does that even mean?
What an original post Darksouls never fails to make me laugh with it's player messages.
Because it would be morally wrong to post them if you didn't learn them today! How come I already know most of the TIL stories but never think to post them?
"Those military folk - 'takers' too... Support our troops, right Dick? At least until they come home, then screw 'em."
"No its okay those are only harmless firecrackers Israeli boy, 4, killed by Gaza mortar in south; Rocket sirens wail in Tel Aviv"
"Well, in that case, let's throw democracy out the window and use something else. Somebody famous once said something about democracy making one man's ignorance equally as valid as another man's knowledge"
ya screw the idea of it taking skill No overheads in last man standing please. Otherwise it will be a piece of cake for players who have been NH hybriding since their mum bought them membership on their 12th birthday back in actual '07.
"I don't understand, I sell all my items to them! My first scammer"
"Screams hey Hot chicks This is where the Manly Men Live Five retarded hyper-""masculine"" students, methinks?"
"If you don't hang out with any guys at all, you're a FILTHY WHORESLUTCUNT! Yeah, apparently it does. Shame on me!"
I'm sure his sentencing would have been just as light as hers. Woman creates fake Facebook profile and sends herself threatening messages to try and frame her ex-boyfriend. He was arrested four times before an investigation revealed the truth.
"Yeah it's not like the Government lies to us about not spying or anything? People who try and blame the American government for 9/11 make me very, very angry."
"steel cased ammo is made for mag dumps cuz you cant reload it and then you dont have to walk around and pick it up Don't mag dump constantly like a retard, and you'll be ok."
but he was LE pre-patch :/// LE? More like MGE.
You mean fraud will go through the roof! But then the poor and the negroes will vote too!
"Yay... San Antonio... Does his shirt say ""I Can't Spell"" or"
"Well gee whiz, child, I hope more notable people *die* so you can feel more excited Usually this time of year people start making Dead Celebrity List's. Over the years I've gotten used to it, but this year seems like a dud. Like there isn't many notable celebs who have keeel'd over. I feel bad for this guy but i don't really know who he is!"
"I was already convinced of my own superiority, but thanks. The Superiority of Economists"
"You'll need a Konami ID Question about how the online features work... Hey, does anyone know if we are going to need PS+ for the FOB infiltrations ? It will certainly be required for MGO, but the infiltrations seems like something they could cut us some slack on. Sort of like how in Watch_Dogs your game could be invaded by other players without needing PS+, but you couldn't play the multiplayer death match stuff without it."
Obviously played on consoles But PC Gaming is dead
"Naw, reddit comments are way better. discuss this with her"
"Yeah, let me just queue up in the line while zombies run around you know you can check out books for free. no need to steal.:)"
Probably just an excuse to get surveillance on the guy with a secret body cam An officer in a neighboring department making us all proud
All the ones that missed didn't register that's so unlike the m16 Please put the speed of the video in .25 and see how my bullets didn't register.
"I thought Catholics didn't mind porn, you know as long as they didn't use condoms or other forms of birth control. Thanks for clearing that up Catholics!"
Ahhhhhh if only we had a number one center all year it would be nice to see them both hit 30. but I think Patches hits 30 and chucky finishes the season with 29.
"No he's clearly a mass murderer, he probably has bodies hidden under his bed. It sounds like he was trying to draw you something that he thought was really cool and trying to share that with you. That was nice of him."
"*not in this thread it's not... I got yelled at for using broad generalizations with the phrase ""most people"", so you're not allowed to round up...* it's 14.8, so rounding up it is 15%.. close enough"
I don't know how a show about a serial killing cannibal would have desensitized you to scenes of cannibalism. After watching Hannibal season 2 the whole guy eating Bob's leg scene was not as traumatizing as it was suppose to be. and sort of a rerun.
Is it hard to Quickscope while walking at an incline? Lost 70 pounds (290 lbs to 220 lbs) in one year while playing video games. This was my set-up during that time.
"Hey man, Team Liquid was purposely throwing games to make Piglet look bad so Piglet wouldn't get team offers Destroy reputation to make cumming hate riot. That's so dumb."
"Make a bunch of Alta to upvote your submissions. Increase chances of getting chosen for Replay Hut? (Before you spam me with hate, please read this. That way you'll get an idea of where I'm coming from.) I'm not planning on getting into every Replay Hut, but lately, I've been feeling like I'm not good enough for it. I always chose my best clips, follow the guidelines and submit them. Then, when the video finally comes out, I'm nowhere to be seen. The other players clips are good, but I think mine were just as worthy. I know, not everyone will get chosen for Replay Hut, but this is just so I can get a better chance at being chosen. I see alot of dunks, disrespect, and kill combos. Those are the types of clips I've been submitting. What do you guys think I should do?"
Premium meme. Arthur vs youtube
Yeah because this was totally luck based I feel like there should be a clearly defined line between BLB and MMM. This one is flirting with that line.
"Not Goddamned fast enough..... Luckily, religion is becoming less popular as well."
trade your selena for merit points to get a legend stone Would've been nice to have an Omni Evolution today
He's probably pissed about no new macbook pros. This guy walks into an Apple store and breaks Apple products because he was unhappy with their support!
The vast majority of these downvotes no doubt coming from Chelsea fans who follow their team home and away every week yeah you're right but Mourinho made a quip about testicles so he'll be untouchable here for a week or so. Embrace the downvotes
im glad to see you added the dreamcast and its 4 games at the beginning there. Improved and expanded game library comparison
"Its a 1 in 2.5 million miracle by God! Are they aware Down's syndrome is caused by the non-disjuction of chromosome 21, so that one gamete has 3 copies of it and consequently the other gamete has only 1 copy? Do they know what happens if the gamete with 1 copy, instead of the one with 3, is fertilised? The embryo dies within hours. The mother doesn't even realize she was pregnant. Do they know that the bigger the chromosome, the more likely non-disjunction is? And do they know chromosome 21 is the smallest chromosome we have, and hence the least likely for this to happen? Do they know what happens if pretty much this happens to any other chromosome? Yes, the embryo dies within hours or days. Again, the mother doesn't even realize this happened. Do they know how often this happens? In 30% of fertilizations, which is one of the major reasons getting pregnant is difficult. For each baby born with Down's syndrome, nature kills 2.5 million ""babies"" because of a defect of exactly the same nature."
"Well that sounds like healthy way to cope Yes, several Jedi made statements in absolutes, so yes, everyone has a little Sith inside them. But that's kinda the point of the Jedi order, suppress all those things that lead to the dark side."
"But... the consumer always has the option of going to a different service provider and any attempt to put restrictions on agreements between private parties is literally slavery. Caps are nothing more than ISP's taxing you. Maybe more Republicans would wake up to it if we started branding ""overage fees"" as nothing more than usage taxes."
"They dropped the lower half of the ""X"", obviously PSA: Vanille will now have VIII synergy instead of XIII"
"It's the police tapping your line! Echo when talking? I was wondering if anyone else you talk to on your 6P complains of an echo when you talk on the phone. About four or five people have complained of an echo only when talking to me on my P, but not any other people they talk to. Anyone else have similar problems? I have T-Mobile, in case it is network related."
Intel Crim Logo.
FTFY I agree with it
"Wow simply amazing It's the small stories that I find the most impressive. There was an interrogation room in a police station. On the table were a pair of handcuffs, a saw, and some hand bones. Looks like the room was occupied when the bombs dropped..."
"This is great and all, but we should move onto topics that really matter like when SRS is getting banned. Just tried it. It works. I like it. If you don't you can opt out. I predict that this will be the least controversial announcement post ever."
Carne de pato no doubt quac?
Is Mercedes gonna participate? F1 set for 12-hour Abu Dhabi test day
"Wait for the pre-patch, it will be easier to get it after. Fuck I need to get my moose."
cheaters. That you based OP. BTW who the hell cheats in casual?
Wait what's going on? I bet this gets more votes than the Snowden/Greenwald/Poitras IAMA
"Then you are doing it wrong. ""We all have assistants, right?"" um, no"
"I'm sure someone will be prosecuted for this. CIA Apparently 'Impersonated' Senate Staffers To Gain Access To Documents On Shared Drives. ""The CIA accessed the Senate's private network to (presumably) gain access to works-in-progress."""
I'm glad you took the time to correct him That's false.
RBI and Runs Scored What are the last 2 20s
"Establishment is the democrats who want to raise taxes on these business heroes to help the unworthy, like black single mothers. This shows a fundamental difference in how the right and left see the world. To the right this isn't hypocrisy. These men aren't part of the ""establishment"", they are successful businessmen. The establishment are the politicians in Washington, and especially those who've been around for some time. Politicians who mostly don't accomplish much. On the flip side, these billionaires accomplished a lot, they were able to get things done to be successful. I know those on the left associate the rich with the establishment, but that's not how everyone views the term."
"Yeah you sound like a real fun person to hang out with. Everyone reacts very differently to drugs. But, I just started Finasteride 2-3 weeks ago. I was bracing for sexual, mental, physical side effects, after reading things on this sub. And guess what, nothing. I feel 100% exactly the same. And I am someone who has never had an altered mental state. I have never had a drop of alcohol, any drug, an energy drink, not even coffee. If there was a change I would have noticed it. I feel exactly the same, except slightly better when I see my hair falling out, because I get to think that in 6 months, it won't be. Get on the fin! It can only help and, at $3 a month, it's frankly stupid not to."
"Well yeah, because the people of India are not poor! And also something about how it discriminates against poor people, and yet India is 100% voter ID."
"Are you kidding me, the only Nazis left are trump supporters It happened before and the nazis lost so I guess the nazis are going to lose again"
Because you could totally do that to every player you play with without running out of reports because then i could just report someone for making a few small mistakes and just not play with him again even though everyone makes mistakes.
You really rekt those Japanese didn't ya! Pretty good first line. I guess
But shovel ready jobs! #FUCKING GUY ADDED 1 TRILLION TO OUR NATIONAL DEBT FOR EVERY YEAR HE WAS IN OFFICE.
"Estus chug speed is balanced, because you're supposed to be using the Estoc at all times and its running R1 is actually capable of interrupting chugs. Estoc, I love the diverse moveset. R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1,R1 - victory."
Michael Sam What player do you feel never had a fair shot in the NFL?
"Yes and all Germans voted for Hitler knowing he will become a dictator who will start WW2 and kill jews Except for the fact that all the countries in the EU had to apply and specifically wanted to be in the EU, but sure, great comparison."
"Ravana's ultimate. Which ability in the game do you think has the most kills? I'm sure the most kills have been made by basic attack, or even minions, but which ability has killed the most people throughout Smite's history? Would it be an ability of one of the oldest gods in the game, or maybe one belonging to one of the most popular gods like Neith's spirit arrow? Discuss!"
As a hetero white male #STOP OPPRESSING ME. I actually am a lesbian and I'm too lazy to do cartwheels
"Nah, they just really think that certain candidate is a stand up person and they believe in their political vision Using Super PACS and other campaign finance tools to support a candidate financially in return for preferential treatment regarding new laws and policies; or having laws and policies put in place to raise the barrier to entry into your market to discourage competition. Legal, yes. Moral.... Hahahahaha. Similarly, using tax loopholes to avoid their fair share of paying taxes."
"Because before Hamas there was peace between Israel and Palestine Gazans must get rid of Hamas - ""We Palestinians can no longer deny our responsibility for the death of our own people"""
"whew, bet getting that off your chest is a load off your mind. With this new sidebar I've become the worst kind of redditor."
IKR let's vote for both of them because they are so good to our city! And people think Ford and Mammolitti are in the wrong when they commit to challenge wasteful spending...
"But I thought Neil Armstrong heard the azan on the Moon? *In space, no one can hear the azan.*"
"Google is ""fighting"" real hard Google challenges U.S. gag order, citing First Amendment"
WELL WORK HARDER! Working on it!
"Obligatory gun nut vs anti gun comment 2 shot, 1 dead at Glendale, Arizona high school"
[](/rdwut) Your typical black person in the United States is white. your typical ANYTHING in america is going to be a white person based solely on the fact that white people are the largest portion of the country.
Lol totes legit Easy way to get skins! (Legit)
"Yeah man, the world would probably be better without any of em! fucking peptides, they will screw you every time!!! ....WTF is a peptide?"
"I loooove being canadian and their amazing video games prices. I you haven't already purchased Fallout 4, read this! Go on greenmangaming, and use the code ''SAVE20-NOVEMB-GAMING'' when prompted, to save 20% :D Especially useful for my Canadian brethren if you don't want to pay 80$ for the game."
"it's just as reasonable as the push in the opposite direction, for only the government to have guns.. because apparently America is never going to turn into a police state out of virtue of 'Murrica. On one hand is the push for EVERYONE to be fully armed (at school, at church, everywhere), but if you are employed by the federal government you must be unarmed any time your working. Ya, that's reasonable."
"Obligatory ""Jesus had two dads and he turned out alright"" Nah, they're the same God. Jesus was really hardcore. Also see revelation."
"Shouldn't you be apologizing to everyone in the league rather than posting here? Oh Canada You might think this is a post about a massive shift in my country, but indeed it is about a Canadian being the last remaining undefeated team in both fantasy football leagues. When does Toronto get their NFL team? Also the Jays won."
"Dont forget the drinking of 2 gallons of recovery water every day Russell Wilson's rehab plan: a live-in physical therapist, waking up in the middle of the night for treatment, and time in a sensory deprivation tank"
"Yeah they sure are catering to the competitive crowd with this one. Yeah, stupidest thing ever. Teammate was doing pristine job handling other guy, so I was whaling the same person the whole time. Nintendo and they're not wanting to hurt people's feelings"
Especially ones written by the idiots on this sub No bot could have that level of intelligence. Hell even super computers and shit would struggle to explain a joke.
Just British colonies right? Oh God. I hope they don't look into what the United States was before the Constitution
Maybe it could be used as a volume control and allows to hide the huge iOS volume indicator. Unless they can come up with a brilliant way to utilize I have to agree.
Let me know when you've found that biologically flawless human you've been seeking. Actually it is a biological flaw. Socially it's acceptable but biologically there is a flaw.
"Yes, and there's no chance that anyone could get their hands on that what with the phone never being connected to the internet and the NSA not having backdoors on many encryption algorithms. Everyone was finger and foot printed as a baby. Besides if this artist actually read the brief he would know the finger print is only stored on a special encrypted portion of the a7 chip."
"Lmfao, I bet the US would kick out all their diplomats. What if Nutyahoo, not Putin, hacked the DNC emails?"
"Yes, because what's basically a form of state fasting is totally the same as thinking abortion is murder. But this doesn't apply to Islamic countries at all does it?"
Childbirth obviously How are women tougher than men?
"Delete this right now! fucking lol ""severely limited"" kek"
I think it's that unit you're fighting... Uh...who the hell is Laris??
"You got something against Dre and Snoop? ~~Look~~ Listen on the bright side. Do you hear any wannabe gangsters blasting music from their cars at max volume? No? Good, there is a bright side to noise laws."
"Bernie Sanders? Word on the grapevine is Mike ""I am an ogre"" Pence will be down in New Orleans to campaign for Campbell's opponent this coming week. Anyone we can get to try from our side to endorse Campbell?"
"been getting all 4 kills for like 8 games in a row vs high ranks, killers not op at all 2 Pip game, no point farming, no cloak spamming, no rank 20s"
FTFY Sarcasm
"Preferably with a syringe so you can still pin the oil later Alright guys, I done goofed. I had an accident and need to know how to best clean test e off of my bathroom wall."
They identify as straight men. A Heartwarming Coming Out Story
"Batman Who is a match for a space marine in single combat? Standard space marine (no Grey Knights) with standard training and equipment. Opponent must be able to go toe to toe with Space Marine. Someone that would give a really good fight, not crush them with sheer daemonic power."
"Well, maybe not just a nice collarbone, but a nice neck too... It's insulting; it's like they're saying we get blinded by a nice collarbone and are too stupid to see that we're being treated like shit. Like lol no I don't care HOW cute someone is; if I don't like how I'm being treated, I'm outta there."
In all fairness it would aerate the soil. Government should hire people to dig ditches and hire more people to fill them back up. This generates consumer demand which results in economic growth.
"There go the homos again, ruining two good christian heterosexual marriages. Anti-Gay Christian Lawmakers in Michigan Planned Male Prostitute Hoax to Cover Up Their Own Affair"
Like from Terraria? I think it is an Ant lion.
"But Vallejo is such a lovely waterfront town! Not a big fan of Touro-CA, loved UW and OHSU, and liked but not loved PNWU."
"Hey now, there's no link between morbid obesity and health! with undeserved money comes with the consequences including your own conscience. Would you want to be making $4k+ a month lying to people and manipulating their feelings for your own personal gain knowing you're slowly causing them to kill themselves?"
ephixa Who is summer was fun? Ive seen lots of posts about him and his music and i was wondering who he was i thought he was dotexe's 2nd alias but im not sure if im right
"Must be from that series of Cocaine quality analysis studies US customs did TIL ~70% of Cocaine in the U.S. is cut with Levamisole, a toxic Chemo drug used to treat certain invasive cancers, because it looks like cocaine, maintains its consistency, acts as a stimulant, and even passes street purity tests. It lowers the body's WBCs &amp; Im..."
"Yes, it is important to credit/discredit news based upon the publication. Yeah I get all my political news from the Rolling Stone."
You mean Fred durst? TIL that Behind Blue Eyes by the Who is actually Pete Townshend's reflections on having been sexually abused as a child and it's aftermath. Incredibly powerful lyrics in this context. Listen to demo.
im so sick of laptops coming with installed bloatware New Asus mobile devices come with pre-installed Adblock Plus that's switched on by default
6k How much is that going for?
Ya it really sucks out of all the places they could have rented they chose that one Those assholes have ruined Rhodes park.
Good thing they had strict gun control laws so the terrorists couldn't get a hold of them 'Shoot-out' during Brussels raid - following anti-terror raid
that's ambitious winner of major 2020
"What about that mister bean episode? TIL If you try to touch a member of the Queen's Guard, they will shout ""Step back from the Queen's Guard"" and point their rifle at you."
"Wolf is coming to Smash 4 Switch confirmed Apparently the codename/placeholder for the Switch was ""Wolf""."
Sir how can you even bother criticizing GAMEPLAY when you CLEARLY aren't able to play stuff like this even in the slightest? because they can't remove it without breaking the soloqueue ladder either. classic riotgames
"We can't be the worst team, damn you 49ers and Browns... Best and worst point differential in divisional games: Panthers +81, Texans +76, Chiefs +66. 49ers -97, Browns -95, Dolphins -93 Panthers 5-1: Saints +5 / Buccaneers +14 / Saints +3 / Falcons +38 / Falcons -7 / Buccaneers +28 Texans 5-1: Colts -7 / Jaguars +11 / Titans +14 / Colts +6 / Titans +28 / Jaguars +24 Chiefs 5-1: Broncos -7 / Broncos +16 / Chargers +30 / Raiders +14 / Chargers +7 / Raiders +6 49ers 1-5: Cardinals -40 / Seahawks -17 / Rams -21 / Seahawks -16 / Cardinals -6 / Rams +3 Browns 1-5: Ravens +3 / Bengals -21 / Steelers -21 / Ravens -6 / Bengals -34 / Steelers -16 Dolphins 1-5: Bills -27 / Jets -13 / Patriots -29 / Bills -16 / Jets -8 / Patriots +10"
How else is my apartment building in BH going to keep fresh green grass that's cut every few days? Who do you talk to in Los Angeles to persuade the apt buildings and businesses to get control of their sprinkler systems? Most of the systems are watering the fucking sidewalk. It's like a flood rolling down the street some nights.
Trying to find that one Russian that's makes all viruses? Someone who designs browser malware/pop-ups/viruses. **My 5 Questions:** 1. What made you go into that? 2. Do you live off what you do as a source of revenue? 3. Do you feel bad about what you do? 4. Does anybody in real life know what you do? How do they react? 5. Does it bother you when you come across similar malware online? Feel free to add anything else worthy enough to contribute to the discussion.
"I would pay more for a version without brawl Super Smash Bros. ULTIMATE COLLECTION for Wii U, with Smash Bros. 64 HD, Smash Bros. Melee HD, Smash Bros. Brawl, and Smash Bros. 4 with all DLC. $100. Bold, but I'm predicting it."
yes and s1mple doesn't deserve anything bc he is savior of NA because shahzam is a piece of shit? he deserves everything coming to him.
"You don't need to post how to do it for people to end up knowing how, most of the people on reddit already know how to do it, don't need to tell them it works on more than barricades, and since it's the exact same thing, for sure Ubi knows, but I'd understand you if these internet points are more important for you. I did not explain how to make the glitch work. I have only posted a post-effect image. and Ubisoft needs to know about it. Cause all i've seen is the barricade glitch."
"omg iR is soooooo useless its like soooo 90s my TV doesnt have a iR blaster it uses wifi to turn on and off so that basically means its useless for everyone and google shouldnt include it I really love my nexus device but I don't understand why Google doesn't add a IR blaster to the nexus devices. Almost all household entertainment products are controlled by IR transmissions. It would be a huge convenience to be able to turn on my television, radio and other media device from my device. I am just wondering why Google wouldn't include it in a device. Cost is not an issue since the sensors cost is low. I hope that they include it for the 2016 nexus"
"Yeah, it probably cost a ton to rent that cliff for the day. Another cool video brought to you by: Rich Kid Sports"
"You'd need a 16 segment display to do that, imagine how easy that would be to read I like how, for the G's, only half of the segment is filled in."
"but baseball is boring, nothing ever happens This is one of the many reasons why I watch sports. You can't write this type of drama and emotion! The perfect ending to the trade saga bullshit for Wilmer. This was awesome. This could totally be one of those 30 for 30 shorts they have on the website."
Sure... Just heard of them.... For safety Ahh! I think I've heard the term now you say it. Thanks!
"So are the 90 people that didn't tell the truth and aren't lying the people who never bothered to send an appeal to Valve because they heard about how bad their support was? That's what I noticed. Even if ten people out of 1000 are telling the truth, the other 900 lying can ruin it for everyone. If the majority lies, then nobody's going to believe the minority who are telling the truth when they get caught up in a situation like this. It sucks."
But the gold plated one is sooo much *warmer*! It is. Digital signal is digital signal
But but but performing femininity is so empowering! How High Heels Became a Feminist Issue at Cannes - Outrage ensued after a group of women wearing flat shoes was turned away from a Cannes red carpet. Why is the high heel such a charged piece of clothing?
"Pssh, please... everyone here on reddit knows only the people responsible for skins work on the servers as well, that's why they're so shitty. So you all are NOT working on skins, gods and servers together? WOOT?!?!?! :D"
"o-o Dev Team lied, abandon ship! They lied about the backups! During Christmas! Well at least they didn't lose it all."
I divorced my wife and married my lawnmower because of gay marriage It won't fall apart until we see a writhing mass of naked men having gay sex to prevent future humans from coming back in time.
"y'all, do you think Liz has an edge ahead of the other HG's because of her slip &amp; fall in the bathroom? Late Night Live Feed Viewing Party - August 06, 2015 Welcome to the Late Night! Discuss tonight's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
What about the perfect life and boyfriend that she deserves? TL;DR: She started making *significantly* more money than him and decided to find some dumb excuse to dump him. Pretty simple.
Yeah all those vegan almonds almonds tho
Because the ME has never responded well to strongman politics before There's no way in hell Israel is concerned that Iranian military assets in Afghanistan will calm the region. Afghanistan and Pakistan would both be on high alert.
It's all about that functional strength and safety! It does feel completely different squatting Ina smith machine but all I find near me are crossfit gyms that charge an immense amount of money and they just give classes no gym use.
"Koreans praising the foreign team with the most koreans on it, what a surprise Interview - Dandy: ""Amazing is most like a Korean jungler"""
And we are going to love it! An exploding hell-monkey with lazoreyes and tear-gas farts!
"Totally Yep, all this. They should have just called it 5 right? Right??"
"Well I sure hope when it's the ninth inning and there's a ground ball that he doesn't double clutch and lose out on the double play opportunity, allowing the AL to inevitably win the game. I love Crawford and I think he deserves to be a perennial all star, but Diaz does lead NL SS in average, OBP, and wRC+. His glove has been undeniably shaky, but there's no need to pretend like he's a worthless player."
I mean if you have to play vs a Zerg :) I guess his SCV's were mining salt
"There are more quality posts, since I post more often than before People on this site often complain that Reddit has been going downhill. What do you think has gotten better about this site?"
A 100 Tanker long train. We need a long term solution to this
"but that puts me in an uncomfortable zone Who cares where trannies poop? If you look more like a dude, use the mens room, if you look more like a lady, use the womens room. if your genitals don't match, use a stall and be subtle about it."
"Well that's not a thinly veiled fetish request.... So my sister was selling shoes on eBay, and got a question.."
Yeah these kids from the new generation are so dumb! I like all the 12-year-olds in the comments that completely missed the point. Idk why I read the comments
"How can a non-profit organization possibly do that? As much as i like alcohol, i find it fucked up that the fifa can do this."
"Of course, who doesn't? So you feel that parents have a right to abuse their children?"
"Yeah, cause it was all Shaq, carrying Dwyane Wade and leading the Heat back from 2-0 down to win. How is it not close? Melo would have gotten a ring with Shaq too."
Because the Colts tried soooo hard that game Cowboys shut them down with their suspect defense before the Colts pulled the starters in the 3Q. Surprised they made it this far.
"Great, the one position white people had a lock on is in jeopardy now Marquette King is the punter America deserves"
"You mean his rapey fantasies that were forced upon you against your will don't turn you on? Now, HONESTLY, did that turn you on?"
I hope this is Congrats on leaving a soul-sucking dead end job and entering the exciting world of retail sales where you can really help people and make a difference! I hear Walmart treats their associates really well too!
"But, the police are like fascists man! Well now you've got 7 days advance notice, don't be a whiner, plan ahead."
"I don't know if it could defeat THE alan scott, maybe just an alan scott :P It could probably defeat the Alan Scott."
"Sounds like we've made a lot of progress since then. TIL in the 1600's London was plagued by an attacker who would grab unaccompanied women, lift their dress, smack their bare bottoms and yell ""spanko!"" while running away."
"ITT 2 players on the 90s bulls not named mj....but lebron had better teammates 1v1, which defender would you choose to guard LeBron, Kobe, Jordan and Wilt? Which defender would you want to defend these players from scoring on ONE play, not a game to 21, just one play. Kobe often calls Tony Allen the best defender he's ever had for example, Kawhi and Iggy come to mind for LeBron etc. etc."
"Yeah if you failed once why bother to try again? Well when they used their own ideas for the mini game rewards, not a single one passed. So doesn't it make sense to think ""Well maybe the community has a better idea of what they want from the rewards?"""
Your white male privilege is showing. no. it's terrible! Supergirl is superboring!
You can't just compliment a female athlete on her looks you jerk! Oh I agree. I just wanted to compliment her looks. Because it's good to see something other than dudes all the time. But I guess that's downvote material.
"hmm ban hammer. ""I want to v-clip into the sand trap room and use the sand trap"" Hmmmm."
"Right, because it's normal for the 318.9 million people in the US to do this. I dont kow but this this is becoming the norm in the USA... tommorrow nbody would care and just move to the next shooter."
"Meanwhile, I've been begging for The Witcher deathmatch for years now You're playing a wannabe-MMOFPS and expect solo content?"
"Yeah, she is really ugly. Getting boney. And look at her hands. Decades of starving are starting to show. I can't believe she's only 40. She looks older."
"What, not that single episode of Angel? Jeremy's breakthrough movie has got to be Hurt Locker. He had a big role in SWAT but that was a pretty cookie cutter role."
The future of NY is in good hands..... The Knicks' new point guards
"Clearly if you didn't feel cold vicariously through her, you didn't love her enough. My seemingly new ex gf"
cuz thinness is priority. Why does it need to be smaller?
"Sorry, I forgot the Why not just build a time machine? Easier said than done."
"This is r/politics....the EPA is good, and the government is not the problem the corporations are the problem... Haha exactly. People can think government should be involved in EVERY aspect of business all they want, but they still need to recognize this is the kind of shit that happens when government acts as an enabler. I *guarantee* you that if BP wasn't allowed to write off the loss, and BP's executives actually got into personal financial/legal trouble from this, the in-house procedures to prevent these types of total disasters would grow exponentially both in number and effectiveness in all serious businesses. Risk vs reward! Not that the spill doesn't suck total ass for BP, but it could suck a whoooooooooooole lot more if they didn't have these ridiculous ""corporations are not people"" shits going on."
They would never have such terrible dungeon design that you could get killed the instant you enter. it'd be hilarious if you entered a tomb and the bosses were already activated
We've got it so rough There are always lots of people that predict whoever New England plays to upset them.
Sounds legit. I found a new npc at college?
Sarcasm can't possibly be expressed through text. How i hope for the day when sarcasm can be expressed through text. Then I can stop making my self look dumb :D.
Yeah; that looks _just like_ Species. Full-length trailer for upcoming Scarlett Johansson Species-esque sexy alien film Under the Skin
"Its really just to make sure other girls can see your already taken. I just like when a girl spends time with me, regardless of what we're doing. My current girlfriend will wake up early just to run errands with me. That makes me feel loved more than anything else."
"I'm not a hipster, I just heard it before it was cool, that's all Nope, excitebike is old. I remember hearing it years ago."
"Yeah, you're right, wonder why he didn't think to do that he couldve cleared it"
"it's a trilby, okay, fedoras are sooo 2013... :@ It's killing him that the photographer told him he couldn't wear his fedora."
"but they are there so that means i have to buy them or im not getting the full experience You realize you don't *have* to buy microtransactions, right?"
"Of course the taliban would *never* harm children. The Taliban did not claim responsibility (and the article only alleges it), so they apparently have no intention to be connected to it ... The kind of accident we hear of repeatedly? Not a taliban at all? Why would the taliban actually do that?"
"yes antis, people care about her having sex and not the whole nazi part SJW's are trying to destroy Dan Lyons as a 'sexist' because of his Shanley piece. Now read about the rapist in their midst and their disgusting hypocrisy."
"Yes and YOU HAVE TO PICK ONE Lol, because the only two options are zero social programs or full blown socialism???? This type of argument only shows that you don't understand the issue."
You forgot the Maybe we should boycott them for doing business in such a backwards shit hole?
"but she has a vagina, so she's got that going for her... what a hoot... The most progressive, pro-corporate, pro-war, pro-Wall St. candidate ever. ever ever."
War on drugs being effective. I was at McDonalds last night and there was a drug bust.
"great idea, that ensures that pools will drop doge auxpow because it makes more work to set up and manage than it gives profit, causing the nethash to drop to new depth Now that auxpow should guarantee us a better net hashrate this isn't such a bad idea."
Yeah everyone wants to smell ass. A cop in my small town wrote someone a ticket for farting. A guy farted in front of the cop in line at sonic. my friend works for the police department and the cop even showed her the ticket.
I hate it when movies waste time giving characters personalities when there are buildings to smash. Well like him or not he's making at least the next two dc movies. But I know he pales in comparison to robert downeys 2 hour one liner features right?
"Not Jews, so who cares? Apartheid in Saudi Arabia."
"nice, this is a sign the negotiaions are nearly complete Pictures: Memphis Depay Puts His Rotterdam Apartment Up For Sale"
"But Kai wears a racing suit some times, and really nice shirts other times, that must make up for something Not to mention that their commentators put me to sleep after 5 minutes."
"His acting career provided him with absolutely no help or useful contacts at all The song is about starting at the bottom of the music industry, not wealth."
because they have no money Why?
"Wow it must be hard to have ""so much"" people looking down on you. Well that's all the proof I need. We had a good run, you guys."
"They're exactly the same! And who is counting Hillary's lies? You know she lies like a rug, too."
"Yeah he sucks, never mind the fact that he's consistently able to beat 98% of the players in the world and be an even match for players like SexsiRexsi, SamDaDude, Bennna, Halfghost, etc. NShadow is not good and don't bring him up in a list of good duel players again please. NShadow literally left 1:45 into the game because he died as Raijin."
"Yes because big muscles can *never* lift heavy weights. Somehow I've gotten to the point where people talk down for being aesthetic. Whenever I have a good pump going on in the weight room, one of the people I know, that I see most often in the gym, just HAS to comment that my body is just aesthetics and has ""no real horsepower."" I started at 140 pounds and am finally at the point where I can lift 225 on flat, I'm obviously here to get stronger. What are you talking shit for?"
One rich man's ass-wiping money is another poor man's treasure... And 20 gold. How is that treasure?
No riot is shit the company sucks ass now give moar skins so i can still waste my mom's money on it ty You do realise that there are things outside of the client that Riot have improved tremendously?
"And then the pigeons will evolve into humans The way our species is treating the Earth today, I doubt we'll exist very long. The jellyfish or the cockroaches will reign the Earth soon."
"Yes, the obvious logical thing to do is go in guns blazing. No. Russia has basically launched an invasion of Ukraine. They should be condemned. I'm not pro-America or anti-Russia, just a reasonable person."
"Sounds like a great way to lower unemployment Can you myopic dummies stop arguing about whether it is or isn't right to burn the flag, and *focus* on the fact that Trump isn't even president yet, and he has already begun to compose a list of forbidden expressions of opinion that will cause people to LOSE THEIR CITIZENSHIP?"
"Yeah, others must be so jealous of him. Real talk. Way too many of these comments are pansy-wansy BS."
"Yeah because a small poorly armed guerilla force has never beaten the mighty us military. the fact that the US armed forces have tanks , drones , airplanes , ships , artillery , and nukes. The whole ""guns are for rebellion"" thing might have worked in the days when all the army had was weapons as good as civvie ones , but it wont work anymore."
You can play your own Sandhowler into Third Wish Vetruvian Mirror Are there any cards that Vetruvians have that can deal with a turn 2 6/6 blast Sand Howler? Whenever I see this shit I just insta concede because I don't have anything that can deal with it.
But it has gold wheels They can dream
"Great another immigrant comic, haven't seen enough of those. Britain dies of anger"
"Well, since the comments don't mention lifting, AWALT or solipsism, they're clearly written by evil feeeeemales. LOL all the meaningless read lines. what does anything pointed at in the side bar have to do with the conversation roosh wants to have? nothing. How do the lines emphasized show deceit or feeeemaleness? they don't."
nice glasses Looks like something else needs a model rework
"Oh, I think you dropped this I will finally be able to get a decent beer in San Diego..."
"Yes, because it's that other company that keeps letting our iCloud data get breached. I think a possibly more important point is doing this while respecting privacy and leading in security. The main reason I don't have any products with Nest is because I don't trust them with my data. However I don't have those worries with Apple."
Banelings are all you need. go mutaling!!
Poe's law Use Pretty sure that was sarcasm. Kinda out of the ordinary that statutory rape is followed by a caps locked right on dude.
"But its automatically better than D3 because Blizzard is only in it for the money! After playing torchlight 2's beta, I realized the game looks shit, feels like shit, smells like shit, sounds like shit even taste like shit. Heck, if I see a shit on the street, I'll call it Torchlight immediately."
Then the Lord meant it to be. What happens if someone is raped and gets pregnant because of that?
"Yes, this photo clearly shows that she didn't look at her husband once during the whole ceremony. oh is that awesome? Its their fucking wedding day and this chick doesn't even care to look at the person she's marrying! Good luck to the groom."
"The first thing I'm doing when an epidemic occurs is heading straight to the hospital..... With the recent Ebola outbreak, the ""free"" healthcare circlejerk has returned in full force"
Is it still Maliki's fault at this point? Nimrud in Iraq has been destroyed by ISIS.
"Yes, let's add things that will delay the release even more! Dear Notch: please, make NPC's able to ""sleep"" in bed at night. Imagine: Minecraft 1.8, you have entered a villige at night. People's are sleeping in beds (have an animations of laying in bed), only guards are walking through the streets. If we want to buy something we must wait, until NPC's wake (or we must wake them). We can also (using sneaking) stole something from chests from NPC's houses. If we don't wake them, they don't attack us. Sorry for language, it sucks :(."
"Near constant rampages by armed, angry gun owners is just the price we have to pay so we don't have to live in fear! Gun owner has a fight with his Dad, so he grabs his rifle, grabs his truck, crosses into oncoming traffic to kill a motorcyclist, tries to carjack a woman and her 2 kids, and shoots it out with the cops. Fighting Tyranny!"
"Hell, we cant even apply sedition charges against him. Singapore Dy PM Asks India To Shed The Culture Of Accepting Mediocrity"
The year I was born was the year everything went downhill. These dang 2000s kids! I was born in the late 1990s! Everything was totally different!
"Wow, the one on the top looks so cinematic and immersive. Witcher 3 PC vs PS4"
"brb setting my region to asia Asian player here. Koreans are either super bad or super good. There's no in between. Probably due to the lack of fps culture there. The ones that are super good can and will count every single cooldowns and have pretty good positioning too. Their pure aim might be a little off but that's fine. And yea, it's quite common to see rank 60s and 70s with next to no game sense and feed every single life in Asia. Kinda dislike playing comp in Asia cos like every single rank 60s and 70s is a mixed bag. You don't know if they're actually good or terrible till the game starts."
"of course if there is no badge, then it can ONLY mean he is enemy, and he MUST be killed... They are a badge worn on the uniform collar at that time. If there was no badge it meant you were the enemy, thus the cut throat."
"Yeah, Egyptians were known for their inability to do complex math or planning. Seems like a gambing thing. I don't know if normal people had the habg of maths enough for rpgs."
"Oh fuck you and your logic. Yes, because selling your games online isn't more roundabout than selling it to EB games. From decision to actual sell, it takes me 20 minutes to get the deal done with EB. How long does it take for you to sell your game on CL or eBay hm?"
"If only u add No he didn't, sneaky and incarnation did. Hai played garbage jungle and muh shotcalling doesn't really help here."
Just like Mike Brown! he was a good boy he din do nuffin
"He works two full time jobs though, he can't be broke, just free...... I've reached the conclusion that this guy isn't really trying to prove any point, he's trying to get everything for free. He's trying to ride the train for free and when he's at BK he asks for his money back AND for a new order. I think he filmed it all to seem like an activist and a mad customer instead of a fucking broke deadbeat."
"And supply side economics works 100% of the time. Or he just thinks that there is no reason half the population should pay 0.00 in federal income tax, while the part of the population that earns 20% of the income pays 38% of the federal income tax. But hey....denying people a free-ride doesn't get votes and power now does it?"
But that means that your ying did more because it is 90k damage total but the enemy ying only did 80k I've seen Aggresion Pip more than once. I've also seen an Aggression Ying with 80k damage done and 10k healing compared to the enemy Ying's 40k damage done and 40k healing... We lost.
How about a mode where death timers are shortened and turrets are buffed Updated Rotating Game Mode Schedule: URF to Return on May 20th.
But they have one of the best defences in the league! FIFY: Removed team defense curse? Flames
"###i'm not fuckin smart ok I'm pretty sure the next one is anger. 0_o Thanks, btw!"
That's sexist Women would make very good snipers and scouts.
"Oh I guess our system is broken and Justin Trudeau should've never been elected because he wasn't voted in by a majority. 39.5% of people who voted in the 2015 general election voted Liberal. 39.5% is not a ""majority of the people voted him in"" and it certainly doesn't mean they voted Liberal because of any thoughts of legalization."
"I guess I shouldn't mention that eugenics article then. I understand your reaction to citing to PUA experiments, but it's not like he's using Josef Mengele to make his point."
"Yeah, the pro slavery parts are my favorite. The Constitution is the best document (behind the Bible) to have ever been written. Read it sometime. It's definitely not a proponent of ""full democracy""."
"Naw man that's a stupid name, who would ever name something like that? You could call it, ""Drunk Gamers""."
"Some people just seem to have certain genes that predispose them to violent behaviors, It's Not racist to say that those people are black. I've rarely met a racist who thought they were racist. ""I'm not racist, I'm just stating facts"" is what they'll tend to say."
"Not shitty enough, dickhead. Tempeh bacon tacos with mac and cheese"
"What, and that's supposed to be more important than my CS GO GIFs not working? Isn't he wrapping up his PhD?"
"but u kno, that doesn't mean anything because cultural marxist sjew indoctrination or w/e This is even taught in like primary school in some places."
I think you missed a Brexit then Trump win = tram flipped over trump/tram similar word - on 11/9 similar date to 9/11. Illuminati confirmed
Tell your bank or landlord better luck next month and spend mortgage/rent on a can. Some of us don't silencers ....or hosts :(
"Bigg boss so Indian. Pakistani television networks spending Rs 35-40 crore to buy Indian shows like Bigg Boss, Jodha Akbar"
"*To I mean, a tattoo artist can't be wrong. I hope he didn't pay TOO much."
"Sounds like the kind of nonsense a filthy space magic warlock would spout ! I say this as softly as I can. There is no grand conspiracy to keep titans forever weak in the crucible. I hope this doesn't sound like I'm trying to pick a fight, because I'm honestly not. Look, I get it. We all get it. Sunbreaker titans are amazing right now. I don't need to point out why so many people think so. It's been said over and over again. I just want to say this: **There is no grand conspiracy to keep titans forever weak in the crucible.** I've been reading the back and forth on this sub for the last few weeks, and the way some of you speak it's like you think there's a god damn race war going on. Like it's titans against hunters and warlocks competing for who can convince Bungie to ruin the others. It's not like that. At all. _We are titans, too._ Tons of us play all three classes, and the critiques we raise, we raise with the utmost objectivity. We're playing all of our characters, and coming to the conclusion that ""Wow, this thing is far and away the best class in the crucible right now."" To those that don't have the time or energy to play more than one character/class type, and that class happens to be a titan: _I understand._ Really, I do. I used to drag my titan kicking and screaming through Trials every week. It was harder than the other two characters; I'll be the first to admit that. I've been playing since launch and for the first time _EVER_ my titan is my go-to PvP character, and I'm loving every minute I play on it. After getting the short end of the stick in year one, calling it refreshing would be an understatement. And when I'm not playing on my titan, more often than not, if I'm being frustrated, it's by those that are playing on their titan. Just something to keep in mind amid some of these less-than-civil debates and sarcastic/overly salty posts I'm seeing here lately. **We're titans too. When we critique a subclass that we ourselves are playing, we're just trying to achieve balance. We're not attempting to ruin anyone's characters.** That is all."
I deleted mine 3 yrs ago But come on now....fb has just yesterday announced that they will put in ways to help prevent fake news........ Everybody needs to delete their Facebook. Mine's been deleted for almost 8 months and I don't miss it at all. Send Cuckaberg a message that we REFUSE to support his #FakeNews website.
Like marijuana and gay marriage. But Democrats are here to protect you by making everything scary illegal.
"Well if he isn't allowed to shit on people how can he feel better about himself? What do you gain by shitting all over that guys positivity? Seriously take a look in the mirror and decide if that's the kind of person you want to be. It's not edgy or cool, it's just sad."
It's harder to hear in India due to population density. Why are Indians always so loud in public places?
"Don't right click as Zarya, dude! all i can think while watching this: ""right click, hello?"""
"That must be why everyone who wears makeup has terrible skin. Various chemicals that women spend over half their lives covered in? I'm not complaining about makeup, but that's a lot of time with a bunch of whatever in her pores."
ITS HIS $19.99 A MONTH So I saw a tank with this meld today
Just a small little blip on Germany's stellar march towards a glorious multicultural future Migrant arrested in Germany after 90-year-old grandmother rape while returning from church
"Because he's going to make America great again! Industries heavily favored Trump. Random billionaires aren't the elite in this country, companies like AT&amp;T or TWC that throw millions into lobbying each year are the actual elite and they love Trump because he will throw out net neutrality. Other industries love Trump because he'll remove global warming legislation. Banks love him because he'll remove the regulations passed to prevent another banking collapse. All the REAL money loves Trump, he wants a 13% tax break for himself, while lowering it 1% for the avg American. How can anyone not see this as a massive victory for the elite and a giant fuck you to the average American?"
"I'm sure that would never happen. What if two equally large groups form, but both like it there and don't want to leave?"
"Nah I can't be fucked aye, way better to generalise billions of people at once and not look into the details If only more people could realise this"
That's taken out of context. And yet the bible explicitly states that women must remain silent in church.
"Yeah the lux with strength of the ages man totally OP I'm sure a gold elo player could've hard carried that game. That lux looked pretty solid though, and the jinx wasn't too bad either."
"Great logic there Don't know why people get so mad, I did it in my first try!"
"Oh boy, I can't wait till kickoff! Week 12 Pre-Gamethread: Chicago Bears (2-8) vs Tennessee Titans (5-6) Hope everyone had a nice holiday!"
But then you would have to stop because of the Sabbath... Oh the carnage it would create by rear ending that motherfucker. You'd be picking crap off your grill till sunday.
"I see you are the asshole who wants to get home 0.3 seconds before I do... fuck you, you're not merging Few people seem to get this. I hate people that use their turn signal long enough for the light to blink once as they're already halfway into the next lane. I can see you're changing lanes dickhead. Thanks. On the flip side, at least on 95 at rush hour, you have the people who see your turn signal and decide to speed up because you merging in front of them would literally be worse than the holocaust."
What makes you think you're qualified to know what is or isn't a great way to deal with bullying. That's stupid this is a great way to deal with bullying.
DDD trying to take our top tier privilege combos Reminds me of the duck hunt can to up air combo
"Lol four years is too far away for me to even think about..... It's too far from now to even consider giving a shit about who's running in 2020, but if anything, I think Clinton would do a huge favor for liberals if she would just go away. Like, please, just go away"
"Yes, because every person and every relationship is perfect so you should never have a reason to complain about them. Or maybe ""don't date someone you have to complain about""?"
"murder, jaywalking, these are both crimes and should be punished the same! Everyone who supported zero-tolerance polices, this is the result. This is not a wacky story of a school over-reacting. These are cases where schools are bound by ridiculous tough-on-crime laws to punish even minor infractions."
5/5 duh Is this a Joke?
"It's not, probably should have put Not sure that's true."
"Don't worry, the media will take them to task! ""English is currently defending his decision to ditch the ""housing minister"" title; he says if there are questions about soaring house prices in Auckland, for instance, those questions should be addressed to Auckland City Council not the government."" Wow. Is it just me or was Key not *that* transparent when trying to pass the buck?"
How could a first round draft pick possibly be expected to cover good receivers? He regressed hard because he was suddenly the #1 in a defensive unit that also contained Julian Edelman as a DB.
"That's why CO2 tanks best equipment On top of that, the value can be modified through Preventative Maintenance (driver perk, usually a good 5th+ option unless you have lots of fires like this) and automatic fire extinguishers, but won't reduce fuel cell fires"
She owns an ATM? Makes my girlfriend always believe I don't want to talk to her atm.
"TIL losing weight and get in better shape are complete opposites ""I'm out of excuses."""
"And sewn on dildos totally have the ability to aid reproduction, feel stimulated during sex and everything else a natural penis can Bro they can just sew on a dido, no big deal bro"
They sound like they are very cool people with a great attitude. Guys...
"like operating the manual clutch They just burned the few Abrams they captured, those tanks require expertise and logistics to operate that ISIS doesn't have."
We need more gun control to protect our police officers. Bank Robbery Suspect Who Fatally Shot Himself During Chase Was Former Atlanta Police Lieutenant
"Totally safe for work. F/25/5'4"" (198 lbs - 137 lbs = 61 lbs) 8 month mark!"
Excuse me as a victim of gun violence I find your use of the word trigger triggering to me Mansplain how the patriarchy is one of her triggers.
"Too bad, here I was hoping you'd further decreased the FOV, it was way too big in HM2! It's zoomed in, yes. The game usually has it zoomed out like Wrong Number."
and then Miles Morales will be Spider-Man in the solo films! So now you're prepared for that! Spider-Man dies! No one will see THAT coming!
"Thanks for that, really. I love AOA but all I can see at the top is Shrek ears O.O"
"Isn't family wonderful? My mom said this once to me :/ I was saying that if I would get pregnant and not find out until too late for an abortion, then I would give it away for adoption. Her answer: ""No, I would raise it."" Apparently, a non-existent baby is more important to her than I am... thanks, mom."
Learn their languages or you're a racist Languages: English
But that would be too hard Just don't go on Facebook until you get home then..?
"Wow, good luck telling that one to a priest. I had nothing at all to do with it. Works across the pond as well"
Her mistake was that she wasn't part of a 'herd' . American woman who died of measles was previously vaccinated against measles... total failure of vaccine covered up by quack vaccine propagandists
"It was a battery made from Samsung suppliers The million dollar question, was it an Apple battery or third party replacement?"
"Olly...? He is a great candidate, also, i don't remember any other good candidate."
"FAT AND FIRING AN ASSAULT RIFLE AT YOUR CHILDREN Europeans of Reddit, what is a dead-giveaway that someone is American?"
"No, a white power tie would be green, the color of Pepe. The white power tie ?"
"Well hey now let's evaluate the picture first and then make a decision. No no... none of that. She'll understand she was wrong now, soon or she'll see herself in the mirror years from now."
"Yeh talking heads, it's hilarious, people getting attacked and all, funny stuff News reporter freaks out on air after discovering what a 'Furry' is"
It's spouting things like that that gets a guy shadow banned. Use bing.
"All the ships landed on just one rock, small enough for someone to steal, makes sense. ""Just like hypothetically, if you stole Plymouth rock, would you get in trouble?"" ....He thought it was an actual rock"
The FBI is probably just collecting this to cover their tracks Hillary Clinton Campaign Headquarters Raided by FBI
"Its just a shame that she and the kids weren't carrying their own guns, cos they could have shot their Dad as soon as he started freaking out, and completely solved that problem. Colorado woman shot dead while on phone with 911 for 13 minutes"
"you say that like his skin color and hair aren't enough.... What has Sherman done to be called a thug?. He has no criminal record, he has a degree from one of the greatest universities. He does a lot of charity work in the community. The only thing i can think of, is his skin color and his hair"
It is his large reflect hitbox. And for some reason the shot at genji is always the first one it goes right to left but genji can be in the left corner and you will only fire one bullet
"You doubt me, I doubt you, it's almost like neither of us have all the facts. Considering that our broken system suppresses voter turnout in many key states, and considering our broken system includes republican gerrymandering, I have to doubt your knowledge on this topic."
"Brand new account, must be advertising for Earl's and Cactus Club. Avoid Primal. Overpriced and overhyped. A restaurant run by amateurs. Chianti's is decent but of course, a chain. Poverino's is decent as well. Taverna's used to be highly recommended but as of late it's faltered a bit. You can still get good dishes here but it's spotty. Seems to be who's in the kitchen. Not sure. Little Grouse on the Prairie is very good. I would hit this one up. You can also get decent pasta dishes at some of the larger established restaurants like Earl's or the Cactus club but their menus change periodically so their best pasta dishes aren't always available. Again, avoid Primal and the Hollows. Don't waste your money funding these frauds."
"If you paint your hand to look like a foot, does it really act like a foot though? Think about it like this. I have my physical hand, skin, bones, fingernails, etc. I take some paint and paint it to look like my foot. It is still my hand, just looks and acts like a foot now."
"You know damn well that this shot could only me made by master archer Lars Anderson! Former archer here. That's not as uncommon as one would think. And more so than satisfying, it's incredibly annoying, since professional arrows aren't exactly cheap. I felt like I just took a crap on a good post."
"What do you mean you don't benefit from trading the blood of foreigners for cheap oil at home? Na, you're not insane, man. In my opinion the people who don't share this viewpoint are the crazy ones. And if they're not crazy, then they're just ignorant and/or brainwashed by our militaristic culture. ""How dare you say this! They're HEROES who risk their lives every day for us to be able to enjoy the things we do."" What are they doing that is heroic? My life has not benefited from the bombing and killing that's happening on the clear opposite side of the planet. In fact, you could argue that it has had a negative impact on my life by making an entire region of the world/culture hate me, simply because the same flag that I live under is the one that is on the sleeves of the guys who blew their house up."
"So much fun! Eh, people have fun in different ways."
But... Where else are we gonna put that pipeline Europe needs so badly (so foreign special interests can undercut Russian fuel prices) Voting for conflict with russia over a shitty 3rd world country. That's what passes for rational these days.
"But tha scary mooslims are the real problem I hope everyone that voted for trump is happy with their decision in the coming years. Between the delicate situation abroad, a country that wants universal health care, an economy that needs help, and two supreme court justices, his actions will affect us for decades."
"No but you don't understand, all the ""x"", means all the ""x"" in the world, not all of the ""x"" needed or received... but he did take all the money..."
"why don't I ever end my sarcastic comments with I know, it's a joke"
i know it so great now instead of 1 from an energy refresh i can get a whopping 2 from the gear challenge Just wait for Sunday
Meeeeeeeeeee Who's the most rootinest and tootinest cowboy on this sub?
"Yes, because she will totally gain the attention of the art world by being a slightly cheaper version of Photoshop. Her improvement is amazing! Glad she didn't stick with anime."
"The Nazi flag just honors the brave soldiers of the third Reich, not Nazism. In response to the confederate flag ""Two things, that's not Texas being weird, it's America being great. Second, why can't people seem to understand that the Confederate flag doesn't represent racism in 99% of its use?"""
"Looks like you turned out just fine too! When I had my first kid, about 4..5 years ago, he was NICU for about the first week. (Everything is good, no worries) But the next 'pod' (they weren't really rooms, just an area with the Neonatal bed) was a woman with her daughter, and how dare her go and make her a grandmother at 31! Having a kid at 16.. I just did the math and kinda' gave her a funny look. We had a huge amount of laughs at her expense later that day."
"Yay, deceiving people on dating sites! You know what apparently works to get more matches? Put some sort of ""banner"" on your profile pic that says ""Match of the Day!"" or something like that, appearing to be generated from Tinder itself."
"Yea, but what if you want to live in the gaelteach in Dingle? That Irish is a valuable life tool. It's deader than Latin."
"BEST ADVICE NA Drink heavily. For real though I just play normals afterwards or dominion, that seems to help me every time. Just take breaks after a real bad game. Worst thing you can do is keep Queing for Ranked games after a bad one."
"Considering the Vatican is funding churches so their priests of choice can radicalize young Catholics, yeah, it's clearly discrimination. Are they blocking foreign funding of all churches? Will this hit the Catholics, and Scientology? Or are they just discriminating against Muslims?"
"OBVIOUSLY WE JUST TEACH CHILDREN NOT TO MAKE FUN OF FAT KIDS DUH PROBLEM SOLVED As a fat kid that grew up with poor eating habits I can say he's right. I feel like my childhood would have been much better had I eaten healthy rather than all the sugar, and ready to eat, shit I consumed."
But ... timegates dont exist ..... Big So I had 700 stone. The 4th and 5th are both Tiana. My 4th and 5th nat 5* after 2 years
They're *sensual* THOSE SLURPS ARE FUCKING TERRIFYING!
"But, but ""facts independently verified"" Einstein didn't fuck discover ""quanta""."
"You're right, all girls should only wear turtlenecks so guys don't get distracted, because we know guys have no self control and can't focus on anything else but boobs right? ""Omg stop objectifying me and pay attention to my skills and talent!"" -Shows off boobs on 70% of her videos."
"They can't help it, it's their culture! Only churches. We need to be culturally sensitive to Muslims and Jews."
"Our starters in the series: 21.0 IP, 15 H, 3 ER, 2 BB, 30 K It's a real shame the Braves won't be able to keep pace with the Nats with this piecemeal rotation. POST-GAME DISCUSSION: Braves vs. Marlins (Game 21)"
No doubt this carefully thought out and heavily researched medical coercion has failed due to patriarchy. Circumcision in Africa not preventing HIV
"You forgot this I don't see why a national anthem would be stupid unless patriotism is stupid, and it certainly isn't."
"Yeah, if the contract says you must do illegal things they can totally sue you for not doing those illegal things... Valve is contractually bond to not resell software...the get sued by these Yahoo's or Activision for breach of contract."
"20 hour news channels would actually have news If TV shows' titles were literally what the show was about, what show would be the most/least interesting?"
But the autism! People who don't immunize their children. You fuckers!
"Shhhhh... Unless her name is ""David Boudia"" we don't care about her. Old GOLD and Black! Purdue's Amanda Elmore Wins Gold in Rio"
"All I need are upvotes and I can ride my bike thousands of miles Your flag does say ""United States Minor Outlying Islands"", that might be farther than 100 miles from TN, with a few obstacles in the way."
"almost makes you want to vote again next time right? This was the first election I have ever voted in, now that I'm of age.......what a shitshow."
"you missed the Love the Drake song in the background. Toronto, you're lucky to have the coolest celebrity fan in the NBA."
"I am actually pretty sure they are implying that female nurses would do a better job than the hot male nurses who love to sleep with old ladies at other nursing homes. They're implying that ""women caring for women"" includes hiring young male strippers"
And RLCS is just fun skirmishes with a $50 prize Ehhhh this game isn't that competitive.
Put on a damn coat. I'm doing pretty well with an old AMD Athlon II X4 620 with 16 GB DDR3 and two GTX760s. I feel underdressed around here.
"Shit they will just blab on about the mysogeny of the law not allowing them to murder men, they are being oppressed after all I want to encounter someone like this in real life. I want to offer to them, that they should kill the next man they see. That they should reach out, and attack the closest man they can find, even myself. You see, they won't do it. Because they don't really believe these things. They WANT to believe those things, they want to be able to excuse violence against men, they want to be able to say that it's rational and even acceptable. They say these things because they want to dehumanize men, so that they don't feel as bad when they hear about it and so they can rationalize ignoring it to feed their victim mentality And if she does attack someone, if she attacks you. You send her loony ass to jail."
Xbox 360 Alternatives to PS3 and tv I'm selling my PS3 to make me stop being lazy. Because I've been playing too much this summer and have not been skating those hours a day instead.
"Yeah, after all they wouldn't default a meme subreddit. Most adults quickly grow weary of low effort memes. Keep your shitshow in your cesspool."
"this is why we need #meninism My sister used to teach preschool, and one girl in her class had just started learning the difference between boys and girls. However, she couldn't tell them part, so she would walk up to her classmates and ask ""do you have a penis or a vagina"". If the answer was penis, "" you can't play with me""."
"You forgot that every person who owns guns and commits a crime is absolutely intent on using them on police, rather than protecting themselves from the increased risk of their illegal activities. So the problem with him having guns for self defense was that what he was doing was dangerous enough he might actually have to use them? That's some pretty solid catch 22 shit right there."
"""Curious"" huh. Ive noticed a trend where right before the debates we get an influx of pro Trump. Almost like the normal people with jobs came in like a soccer subreddit during a game"
"Because, like, it's not, uh, eco-friendly, dude... Not sure why airboating in the Everglades is exactly a problem."
Fucking liberal Yes because punishing people for no deserved reason is the perfect way to have them reconsider you.
yeah but what have they done recently? Why Zuckerberg &amp; Chan's $3 billion investment to fight human disease just might live up to the hype
"No it is fucking terrible and spam, how fucking dare developers reach out to a smaller community about a game that works on their platform We're not inviting companies to spam ads. Anything that is spammed will be deleted. We're asking people who make games to tell us about their game. And people who make Linux gaming related content to tell us about that content. I don't think asking for people to tell us about Linux games on a Linux gaming sub is all that outrageous."
"PROVE IT, Internet random! Surface to Air Missles."
"it's Friday night in September in Texas... i bet nobody can guess where I'll be tonight? Daily Hangout Thread - 09.04.15 Welcome to today's thread! If you haven't been around before here is a quick explanation of these threads for you to enjoy! The Daily/Nightly thread is a place for you to enjoy the company of your fellow RAOAers in one place! This thread is for many aspects of communication such as: * Ranting * Squeeing * Venting * Chatting Plus many more fun things! So come on in, take your shoes off, relax and enjoy the company. **Choose your next reincarnation! Who or what will you be?**"
"But OP, if they are passing you on the right lane, and then you move into the right lane, how are they gonna pass you? This is getting worse"
"tmyk Eh. Depends on the clan really. Smaller clans tend to ignore complaints, but larger clans (like the RDDT family) have to maintain their reputation and will be more concerned about poor members."
thats sandbox mode and people will be toxic Be able to start a costum game with the lvl/farm/gold of your champ set before the match starts.
Competition But whats to stop them from now charging per GB? Nothing. It's a plus and a minus to win this battle.
Sweet Che Guevara shirt. My friend saved a sloth from the middle of the road
"poor poor Lucasarts TIL For Star Wars Episode I, sets were only built as tall as the actors' heads. The rest of the sets were created using CGI. However, Liam Neeson's height necessitated the rebuilding of the sets, which cost the production team an extra $150,000."
"I heard Firebat cheated on Amaz, and that's why he was fired..... Amaz even threw all of his clothes on the lawn. we want drama. fuck professionalism"
The different ethnic groups in Iraq have gotten along very well.... Why would any white person be afraid of the ending of their majority status? What is so bad about being a minority in the US?
Did you ask NARDO if it was OK to take a picture of his car? I always see r8s in midtown for some reason. Finally got to see one up close!
Wanna add blonde hair to that as well? I want my genetically engineered army to have beautiful blue eyes.
totally employable This is a tattoo
But they are totes lesbian and are not harming real lesbians in the slightest by erasing their identity and history. That's Dikipedia for ya. Did you know they replaced Sappho with Laverne Cox? Fucking Sappho!! Isn't that just the trans cult in a NUTShell?
Still waiting for Di Marzio to confirm it. United Sign Pogba
"I think that ""i can all nit fuck u bbe"" is possibly the most romantic thing I've ever read. I think he mistook me for a fryer..."
"Fucking thanks for helping us in the playoff race, Saints! In his last 2 games Brees has 0TDs and 6 INTs"
"But dae nvidia shills say 2 GB is plenty Now brothers, take lessons from this. Don't ever fell for that crap ""GPU can't utilize more than X RAM bs"". For the future buyer, if you are considering of buying RX 480, then please buy the 8 GB Variant( only $30 diff). You will be more future proof."
Duistere prins* Grab that dark prince while you can!
The author of this article is clearly in the pocket of both Monsanto and big Pharma. Stop misusing science to scare the world by Matt Ridley
"And screw those who only recently came back to the game! Because they all wanna be a special snowflake with their emblems and shaders, and 'how dare someone who hasn't put in the time like I have get all the challenges done at once' I'm all for it. The raid is boring as fuck lately and would mix it up"
Nah man it's only fun when you're actively crashing the truck into things This man has obviously never played European Truck Simulator 2 before.
We need another Stalin: he knew how to deal with dissenters... Good. These crazy fuckers need to be stopped. Our country needs to become less crazy.
"Like you never wanted to shoot somebody out on the road. Yikes. I just listened to a disturbing podcast, Sword and Scale (episode 54) today which had 911 recording from a dude that was shot in a road rage incident. People are crazy."
"using 'main' triggers 75% of this subreddit, not even What God do you main and why do you main him/her?"
"No, climate change isn't real. Another beauty day at Whistler Blackcomb."
"Yeah, dont worry about the enemies you're looking at The charm is the real reason we can ads R6 Gold Charm disappears after ADS? How do you get this to not happen? I just got the gold edition and love the charm but hate that it disappears."
"Oh so pedo's are complaining about gay people what a shock. The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic is not happy with the openly gay U.S. ambassador to the country, James Brewster."
"Looks like someone left a lens cap on, rookie mistake. Just took this selfie with my family here in Adelaide."
"Keep issuing fatwas and soon they won't mean very much. 70,000 Indian Muslim clerics issue fatwa against Isis..."
"Yeah, you sure are making a great point... First, ignoring is not the same as disagreeing with something. I assume we both can agree on that. Second, the original statement, was that a large number of Americans will disagree with something simply because the liberals believe it to be true. That was the entirety of the statement (maybe less a word or two). In context, we could apply it to the discussion of global warming, which even as a conservative, I feel humans have caused a blatantly obvious effect. However, the comment pretty clearly removes itself from context of this article and reads with a ""generally speaking"" tone. Further, ""believe to be true"" is not the same as actually true. With that in mind, the notion that it's false that ""generally speaking, a large number of Americans will disagree with something just because conservatives believe it to be true"" is laughable you fucking clown"
"So it's cool for us to throw around ""Nazis"" like crazy after 68 years, but after a few centuries it's still not cool to say the 'n-word'? It's *their* n-word"
That's a great team you picked there A line-up that I would love to see in pre-season. What do you guys think?
"It's cool Holtby and Emery are friends So if Chara comes skating after Nathan Gerbe and starts dropping haymakers on him, Gerbe should try and fail to stop him to prove his ""toughness"".. that's some pretty stupid logic. There are plenty of other ways to be tough while playing hockey. Hockey is a game where fighting is allowed (in some leagues) if two players consent to it it. It's not a fighting sport. Once you exceed the consent rule you are on the hook for civil and criminal liability. I'm still amazed from last year when that dumbass ref St. Laurent allowed Emery to assault Holtby despite Holtby's clear protest. If Holtby had been injured, particularly a concussion, the league would have been scrambling to cover their asses."
He's a pretty crappy web designer... none of the links work! What happens when you don't pay your web designer
"But Toews is the best overall player in the league, better than Crosby! hhahahahahahah Swap Kane with Toews and this makes sense"
"But lets try again, maybe this time will work. We tried a Christian Society run by the Rich."
"But we need women on a currency otherwise we are being sexist Don't get me wrong Harriet Tubman is a cool cat, but if we are changing someone on widely used currency like this the only person who should even be considered to be put on is FDR. The man is arguably the best we have ever had, and for sure the best not already on paper currency. I honestly think that Tubman got on the bill because it was being lobbied for so hard. There isn't a woman on paper currency currently not because of discrimination or people trying to put women down, it's because it is traditionally dead presidents. There is no dead woman president. I just feel FDR got shafted here big time."
"He's not fat, it's just a bad angle. He looks massive. I don't know if it's just the picture or if he's that big, but I am excited."
"...could happen! ""I, a bigfoot, will aggress you to sleep with my low frequency grumblings."""
It's silent like a UFO too. Some object looks like UFO
"Good Teammates What helps you play lol? Music, warm pants, a quick workout before every game? Pretty much what the title said! Its a wierd question but i always listen to music and it helps a shit ton at not tilting. Does anyone have anything else that can help and or what music, sounds do you listen to. Everything outside the game. Also sites like lolnexus (i go in before every game). Ty everyone."
"women amirite well. If she loved him and wasn't trying to get him caught, she was a real dumb bitch..."
Good thing us fugly men are not being show as sex objexts Sucks be be a male model. Objectification of women - PSA commercial
"Hmm i have windows os, im definately using the mac client You mention PC nowhere."
Forgot the link?
"All men sometimes need a swift kick in the dick to shut them up sometimes, amirite? SOUNDS LIKE HE NEEDS A SWIFT KICK IN THE DICK TO SHUT HIM UP."
"I know, shimmering almost invisible blobs give me the same amount of information that bright,blue, highly detailed unit outlines do. Why? This is not game breaking. This literally gives you the exact same information that the ""Shimmering"" effect that all cloaked units give you. You still need detection to do anything about them. Proxy buildings to find observers are not going to be a thing."
They are planning to nerf her. Why is Ahri before the last part so useless in the new cinematic? A) No Mana B) She unlocked lvl 6 at the end C) She fed the enemy team D) Just noob E) She's baiting (???)
I hear he rear ends the destiny servers harder than his boyfriend He hacked destiny and forced me to go to orbit xD
"Let's use foul language against devs who release free patches and content regularly to a 10$ game, that will get our point across. I think we all need to chill out about nerfs Recently, I have seen some worrying comments regarding nerfs - on the Terrairaonline forums someone actually called Cenxx a bitch because she had apparently ""nerfed the spectre armor to uselessness"". I am seeing similar hostility regarding the recent Rod of Discord nerf - I am a neutral party in that I liked the Rod of Discords boundless teleporting but also see why a nerf (and a relatively slight nerf at that) was necessary. To the people who are actually resorting to foul language to moan at the developers when a change is made: they are human beings - not emotionless robots. They make changes to benefit the whole Terrarian community. We all seem to forget that Redigit spent seven months churning out the most epic update in the history of gaming updates (to me at least) for free - in summary, lets chill and give them hugs instead."
"Well when I was 16 I had sex with a married woman, also when I was 16 I broke into an abandoned movie theater and stole a bunch of stuff....I was super cool What is the dumbest thing you have ever done as a teenager?"
"You mean the mess *Obama* created. ahem, im with you, but the thing is, we shouldn't underestimate how stupid these people are. They voted in dumbass once, they WILL do it again. Because dumbass will say I need 4 more years to fix my mess I created, and they'll grant him that. Party over country folks, party over country."
"[Just your faction leaders.] And what, Gul'dan, must we give in return?"
"Yeah, we just can't give credit for anything to someone who is successful. Let's be truthful. These are the secrets of his people. He's simply the salesman that pulls it off."
But I thought the team was called Bales No shit. Ramsey makes the whole team tick.
how totally unexpected Michael Moore Reveals Surprise Donald Trump Film
B-but 2000s F1 was sooooo boring. Still one of my favourite overtakes. Nurburgring - Hamilton vs Fisi around the outside. Putting the pressure on as always.
Oh that is my favorite part of the fifth book! (Spoilers All) Uhhh I don't remember this happening in ADWD...
"Turns out old Ronny was an Anarchist Ronald Reagan also said ""government is not the solution to your problems, government IS the problem!"" He said this on the first day of his government job."
Male Being privileged is *really* tough What are some male/female problems that the other gender just can't relate to? And do you have any stories where this has been a problem?
Every game they lost was a throw because you lost skins i lost quite some money on IBP vs SKDC because they decided to play like novas. Im pretty sure that game was rigged too.
"Right wing conspiracy. I just cannot fathom how so many people can vote for a person with historically low favorability ratings and who is the target of an active FBI criminal investigation. Barring everything else, those two things alone should be enough to cause people to pause."
"I was just saying this to someone the other day! I don't get all the robin hate. Howard has said many times that the how wouldn't work without her. They've worked on the radio together for so long that they have an amazing chemistry, and she provides a balance to Howard. What's not to like?"
"Because the man who we know as last getting his eye mauled out by a bird acting in a drunken state in a well-lit video where he is slapped for said stupor by a well-known actress is *definitely* not comedy! I really hope, ""comedy"""
"No, he's just telling it like it is! Yet here you are, complaining incessantly."
"Nah man, its was up 3.5% solely because of OP. Pretty sure the jump have absolutely nothing to do with the movie. The whole market is up 2.4% today. Microsoft is up 3.9%, Apple is up 3%. It's just a pretty good day for the stock market. (dow jones, nasdaq and S&amp;P are all up more than 2%)"
*whoosh* You actually posted a picture of Adolph Hitler.
Show him kobe highlights off of youtube And say you can have a front row seat to this every night Lakers getting 2nd metting with LA
Maybe he will scratch Hank? Said this exact thing when I read this title. This is ridiculous. Why would he even be an option? The most immature and unprofessional of all coaches is exactly what we need.
"2011-1776=?,000 And yet we got on as a society for thousands of years without Social Security, and the elderly were taken care of."
But then he has to take that 6 pack back to the store so they can remove the black case with their special device... Fun fact : you can reuse that black thing to make your own 6 pack to take with you
"How do they know Chaser wasn't just reading the labels written on the items? Learning 1,022 names for objects, Chaser, a border collie, demonstrated referential understanding of nouns, an ability normally attributed to children."
Top tier photoshop job IMMA TAKE YA PICTURE MAKE A REST IN PEACE SHIRT OF IT
"Yeah, jews like George Perkins and William Thomson. America, Soviet Union, backed by the same wall street jews."
"dat ass tho Damn she's got a really fat, wide ass"
"But it's all there in the bible. Of course, historical records from that time are so accurate *exaggerated eye roll*."
"Yeah because its not like everyone said this was going to happen or anything... DAE feel like they've been duped by Trump? I voted for him, was a huge supporter and am having really bad buyer's remorse."
"BTC dies for the 98th time confirmed Gold UP, BTC Stagnating to a slow boring death with occasional pump traps.."
"Yes, and having him lose in the main event of your b show to a guy who is going to lose to both HHH and Lesnar in the span of a month is really going to help out with how 'prestigious' the IC belt is i agree, but all i was saying dean needs it more right now. we don't even know what kevin is doing for wrestlemania at the moment, he's just floating about with the the 'prestigious' IC belt weeks before the biggest show of the year"
"99 out 100 vac bans are false positives. I got umranked, ""played with cheater"""
"look, the women are at the second stretch goal, that is unfair to women This is how they try and get you to pre-purchase games now."
"Yeah don't want to spoil a 8-9yr old book series with information that is peppered all over the diablo wikis and elsewhere. FYI, having ""Uldyssian's Sacrifice"" in the title is a HUGE spoiler."
What about the full black tint bike helmet from the [Dumb jewelry heist] More full head masks. I don't care for all the Jason variants
"MacIver Institute, there's a fair and balanced source. No such thing as vote fraud in Wisconsin/"
Capitalist will make anything these days to make money off the proletariat. A little sneak peek of the HowlingRaven Tactical muzzle brake review.
Those Monster HDMI Cable alone should be worth $100+ Two HP 27es Monitors + Two HDMI cables (423.96 - 83.97 = 339.99)
"Five ofc You have just won $1,000,000! However to get it you need to get to round 100 in your next game of zombies, which map do you choose? No custom maps and you can play with more than one person, but you have to split the cash if you do."
They are both white though didn't count We have gay conservative Greek and strict orthodox Jew about to debate each other. Guys i think we need more diversity on our side.
"Yeah, screw those casuals with lives. 500 kills is nothing, only casuals with lives will have an issue, get over 3000 kills with a new sniper in 3 days... 500 is nothing"
"Maybe with legal weed that wouldn't happen! Damn that sounds fancy as hell. With that kind of service I'd feel obligated to at least smoke a jib despite the subsequent anxiety and once again wondering ""why did I do that?""."
Moon in dlc 5 confirmed. Moon Map images on Gorod Krovi
"what if kulyuk has hot Oops, forgot to bring HOT"
"I'm guessing ""actual rates up"" or ""this is a great second year anniversary"" Back then, the running joke is ""Raid coming soon"". I wonder whats the running joke now."
"You should have just given her backrubs every night. I found out how far down the rabbit hole you can go, when going to therapy to find out why you endured a dead bedroom. TLDR At the bottom! I have posted here a couple times over the years, sometimes on different accounts, sorry if this might not seem like something appropriate to post here anymore. My db was horrible. Nine months into a relationship, my now wife, soon to be ex wife, started getting abusive. I spent the next 15 years dealing with emotional abuse, and not realizing it for what it was. She started 'withholding affection' which is a way in which people control other people. No hugs, limited physical contact, not even complliments. ""Im just not comfortable with it"". She said she woudl want sex more once we got married (red flag!). She only ever put me down. She was insanely jealous the first ew years, and tried to get me to not see friends and caused friction with my family, and I am not realizing that after i stood up to her, she found smarter ways to keep me contained. We had to spend saturdays at her parents to see her nephew when he woudl visit, but then sundays ""I like to have one day to relax"" so I would feel guilty trying to have family over for dinner. We at one point went 5 years with no sex. She claimed not to really care for it, but I knew she liked bad boys before we dated. It made no sense, but my brain just kept thinking there had to be an answer. A few years ago she started getting a wandering eye, she would mention flirting at work with guys, etc. To make a long sad story short, she does like bad boys, but cant handle intimacy and love. The question I had was... why did i put up with this? I read online and go to therapy, and it generally ties into your parents, how they treat you, and how they treated each other. I find out neither parent really 'validated' me much, and it hurt my self esteem. But heres where it gets crazy. I tell my psychologist that my mother seems to almost defend my wife, who was dating a guy online within weeks of splitting up, even though we were still living together, and skimmed well over $1000 from our account. She ignores the kids and only worries about going tanning again, buying lingeries, bleh. But my mother would almost defend her. And I tell him that it reminded me of a time that I felt my parents were unhappy that I would not spank my son, and they felt i should discipline him harder. So one day i decide they are right, except the spanking, and I am stern with him, send him to his room, I dont even remember exactly what it was. I told my mother and thought that she would finally approve, and she said ""wow that seems so harsh (i was less harsh than she ever was!), i feel so bad for him."" It reminded me of something my wife once siad to me. ""For some reason, if you want something, I dont want it"" and I thought 'holy shit, my mother is often the same way'. The psychologist says ""you know from things you have said over the time you have come in, I wonder if somehow you were an unwanted baby somehow."" i had never told him, but that was exactly true. I was a mistake, they got pregant within months of dating, and they only married when my mother was 8 months pregnant, which implies they were not even sure they were going to do that. It was just a quick justice of the peace wedding. My sister was not born until 7 years later which implies they were unsure of having mor kids for awhile. She seems to get more validation from my parents, especially my mother. Maybe this doesnt relate to Deadbedrooms, but it is blowing my mind that its very possible that because my parents screwed up and got pregnant, that they unconsciously (I hope) resented me, and that made them be more critical of me. My pscyhologist has said that it is likely why I put up with what my wife dished out... it felt comfortable, being bossed around and getting little positive reinforcement. My wife was physically, verbally, and emotionally abused by her dad, and apparently her mother is an emotional abuser, and controls her dad. Our marriage closely mimicked theres, and my own parents marriage was similar, if not as openly abusive. My mother tried to control my dad, her down dad being horrribly emotionally and verbally abusive. People like this often have big problems being intimate with someone, and we also often try to find relationships that mimic our parental relationship and 'fix' them. I was trying to fix my own broken relationship, it seems, with my mother. Obviously people can have mismatched libidos, but it can also be a sign that things are really, really unhealthy. I think if anyone is unhappy enough to come here looking for help, get to therapy ASAP. Start looking at how you are with your parents, how your partner is with theirs. How did they deal with past relationships? My wife never had a single relationship last more than 6-9 months, other than one... and I only found out 15 years later that *it ended up just like ours, with her not wanting sex*. She slipped up and let that out, right around when we split up. So many red flags I ignored, to 'fix' my broken relationship, which was likely caused because they didn't use a condom, and I was unplanned. Crazy. **TL:DR Seems very likely that I endured a horrible dead bedroom and unhappy marriage because my parents got pregnant with me by mistake, and that unconscious anger and resentment caused them to be critical of me, which made me accept a wife that was also hyper critical of me, and I did not even realize that I was enduring emotional abuse because it seems that I endured it growing up.**"
"Banks and Churches... the best organizations! Pershing Square, 1965."
"ofcourse, i am always the best player on my team Hypothetically, if you each player on your team in your games was you, do you think you would win more often? Just wondering do you think that if you were put into a soloq game and each player in each position was you, do you think use would do well? If not, why not? Do you think you would maybe flame yourself lol"
Good thing Congress won't act on him! Merrick Garland gets a 'well-qualified' rating from ABA
"There's No Way My Japanese Vita Games Can Have Names With Less Than Fifteen Words, is a much better game than these OTHER vita games Come for the Vita discussions, stay for the jrpg circle jerk. God help anyone who wants to discuss anything on here that isn't Japanese and has no less than 15 words in it's title."
He was such a memorable player! Great call.. For whatever reason I remember Quincy wearing 20 but a quick look on Google Images shows I'm wrong. Can't believe I'd forget his 4 games here!
"I guess everyone on the planet with a cell phone is a political tracker. It's called political tracking. Tracker = some person with a camera sent to track an opposition candidate and record anything they might say that's goofy. Sometimes, strategists and consultants take this a step further and have a staged confrontation that is caught on film by the tracker."
quick everyone downvote him for asking a question! doesn't it only reset if it actually sells?
Yeah bro he's only at 70% But he is injured?
"Maybe...they're the racist ones? Okay okay, that's an idea. Anyone else?"
"THIS is why we won't be having girls in bars anymore in Mumbai.. Night of terror at New Market: Girl molested in bar, chased, pulled out of bus and thrashed"
"but don't you realize that asking for scientific evidence to support his baseless and sexist claims just means you're an emotional FEEEEMAAAALE who can't understand logic? It would be amazing if he had a citation to support this statement, given the intermediate steps he needs to prove: 1. That men as a group feel the same way as OP's boyfriend. 2. A direct link between opinions about sexual exclusivity and biology, i.e.: - That opinions arise directly from neurology. - That men and women have divergent neurology in a way which leads to the posited opinions. - That this difference is inherent and universal rather than a product of environment and cultural. If he can do this not only will I change my stance but I will personally write a letter to the Nobel committee about his scientific accomplishments."
I see you have tried WTFast. Anyone notice a decrease in ping? Since about last week my ping went down 30ms and has stayed there every game. Did something new happen recently? I'm with Rogers in Ontario so maybe it was my isp fixing ping issues or would it be riots end?
"[I felt bad when I won Whiterun as a Stormcloak; Jarl Balgruuf The Greater really makes you feel bad when you best him. ] I always tend to play as a Khajiit or an Argonian. The choice was kinda simple for me. Also, I quite like Whiterun."
"To be honest I'm not even sure you should put Carlton on that list... You're on r/melbourne If you don't live in Fitzroy, Richmond, Brunswick, Carlton, Northcote you're degenerate scum."
"Yeah, that makes the whole thing much more realistic. Both him and the plane were falling. The plane was falling faster, so it caught up with him."
"I agree, we should do the same with healthcare while we're at it Exactly. Which is why paying for ambulances actually makes complete sense."
Sounds worth it Always thought it was stupid and then I joined. Totally worth it. Some of the most fun I've had in my life and the people I met are still my closest friends. It's had positive effects on my social life and career years after graduation. All of our UK members love it. It's really just a giant fucking drinking club that occasionally does charity work and studies together.
If I did I would be fucking screaming that I had it in a train full of strangers... you've never gotten AIDS have you?
"Bullshit, if you drove an S2K you would've mentioned it in the original post. Well I'm poor so I drive an S2k..."
I think you forgot the Must be tough to be so mad with so much welfare and treaty money pouring in. Hard times for Indians indeed.
"But then it changes into a super complex, delicious, well crafted barleywine! hopslam is especially notable for fading quickly. bell's encourages you to drink it fresh."
"Oh, why didn't I think of that Try Downloads"
"Ahh yes, because everyone just *knew* this was the *one* game that definitely wouldn't downgrade from its reveal trailer. The Witcher 3 got a massive downgrade"
Whoa whoooaaa now who ever said anything about this game being having a shared universe between players. That or just upload player creations. That would give them alot less work and we would get lots of unique structures.
"Can I interest you in a submissive relationship m'lady I've been ""m'lady""'d IRL before. It was hard not to crack up."
"What, you mean our first 3 wins over MAC teams doesn't show that? If I had to choose between VT playing NIU or Illinois I'd rather face Illinois because I think our odds of beating them are greater. So, Marshall made the right choice. Plus, this will at least show to some degree whether the MAC or CUSA is better."
"Just ban 1/5 of the women! ""Raped by a pack of five men,"" but it was consensual. Betrayed by a 'selfie'"
You have to mildly poison the kids so you have a market for your ADHD drugs later. TIL the FDA relies on studies performed by the companies seeking approval of chemicals they manufacture or want to use. No other developed country has a system where companies decide the safety of chemicals put into food. Many food additives allowed in the U.S. are banned in other countries
"It's like Clinton is a special interest to the rest of the dnc establishment....but no one should expect that the dnc establiment would be swayed by Hilary's funding channels. The Democratic Establishment, Connected to Clinton by Funding, Won't Leave Her"
"literally the worst I mean, he got a hit and scored a run so a little thanks to him"
"Yeah, no one has ever made any personal changes to a BMW. Funny, but I don't engage in name calling. You make the bike you want. I like Harleys because you can do that. As my bike mechanic son said, Harley engineers their bikes to be customized. You get the bike you want, not the one some engineer in Bavaria wants. Loud or not, you get what you want."
That's a weird emoticon. :q
You're so wise and brave Shotguns with big drum magazines easily solve hippo problems..
"Because bug fixes are easy to fix and dont take long at all. Riot should focus more on bugfixes than intensively nerf or buff numerous champions at once Bugs are more hazardous in gameplay compare to some champions dealing a bit more damage, being a bit more tanky, or having a bit more utility overall."
No she cant she always on her period always Or hers. She is a person who can make decisions too.
"That draw on the alternator tho. It's not like you'll lose money by having them turned on, but you could save lives."
"Yes, this year is truly a breath of fresh air! I love Torts, but god no please. I couldn't stand the anxiety from so many one goal games."
"Just like heimer turrets! they aren't even hard to auto, when youre melee. You just rightclick."
"But the rectangle is actually a C so it's clever ""What logo can we give to the most exciting, fun, energetic team in the NBA?"" ""I know! Let's put an LA inside a fucking rectangle!"" There's ""minimalism"", and then there's just boring."
What comes around goes around applies to terrorism too! Why would the sky tower be supporting the attacks on Paris?
"Yeah, it's all pretty much the same. Bad Christians like McVey bomb office buildings. Bad Christians murder doctors that perform abortions. You can find examples of bad behavior from every religion."
obviously you are wary of Jessica Williams because she is a woman and you are a misogynist. What do you mean?
"Yeah, during these 8 months of being dragged along I'm gonna notice that I was wrong all along Nothing like forcing religion down someone's throat is there? Like that tactic really works? Mormons are so fucking stupid."
Do coaches have access to a mic or do they have to use the in-game speach commands? Eleague letting coaches use a laptop to be in game.
Bullshit its got a kvlt album art! Wut. Blackwater Park is amazing but nothing about it is black metal
Because people in private schools aren't complete fucking derros like the rest of the country Its for all the private school kids. Their parents are concerned that their future surgeon and doctors wont have a career from frost bite. Surgeons cant have no hands can they. These kids also have a icy pole ice damage insurance policy.
"but u r blind n Kant c ur map/compass The Map or Compass should prevent Curse of the Lost from appearing; you have direction, so you can't get lost."
"Like those people are probably dead by now bro, super creeeepay whats so unsettling about it?"
"Thanks for the constructive advice bud Youre the person I hate facing , hovering around 3800 with tournament standard cards."
"Is he dead? Si Quey: A serial killer/cannibal that was so feared by the public, they had him publicly executed, and his body put in a clear box so that everyone could see that he was really dead. You can still view it today."
"Yes, because mature adults never ever lose any of their possessions. Maybe this is defining moment for the relationship. If you felt that you needed to wait until she was mature enough for a relationship maybe this is the sign that she is still the 16 1/2 year old you started dating 6 years ago. The cost of the lost ring pales in comparison to a divorce, especially if children are involved. I'd say it's time to move on."
"no, it's a beast You mean spellbreaker?"
"Because our right to an opinion is limited to our firsthand experience, right? Yeah, why the hell is this crap getting upvoted? We don't want kids, yet argue on the best way to raise them? What the hell is this inanity?"
"Just like we should make a separate subreddit for namalsk, panthera, etc because they're not vanilla dayz. If this is from 2017 why is this in r/dayz? Am I the only one that thinks this should have it's own subreddit since it's a separate mod?"
"A string and breadcrumbs, obviously. Name another besides GPS"
"Well your obviously lying. ""Obamacare isn't helping anyone."" Well, it helped me a ton. I must be a commie."
"I can't believe we're actually saying that now. finally, i can jailbreak my phone from the more reputable chinese pirates"
"Men can't be raped because they always want sex. Sadly dude, your entirely correct. It's similar to when a male files rape charges and gets a snicker/laugh from others, but in reality if we're treating things equally there wouldn't be any natural discerning or laughter of even the notion of such. I've seen some women that I'm sure could put my ass in a locker, now if they're fighting for physical equality then once that's accomplished this argument can't be one sided anymore."
Swinger alert! Anybody in Maryland want to go hiking? Couples only Seeing if anybody would like to go on a trippy voyage.
"Wow, you have really put a lot of effort into this Reasons to not play Janna or Vayne janna just gets mejais and shields random teammates for 20 stacks and then wins the game while vayne just 3 hits everyone while rolling around like pre-nerf lucian while invisible"
I'm sure the 10 people standing around who didn't see anything are very reliable witnesses to the theft. Something about everyone being on his side and him encouraging everyone to call the cops made it pretty clear.
"This is America , so what's a little torture? Lubbock police taser cyclist while being held on the ground by two officers"
"Yeah, fuck Easter the most bullshit holiday ever, and it always happens to fall on a Sunday. We expect stores to be open 24/7 365. Specifically grocery stores. 9:37 AM on a Sunday, it is my RIGHT to head to the store. What do you mean I can't do that everywhere?"
"Thanks prohibition, you've done it again! Contaminated ecstasy kills three, hospitalises 12. Heart shaped cutouts: purple, green, yellow and blue."
C is for China. iPhone 5C.
Tell your dad to stop planting bombs Both time my father went to England he was accused of planting a bomb
"Maybe we should just draft women to get pregnant, to make more soldiers. That's stupid. I'm just gonna be sexist right now.. Women are about 2/3 as strong as men. It's just a dumb way to allocate resources."
but i've never seen it before. STOP FUCKING POSTING THIS
"Don't you know, if business needs high upload speed they'd already be paying for Fibre. I'm actually surprised the area around Brisbane Airport has been targeted for HFC. There are quite a few business districts there (apart from Boondall wetlands), which need high upload speed."
He just has really good headphones How I baited a wallhacker
check your cis privilege He was a he. Not an it.
"your aim just sucks, you shot through his balaclava, aim for his chest instead where is head is located. Standard plant hitboxes"
"Right, because when the government gets involved with anything, the outcome is good, because we have a trustworthy government. Government Taking Over the Internet - Importance of Net Neutrality"
"Yeah, it really sucks when you get more than 30 frames in an action game. Bloodborne Frame Rate Targeting 30fps Since It's ""the Best"" for Action Games, Claims Producer"
"well maybe if u just accepted jesus already you would stop lying Hmmm ... as an atheist, I seriously beg to differ."
"REAL HELPFUL, THANKS OBAMA! Fans try to get into Thomas' head with Obama Signs"
"Oh good, I thought it was only me....... So I was watching a NoFap video on youtube and then..."
IT'S Its really hard.
"Yes, I too hope all groups look exactly the same in the future. Now looks pretty much the same as Ultegra, 105 &amp; Tiagra, which is a good thing!"
"Yes, $100 B worth of bombs raining down on civilians is *nothing*. Defense equipment is a $100B a year business. It is much less costly to destroy than it is to build. US GDP is $ 15Trillion. Defense equipment is a tiny sliver."
"He contributed to child poverty and inequality! Key wasn't much of a leader, he never got behind anything worthwhile... what are his contributions? What does he believe in? (other than making money)"
Way to assume the gender of a rock. GIANT METEOR WILL END OUR PAIN. WILL YOU VOTE FOR HIM?
"Blatant generalizations always help people understand the issue. They just dont care about it. They rather keep praying to his god, whatever name it has, while their follow religious people murder us slowly; or rather quickly lately"
France? not available in my country? but I live in the only country that matters!
"Expecting someone to understand sarcasm through text makes you the dick, dick. not getting the sarcasm does"
"oi r00d I'm trying to run a 500 here get outta my face 1,320,070"
That's because the system is rigged against him and the Establishment hates him and people in the south are clearly low information voters who don't know what's good for them. He can't even win the fucking primary?
Normal-type moves can't be super effective you casual It was very effective.
You forgot the Real Destiny Killer right there.
"By saying that you're opposing those people's freedom of speech, so in turn you would lose yours as well. We should not allow freedom of speech for those who oppose it. You want a 3rd reich? Fine. Say it, and let me oppose it. You want an Islamic caliphate? Okay. You want a sexual minority oppressed and women to be servants of men? Try your heart out. I am against you on all of those issues, but will fight for your right to speak your mind. However, if you oppose my freedom of speech, then you lost your right to have yours."
"Da dar comunismul e bun pentru ca ei macar construiau ceva nu ca acum si toata lumea avea de munca During her twelve years spent in prison, she was subjected to various forms of torture: she was hung by her hair from a hook and beaten until she fainted due to broken ribs, and was also scalped, burned, and beaten with a shovel. Upon her release from prison, she had no hair and she couldn't walk, as her knees had been destroyed by the torture. Au!"
"Now you know how PoC feel every day. Hey, same deal different country. It really sucks to have a lifetime ban for something we had no control over."
"You dropped an ""Not all"". Not good enough for me."
Damn he draws fast. Your dirty mind will find this funny...
"Actually, I am Lars Ulrich and I hate sell outs and modern artists like Lil Wayne. And is literally richer than everyone on this sub."
"Well shit, noseeme, it offends me that an anonymous internet user would say such things without reason or explanation. Fuck me, you're dumb."
"If we eliminate entitlements and they buy their own money poverty will disappear! On child poverty, the United States ranks 34th out of the 35 developed countries surveyed"
Would totally risk paralysis for a shot at a ring rat I like to think you're on the fence about starting wrestling training...and this thread is going to sway you one way or the other.
"Thanks for the missing LS spheres, gimu! New Spheres and Craftables - **Courage Buckler (Damage Reducing)** - 15% DEF/REC, boosts damage reduction when guarding &amp; restores HP each turn - 40 Courage Fragment - 30 Litrock - 30 Heaven's Ash - 30 Sacred Crystal - **Courage Shield (Damage Reducing)** - 20% HP/DEF/REC, probable 20% damage reduction, boost damage reduction when guarding &amp; restores HP each turn - 1 Courage Buckler - 80 Courage Fragment - 70 Heaven's Ash - 50 Sacred Crystal - **Courage Aegis (Damage Reducing)** (Limit 1) - 25% All Stat, probable 30% damage reduction, boost damage reduction when guarding, restores HP each turn &amp; damage taken slightly boosts BB gauge - 2 Courage Shield - 120 Courage Fragment - 90 Holy Crystal - 90 Spiritsand --- - **Lucky Potion** - Boosts drop rate of materials for 3 turns - 5 Honor Drop - 5 Courage Fragment - **Dark Flask** - Activates Dark Barrier for 1 ally - 5 Courage Fragment - 5 Litrock - 5 Heaven's Ash - 5 Sacred Crystal - **Dark Vial** - Activates Dark Barrier for all allies - 5 Dark Flask - 10 Litrock - 10 Heaven's Ash - 10 Sacred Crystal --- Typing this out is literally making me shake with rage. That, or it's the sleep deprivation. In either case, gimu wtf"
He had a weapon so the cops were justified Riots after police shoot 17 year old black man armed with a broomstick in Salt Lake City
might as well call it FuckUpShima amirite Then there's Fukushima.
You must be from Midland Penetang is still shit.
"Hell, lets make everything 1LP. That's alright, i'm not interested in a fifth shotgun anyway. The only thing i would like to see is to see the cost of some weapons/perks change, like the bow for 2LP, CT1 for 1 LP, Crafter1 for 1LP (maybe), GS1&amp;2 lowered, and lucky break lowered as well."
How dare people try to take their own photographs to remember her special day. Cell phones ruined perfectly good photos
Yeah because when he died he then reincarnated into Bob Saget and that's why he's the one narrating as older Ted... Ted is dead.
Having a single core mechanic in common in a FPS OH WOW TOTALLY THE SAME GAME GAIZ They have more in common than you think... online multiplayer shooting games with ducking behind cover being a core mechanic.
"Totally stole this from my role-play Final... Challenge? Here we are! The final challenge of season 11... And oh look, the entire jury is here! Not sure why they wasted their time coming out here to this enormous stadium where our final 3 are stood inconspicuously... And there's even 25% of the entire viewing audience here as well! Huh, what a coincidence... Wasn't there something I was supposed to... *do*? Something me and Emma talked about and greenlit to the producers? Something about there being a twist at the final 3? Oh! Right! Silly me, I almost forgot! The final 3 is when we're going to have a season-long break where absolutely nothing is going to happen and the entire game will be put into limbo! ...What, nobody likes that? Yeah that sounds really dumb, why would we ever have that greenlit? ........................................ ........................................ ...............Oooooooooohhhhhh, NOW I remember! The finale! Instead of a final 2, this season we're having a final 3! That's right, all 3 remaining players are finalists! Buuuut silver is like really expensive, so only the player who gets the second most votes will get a silver trophy. So that's that! **Tom, Jay, Izzy, get to writing those speeches! The jury awaits!!!**"
"Sure, because all foster families are loving, caring, and never abusive. Best thing that could have happened to that kid. Now he might be able to lead a normal life."
everything is easy in NYC! And those are very easy to get in NYC I bet.
"To be fair, if they put 30 rounds in, they had to reload at least 15 times, so that is a bit excessive. Also remember this next time you want to get pissed when the cops put 30 rounds into someone. Shit doesn't work like the movies. Sometimes it takes a ton of firepower to get someone to stop doing what they're doing."
And the CEO is an evil libertarian corporatist TIL that Whole Foods has a salary cap for its executives. They are only allowed to earn 19 times what the average employees is paid.
Yea Chad Henne's NFL career really out shined his college days. People tend to look at NFL players and think oh they must have been amazing in college when really that's often not the case. Kinda like that one Michigan QB.
IT'S THE DAMN AMERICANS UPVOTING THEIR AVERAGE PLAYERS SCORING AVERAGE GOALS AGAIN Obviously it's subjective but...Amazing? Really?
"Yeah, they should spread the talent and release curry at least Yea fuck all of the GS fans for wanting KD on their team, how dare they!"
"Sounds like a civilized society right there. I worked with 3 Filipino women who absolutely refused to go anywhere after work. They were all very scared, and said that quite a few Filipino women had been dragged out into the desert and been gang raped and killed. On a different note, I was there for the celebration at the end of February. You people REALLY know how to put on a fireworks display. I don't think I'll ever see anything like that again as long as I live."
Demoknight is a no skill class! You can't say I didn't try
"Doesn't matter who you vote for 'cause there all the same so stay home, don't vote..... Republicans Try To Strip Predatory Lending Protections For American Troops, Again"
Like and.. uhh... whatever JUST GIVE ME DAMN KARMA Like and share If this is you!
It's Bush's fault. More than two-thirds of the Humvees the US supplied to Iraq to fight terrorists have ended up in the hands of Islamic State militants
So you're saying there's a chance 3.70%
Totally. Hard to make generalizations when there's barely any minorities.
"I can't wait to responsible for mowing an acre of grass and painting an entire house every few years. I share the suspicion that it is something other then merely thinking cities are ""cool"". But the idea of buying a house in the suburbs does not sound very desirable to me, mostly due to transportation."
"Great idea, will be fun waiting for 60 players that's within 5 or so levels of my combat Or you know, maybe have combat brackets??"
"Still, those poor people ""avoiding"" taxes. There's no reason to pay more taxes than you're legally required to. There's a difference between tax _avoidance_ and tax _evasion._"
"Yeah it's below msrp it's an off brand, now if this was a Zotac..... Zontac GTX 1060 BELOW MSRP!!! - $245.19 ($275.19 - SHOP15 ($30) = $245.19)"
What more badass than killing someone and getting away with it? Bruce Jenner?
"well i'm a private first class in the army SWATs and i serve with the seals and im totez jakkd up yo! I was a scout and I've never heard of ANY scout saying ""I am a 19D Cavalry Scout in Combat Arms."" Please show me where there is a 19D who is not in combat arms. Guy is an idiot and a poser."
"Because not being able to look up at the incoming Thanatos/Thor/Apollo Ult is a good thing, right? ...said by someone who blatantly doesn't watch many top player streams, considering the incredible saturation of the use of this feature by many top players."
I just *love* when they fly low! If the air force would stop flying those jets over Chatan it wouldn't be that bad of a place. Every fucking time I step out of the hospital there are at least two or three up there being obnoxious. I'll even tolerate the futemna helicopters flying over 971 every five minutes if it means I get a moment's rest from Ffffffffrrrrrrrrrrfffrrrrrrrrrrruuuuuuuffffrrrrrr.
Skins League is pretty far from pay to win. There is absolutely nothing in the game that gives you an advantage that you can only buy with money.
Why not make R* happy and buy a couple of Megalodon Shark cards for a 100 bucks each? Well I'm not paying them more money than nessecary to play a game I already paid $60 for.
"Yeah, people only think it happened because they are hipsters :). In Turkey, the left, right, and center all agree that genocide didn't happen because that is what the evidence says. It has nothing to do with nationalism. Although there certainly are a few ignorant hipsters who think that if they believe in the genocide then somehow they are more ""educated"" and ""not a victim of nationalism""."
But they have pointy elbows. I can tell this will be controversial. And by controversial I mean stupid as hell and downvoted into oblivion.
You're missing a But 30 fps is more cinematic.
Estimated time 7:10 When does the game start!? Est time?
"Well that settles that! No, definitely not"
"Yes and Huskarl spam is cheap and doesn't drain your food at all Yeah, I can't see Mongols ever having enough food for high Hussar production. I think it took me 65 farms on bf to spam them efficiently as turks. Without last farm and wood upgrades maintaining that many farms is a nightmare."
"I like how ""standing together"" only yields applause when it refers to things that only Bernie fought for... Democratic National Convention - Day 1"
"A younger human usually works, they run you about 20 on Craigslist, single use though Anyone know a good hand truck under 100 that can do steps? I hurt my back the other day and can't get a wine barrel out of my basement."
I wonder if they can see Russia from there as well? The Vatican basically borders Vermont.
Bu- Bu- But then what keeps you from doing bad things? Not believing in hell
"Aww, I was hoping that each player would get their own galaxy... ""Your universe awaits"" screen has replaced ""your galaxy awaits"" from the pulled version. That explains it."
Hey the kneepads are for the kids who get forced to suck dick in churches Amazon did it right with this new commercial.
"What does Batman have to do with this? CCP, before you ""fix"" the community's favorite ""bug"" ever, go watch the Lego movie again I saw it for the first time last night, and I'd say it's pretty relevant here."
"pc or ps4? I loaded into training room after a ranked match, but something was a bit off."
"Because misandry doesn't exist, silly! Why don't they just be honest and admit that they're all hateful misandrist bigots?"
"Go Adric! Announcing the Companion Tournament! In the vein of similar tournaments (Series, Story, etc) I thought it'd be fun to run a similar one for companions. It will be run in the same format (matchups that have links to a poll) and I'll post a new one every day. Both Classic and NuWho companions will be considered. What I was wondering was if you guys wanted me to include the Big Finish ones as well. Please give me your opinion on this in the comments below, as well as any other suggestions and questions you have! I hope this tournament will be as fun as the other ones!"
"If it's one of my friends I usually say ""shut the fuck up you filthy heathen"" As an newly found atheist, what am I supposed to say after someone sneezes? I am having trouble figuring out this social quirk. If I say nothing do I seem rude? If I say 'bless you' does that give people the inkling that I am religious? What am I supposed to do?"
"Watch out everyone, this guy knows exactly what he is talking about! We or ""gun rights supporters"" like Rand Paul who wants to bring back white-only pools?"
"already got the downvotes, so its too late for *sigh* since it's obvious neither of you know anything about kettle bell exercises, I'm not even going to try and explain why you're wrong here."
"Yea, we all put duck picture on the Internet. Except we tweet every detail of our lives, publish all our personal info on facebook, and upload nude images of ourselves. But other than that, we want privacy."
"It's because he's white, isn't it? This was really interesting, thanks for sharing this. I usually am put off by Coach Nick. Can't pinpoint it, but I definitely am. Didn't seem to bother me here."
"But fuck the middle class right? Be kind to the upper class. Without them, you wouldn't have anyone to start the restaurants, invent the car, architect the bathrooms, etc."
"It's not Mack's fault, he said so. Mack left behind entitlement and no talent"
Twitter is now (((everything I dislike))) because I am scared of change. MILO GOT SENT TO GULAG FROM TWITTER
"I think it was missing an I know for a fact that if the person behind the load when it falls off is a motorcyclist, a lot could go wrong."
Because you're only worthwhile if men think so! I would like the message if the main focus wasn't about loving yourself *because* men think chubby girls are hot...
"lol, its same bro some people do that kind of dance and hence they are called that Meh. Let them. I'm using it to describe a certain way of dancing and not people."
"Yeah because that 1 min teleport cooldown wait is so long Without an early homeguards, URF feels super slow. Homeguards would be a great addition"
"Yeah, its really too bad everyone doesn't stay 13 years old forever. Who gives a shit about brand? Can't he just go on because it's fun, regardless of his ""brand"" Seriously, people are getting too serious about business and are distancing themselves from why they started in the first place, for the fucking fun of it."
"Intanto lui un lavoro ce l'ha, tu stai sul divano a commentare. Mi salirebbe il veleno"
"Yeah, but new technology didn't exist back then. Old people complaining about technology and the whole ""back in my day"" thing. We have the technology we're going to use it"
"Takes a while to recharge those batteries. I want them closer together, seems silly the gaps in this years season"
"No it's a lamp post but designed to look EXACTLY like the other video cameras around the pentagon. is it actually a camera? (honestly i cant tell) (and before you ask ""no, i dont know what else it could be...but it could be something other than camera"". I'm just seeing of OPs claim that it is definitely a camera is reliable)"
That there are practical effects ok well then what does it say?
"As someone who has been playing videogames for most of his life and has only ever killed three cats and a dozen squirrels, this study is a huge relief. Long-term study finds zero link between violence in video games and real life"
Its very messy due to the amount of sex he has with the women he's wooed by sending pictures of his dick to them... obvi Why do these people ALWAYS have unmade beds and messy floors in the background. Always.
Looks like that webpage have CSS injection vulnerability... How I discovered CCS Injection Vulnerability (CVE-2014-0224)
So you're saying if I follow this video I'll get thousands of subscribers. How to make a JonTron Video (JonTron 101)
Old English obviously What font do you use for an assignment?
"This post brought to you by Wendy Davis for Governor Filibuster Superwoman Wendy Davis May Run for Governor of Texas -- The rising state senator has been a champion of woman's rights, abortion access, and could help paint Texas blue"
"I thought it was hilarious, I guess reddit is full of evil albinoids, That agenda tho."
"Ah well I guess none of those guys *really* liked games after all then! Lucky you, I did a games course and the first day all the guys told me, A, I would fail, and B, I don't *really* like games. Only after I obliterated them getting the top marks did the leave me alone."
"He forgot to add a couple of woah woaaaaaahs and yeah yeahhhhhhhhs Kid Cudi is finished his album, says he's only 'fine-tuning it now'"
RULE #5 - NO MEMES Mike Milbury by Sons of Penn
"I said A player not TWO Bruschi, Vinitari hehe"
"You fucking bloke, it's fucking AFRICAN-AMERICAN, NOT FUCKING BLACK OR WHITE Being black doesn't excuse being an asshole. Or boring."
"I have a coupon, its now only 19.83 dollars. Scott approved Catnip!! Only $19.87 a bag!!"
"Silly guy, everyone knows Florida's largest industry is retirement. Also hilarious that florida's primary industry is tourism but somehow HI's is agriculture."
no costume till final episode of season. Any pictures of Punishers outfit yet? Cosplay in the works. My dad has a combat vest from work and I'm gonna spray paint that shit. I was going to go Warzone-ish but try to bring in some flavors from the show. Are there any pics out there of his outfit yet? Maybe in the next month?
"Criticizing him like that just proves that you are a racist He's only saying this because he has like 60 days left in office. He's gonna say a lot of shit to try and make him appear more reasonable and save whatever positive reputation he has. They always do this. Next he'll say, ""I believe Guantano bay is an unethical prison camp and a waste of U.S. tax dollars, it should be closed down."" This guy is so full of shit. But he's so GOOD at being full of shit. There is no arguing that Obama was probably the most effecvtive ""puppet"" of our recent presidents. He was a very useful asset to TPTB, and they accomplished a lot in 8 years with him as their front man. He was charming, charismatic, and a great speaker. He especially appealed to women, because they found him handsome and because of his sense of humor. Even now, after all the spending, the TPP, increased spying, the Fast and Furious scandal, same Marijuana policies, same GMO labeling policies, the NDAA indefinite detention, and assault on pretty much all of our civil liberties, people STILL love him! Also, because he was black, that gave him somewhat of a ""sheild"" of criticism, because all they had to do to anyone criticizing him was deem them ""racist"". Brilliant. Which is probably why they wanted Hillary, because being a woman, she also had that ""sheild"". All traits of a sociopathic compulsive liar. Just another typical globalist scumbag."
life What's something that everyone/most people take for granted?
"So weird! Religious people understand the world less, study suggests"
"Yes because if an extreme is absurd, the entire idea even at reasonable levels must be absurd too! The minimum wage should be a million dollars, adjusting hourly for inflation to keep the same buying power as a current million dollars. Anything less is simply unacceptable! ""The minimum wage never hurts employment!"""
Job requirement It's like it is a common minimum program or something!
The elites would never rig the polls DONT TRUST THE POLLS GET OUT AND VOTE!
"You're right, I too would rather pay way more on bus fare than be forced to occasionally glance at an advertisement You may want to tell this to the dozens of billboards and bus stop ads i see on my way home"
"As a Christian folk rock band Yeah, I'd say midnights a bit too common to be a ripoff. ""Witching Hour"" would be a kickass band name though."
Those sound like valid complaints. I would say the TV level CGI and the fact that if you make Wolverine's mysterious past more obvious it's just disappointing.
"Because vision fired a bullet, right? ""bulletproof"" but Rhodey still gets shot down by a former white person. This whole political thing is becoming dumb."
"Man americas low low rape rates really testify to that point Two people can assault, rape, and murder a girl with a knife. Ten people can't assault, rape, and murder a girl who carries a firearm for self-defense. Its a double-edged sword..."
260 if you count the ones we dropped in japan TIL that the USA have done 258 times more nuclear weapon tests compared to North Korea
You forgot the I guess we already know the answer. We need professional police because they don't shoot innocent people.
"""That is sick"" Lol where you from mate south east London? New Power Sound on Xbox One Does anyone else's Xbox one make a different sound when you turn on or turn off your console?"
"Oh yeah, she's a whole 40 pounds overweight so of course she'll be having a heart attack any minute now. On the plus side, that is the first exercise that woman has had in years and she may have just delayed her next heart attack by a few weeks."
"Haha, yeah.. Totally worth the purchase price! What are you talking about? Q3A has a 7-tier campaign!"
hirez is literally trying to remove guardians slowly starting with this event Very cool. To bad no guardian skin though.
Webdriver Torso! What's a youtube channel that you watch every video on?
"Yeah but how many of those were primetime? Andy Dalton is now holds the NFL record for most road wins by a starting QB in their first 5 seasons with 24 . He is ahead of Big Ben, Marino, Matt Ryan all with 23."
"A true Just War I'm partial to a Liberia situation. We go in there, clear out the natives and give African Americans their own nation. Prior to the civil war that overthrew the African American elite, Liberia was one of the most advanced countries on the continent."
You must have been looking at my account. Never said it was me ^_^
"Don't lie, they were never interested in Clyne, he's over rated They also wanted clyne, nothing is certain"
"Nope, if this movie is bad all copies of the original Ghostbusters movies will cease working, somehow. What about the people who *want* to see a re-hash? I love Ghostbusters, it my number one film of all time. I'm stoked to see someone else take a crack at it. If its good.. YAY! If its bad... Ah well, still got the originals."
"But they look so cool, and if you have one up on your laptop in the library and one of your classmates walks by - it's sure to freak them out! PSA - especially to 1Ls Contrary to popular belief, not every legal rule/concept/theory/test/etc. is easier to understand in flowchart form."
"Yes, how terrible for them to want to continue to exist as a company and for the game to be financially viable. Ubisoft wants some more money! Fuck us right?"
Im sure there will be calls for US leaders to face war crimes from the MSM US-led coalition kills at least 300 civilians in Syria air strikes
"But...But....basically pro gun, right guys? Bernie Sanders now supports repealing the law that protects gun manufacturers from frivolous lawsuits"
"awesome, Great combo mate its actually practical Cutthroat Kano EX DD3 Bug With Tanya Shroud, 70% HP Lost"
"Yes, girls that don't have sex with you are soo slutty Tomska's neckbeard days"
"Yeah, just do the 12 steps program. Yeah I've read about this too. AA is terrible, there are actual ways to treat addiction too."
"We need to cut the social programs that help the veterans because I worked hard for my money and the government needs to keep their hands off of it! The funny thing is the people who bring up homeless veterans are the same people who will do nothing to help them because anything that can be done is ""socialism."""
Yeah cause poor societal drop-outs are going to be able to identify with absurdly wealthy and whiny Holden Caulfield. What novels would you want your students to read? I personally would try to push them to read Catcher in the Rye.
"If you don't like r/news then you can just geeet oouttt! So leave. Seriously, if you find it that bad, then stop coming here."
I'm sorry but Morgan Freeman is one of the *good* low informations! Low information alert: Berniebro has no idea that Morgan Freeman narrates Clinton ads.
Yeah he was the only one that was trying to attack other people in this huge brawl. The only guy that deserves to be expelled is Nacua. He threw sucker punches and get what he deserved.
"Manual, what is that man up and put the cam in manual."
"You mean the *save* button? With the floppy disk, of course!"
but inflation doesn't exist! Price Inflation Will Force the US Mint to Once Again Change the Metal Content of Coins
"Infidel! Ugh, when is shit like this going to end? These people need to learn to accept the lifestyle of those outside Islam. Seriously, these guys have tarnished the name of Islam."
Because you can rip off the screen. How exactly is it a MacBook rip off?
"Sure can't wait to collect all the mysterio trophies. I would love a Spider-Man Arkham style game from Rocksteady...BUT...hear me out. A Rocksteady Daredevil Hells Kitchen game, with ofc a cameo from spidey!"
"Except guys like us who have actually shot guns before and are therefore are experts in all things gun and those who have never fired guns should not be allow to comment on anything related to firearms ever even in their relationship to videogames. Essentially, most of the commenters poking fun at this post have no real idea how guns work. So it's the pot calling the kettle black."
"Delete Facebook, hit the gym and lawyer up Pff you guys are totally stupid, if your relationship after 10 years isn't 100% perfect 1000% percent of the time you have to leave her and skip town. 10000%."
"But I can't see them anyway, I don't have project scorpio. I made a pixel quality test to help determine if your current GPU and Monitor support the best pixels"
"But how does that happen man they are all globals Yup, I keep getting ""friends"" from reddit and then they get banned (ow/vaced) and then I drop ranks. It's all good I'll move back up eventually."
"Valentine totally makes the doctrine usable though How the hell is the Sexton so bad Bit of a post match rant here, but is there something bugged with the shells the sexton fires? I swear I saw the damn thing hit a unit dead center only to knock off a single model. It seems the visual representation of the explosion vastly oversells the actual effect of it, am I just salty or is there something up with the Sexton?"
"yeah, there's a black president, racism doesn't exist anymore! Jesus Christ, enough. This racism hype has to stop."
But he wants a Wall that's like Hitler Fresh hot new meme
"But... but... it was her turn! The best part is when Hillary voters don't know who he is. Yes, please lecture me on how I'm an uneducated voter when you're unaware of the role Podesta has played in our last two Democrat administrations."
"If that dude was ""stronger"" he wouldn't have PTSD. #""My war was 70 years........... ago.......... and yesterday."" This man's story would doubly serve as a counter to Trump's PTSD comments. War never leaves a person, no matter how long ago it was."
Can you even get high with that much percolation? New bong came in today
"Metal only survived the 90s because Pantera saved it. People started talking about metal ""dying"" in the 90s. Still here, motherfuckers. It's never going to be as big as it was in 1991 but metal has always been a culty thing anyway."
"You are playing one of the strongest early champs, if you lose or don't get fb, it's obviously your team's fault and they should know that they are shit. Playing Draven must do something to the brain"
TIL: asexual means a person without a penis I don't think you know what asexual means
"Yeah, right because if there's one thing Sanders' and his supporters don't do its chop up the country into good guys and bad guys. See, this right here is the problem, dividing people up into segments and subgroups, then dismissing and discarding the inconvenient bits. How finely can the population be milled before there's nothing left but dust?"
"Oh yea, *'ama yushrikoon* could perhaps mean something other than their polytheistic beliefs. ""whatever they associate with Him"" perhaps that could mean other things aside from ""their polytheistic beliefs"". Eg - thinking God is a woman etc."
Then you're probably an illegal. From my point of view trump is evil
"he had good drugs though just like how people idolize pablo escobar. blew up a plane full of innocent civilians - ""YO PABLO WAS THE DON"""
"Wait, you mean Ramones isn't just a brand? Waited a long time for this win."
"With rogue being the dominant class in the meta, I bet that must happen a lot At least novice engineer is useful if it gets bounced back to hand. I bet you you don't have any pirates in your deck. Fucking captains parrot"
"Well that kid's not going to be fucked up or anything... My 20 year old cousin hates being a mom Ashley is my 20 year old cousin and recently, she became a mom. She comes from a very complicated family situation. My aunt (her mom) works as a freelance actress (sadly, she has a low salary). Her husband can't work because he has special needs (he recovered from a coma and needs a special medical treatment). Ashley, as soon she found out she was pregnant, became very depressed. She didnt talk with anyone about her pregnancy and when some members of my family found out and asked her about it, she said ""I don't wanna talk about it"". The father's baby doesn't work and he has no interest of going to college. When my niece was born, Ashley didn't wanted any visits or presents for the baby. She was very rude with some of my family members about it. She doesn't talk about the baby and all her Facebook updates are about her gaming career. She has more interest on it than her own child. Ashley doesn't asimilate that she is a mom now. She spends money on gaming. My aunt is now the babysitter of my niece because ""Ashley needs to focus on her gaming career"". Despite all this complicated situation, my Aunt said that the birth of my niece was a blessing and we should be happy for her!!! Really?? Ashley doesn't have interest on my niece. This makes me so sad. I hope you understand my anger and frustration about this situation :/"
"With the new RNG and the R8 call of duty is a real competitor now. CS:GO Needs a Direct Competitor as a Game. If CS:GO had direct competition, valve will do their (hopefully) best to make CS:GO as good as possible. I'm not asking anybody to make a multi million dollar game, I'm just saying it'd be a nice idea, if possible at all. The biggest problem is how hard it would be to make a game as popular and as rich as CS:GO."
"Einstein, Gandhi, MLK, and Jesus were all liberals! Double brave."
Maybe they will expand on their black hole theory that I found so intriguing. CNN is going to have a field day
"Thanks, Trump. Just in, from Gary McDowell, executive director of Future of Research: The Fair Labor Standards Act updates are dead. A nationwide preliminary injunction has been granted to prevent implementation on Dec 1st. The Republicans plan to repeal in January. So the salary threshold will remain at $23,660."
"Because ""real programmers"" manage every single bit of their own memory, with no help from anything, or something like that. Why do you say that?"
"Yeah, a lot of things on the Internet failed during the 2000s (see DotCom bubble), which is why no one ever tried anything online ever again. We did this in 2000. It didn't work."
"Because BC won't see any benefits of the pipeline, right? I don't care if it's built or not, but I 100% believe no clean up costs should land on BC taxpayers. Oil spill costs should be billed directly to the Alberta government or the corporation in charge on the pipeline."
But this conversation *actually* happened. Then everyone clapped.
"Because everybody, everywhere can be trained in how to understand pharmaceuticals so they can scrutinize what a company tells them. caveat emptor my god, people would have to learn and think for themselves? Heresy!!! Who knows, maybe if people learned these skills in regard to products, they might apply the same principles to political candidates....."
"Their on back order until they can find a way to tell you you're not gonna get them without pissing off the internet. On a related note, did anyone actually get those gift cards from the the 10,000 points promo they gave away? Mine has been stuck in Order Processing since that day."
No....all the top guilds just do it over and over all day long for fun and excitement..... Are M+ worth doing for chance at WF/Titanforge alone?
"i can not wait to hear all the great Ohio State guests they are going to have on today Really Big Thread - November 23, 2016 Welcome to another edition of The Really Big Show. Feel free to discuss the show, or anything related to the show, right here in the daily thread."
"Nah, they will be efficiently used as a resource. Right, and how does this work if you get two job offers at once? In a market like this one, people will be super fucked if they can only apply to one job at a time."
"honestly at this point.. what difference does it make? I thought the youtube video was the red herring, why would she want it blocked if its her cover story?"
"Men can't be raped didn't you know that? um, if they were both drunk, what about HIS ability to consent? anyone else fund this to be a bit sexist?"
"Yeah it definitely helps having 2 natural centers start Idk. It's not the popular opinion that's for sure, but I think Greg will start and josh will come off the bench. When you think of 6th men, it's usually do it all players, or heavy scorers. Josh can definitely come off the bench and be a good ""Lamar odom"" type of player where he basically runs the offense. Moose is more of a slow and grind it out offensive player. So while he's starting, he would play high post and either force his way to the basket, kick it out to shooters, or kick it down low for one of those sweet sweet moose-Dre oops that we've seen. Just my thought tho. I don't really care either way"
"To be fair he was still a black man in 2005. Obama was blamed for Hurricane Katrina, let that sink in and then lament that those same idiots elected the next president."
I didn't know Ubercharge was a feature in Revelations Is it just me or that Camo on that Weapon looks like something out of Custom Zombies?
"The parent is not asking you, they are telling you, no need to say please that would be like begging. Not a single ""please"" anywhere to be seen"
Don't you know by now that all men are worthless and that their lives are expendable? Its only a joke when we do it
First of all how dare you Gangrel X Emmeryn
"Their chant implies that those born out of wedlock and those masturbating don't belong there. Are they chanting that men don't belong there? Or are they insulting a particular person? Because saying ""Woman belong in the kitchen"" is not insulting one person for their mistake, it's insulting a whole gender because of an individual's mistake, there is a big difference there, not hard to see..."
Correction MS paint is the best The best way to make your favorite wallpaper.
"""how can you not be interested with me having sex with my mom!?"" I had sex with my mom."
Ya playing Vi/Naut bot is so fun in the name of memes and karma. its supposed to be a challenge with rules that make sense and are fun
nah dude its an ice cube sample its a classic break from the isley brothers
"It's the mature PC thing to do This guys other videos have hundreds of views, and thus one's got tens of thousands and thousands of dislikes. Isn't this brigading? Seems like a shit thing to do tbh."
Seems 'SEC Bias' is cyclical. TIL Bear Bryant supported the idea of an 8-team playoff as early as 1967.
Well I watched Titanic as a teen and I'm a lesbian so maybe they're really onto something here. My parents were against me going to see Titanic because there were boobs in it. I was 13 and a girl. I saw boobs literally everyday.
Woohoo. IFS says Brexit means austerity likely to continue into next decade
"Kitch = awesome I'll be honest, I used to love GC when I was in year 10 - 11. This was 2003 -2004 . I don't watch tv, Like most of Reddit i download my TV shows illegally. If they are using previous fame to get in an ad and make a few bucks then awesome. The public obviously likes them enough to warrent it"
wrong sub OFFICIAL PTS Victory Points playtest in 4 hours! (PSB TS recommended)
"Don't cheapen the value of a blow job! With a six figure salary, you could buy many blowjobs!"
Everyone knows that the upvote and downvotes are for my opinion. It's because she made a claim that went against the opinion of the highly upvoted commenter.
Clearly an unbiased and trustworthy news source. Hillary exposed as liar while under oath at benghazi hearings
"Well, don't you have a stick up your ass? Personally, I love pegging. I actually am plugged right now."
"They should trade love he's trash and always will be Eastern Conference Game 5: Toronto Raptors (2-2) vs Cleveland Cavaliers (2-2) 5/25/16 8:30pm EST ESPN No words can explain my nerves and excitement. **LET'S GO CAVS!! ALL FOR ONE, ONE FOR ALL!!!**"
Because no one runs those cards right now. I don't flip my backrow because it shows what I'm running in my deck. I don't want them to know if I'm maining Vanity or Black Horn.
Down voted for truth. This subreddit is very downvote heavy for some reason. You go on the new tab and almost every post has 1 or 0 points.
"Ahh yes, the people who don't want to have kids or cannot take care of them suddenly keeping their kids will be great for society long term. Russian patriarch says halving abortions would solve population crisis"
"So you are OK with mediocrity? To put things in perspective, at this point I would be ecstatic with an 8-8 Ravens season."
U PC BRO? Yeah wanting to go about my day without some creeper grabbing my breasts is so fucking unreasonable isn't it?
"Halo Follower Who are your favourite Halo youtube content creators? Personally, I enjoy watching ISpiteful, Pingy, Spartan school, and Legundo. Only recently have I discovered Legundo and I gotta say his content is fantastic, the effort he puts into his videos is insane! What about you? Who do you enjoy and why?"
We obviously need to worry about how other people are enjoying the event and whether we can hear them or not. Are we gonna make a thread about the crowd at every event after Cluj-Napoca now is that the new meta
"Weird that... almost as if quite a lot of people support it ... I wonder why it's illegal, doesn't make sense? The title of the post has weed and legalization in it so it'll automatically be upvoted."
"since prominent christian leaders didn't do that already by having 5 or more marriages We just stopped recognizing that they were created for the sole purpose to prevent interracial marriage after the *Loving* decision? This just reeks of trying to spoil marriage equality in one last ditch attempt. Since every other argument against gay marriage lost or was debunked, the institution of marriage in this country should now just be destroyed?"
"I like how you extrapolate that into a direct attack on you and wax into an emotional passive aggressive attack. Comments like this really bother me. In your mind, if I have different views about gun control than you, it means I'm not a ""decent, law-abiding citizen""? That's an insanely black-and-white way of looking at the world. People can disagree and still have good reasons for holding their differing opinions."
At least we'll still have Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H. I'm afraid ABC will cancel AoS! They have to renew it for at least a final season! #RenewAgentsofSHIELD
"Obviously the guy requesting the reports has the burden of proving they don't exist Huh? One guy claims that ""there have been reports out that the second autopsy contained the same conclusions"". He does not provide these ""reports"". Then the other guy says he wants to see those reports before he believes his claim. What ""supporting evidence"" for that question were you expecting, really?"
"Bloody hell this meme is raw, cook it again! The Chef With No Fear!"
We can't let those third-world country babies take over the world now can we! What the everloving fuck..
"I have to disagree, it would be more like 4.5 people. About 3 people would show up for this. :)"
Men can't get raped double standard.
"Because it is cold Smash Bros not Smash Family Whoa, whoa, whoa. Does Tumblr *actually* claim that smash is sexist? Wtf how?"
They're clearly geraffes They're definitely camels
"Yes, that's a very reasonable and objective explanation of the situation, well done. They're like angry young teenagers. They have no problem taking money, but when shouldered with an inch of responsibility, they'll bitch and threaten to run away, despite having nowhere to go and pretty well no means of supporting themselves. And the parents are quite tired of the antics, but can't bring themselves to kick them out as they just don't have a clue. So it's a hopeless amusement they watch with, knowing that there's nothing they can really do except keep giving them some money, and hoping that maybe, one day, they will grow up."
Nicktron? He's probably the only greek player that isn't god-aweful at this game. He's good.
"Atleast one adren can do something All 8 Aces from MLG Columbus 2016 ($1,000,000 Prize pool Major Tournament)"
clearly showcasing the offense powerhouse Ruutu before the deadline :( No Bobby? Did he get hurt or sent down?
YOU look like you have down syndrome! that dog looks like it has down syndrome
"Don't be a dick Afty A glitch? In Unity?! That's impossible, it's the best game in the series."
Pfft I'd rather use Dandemagus on Vargas instead Its kinda funny since dandelga is one of the better nuke sphere on Vargas lol
at least someone is asking the important questions! Why would they say the US government said that? It is true but very inprecise. Technically the north carolina government is the US government. Why not Specify the Federal governments Justice department in the exectuive branch?
It's a conspiracy man Tell him tebow hasn't just been out of the league the last 3 years for nothing
"Those dirty muslims. 3,000 children enslaved in Britain after being trafficked from Vietnam"
"Awesome dirt cheap prices BF Sale Begins NOW! Dirt-Cheap eGrip, SVD 2.0, Atlantis and iPV 3 150w . 20% off Juice (Cosmic Fog, Space Jam, Cuttwood, Nicquid &amp; More), 10% off Starter Kits &amp; Clearomizers; 20% off Coils!"
"Just like how season 6s ending was a masterful work of art that was only misunderstood by a lack of intelligence on our part. The Premiere *spoiler rumors Greg Nicotero stated on AMC's ""Geeking Out"" that the Negan kill wasn't the worse thing that'll happen in the S7 premiere. To quote he stated ""There's so much more that happens in that episode that is more heartbreaking than that moment, that by the time the episode's over it's almost too much. It's that intense."" What do you guys think he's talking about? Could it be the rumored second death, or could this be a show-runner over exaggerating in an attempt to build hype?"
If those cranes had gus this never would have happened. Anger and Outrage as Two Endangered Whooping Cranes Shot in Texas
Must be all those homosexual and transgender drivers in Russia. How the fuck did that even happen? The white car veers for no reason.
but...but.. Kobe... 24?
"no, i really need that warning after clicking a blue link that it's an external website. Arenanet really needs to fix it's horrible forum software. And the lack of interesting armor for my elementalist."
Nahh man he took a year off for shits I mean he took time off to rehab acl tear after the Max fight. Chad fight he came in with the injury rather than injure it during the fight which happened in the max fight
"Look on the bright side: you have a Dagaz, and that's a win win situation for me. I hate this game sometimes"
Shouldnt the side bar picture be of something cool like a double OT winning goal or something? New sidebar image request.. Kid banging on the glass makes this picture
SEC bias. ARGH 2016 Preseason Power Ratings: (1) Bama (2) LSU (3) Clemson (4) Tennessee (5) OU (6) Ohio St (7) Ole Miss (8) Michigan (9) Oklahoma St (10) Stanford
I Belive (going out on a limb) that you got banned for team killing What happened?
Well you're a man.. fix it already! Dunno. It just stopped working.
"Souvenir: a giant foam finger with ""We're number I"" stenciled in it; the ""I"" being Roman numeral I. A gladiator fight at the Coliseum, circa 100 AD. Just to see how it looks compared to our modern idea of a gladiatorial match. What food or souvenirs did they sell? How did the crowd act?"
"Why are you so fucking dumb? Well, after 4 years I only have 600 comment karma. I'm sure it's all gone with this answer, but here we go. I don't like the implementation of universal health care. I'd much rather see something similar to Canada. What we did feels like a partial measure, and now we have a new system that is all messed up."
480 is only half of 960. Should I upgrade to the new amd card from my 960? Just recently got my 960 but considering it's so cheap and my birthday is next week I will be able to buy it. Don't know if you would recommend it?
Clearly it changes depending on the situation... I find it interesting that trans people are only as gay or straight as the transphobe dictates. Transexual looking to date? Must be a gay man trying to trick poor straight men into a dicking! Transexual in the ladies toilet? Must be a straight man trying to look up women's skirts!
"duh because we are all awful and the N is never at fault for his or her own actions we are Why do the always say? ""Look what your doing to us"" ""Look what is making us do"" ""Don't do this to us"" ""Your going to ruin us"" ""how could you do this to us?"
"But his freedoms! I am American and I have read history, maybe you should read some?"
"Muhammed was an oppressed PoC who was SLUT-SHAMED for his attraction to children, Shitlord! Those are only offensive to Westerners. Where's the picture of Muhammed?"
"That works, because he wins every argument He does that every time. It's no wonder everyone hates him. He goes around like he's debate master general and talks down to everyone. He has to win every argument no matter what he's babbling on about."
"Because if you don't make the players feel important, even though 4 level one wizards are just 4 squishy meat balloons in robes waiting to pop, then you're a bad DM. So any dm that includes the possibility of failure is a bad dm? Level one wizards have low enough hit points that a few bad rolls can easily kill them. A dm can only fudge so much before the players start to notice."
"Wow, what a strange coincidence, it happens to be your username I love it surprisingly."
A t-shirt signed by Canadian mid-1980's rocker Gowan. What is your most treasured piece of signed memorabilia? Pictures a plus!
Yeah because other economic systems have produced such high quality living standards. Well everyone else is losing out to benefit a select few. But that will always in capitalism. It's great isn't it?? Oh what an advanced and caring society we live in!
"Here's a virtual cookie for you. Believe it or not, I have friends outside of this subreddit who watch Avatar."
"In your opinion yes Objectively speaking, that's subjective."
Guys stop taking shots at TSM. Crumbzz the Hero
"Uhmm... we're just here for the gamerscore. I'm a PS4 owner, how has Fallout 4 been with mods on console? When Survival Mode came out I wanted to wait for mods to make my new playthrough fresh since this game isn't as replayable as New Vegas. How much life have they breath into your game?"
Has anyone emailed this article to Omar Bargouti? SodaStream boycott leads to loss of about 500 Palestinian jobs
"Lying is a Sin, he's not going to do that He's already shown a proclivity for sexual abuse and breaking the trust of the people closest to him, I honestly wouldn't doubt that he actually made this account."
I bet you think upstart is good too But it's not a -10. It's a -9. ^^^^I'm ^^^^joking ^^^^please ^^^^don't ^^^^kill ^^^^me
Can I connect this to my xbone? buy a graphics amplifier - get a free titan?!? WTF?
"Considering how full of intellectuals and deep thinkers the modern rap scene is, I must admit that I'm a bit surprised at how poorly they seem to grasp even the most basic concepts of artistic license Slim Jesus Got His Mic Snatched And Humiliated On Stage In Canada"
Go to the Sennheiser factory to try the sennies! Good places to try out headphones(Germany) So I would like to know if there are any places where you can try good headphones. Bigger Citys that are near me are Cologne and Dortmund. Most shops I have been to either didn't let you try them out or only had something like beats. I would like to try out: -Sennheiser HD 598 -Sennheiser HD 598C -Phillips SHP 9500 -AKG K612 PRO -Beyerdynamic DT990 Premium 250 Ohm -Audio-Technica ATH-AD500X -Audio-Technica ATH-AD900X
"Lower your libido, start eating like him! I eat much healthier than my husband, maybe that is the reason I am horny all the time!"
"I bet you also leave Stalin's wiki page full of negative content that hinders his work! That's.... amazing. The reason to remove it is that it makes her look bad, basically? That's a reason?"
"I thought the stuttering would tip people off but I probably should have added an We may accidentally kill innocent people in the pursuit of these bad guys, but it is quite clearly not our intent. They strive to kill as many innocent people as possible. See the difference? Or are you that stupid?"
"What's a micron? Because really, it takes hours"
wanna hear a good joke womens rights... 4 copies of Insurgency! Make me laugh and i'll PM you a code.
Almost positive he forgot the You serious? O_o
"Original post/10 What a Shane win could mean... So, if Shane wins, he gets Raw. He disbands the Authority. He banishes Vince. And he mixes up some matches so certain people have a better chance in winning titles. But the opportunity isn't with Shane, it's with HHH. Because if HHH is no longer with the Authority, and no longer the champ, what does he have left? He has NXT. And who could he grab from NXT to invade RAW? The Balor Club? Joe? Corbin? Drifter? Nakamura? Ares? It is going to be like the Monday Night Wars all over again. And just in time for the next survivor series or summerslam. Just throwing it out there."
"Yeah cause as we all know, the person at the drive-thru comes up with the company's core beliefs and values. Guy 'bullies' a woman from a fast food restaurant."
"Oh, I see, you make a very convincing argument Again, go fuck yourself. You're contributing nothing yourself."
"You forgot You forgot meat, we're good at meat."
Ab tak Chappan Also movies glorify encounter killings.
Nice to see the will of the people is being carried out by their respective leaders. How internal / external immigration is viewed by each EU country (Eurobarometer poll)
"But he did something bad so he deserves rape! So many jokes about it. It's not funny. It's a serious health and mental situation. ""Oh good, he's convicted, I hope he gets raped!"" Um, no. That's not how justice works. Rape is not justice, it's still fucking rape."
"Like, totally There's nothing uglier than a dragon. No matter how nicely decorated your apartment looks, if there's a dragon statue it ruins it."
"Seals can't be happy if they're too busy being clubbed :D Yeah man, see, nobody cares... **HAHA THIS FUCKING GUY IS GAY AS A SEAL!!**"
Kill all who disagree! Congratulations on hating a person with different opinions than you so much that you turn exactly into what you claim to hate.
And again Freakazoid having no impact at all. I got carried by Cloud9
"Thanks That's the problem, it's not a regular university and that's why he's being investigated and prosecuted for civil fraud."
Teams like FDL and Void Boys are constantly under his shadow so they can't break out and play to their fullest potential you think rtz is a huge reason why the NA scene is unstable? What is wrong in your head?
"yes, because many people would tell a foreign speaker to use words like homonym and contraction when communicating with people over the internet Or a foreigner being helped to type by an American, and that American just doesn't wanna stop and make him correct every single thing, just the stuff that helps us understand him better like punctuation."
what a shame that we must miss out of her literary master-work Zoe Quinn Loses The Book &amp; Movie Deal
"B-b-but, Australia has higher minimum wage! Australians will have to pay $127AU for XCOM 2, double what those in the USA pay - the Australia Tax at its finest"
Because the probable action would be IN the office rather than actually getting them put in place in the city! Servers aren't usually in the office.
"Yeah I wish Google would innovate more, they're hardly doing anything. So dies innovation."
"The kind of awful person who makes friends from other cultures, you're disgusting! ?"
"But shhhh, he's a man and it's okay! Uhh hold up. 5'9"" and 200 pounds? That's a 29.5 BMI. Three more pounds and he's obese. And he's giving you shit? Fuck that. He's a projecting asshole."
didn't you see the lighting port? how are his headphones connected?
"Yes, AMD is totally not in it for the money... Please AMD don't go bankrupt, NVIDIA is evil enough as it is, I may have to buy a 380x now"
left off the because a volunteer scribbles down pre-early voting tallies on her hand and claims a greater cover-up?
"Why would Obama veto a ""common sense"" gun law that ""makes us more like the civilized nations of Europe"" where gun violence is not a problem? Obama will veto it and I doubt enough dems will crossover to overturn."
Thin privilege! Graphic anti-obesity ads to air in Australia
"Please tell us how much we torture dogs by feeding them dog food. If you were raised in those conditions, would you consider it torture?"
What kinda fucked up person would even do this! Hairless rabbit
"Guys this is just the same as in Photoshop, you don't really need kb/mouse for that, you just need pixel coordinates Peasant's opinion on Halo 5 Forge coming to PC"
"Wait, lucio has speed? As a professional Lucio Taxi, the lack of speed boost in this post bothers me."
"LOL, I think you forgot the Trust her, and find an internship in New York."
"Gotta put the ""end sarcasm"" symbol: My sarcasm didn't come through"
People who work in healthcare should do it for free...its all about healing the sick. Not if the business side of it is paying you the salary that one needs to support a family
"I may as well be in a strip club! 'Afzal, it's not about intelligence or ability, it's about DIGNITY! A woman in sujood in front of a whole congregation of men is just not appropriate! What a wonderful view these men would have when raising their heads from prostration - a woman's bottom and back straightening up! You think this is appropriate..??' Dat comment! Are Muslims really that obsessed with sex that the sight of a woman's veiled back will have them cream their pants?!"
"Mechanics too stronk Scripter in Master EUW ""jesus pwnd"""
"You're right, we should just let them die. Placement of an NG tube isn't comfortable, but most patient's, who consent to the procedure, tolerate it. But placing one without a person't consent, in my personal opinion, is torture. This video may be over-dramatic, but it makes an accurate point; the US should not being doing this to prisoners."
And everyone knows that a personal story is the most sound scientific evidence.... Still not enough. You have no idea how misinformed people are about autism and how doctors continue to misdiagnose. I just started with a kid whose doctor still hasn't given him a correct diagnosis.
"Damn white people all look alike I couldn't tell the white people apart except for that one wizard guy and the king who looks like he's 20. And I think some guys son died, and then lightning came down and stuff happened... I think."
"LET THE REPLACEMENT DRIVER RUMORS SWIRL AGAIN! AJ Allmendinger not injured, but still feeling 'gut-punched' after wreck at Kentucky"
Looks like next-gen graphics are here boys Toyota x Monster Hunter Commercial
All stats are meaningless unless Bill James invented them Why batting average with runners in scoring position is meaningless
"Forgot the Shut up. YOLO should never be used in a gun forum. It should never be used, period."
"Downvote for ""yinz"" .... We need a change around here! Remember, there is an upvote button to the left! Yinz need to learn how to upvote! Here is a thread to practice on! :3"
"yea, that sounds like the real motivation. Oh man, you must be new to the whole nudes thing. Posting as a girl gets you WAY more PMs, upvotes, and comments. Then you can laugh with your friends when guys PM you about masturbating to your ass when they don't know better. I post as a guy on other subs, but I post as a girl on gonewild for shits and giggles."
"No its obviously on Mars I think I figured out where shangri la is So on the giant when playing as Dempsey sometimes when you pack a punch he'll say ""this machine's been everywhere we've been"" the he starts naming locations 1 of them being Brazil, I can't think of a single map other than Shang that would be in Brazil"
"Yeah, you are right tobacco and paper aren't plant products. I don't think you know what a plant is. Cigarettes, cat shit, and fast food cups aren't plants. And yes, pets do litter when they poop, that's why you're legally obligated to pick it up in most areas when they do."
"Chemicals, man that glucose sure is deadly and don't even get me started on that Dihydrogen Monoxide Chemicals: a worry for pregnant women?"
"Idiot, the defender clearly touched the ball Im guessing its not called as a foul because you didnt pick the pass up in the first place and thus the ball was not in your possession as you get tackled, instead its in possession of your opponents keeper in that very moment as the game calculates the possessor of the ball in advance of him actually having it. If that makes any sense. Of course it should be a foul yes, but the game doesnt calculate it correctly because of what I explained earlier. Just a simple guess though, but I think I might be on to something."
"No, Obama can't run for a third term. Imagine if Trump was defeated by a Muslim."
"He plans to make America great again. I dont see pakistan agreeing to de nuclearize. Moreover, does Trump have a plan for anything?"
"watermelon is one word....I expected higher standards from you. We have higher standards these days. Jokes about black people, fried chicken, and water mellon aren't funny. Apply that to most stereotypes. We understand how stereotypes have lead to some of the nastiest of treatment towards people, and the older generation doesn't get it like we do."
"Nice to know Activi$ion's priorities are in check. New ""Taunts and Gestures"" Bribe Supple Drop Available | Getting closer, yet Weapons are far away."
"But if they want to make it big, they should get all the exposure they can. They're probably pretttyyy busy rolling in money atm"
"Wow, so original. Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side!"
"PMITA prisons were built for hackers like you. I occasionally google my kids' names to see if they're turning up anywhere. Once, one showed up on a UT page, and it was clearly not supposed to be accessible. Kid had done a study at UT kid lab (not an official name) for some grad student, and all the names/info/experimental protocols were just sort of hanging out online. I emailed the lab director and they thanked me and fixed it."
Poor dude who completely deserved his ban. Poor dunkey
"oh my god, seriously this guy has been hitting the gym Esl's Freakazoid bromance #KappaPride"
"yeah, because you know Dana and the UFC made zero dollars from letting Arianny and Brittany do spreads in playboy.. Scumbag Dana White.. Fires Chandella for nude modeling.. Allows Palmer and Celesete to pose for Playboy."
"Oxygen is extremely explosive and can easily cause deaths, perhaps we should look at banning it entirely as well. Shut the fuck up and leave people the fuck alone. Do you people just sit around all day and dream up new ways to restrict people's lives? Don't like it, don't watch it. You know what's killed a lot of people? Cars. BAN CARS."
you accidentally the I guess all the downvotes means my sarcasm wasn't detected
Yeah how come nobody is proving that the lining in juice boxes doesn't make kids gay! It's amazing how all these articles sprout up to debunk conspiracy theorists instead of debunking the conspiracies themselves.
For how much? They sell 4 packs at dollar tree
"very subtle, and your perspective is fresh and unique Another mass shooting, innocent Americans die because cowards demand guns... and not one thing will change. Great job, NRA."
Of course they forgot to mention the FBI supplied the underwear... U.S.: CIA thwarts new al-Qaida underwear bomb plot
"""Painting"" David Legwand's painting commemorating 1,000 games played in the NHL"
It would probably just be a pain in the ass. A dickbutt moderator
"Lol red is for suckers, I only bet odd numbers. I would suggest him to bet more on red. Easy way to make money."
Not the Pope! Mike Francesca announces his retirement yay!!
Aren't we all slaves... TO THE PATRIARCHY? Why whites are worse than any other race. A few things left out here...
maybe because spurrier already does it Maybe he's so adamantly against it because Spurrier is so strongly for it...or not
"Yeah, only poor alcoholics ride bicycles. Because people with drunk driving convictions can get around without the need for a licence."
"everyone starts college in their teen years! If you don't mind me getting too intrusive here, aren't/weren't you a teen mom as well if you're in college and have a 3 year old?"
I see the beta testers in legion already finished their content... Waiting for new content
"Shut up with all your reasonable assessments, this does nothing for the narrative that Benning shipped out a star. He looked like shit in Utica, but I'm fairly certain that's because he just didn't want to be here. Didn't really go into corners, was going at a minor and a half a game before the playoffs, half assed skating and getting beat outside."
"#### Dat loyalty -_- ####Obviously hook up with Zemaiah while Marju is gone. Hehe. Come, come, hhehehe bot."
We have banners? Now compare this to the three banners at Safeco :(
"Yes because apparently its crazy for a guy to just not want to have sex. I'm a guy, and for what it's worth, I think there are other dynamics at work here. Maybe fear of impotency, maybe issues of abandonment on his part. Whatever it is, just try your best to work it out, and good luck."
"Why would this be fake, people don't have the time to waste on photoshop and aftereffects to create false leak practical jokes that get hundreds of upvotes and gaming articles written about them ----------------------- Ridley leaked? Looks pretty good to me"
"I honestly can't tell if this is I'm no Clinton supporter, but if that happens, I'll be delighted. If she proves me wrong and is a great president, hooray! She won't be though. She will be an opaque, corporatist, oligarchic, and hawkish president. She'll be everything she always has been."
"Come out from under your rock, did you? Guys, why are there season 3 episodes of TLOK on youtube and TPB in 480p in spanish."
"He was just trying to start a conversation! Especially Sam ""Bring Back Bullying"" Biddle. Fuck that guy."
"Yes, that's certainly what happened. Yes, he deserves that promotion, and they hold him down so they can pay him less, and give the promotion to the boss's friend. Working for a year knowing that you're in line for that promotion, only to be stuck at the same frustrating, shitty job position for another whole year, with your promotion given to someone who doesn't deserve it, why not have them do the overtime work instead? I would quit and work somewhere else too."
Remember to eat your high fructose corn syrup cookies for Christmas this year everyone! Dehydration of sucrose by sulfuric acid
"Yes, because I said it was a good thing in that statement. It's a really bad thing actually."
"Obviously make high ground fountain even higher ground And what do you suggest they do about it, exactly?"
"Stupid cops, don't they know they have to allow themselves to be assaulted? Black man attacks police with axe, black police officer shoots him dead. CNN strongly suggests that this is racism, because it happened in Selma, Alabama. Merry Christmas."
"Ahh ...was that Its good to see order being restored in Egypt. They are holding the rioters accountable, and preventing harmful elements from destabilizing Egyptian society. For once, Good Job Egypt!"
The only top 100 that matters I'll just have to aim for top 100 unranked and chill with you chip :(
"The Butcher rework is probably their best shot at getting more fresh meat into the game I really have to wonder what Blizzard is planning to reinvigorate this game. Tangentially, I have to wonder how profitable the game is for Blizzard... It isn't exactly dying, but we could use some fresh meat... More people means more eSports presence, which means more exposure which means more players, which means moe profit for Blizzard and so on. I truly enjoy this game and I just wanna see it grow."
"I disowned friends that I've known for 10+ years over their decision to vote remain, it's a competitive market. It's a competitive market. If someone publicly expresses their political opinion, it's completely reasonable that that might tip someone to using a competitor instead. They don't own your custom."
"Git gud, scrub. Fucking video games. I really couldn't care less, fellas."
"lol no the rest of the community is toxic yes but i think the main point i'm making is that *we* are the community. i pointed out that *we* need to change, which i think makes sense and shouldn't seem too hypocritical."
"towns's efg would probably go down with young timmy's usage but: tim's best ts% year was 57.9 in 2006-7 if he shot 85% from the line like towns does, his ts% that year would've been 62.3 too bad deandre duncan didn't work harder My instinct was to say the FT% was the difference, but Towns has a higher EFG% than Duncan ever had as well"
"D'you mean las maldivas? Nope, I was rooting for Dortmund in that final. I also rooted for Germany against the Argies because well... Falklands"
The US clearly needs 'Muri-Con laws to protect their local artists from the Canadian hegemony. Fun fact: 6 of the 7 most popular songs in the US this week are by Canadians.
Banning books is a great start... They should make a law against books like this. Remove tongue from cheek.
"Unions are bad, unless they are Police Unions. Back when America was great, there were strong unions that protected the interests of the workers."
"What do you *mean* that ""going 3-21 with 0 objective completions"" is a *bad* score? As a solo player, this is deadly accurate."
"Menial tasks are not important and do not need to be performed, therefor they are not worthy of pay. FWD: ITS MINIMUM WAGE, NOT MINORITY WAGE"
"I guess if Cruz can run, why not Edmonton native john Scott! Is it too late for him to throw his hat in the presidential race?"
"It's totally hipster to watch it at a bar I can't recall the specific bars off the top of my head, but many bars do weekly viewings so I'm sure they'll have one for the finale. Fairly certain The Local does one."
"Because that jumpy schedule TOTALLY works with most disney XD shows just think about all the shows that are still going..... From what I get from Alex Hirsch's AMA (last time), this jumpy schedule has always been Disney's way and that it's proven to be effective in marketing a series (which really makes me go ????). :/"
Huhi is a 5x better Syndra player. have you ever seen bjerg play syndra?
Ye bro all those VAC waves did nothing Cheaters are only thing they should be working on. They put 0 effort into their anti-cheat and it's fucking pathetic. Never putting a single cent into csgo again because they;ve shown they're incompetent and don't care.
StH twitter guy for Guest Grumps! So... the official Sonic twitter has just posted this.
Source? studies say that 100% of the people that have been in a relationship have died or will die
"science is a social construct, after all. #Females, ie women menstruate and/or lay eggs. Males do not. This is basic biology, is this not taught in schools anymore?"
"Just wait until he plays against a real defense Dak Prescott is the 1st rookie QB in NFL history to pass for 300+ yards, 2+ TDs &amp; 0 INTs in consecutive games"
"Because trapped on a ~~island~~ volcano in the middle of the ocean. Honolulu, because why not?"
Yeah because signing two aged players helped us so much this season Send him to the colts
Nice one! Yre really bad at shittalk
That fucking Carney! Mick Foley has changed his mind on Cesaro.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug I did a few 50-60+ hour stints in college to get projects done. I lived.
"Seems legit. DNMAvengers Forum Is Back Up! We at the Avengers recently had a change of address that some people may have missed out on. Our new onion address is: http://dnmavengeradt4vo.onion/ We had some recent downtime over the last couple days while we were upgrading hardware and getting our backend in line. And while there is a chance for some more limited downtime in the following week or two, most of the major hurdles have been vaulted. We're in it for the long run, and look forward to getting our community growing yet again. Our coke and heroin community threads have always be lively places for discussion, and we currently have many samples out for testing at Energy Control from vendors from all over the world. We always offer discounted code purchases for Energy Control tests, and also do code giveaways as well. We also have our own subreddit to follow our status if you have issues connecting: r/DNMAvengers Stop by if you have a chance, and spread the word that we're up and at 'em. -Pipe"
In that case let me just get the $20 out of my bank and travel the world. Many people travel without a significant amount of money.
Nice baseless assumption! He's probably not very educated.
"If only reddit knew who he was. I'm not a ""fan"" of Ron Paul, I disagree with a lot of what he has to say, but I recognize that he's the best - by far - major candidate."
Seeing her ukulele is obviously girl code for anal So a cute girl invited me to come to her house to see her ukulele... Number 1: what the fuck? Number 2: what does this even mean? (Said yes btw)
If only he had shown his instability during the race. Donald Trump supporters express regret over their vote: 'He seems lost'
"But boys cannot get unwanted boners, they all have complete control of their genitals at all times for adolescent girls the head spinning is like what an unwanted boner is to boys. sometimes that shit just happens."
"Don't worry I'm sure he will be Captain Kirk level someday A little early to be calling him the ""real deal"""
"Proof comes later, proof doesn't matter until after the allegations! so... where's the proof?"
I'd love to break my GOP addiction but my need for hating Mexicans keeps me hooked. Why the GOP Candidates Are Hooked on Addiction Stories
Blindness is the inability to see What do you mean?
"The biological bullshit arrives... Love those kinds of posts. Men are biologically hard-wired to ""spread their seed"", so to speak. He's doing just that. An ""open relationship"" here simply means there is no ""relationship"" in the sense that you're implying. It's fucking around, literally."
"Maybe she's talking about all the sign language. ""Coded racism"", i.e., I didn't see racism, but I know it has to be here somewhere!"
"also don't forget to eat your Margarine plebs. For decades, the government steered millions away from whole milk. Was that wrong?"
"What's funny is that it would probably be a good thing since we wouldn't use it in the first place lol.. MLS looking out for the little guy! As far as I know, no self respecting person is going to use ""wings"" anyway. ""TONIGHT! The Wings take on the Galaxy!"" Nope. No. And now that SGs and unaffiliated supporters can't use it legally, I'm guessing that it's probably dead in the water. By the way, did MLS register ""Loons"" and ""Lions""?"
Cancer? What's that thing that smoking gets you?
"Looks like they learned after Paris that the only way to go is to ban all unencrypted communication While the world is pushing for more surveillance, Germany wants to become encryption site number one and make end-to-end encryption the standard"
"Amazing people, really He is the mod of r/pakistan. Just sayin.."
I think he forgot his Got a source for that?
Many people says it's because of Trump Foundation contributions to NAMBLA and planned parenthood. 66 days since his last press conference. **Why is he so afraid?**
No people from the south are all racist rich white Republicans who hate thinking and love guns! TIL Confederate cavalry general Nathan Bedford Forrest was the first Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan. He quit the group less than two years later. In 1875 he was invited to give a speech before an organization of black Southerners advocating racial reconciliation and equality. (Speech in Comments)
If you wanted original you should've joined reddit. Original
What did that cost per square foot ? I made a penny floor!
"Right, because every single 2 cent micropayment should obviously be recorded for all eternity on an ever growing ledger ""You could have an option to not view advertising and instead pay a couple of pennies per page as you go...According to Schatsky, using the cryptocurrency bitcoin would make a micropayment system feasible due to its low transaction costs."" Who wants to deliver the bad news to CNBC?"
"Yeah, $upercell is making very little money so they can't afford to hire more people to work on their games. Don't put the blame back at supercell. They are a small team and can't manage to run Reddit, forums, tournaments, social media, balance changes, and new content."
"Yeah, wait until it goes live when you can't do anything about it. Stop crying over beta changes you freaking baby"
"Because you have a penis you shitlord I'm gay, I'm out .... Yet feminist scumbags still see me as a constant rape threat If I find even the idea of hetro sex disgusting what do they think gives them the right to lable me ?"
"I think atomic, so tough to tell this guys legit. Who is he sponsored by? I can't tell."
"Yay for stereotypes! Mom usually knows everything. Two moms knowing everything... hell, it scares me too."
So he's a true Geordie now with the theeth missing Newcastle United striker Dwight Gayle reportedly loses four teeth after being attacked during a night out in Liverpool
i hope not! Me too
"That's because 9/11 was an inside job It's weird to me that Benghazi has gotten like a dozen government backed investigations, and 9/11 only got 2."
"Hes got Diaz and GSP lined up Wonderboy will have to get in line I feel like if Woodley decides to carry on with his moving forward in explosive bursts while swinging style against Wonderboy he's gonna get picked off really easy, Ronda vs Holm style, in fact I think if Woodley can't get Wonderboy to the mat he's in big big trouble."
"""IM POOR BUT DON'T WANT TO WORK AND CHANGE THAT"" Because how can you affect any change on the game if you don't participate in it?"
Here I think you forgot this: Belichick's an idiot he threw the season away and burned the turkey last Thanksgiving goddammit!
"silly gw2 person only rangers can use bows Does it bother anyone else that the caption for the first image is ""Get back here! Ranger crippling a foe in the Guild Wars 2 closed beta."" yet it is obviously a Thief shooting the arrow? That is unless they changed the ranger arrow animations..."
So that's why she's supporting Biden's initiative! She has cancer and alzheimers.
Dropped your It's funny because a strikingly high number of Catholic Priests and higher-ups have been known to molest and rape young boys.
But maybe if we give them more money they'll do a better job guys. Don Cayo: TransLink soap opera is a gift to the No side
"wow, way to assume that the other half is male. Wouldn't a half girl also be a half boy?"
Don't you have to die first in order to go to Hell? You go to Hell! You go to Hell and you die!
"omg it's a free game stop whining you entitled jerk, the team that works on partying isn't the team that works on content, go die Is this why patches take so long to come out?"
oh noo not the locker room and chemistry that helps us beat the bulls and maintain leads late in games. Then you loose the locker room and Chemistry. From everything I heard he's a huge asshole.
"I'm sure you know more about bikinis than women do, Matt. Bikinis aren't padded. That's a different thing."
"If you don't have to *chew* it, then it doesn't count! Never have i ever seen a fat fuck go into a starbucks and just order a normal, simple coffee that isn't laden with 2000 calories. These fatties are the same ones that insist that they don't overeat but still can't lose weight. That's because you're DRINKING your calories, idiot."
"congratulations on having the first ""movie"" to be recorded and produced vertically... Adventure Movie"
It's terrible what Uber is doing to this city! Uber vs. taxi: Which is faster/cheaper for Pan Am travel in Toronto? (HINT: It's Uber)
you still overpaid for that tough I always wonder how some of you guys have massive steam libraries. Now I am starting to see the light.
because you should also be disabled in your greatest fantasies! Microsoft announces wheelchair avatars for disabled Xbox One gamers
Obviously you need to git gud War Zone firefight summed up in 15 seconds
Watch the 5th become a superstar. At least you got a 5th round pick
Ya fucking furfag! My friend's cool new Black Ops 3 emblem
That's why I originally searched for it It's marketed towards premium beauty products users
"fucking mudbloods In my experience, the people that say this often are really racist anyway. One guy I know that says stuff like this a lot also thinks it's totally ok and rational to oppose interracial marriage and want ""white purity"""
Gandalf Just saw Rogue One so let's talk Star Wars - Who is your favorite Star Wars character and why?
"But I'm sure she cuts recipes in half all of the time in the kitchen where she lives to serve him, right? nope. not even a little. He meant that his wife would not be able to understand how two phones could share one charge on a shared account. Like she didn't know how to divide by 2."
"i just skipped the consent part Congrats! It's gotten cooler at least, addiction can suck though. How did you transition to the real sex? Did you just force yourself to talk to more people?"
"Because modern medicine is worse than death. Absolutely. These people deserve no mercy. They willfully allowed their child to die a slow, agonizing PREVENTABLE death. They should pay as such."
All the people in this video were black-- does this mean this unit is super diverse or super profiling/racist? Ridealong with Cape Town's anti-gang cops
"We are going to be reported :( What ever shall we do? Well, it looks like we're doomed. It's been fun, brothers."
You just triggered me so much. You pray everyday before eating dinner because there is a lot to be grateful for in this world.
"Didn't you know that the space program is a cover for military propaganda? TIL that me playing Kerbal Space Problem is a political right wing fantasy. You know, like the one that was shared by every kid growing up in the 60s and 70s, which is why the world is barely to the left of Atilla the Hun politically today."
"Nah it's not PC to hold people accountable for their own actions. How about women prevent themselves from getting pregnant rather than murdering a baby once she does, if anything its a war on babies"
"Nothing like almost jailbait to get some karma, right OP? Doggy-style..?"
*for freedom* Texas Dept. Of Public Safety Quietly Starts Demanding Full Set Of Prints From Drivers License Applicants | Techdirt
Is this because they are mourning the death of the Usmnt? Report: USMNT going black for home 2016 jerseys
"You fucking traitor I'm partly there, although not quite as rare as you. I have dual citizenships for Britain and South Africa. I'm changing out my South African one for an American one this year most likely though."
Yet more proof that Microsoft literally hates its fan base. Xbox Support. Always here to help.
Definitely not a repost! Epic Tree House
Her plot line was so enjoyable in season 2. Daenerys wants some boats
Or... ban those too dumb to pass a driver test and/or attend a driver's education class. One way to eliminate traffic fatalities is to ban cars.
Women can't be sexist. Angela Hill responds to Assemblyman Glick's comments regarding brain damage in MMA.
"Thank you for pointing that out, I had no idea eating the food is just plain stealing, that's not cool"
Get a load of the art critic here I'm guessing that the woman in the fur stole is married to the distinguished gentleman with the open beer. The beast being handcuffed probably tried to steal his beer and eventually committed assault and battery. The woman now complains that they need to throw the book at the assailant.
"You're goddamned right I do, shit is serious business! Someone takes his YouTube links very seriously!"
"TIL comparing the US to Europe is cherry picking. Using Europe as a benchmark and claiming you are repressed because of that is like saying that the Bush family is poor because you are using the Saudi's as a benchmark. Compared to the *vast majority of the world*, Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, America is not sexually repressed."
Hey now you sexist! Postponing happens when weather makes a baseball game unplayable. Skipping an entire event put on by you because your failing health is called canceling.
Thinking of going to harass the devs about it Salt &amp; Sanctuary Vita will be playable for the first time publicly at PSX 2016!
PK to Florida E5 P.K. Subban's Jagr Impression
Master Yi Q is just a gapcloser He didnt AA before he used his Alpha Strike.
"Pre-order cancelled I'll buy this, it is a bit weird that there is no Ant-Man at all."
"Because it has a mountain range? I go to East Anchorage High, which is the most diverse school in the nation"
Well fuck you for your talent! I did.... so did my buddy
Wow nice Bugatti! VW Golf GTI - every stickers adds +5HP!
"I'm sure I could cost my employer $35,000 and not face any discipline. City of San Diego forces detains family and forces them to provide DNA samples without a warrant. City settles for 35,000 and creates consent form so that people not under arrest can voluntarily provide their DNA to fend off future lawsuits."
"Git gud Leveling to 30 sucks im level 20 at the moment at the main thing i hate about it is people who are around level 10-20 are queuing with really high rank people like gold and platinum. They are just carrying games where we just dont stand a chance. Its such a scumbag move to do. So we will be a group of people under level 30 and they will have a high rank person, its totally unfair."
WHICH LOCATION NEED 2 KNOW FOR MY NIB COLLECTION Charizard Amiibo still available at Walmart
10/10 would look at again. fan art of freddys mic
PC Building. What hobbies lead to the most sex?
But everything police officers do is bad! Yeah the title somehow almost makes it sound like the police officer was doing a bad thing.
"NYT, WaPo, and HuffPo are in the tank for Trump. Clinton and Trump in Tight Race, Poll Shows, With Votes Split on Gender Lines"
How to judge if QB is good in Texas: Did they go to Lake Travis? Perhaps by state championships won? Or statistics? .... I'm sorry it's been a rough day
"Pretty sure no one says googlefullstopcom Unless the guy wasn't used to American English, as everyone else says 'full stop'."
Isn't it interesting that is exactly the proportion of the poplar vote he won by? A new poll shows an astonishing 52% of Republicans incorrectly think Trump won the popular vote
"You're supposed to bitch and moan like the rest of us on the subreddit, what are you doing? Am I the only one who still believes the game is incredible and great to play as a killer? There's a lot of talk going as of lately about the power of killers. Most posts I see says that the game is more or less unplayable for killers and ""all the killers are leaving"". I have not felt this at all. The opposite actually: I am finally getting some resistance in my games. SWF did wonders for the killer experience, as things are actually about killing people and watching friends struggle to save one and another, instead of playing Find Waldo for 20 minutes with few people saving hooked survivors. Moreover, I believe this latest patch to have been great as well. The nurse, who was clearly too strong, got nerfed and the flashlight became useful and is now the same tier as medkit&amp;toolbox. Also, let's not forget about the joy of hooking pink-pants-Dwight. I will continue to hunt survivors for many years to come if the devs keep caring for the game as they have up until now."
"Yeah.. that's definitely a thing. Its actually somewhat common to see ""uninitiated"" in this context. If something has become ""common knowledge"" to the typical redditor, those who haven't become familiar with it are occasionally referred to as ""uninitiated"", as if all frequent internet users will come to learn of said information as a sort of right of passage."
"Guys, this is just an isolated incident. Armed suspect shot dead after trying to storm Paris police station"
"Yeah, because we all know that racism has a history of solving problems. Or we could not let them in and celebrate Christmas in peace"
"You're right, most people making over $35k/year do this. Typical one percenter"
"Yeah, but look at what it did to our economy. Portugal: 12 Years After Decriminalizing Drugs"
"ok, you put all the fathers of the world, including the (future) to-be's to great shame. I make a mini-film with my daughter twice a month. I hope she'll cherish the collection some day."
Or the people who post here in general. Don't forget the people wondering which TT they should buy.
"Killing, bombing and abusing civilians is much easier though especially when they are defenseless plus you have them round up in a pen like trapped pigs ... being in the Israeli army sounds fun The Israeli army also operates in a much smaller environment. When you're out in a small COP in Afghanistan (unlike being 10 km from your home in Jerusalem, or around non-military females) just seeing any woman can make a man wild. I hadn't seen a girl in roughly 3 months at one point, then saw a 300 pound (roughly) female and I was somewhat aroused, it certainly changes the working of a unit when the opposite gender pool is low. Regardless you'll never find a 40% female combat unit in the U.S. Military. The females that can and will pass the standards as they are, will be minuscule comparatively to the general ""combat arms"" population - unless they made a half-female or all female infantry unit."
I'm for any solution that doesn't require personal responsibility on my part Car door killers: Campaign tries to make a dent in cyclist doorings - British Columbia
"Yeah that Shakopee to downtown Mpls commute is a piece of cake Perfectly livable homes and townhouses in Shakopee right now, under 200k. My townhouse was much more affordable than renting. If you can afford rent, homeownership isn't close to unattainable. You may be surprised."
"Totally sounds like a convenience to me.... For big shows I'll usually keep trying on TM for at least an hour and a half, or until it shows ""no tickets available"" on the screen with all their dates listed. A lot of times people hold on to the tickets and they will expire and become available again... Also, use multiple browsers and the private browsing windows as well. And use the TM app on your phone, and you can call in with another phone at the same time to maximize your chances. But you'll still probably strike out :("
"Probably not even fit to lace Gabriels boots No, please God. He's older than Mertesacker, has a proven temper, and he's one of the most blatant cheaters in La Liga, which is no mean feat. No thank you."
I don't think anyone was saying that about Roberto Aguayo So this is the guy that supposedly had a higher ceiling than Carr?
By anything you mean say racial and homophobic slurs on the internet I've... I've never had this much power before! I feel like I can do anything!!
"But lies pushes the narrative and frames their ideology so nicely, the *'truth'* is so problematic. To be completely honest, when I saw the original post I thought the woman is in it. I mean she worked together with the journalist to fabricate the lie, since she appeared in multiple images. I just never would have expected that they accuse a completely innocent stranger (and a victim!) just to spread their agenda. I wouldn't have thought some people can be this terrible."
I suspect this pervert is the spy inside ISIS.... Rabbi bans girls over five from riding bikes because it's 'provocative'
"Good thing he didn't call you ""chicken,"" that's a full proof strategy. I wonder if he thought this little attempted manipulation would actually work?"
"Oh yeah, habbo was *totally* newsworthy ehh not necessarily I go on there daily and its more of an advice/game/anon/hacking/porn image board now... unlike the glory days from years ago they don't really do anything newsworthy anymore such as lolcats, habbo, pedobear and other famous legends. And Reddit has taken over the meme creation by taking a karma loaded photo and putting words on it only to be posted again and again for weeks. Maybe the /b/ of old times will once again return. Until the knights of /b/ ride again I will live in Reddit and reminisce of 4chan's former greatness in the annals of the Internet."
Oh sex is so much better on the plantation... 9 Reasons Married Sex Is Better Than Single Sex
Are you severely obese? I am the Walrus.
"But they don't agree with him, so they're evil! Believe it or not, some people vote republican because their views are more in line with republicans or against lunatics like the OP is about, not because they're brainwashed. To compare modern republicans to Nazis is just stupid."
"The free market will fix everything That is exactly what happened to a company for which I was working. Small ISP puts in a large investment to get started. Then, the prices keep being raised to lease the lines. Eventually, CenturyLink was running specials that were lower than the price the small ISP was paying to lease the lines."
"I'd expect logical fallacies in ads for commercial products, but not something as serious as political messages. Logical fallacies in advertising? Say it ain't so! :p"
"Woah there guy, the only person entitled to a subreddit that fits their interests is *me* and everyone else will love it because my opinions and likes are awesome and anyone who disagrees sucks! No, everyone here is entitled to a subreddit tailored to their personal interests. That's how the internet works, some guy builds a site and then other people show up to complain about it. Obviously the mod team has never heard the famous saying ""it's definitely possible to please everyone."""
"I don't see color, racism doesn't exist anymore ""Scarborough noted that as someone raised in the south, he was simply trying to figure out where the kind of words included in the rant come from."" um I have some ideas"
To inflate the install size so people think its better. I still don't get the point of Story mode in an FPS. It's like going outside in RL and playing single player tag.
watch zhaysun Teach me your ways.
"20 of those hours were gmod right? The time I found that I had unsubscribed from Sips. :'( It only took me nearly a month to realize that I hadn't seen any uploads from the magnificent bastard. Upon closer inspection, I found that (Missclick or Something) I wasn't subscribed! Plus side: I now have over 24 solid hours of the magnificent bastard! :) :) :) :)"
But Steve Mason is bad and he holds the Flyers back and I just blogged about how Marc-Andre Fleury makes sense in a trade to them! Should be a good battle. Holtby v. Mason last night was a great under card for the main event tonight.
"Surely there is an REI near by... I don't know much about kayaks, but I know they can be expensive. So I would think that he's using an inexpensive one, right? Seems like you could only do this for so long before the bottom was scraped away. Cool vid."
"Jesus, dude, you must be really persecuted You do realize that in order to have killed so many in the timespan they would have had to kill about 300 an hour, if they never slept, and if they used modern crematoriums. ...ill stop talking, I don't want to go to jail..."
"Yeah, because nobody wanted it before No merging please. I blame Marvel with this constant need for wanting shared universes."
"Aw, who are you to get in the way of true love? The worst part is that the guy impregnated her again after that. I'm pretty sure if I found out my partner had thrown our baby in a dumpster in an attempt to kill it I wouldn't have sex with him again..."
This a great and original idea that has not been debating at all on here! An Idea for The Division I would love to see an arena implemented into The Division free of annoying NPC's. An arena strictly for clan battles or more ways to PvP. Maybe add clan standings and stats
What a nice person. Found this gem on r/killthosewhodisagree
"This will be excellent for that bookshelf of iPhones I wanted, they'll have the equivalent of a book spine! OLED iPhone 8 to Feature Curved Display and New Touch-Sensitive Technology"
"That's alright then, she should have got life I understand what you are saying, but; **She was offered a plea bargain of 2 years of probation** but the girl chose to go to trial because she didn't think she'd broken the law. **She could've not gone to jail**, but she took the risk of trial and lost."
"He's black He literally couldn't, by his own admission. As for anyone else, yeah I'd love to see them connect neurosurgery to urban development."
"Battlecuck totaly worth that 60 $ price tag I was able to justify getting a Fury to myself because it came with Battlefront. (I knocked $60 off the listed price in my head, hey shut up, I might have bought Battlefront anyways... maybe...)"
Implying that people in Tennessee can read. Petition to veto a bill making the bible the official state book of Tennessee. Please sign if you you believe in a separation of church and state.
"What happened to: ""I beat my teammate""? ""GP2 engine... ARGH!"" - Alonso"
I love how the archaeological evidence just keeps flooding in! They found the box that the Book of Mormon was buried away in - pics inside!
Oh well that completely trivializes the accomplishment 16 when it was done
"Cultural appropriation stop oppressing Moslems How does that saying go? ""If the mountain will not go to Mohammed, Mohammed will have to go to the mountain""?"
Then I will use my diamond shovel to konk you on the head in your fresh grave! and then i'll kill you because Toad Treasure Tracker made me. i suspect there is treasure inside you and the only way to get it out is by digging it out with a shovel.
"Everyone knows NL doesn't *actually* play Rebirth anymore. well, then yeah it is abusable, now lets hope NL doesn't find out how to use it.... I kid I kid, even if he did cheat hes still better than most"
"But that's exactly what the population explosion needs, anti-gay political will. So Indian govt is openly anti homosexuality now, earlier theories were floated on social media that there was debate on this within the party and they didn't openly support it due to the supreme court ruling. It is clear and official now, we have taken a stand internationally."
"If Radiant did one kill for every minute and Dire did one kill for every second, how did Dire lose? Now that's something."
"Competitve Dom is clearly better It's says there is no Hardpoint, I have trouble believing this considering how much Vahn loves him some competitive gaming."
Wow never knew season looked like that in 4k AWP Asiimov - 4k Screenshot
Omg PC modders with their hacking and ruining/breaking games! Skyrim gif again
"Thanks for that The perfect crime. Murder your kid, and then stick its clothes near a place where Dingos hang out. These are Australians. They know all there is to know about crime (although, to be fair, not everything there is to know about getting away with it)"
This'll end well. Microsoft offshores its own IT
Obviously because you're life based. Guess how I died?
"In Italia invece no. Gia'. Nelle nazioni sviluppate del mondo, ci sono ristoranti per vegani. e vegetariani"
Cheer up. The kind of depression that makes it physically impossible to pull yourself out of bed in the morning
Well that sounds like a perfect justification for the rest of the country to be responsible for you instead of being responsible for yourself! I am no longer eligible. I just checked. I had to change my major from chemistry when I got sick.
"But why would you do that, when you could just get 7 strange coins from running one nightfall? For those looking for a reason to run VoG now, I have the answer. Exotic Shards. I played through VoG yesterday and got a second Patience and Time and a second Mythoclast. I quickly destroyed them for two shards and saved myself 14 strange coins."
"Man, he sure is one hell of a guy. My female friend sent me these screenshots after a 15 minute convo with creep."
"Pfff, git gud. Dark Souls is most assuredly not a JRPG. It's a Japanese produced western-style RPG"
Shut up ur fat Oy fucking vey.
We need a way to anonymize all of those stolen coins. Dogecoin tumbler Since dogecoin is starting to head to the moon. I have not seen any discussion about implementations of trust less mixing such as shared coin . Or even a website accessible or the clear net and tor . I believe in my privacy and I wish some one would create a tumbler. Since it is necessary to have them to go to the moon
"Yeah fuck Fox News, tune in to non-bias sources such as CNN and r/politics like *I* do! The fact that you think BLM is a terrorist organization with some manifestoed ideology is laughable at best. I consider myself a member of the BLM movement, and I'm pretty sure I've never, ahem, terrorized anyone. It isn't a centralized, physical infrastructure with specific leaders. I didn't take vows to get in. I don't have a membership card. It's about spreading awareness of injustices we face in lower income communities. Put down the kool-aid, turn off fox news, and educate yourself on socioeconomics and african american history."
Passimian's abilities are [Receiver/Defiant] Can Passimian receive Innards Out? Is there a list of abilities it cannot acquire?
"but caffeine is legal, so it's not a drug, nor is it dangerous Then that's the point you're effectively drug addicted and need to lay off it for a while. All dependencies are problematic, physically and psychologically."
"Soooo... will this be added to our evaluations? Yes, Students Do Learn More From Attractive Teachers - ""A new study finds that college students taught by good-looking lecturers did better on a quiz"""
"Because he could have spent that energy being poor and living off welfare, which anyone in the inner city will tell you, is the life How is that a sacrifice?"
You're milking FNaC! Very early teaser for FNAC 2
"Jokes on you, the human eye can only see 15.244 fps so... Checkmate pcmasterrace. Idk about you guys but my console is running at solid 60FPS"
Better buy them up before they go contraband then The lighting strike is basically a stock image off google images.
But the free market is so efficient! Its also a great way to throw away 100s of millions on producing nothing while the rest of the world is withering
Shipment obviously What maps do you guys think will work best for the game mode?
I see you even posted in that consoles native resolution! Not all consoles are bad!
"""But muh Fallout 4!"" A daily reminder for all of us, don't fall into temptation."
"Oooh... a ""Le Pan"" Android tablet for $40 off! Actually. Go look online now. A bunch of TVs have big discounts. As do things like ipads. Phones. Cameras. Monitors. Big ticket items."
Roots and potatoes probably. What does the diet of one of your hockey athletes consist of?
Wow look at all that hair Cum on armpits
This totally isn't a racist comment... Cage them and have people pay admission
this is a new and well thought out post Gideon Ult so i decided to play today after a few months of not and gideon ult is still shit. How does he not have a resistance shield for like 3 seconds minimum. There are so many ways to interupt it and get insta k.o. like wtf its been forever
Unless you're a sovereign citizen then it's not possible for the court to serve you... I'm not a lawyer but I'm pretty sure when the court sends you something it's a good idea not to just ignore it.
"Tackling isn't broken, your just not doing it right! Absolutely brutal tackle by Marcelo"
"Yea i also tought it would be a fun league after i killed normal merveil I actually enjoy this league a lot, I also enjoyed Invasion. Just because you don't like something, don't speak for the rest of us - I think they did a great job. Also; ""nice pot+logout macro."" rager much?"
"Yeah, what's the point of humans interacting if they can't fuck? yes a love affair involving a eunuch insures that it will never be a true love affair added on to the fact that neither are important in the books compounds the pointlessness, added to the fact that it isn't even executed interestingly. They just talk about their feelings and thats it, who gives a care?"
They're adding 4 additional clicks to view the lab notes. Is it just me or is the poelab site down?
"No no no, you can't admit they're even because only the losers say that. There are also spots where the Xbox framerate drops below the PS4. They both run the game just as well as each other and both systems get occasional frame drops."
Fuck Bernie Sanders. This *could* be one of the biggest and most important leaks of all time. Maybe finally people will wake up and realise that the entire world economic system is completely corrupted.
Would that even work today? I would love for them to take a shot with julio
Coz all anti national muslims in india are pakistani at heart Why should the guy always be a Pakistani? Why not amriki?
Wait which college teams played and since when is college basketball played in quarters? Rockets beat Thunder 69-65 in 4 Quarters of Play
"Well, if we put *everyone* in prison, they won't be able to suffer crime! Everything is a felony now. You get a felony, you get a felony, you get a felony!"
"haha, hilarious Not good mayne, not good. I was out smoking a reefer bud when I heard of this news dog, got so angry I smoked another reefer bud after."
"After what I saw last season, sign two of the three. Giants meet with representatives for Jansen, Chapman, and Melancon"
"Just you wait, the emails are gonna tank Hitlerally, and Bernie will take his rightful place as Messiah. Reddit: This doesn't fit my narrative, so I'm gonna go ahead and ignore it"
"Yeah it's great when you meet with shit tanks who insist on tanking in Deliverance and quickly find out they can't hold your superior DoT aggro! Maximize for INT and then parry. Parry is OP for SMN, but they don't want you to know that; it's a secret."
"suddenly, turns out n0tails gf is really good, fits both criteria and wins ti6 for them with 10 million dollar ravage A player with a girlfriend."
Loved the bit with global warming. #3704 Let Me Fill You In
"Well, in the meantime, the superdelegates rallying around Hillary is feature prominently on the results page to satiate your craving for results That may be an honest estimate. Thanks. I was becoming frustrated over finding no results anywhere."
"Her shoes are still on, it's fine. Fuck no, he probably dislocated her arm by doing that. This is not the correct action."
"Saw this lying around, think it belongs to you: Man Curry is so sorry he had 9 turnovers nevermind his 30 points 6 assists and some rebounds from the guard spot. He turned the ball over so much he is so selfish always hoggin the ball and chucking shots. I dont see how people view him as an MVP candidate."
"Yes, it is inhumane to ensure that a criminal doesn't harm the hospital staff. ... Uh...yes there should. Shackling someone to a bed in the first place is inhumane and sickening. Endangering the life of an unborn child by putting the mother in further distress and bondage? You have to be a sick human to think that's OK."
"Of course they haven't caught any; they're such an effective deterrent that terrorists don't dare fly any more! Somebody remind me, how many terrorists have the TSA caught?"
"OMG Chemtrails are really made by angels? crosses seen in clouds? oh my, that's a whole new level..."
"It's a meme, you dip. You are definately mispronouncing one of these things."
"ok, but we still need a colony on there in case the earth gets destroyed because we can live for 68 more days on it Humans won't last more than 68 days on Mars, MIT finds"
"BUT BUT BUT THE WORLD REVOLVES AROUND ME AND I DON'T LIKE IT SO YOUR IDEA IS SHIT! That's the thing about free2play titles, some people have more money than they know what to do with and spend your months rent on their lunch, for them spending $500 on a game is nothing."
"But men are individuals, unlike women. Absolutely not. The person who said that is disgusting but I think the issue is less about attractiveness and more about fat hate. Have you asked this question in r/askmen, asking people on that sub if they would react differently to a woman's suicide depending on how attractive she was?"
"Thanks, it never occurred to me to mess around with the mouse. I was able to, mess around with the mouse"
"Yea, Juno was a pretty awesome god for ordaining monogamous marriage. Two administrators from a small middle school put these signs out front. I'm sure many kids will feel comfortable going to school looking at that everyday."
"This is an accurate picture of reality. Without clicking the link I want to add that she either hid the money or spent it and thus the city will never collect even 1k of that 2.6m from her. And also that, when faced with the responsibility to prosecute the accuser for false accusations of rape, the female prosecutor decided not to, citing that ""it would discourage future victims from coming forward."" This actually happened. But please, feminists, continue to tell me how only women can get raped and how r/mensrights is a hate group and not a community for males to come together and discuss the things that affect us."
"Yes, Ron is a GOP Plant, his refusal to endorse GJ or Run as a 3rd party has nothing at all do with with preserving his son's political career, and everything do with the fact the Ron Paul is secretly in love with the GOP and supports them in every way Right, except that Ron isn't running for dogdick right now. Personally I think he might just be a ruse. A clever tool of the Republican party to lure the ""libertarian vote"" into their caucus but never actually be a threat to the Republican establishment. The fact that Ron won't run third party, possibly because he would be a spoiler for Romney, seems to support that perspective."
"yeah, that's why they couldn't do it in new vegas. It's not going to be patched. As I understand it, it's an engine limitation."
"He won't be living next to such shitty people much longer with that contract. Caseys my neighbor, incredibly cool kid, good for him."
Treating the future president of the United States like a child is a smart deal The simplest thing. Give them a visible time counter and at 2min or whatever the time set is he cuts the mic. Also mic is cut while the other person is talking.
"Well the iron dome tech will help us when canada finally reaches hamas level rockets. Um, yes, they will make their own billions and military equipment. The reason they get billions for Iron Dome is because the U.S. wants access to the technology and research. Just as importantly, the U.S. gets it and China doesn't."
"Yes, only 14 people use cannibas and they're all fucking geniuses. I find that reason hard to believe. 14 of americans report using cannibas... Youre telling me they're all the best and brightest?"
"Wow, i never knew he was a doctor! Recently moved for College, never before have I been closer to our Lord and Savior."
"Yes because disabilities are something you can always change Those are always the fucking guys that support every possible war we could be in and, always, either ""Wish I could have served but...."" Usually some lame ass answer that could be overcome if the guy really wanted to join, or ""I was a Seal Beret, with the second stealth .50 cal laser rifle, and helped take out Bin Laden, Saddam and Hitler. Unfortunately, I injured my leg and was forced to resign"" Which means they quit/failed out of Basic."
"Well, we know that Trump is really good about fairly repaying his financiers. Donors are asking for their money back"
"Is it that he looks like the Green Goblin? He looks good, except for one little thing."
"C'mon man obviously Aldos training partner who is a police officer was totally in the right to stop the tester from taking a sample and arresting him when he tried Don't forget about the sketchy incident Aldo had with the drug tester that involved him dodging them then ""accidentally"" spilling the sample."
"Don't go ""spreading superstitions"" like hard nutritional science! What about people with nutritional deficiencies (like iron) who develop pica and crave things like ice cubes or dirt?"
But that's illegal! The 1080p is out on most torrent sites.
"Sorry, it's the support's job to ward, even warding the solo lane. This includes, but is not limited to, warding."
"Rageblade Jax What season changes do you like? As a top main for me its the rift herald, and the mana changes."
"Yes, let's remove individual accountability from the equation so nobody learns anything at all. Instead of blaming cyclists or drivers, blame the transportation infrastructure."
I believe what happened here is you got outplayed Ryu with the MVC3 Air Dash... FOH
"But I thought saying axe was something only dumb people said and this guy has a phd so clearly he's smart and should talk like a white person? Yeah it's weird, almost like people with different dialects pronounce some words differently."
In third word country like Europe it is illegal. Guns. Small devices with no use other than harm and killing.
"Why would I want wards when I can double kill bot lane as support Lux What if upgrading sightstone opens up a special slot for control ward Sometimes when i play support and the games drag out to a long period of time, both teams have max items except for the support, who has to empty out a slot for the control ward, and usually gets smashed by enemy adc due to lack of an extra tank item. Some may argue not getting an control ward solves the problem easily, but for a support wards are their only pride they leave on the map as dominance. Which is why i thought, why not giving a sightstone upgrade that grants the player an extra slot **ONLY** for control ward. Or better, a *refillable* control ward. (Might prove^too^overpowered?) I feel that this gives the sightstone a sense of uniqueness with the addition of an upgrade, since sightstone=refillable wards; and sightstone+ = control ward slot (or refillable control wards). Just my thoughts on making a support life easier, helping to get rid of the frustration of a support to keep a empty slot when everyone is full items, and you're just gonna get chunked out while peeling for your adc. Cheers!"
I will take that as a Dalit. I hide my caste because it is pointless. I don't care about its superiority or inferiority. I feel irritated with people who believe in its importance.
He was just trying to maintain OPSEC. Filming police officers? Not in this country.
"What, no midgets you sick fuck? fuuuuuuck, where am i going to get my pregnant incest bdsm anal creampie rape porn gifs now? oh yeah, everywhere."
"Yeah, IHOP is known for quality Bacon from McDonald's isn't meat. It's greasy dog treats at best. Ihop's bacon is amazing though. And they don't forget the fucking patty. :D"
You know he consulted with himself and is leading in the GOP primary... maybe he is the right adviser to himself. Trump: I consult myself on foreign policy
He's gotta make a living somhow. I'm sick of this non news bullshit. Fuck off andre.
"So surprising to find some one bitching about shit they don't even remotely understand on a gaming forum. They are doing research work, for DICE, for free. Meaning DICE gains a tremendous amount of knowledge while paying nothing. How is that fair? But judging by your response, you're pretty one sided."
"Doesn't the *R* in *ARAM* stand for *Reroll* though ? All **Random** All Mid If after this, you still think ranked ARAM is a good idea, you are just plain stupid and oblivious to any game design concept. /thread"
"He only voted for Trump so jobs will come back, obviously not for Trump's racist rhetoric (which doesn't exist) Give the guy a break, he obviously has economic anxiety"
"text post = shit post I was going to say ""quality shitpost"" then I noticed it rhymed and realized it was a poem. Good job op on a quality non shitpost."
"Well based on their current economy, I could probably buy a Greek island too. Cristiano buys a Jorge Mendes a Greek Island as a wedding gift"
"The title is misleading, the Holocaust is a Jewish conspiracy. Accused 'holocaust impostor' admits he lied about Auschwitz, asks for forgiveness"
"Nuke the socialist commies, free healthcare is the devil! Why?"
Cliche racist jokes are so funny haha i'm dying laughing The fuck is wrong with you.
TIL Big Hair is cool Strippers from the 80s.
"Like it won't be pirated on consoles. Rock Band 4 not coming to PC due to ""piracy"" and ""no audience"""
"Must be the hair, plus 2014 girl seems to be doing a poor job Is this *allegedly straight male* seriously complaining about blowjobs? How the fuck do you complain about blowjobs?"
FIrst NYPD next they'll say none of us are allowed to beat strange pregnant women in the street. NYPD Cop Puts Pregnant Brooklyn Woman In CHOKEHOLD For BBQ GRILLING Outside!!
He already took our tracked apc's and armed aircraft! Something something he gon take our guns.
There's nothing wrong with selling our children into debt slavery to the Chinese. U.S. Debt Is Child Abuse
"Yeah these jews of the game industry are totally annoying. Sucks to be a gamer in Germany. First they censor games, now they censor freedom of speech."
I'll bet you all a million it was one of our friends from the most peaceful religion Shooting at the War Memorial? CBC reporting this on Twitter. Anyone down there have any idea of what happened?
You forgot your Yes I am glad reddit does not have moderators that do that.
Sarcasm oftentimes doesn't translate well over text. I am going to keep letting you think I am dumb and see how far this conversation gets us. So is this like a bad thing? Totally wasnt being sarcastic earlier or anything. Please tell me all about how you know so much more than me on this subject in which Ive reported on for half a decade.
you mean at the start of the round you dont shoot them like everyone else... PSA-In Walker Assault shoot the AT-ATs in the Battlefront beta when their shields are down people. That's how you destroy them and win as a rebel. That is all.
"If you stick around for a few more years you'll be able to go to the movie theatre I'm not from here, thank fuck- My SO does industrial electrical work. We're only here for him to finish the job and then we're out! So hopefully only 5 more days."
"That's what happens when you go starting an H1B program. Wow, ISIS really cut down their payments. They used to pay like $500-$1000 a month or more."
You kidnapped a bunch of mythical creatures. I feel like I've just won the lottery...
"I bet you're fun at parties. I'm not going to see it, the main reason being that advertising for this film was *spraypainted* onto pavements around Edinburgh."
"Ugh, can't we all just agree that *all* women are horrible in *every way*, except for the rare hot ones who appreciate the few truly *nice* guys out there? Yep she's a slut for having sex with those assholes, a friendzoning whore for not letting me bang her and a bitch for ignoring my passive aggressive messages on Facebook I send while drinking alone in my basement."
"Does the fact that my grandparents escaped Nazi germany and communist russia, and made it in america with next to nothing excuse me from being a dirty slaveowner? TIL that I owned slaves, and I should never be allowed to forget this."
"Because putting fucking holes in jeans is hard, apparently. This $198 pair of pants from Diesel"
IF you dont know about outdated tech you are a retard They haven't seen one before because they are rarely used. Calling them retards because they are curious about it is rather rude.
now lead on the other hand.... The wax never lies.
"Banning alcohol will surely work. You think paying more will prevent alcoholism? Has that worked for any civilization in the history of time? No, it hasnt."
"World Trade Center came out only 5 years later and that was a homerun Hollywood needs a rule that directors must wait at LEAST ten years before making a movie about a real person/event, if only to stop Oliver Stone from shitting out these types of movies."
"You people are crazy, evey culture is perfect and has no problems in it, what you call ""problems"" are just apart of their culture, stop being a racist critic. It's not ignorant if he's right."
"What, No Country for Old Men didn't lift your spirits? I don't think McCarthy writes uplifting stories..."
"Well that's just f'ing fantastic... thanks a lot, BitCoin miners! 24 hours ago, I thought we would be entering the next difficulty round around now. Now it seems that already 200 blocks in to the next difficulty level!!! It looks like we are going to actually maximize the current difficulty to a maximum of a 4X increase or around 88k next round."
"Yea everyone knows democratic politicians are super honest, way more honest than those dang religious cuckservatives. Republican Politician is your calling."
You can test this by driving on the wrong side of the road. It should pull to the right because highways are slightly tilted so water will run off.
What about Canseco? Only clean 40-40 season?
It's Nintendo's fault for a lack of 3rd party support obviously. I wonder how Nintendoom publications will frame Triforce Heroes meh sales?
"Man, but how unsafe are those teslas rite? GM recalls every Camaro built since 2010"
So it wouldnt be fun having 20 drivers going Hammer Time and not wanting to be talked to in the corners? drivers should be more like themselves because having 20 drivers with the same personality would be tedious
"Now now don't be ""anti-Semitic"" Good. This way we finally have unconfutable proof that Lenin was a jew, and that it is true tha the jews started the revolution."
"Na you are not a True Christian (TM)... your one of those fake Christians that believes in socialist stuff like feeding the hungry and not dropping bombs on Muslims. Liberals can't be Christians? Well, I guess that means I don't exis"
Still a better love story than Twi---oh wait... So a guy I haven't spoken to in years messaged me the other day.
"Nonsense, you have to beat people down with fancy concepts. Or just, ""just because it's chilly sometimes doesn't mean global warming isn't real"", that one works, too."
"Seb won that one, booooriiiing. Sadly the last good race in Monza was in 2008."
"I didn't realize this guy worked for bungie. actually no, because sucking Bungie's ass won't get the much needed improvements for the game."
"""A man with arms isn't unarmed."" ""He's black and has a hand! It's probably going to reach for a gun soon! Shoot!"""
"The anti-face? Good lord, what was their job on the team?"
Wow that was hilarious! the jews took it.
"another fps let's play, can't wait to watch that Oh man you all know what this means"
No one ever regrets face tattoos quiet mind
"It's pointleas mate, why take revive on a champ that never dies :) DO REVIVE with ekko plz plz plz plzzzzzzzzzzz"
"It's so unfair that they can play with their boobs any time they want,but, won't let me."
Looks like LG mastered the lan.throw last night. Jut don't make it obvious :^)
"They will draw 0-0 Ahhhh, cheer up bud. You aren't that bad :)"
"[Choices!] You have 2 things, 1 goes away and you're left with 0, what is it?"
Im sorry to hear about your break-up Girlfriend talks down upon PCMR... it just can't continue.
"*White suburbanites heave sighs of relief* Auburn Bay shooting victim identified; Cuong Hoang, known drug trafficker"
"That's the power of GoDaddy Well, shit, that didn't take long at all."
"Gazprom shill detected. Considering i'm a petroleum trader for one of the largest trading houses on the planet. Yes, I would say I do know a thing or two. What's your job bro?"
And it's not like caulk would have been way more than enough to hold that thing on at 80mph and be fairly easy to remove without damage. Gotta caulk around those screws. That's the difference between a professional and an amateur.
"Mike Glennon, who is easily on the same level of those QBs, would also say that of the Bucs. I'm sure Brady would say the Pats are winning this year. I'm sure Peyton would say Broncos. I'm sure Matt Ryan would say Falcons. So on and so forth."
"Yup, the gif cuts out early, her reaction was delayed significantly or stoned"
Good one! Except Stephen Hawking can't read that high.
They should make it 3 hours next year to fix this problem CBS' disastrous Selection Show draws lowest rating in around 20 years
"Actually, it's about ethics in farmer's rights. 1970s? Hell a good chunk of our country never got past the civil war."
"Ahh thank you, hopefully Blizz fixes it like they've fixed everything else. Hydra is bugged and does 7* intended damage."
"And let's not forget about how great fighting in vashjir was I'd like something that isn't orc centric. A N'Zoth/Naga Story line would be nice, but I really don't want to deal with Underwater Zones, or instances under water because I don't think any Developer has gotten Underwater/fighting on a X/Y/Z Axis correctly."
"I'm soooooo excited for warlocks to have even farther melee range. With no speculation: As a titan, i'll still be pissed off by blink and bullshit warlock melee range."
"Yeah now that Bloodborn is out it's the perfect time to cannibalize sales! With Bloodborn being so well received, Deomon's Souls is ripe for a re-release on PS4! Give it some fresh HD polish, bump up the frame-rate, price it at 20 or 30 bucks. I know a lot of folks who have never played it. Hell, it seems like a better choice than the Dark Souls II remaster, in my opinion."
Ah India and its famous unregulated free market. Not to mention the ones in India...
Shoulda put an What!?! The day that fucking movie came out the front page had something about how he lied a bunch and wasn't as good as he says.
"Wow... Sounds pretty dark. ""Civilization"" drifted South and East"
"By contrast, the War on Drugs is conducted using rainbows and unicorns, so it doesn't produce any victims. Drug use isn't a victimless crime because people can OD."
"What great value we'd get too we could probably just sell them, there are a lot of other cities moving backwards and re-installing streetcars, like D.C. and Atlanta and Dallas. Someone must have similar gauge and compatible system."
Let's fix the potholes with bicyclists! **make the goddamn bicyclists pay!**
another shitty ele-prolif build Build of the Week S05E01 - StrangeCloud's Sustainable Perpetual Auto-caster
"They only need one book The south is so sad and broken. And they're taking us with them. Read a book, south!!"
"""fell"" TIL in 1992, 28000 rubber ducks fell off a shipping container in the Pacific and revolutionized our understanding of ocean circulation"
"Yes all smoking addicts are assholes and cant be respectful of other peoples property Substitute ""shooting up"" for ""smoking"", ""heroin"" for tobacco. Would you expect any different behavior? No, of course not. Everybody already knows heroin addicts are scumbag freaks. Why would you expect anything different from nicotine addicts?"
I'm sure that it won't be an issue... 65c at idle /flex
"Nah dude, everyone knows that in America you can stroll over to Walmart and grab yourself a full auto AK. Who would? I would, looks like fun. Who can? No civilians can own one for personal use in the United States unless they are a licensed firearm dealer who sells to military/law enforcement."
"She recited the ""Our Father"" prayer over the pork hotdogs... what's the big deal, Muslims? The MLA and the Fairview meat mix-up upsets Muslim community"
"Because reddit has never made fun of other people's pain before, right? Rapist gets burned alive, Tumblr mocks on."
he trains to peak at the kuwait pro i agree. Why the fuck does he always miss his olympia peak.
You mean raise his hands in defense? when does the ref cross check simmonds in the head?
So they have a place to put the chemical tanks. This looks awesome. But why has this been done? The seats rails have been removed too
"but but its a gun problem remember Charleston Shooter Was on Drug Linked to Violent Outbursts (Not a surprise, right?)"
"Only if you want to be really smert. Is it okay to take adarell everyday? I have taken the pill many times before, it's finals week and I took it everyday for a week. I'm kind of scared that something might happen to me or even worse end up dead? I only took like about 15 mg. Will I be safe? I only took one within 24 hours"
Only on PC One Man Army
"They are going to make TVs and other electronics The banking elite that run the by far largest sector in the economy? They literally shuffle money in and out to prop up the economy for the rest of the nation. Now they are being pushed out because of the populists, what, is Britain magically going to develop a massive industrial economy again? Perhaps another industrial revolution to pay for this imminent diy recession?"
Or just ban Japanese people from entering the country until we figure out what's going on. And high capacity sheathes
"Omg it was calculated, I knew it they have planned the sabotage all along. Oddly enough, that letter was *not* actually a response to the events at Sepang and their predictable aftermath on Facebook. It was dated 30 September 2016 - i.e. last *Friday*. It just happens to be relevant at the moment."
"Eh, same thing. and in Germany"
"Don't worry man, that replay system will be in the next patch for sure. Spectator? Riot please! Oh wait..."
"no shit thanks for this info kenny wasn't on a decent team that could conistentally place high until now where as Fiffy was on NiP during their peak, the best run any CS:GO team has ever had."
"Oh no, I think this may push me over the edge! Things get deleted for a reason. I'm sure you'll survive."
Why did you have to point out him pointing that out Why did you have to put out that you're a stoner. As a stoner that isn't relevant.
The Vietnamese/Chinese lady totally had the hots for him. OP was actually just trying to get laid
"""Gansta"" ok haha so gansta not to tap. Dana White: Holly Holm 'went out like a gangster' against Miesha Tate"
Don't you know anything about starvation mode? But... this post just proves she eats for 4 and she knows it. How much of an idiot can someone be to say she eats almost nothing but also admit she eats as much as 4 people?
McGregor would school em both bruh who rag dolled either of them?
"Yes because there's no difference in instant travel vs 5 minutes. Yeah, but then it would be pointless since I would have a rail already"
"Yeah but all heat fans are bandwagoners. Are you implying that he's a bandwagon fan because he's wearing a James jersey? You're kind of doing the same thing that made the person in the story wrong. For all you know, he's been a Heat fan all his life, so why wouldn't he want a James jersey?"
"""Omg ukrops downvote anything that is not showing ukraine in a good light!"" Corruption in Ukraine: Drifting Offshore"
"It is sad, but think of the mass extinction of squirrels and pigeons currently taking place in our cities today. Wow, a ban? That's sad."
"No duh, Shaq is retired. O'Neal Probably Wont Be with Warriors Next Year"
There are no such thing as females on the internet Please explain?
"Poser Saw this pulling into the Tim Horton's drive thru. The flag says ""Heritage not hate"""
See you in the finals I'll fucking eat my shoe if H2K 3-0's TSM at any point in this tourney
do you reckon he'll share it? sonny does
"Obviously the best support is c9 smoothie People can't seem to agree who the best support at Worlds is. Some say Gorilla, some say Meiko, some say Mithy and now Wolf."
"Sure if everyone could kill you as soon as look at you at any time (everyone armed and ready all the time) no one would commit crime. Sorry, that's just not how it works in reality."
\#SigiIn? Jurgen Klinsmann has been fired as head coach of the U.S. National Team.
Entitled cunts 42.3% of Canadian young adults between the age of 20-29 are living with their parents. Up from 26.9% in 1981.
"I'm sure AMD ended with at least $1.43, based on my history with lawyers Good to know, good for them. 3 B ain't bad, hope it covered the lawyers cost."
"Crucify him for reasonably expecting substantial development of a multi-million-dollar-budget game! Youre salty as fuck lmao. Cheer up, its work in progress, not sure what you expected when bought it?"
Just look at Fabregas Reptiles can be Catholic
"Young man, I will *not* accept intolerance in my presence! I am lactose intolerant. This is what the waitress brought me for my birthday. It's a bread roll."
He had no friends who would back him up. Getting jumped and getting sucker punched are simply bitch moves. Why would he be embarrassed?
Negative Bernie posts will not be tolerated Berning in the Emerald City
Yes I miss the aquarium too When we have the new chest peice that lets us have 2 nades damn!
TFW you were in the beach with Giselle before Tilith Summer Giselle
"Yeah but who's problem is that... Not the sheriff's department behind it, so who cares Also, lets linger on the fact that in taking an entire goddamn motel, they likely put the livelihood of several people into jeopardy."
In ten years all games will be picture books Lionsgate Invests in Telltale Games
"Wow it took NASA that long to make fake photos SO, NASA Got Sick of all that Conspiracy Thing and Released over 10,000 Photos from the Apollo Moon Mission"
Way to short-shame me shitlord If they would make bath tubs in men sizes I'd actually take a bath.
"Oh yeah, we're intending to backpack across Asia and India next year. I heard Asia is a beautiful country"
"Ah yes, all of those people who use ripple on a regular basis. You do understand that banking, retailing, and 99 percent of consumers don't give a rat's ass that it's centralized, right?"
"No, they're bitter, like Bret Hart. Are Cody Rhodes and Ryback assholes for bashing WWE and management?"
But she walked like him when she was angry. I really don't think she's Anakin reincarnated.
i smell futuristic shit. The steam-page of Apex got updated. ALOT of new screenshots of new vehicles and weapons etc!
There's no room for logic here. Coulda meant 7 months ago instead of years?
I c-can't b-b-b-b-believe you'd say th-that! God you're naturally cringy
Pls if they buff sobek in any way now he will be OP Let's not forget Sobek! He needs some love too...
He will finally have time to rest Benzo Carson drops out. The debates will miss his energy
"*Yeah, almost seamlessly* Twas a joke. The gif loops almost seamlessly thats why he said he watched him for a couple hours."
"It's ok guys, they are gonna be a great team in a few years with all these first picks. The Edmonton Oilers have officially been eliminated from playoff contention. **REST IN PAKARINEN** **FADE THOSE FLAIRS** After tonight's loss they have 15GP left and a 31-point gap between them and the last Wild Card spot, officially making it impossible for them to make the playoffs."
"cant tell if Has it not come to mind that the US and Europe have pretty much fucked up the whole of the Middle East? Giving them citizenship in Europe is the least you could do. It's always ""mine mine mine"" with you Europeans. Isn't it time to show a *little* compassion?"
"Ughhh, guys the scope isn't useful Or in my personal opinion from a 40 cent skin to something I would sell at 1 cent on market to get rid of it faster. Even if I must pay a cent to do so. Scope need to be black. Or white or one solid color. It makes the actual skin on the gun have more attention payed to it. By adding in the skin on the scope you are drawing attention away from the actual useful part of the weapon."
"Yeah but don't you realize that Reddit's opinions are voicing the overwhelming majority of this world? If nobody liked Hawaiian pizza, nobody would sell it."
"Spoiler tag this shit, shitlord! If ROB's amiibo comes out, I think this would be a neat idea as a custom. Additionally, I think fabric would be good for it."
"Let you know at 4 Living in Chicago, I need a better way to watch Bengals games (ie, *any way at all*) - with GamePass, do you get to replay the game immediately? Like, if we play at 1, can I turn on the game at 4? Or is it like a day/week delayed?"
That looks really legit! TGR CONFIRMS THERE WILL BE A DLC5 :0!!! DLC 5 RELEASE DATE CONFIRMED LEAKED INFORMATION DLC5!
But she was totally asking for it probably I truly don't understand how so many people here are acting like there is ANY set of circumstances where it would be okay for an adult to have sex with a 14 year old. Consent is irrelevant. A 14 year old is still a child. And as a teacher he was in a position of authority. There are so many reasons why he deserved far more than 31 days in jail.
But why can't we be friends with people who want to kill us? We will no longer surrender this country or its people to the false song of globalism!
But then how are people going to argue that Solo affecting Powerplay isn't a completely asinine idea then? Really IMO Solo should have been that for moment like these.
I think it means that you can use Tridon for that lobby Gumi is now cool with cheating?
"We should regulate weaponized shitposting Some of us are slow, maybe we should use a tag to identify shitposts like this?"
Yes. Allow me to extend the case to Rohypnol-facilitated rape. Still ok?
"No guys, see, don't let his weight loss fool you; he's still using PEDs. LeBron James full highlights vs Celtics. 41 points, 7 assists."
How else do you think the number stayed less than 100 So then why does the NSA keep spying?
"Yeah, just make a goal count 5 points and the Americans will like it. It's also low scoring."
"Yes, killing any old North Korean citizen is commendable Or shooting a North Korean in the head with an automatic rifle."
Incredible how you can summarize such a nuanced topic into so few words. yep shorter is better
"Well his agent says he has no future there and Klopp is interested... Yup, you totally should try to sign that striker that has four years left on his recently extended contract."
Thats actually your body trying to mimic fat dudes to make her more comfortable My penis literally retracts into my body like a turtle.
"Really, what a surprise. Me and the previous generations of my family together don't even make that in our lifetimes."
But what does that have to do with the Mississippi River Delta? You can find them between the gammas and the epsilons.
"Ronald McDonald would be the best by a few miles to be fair, if a mcdonald's all american played in the WNBA, he'd be the best player by a few miles"
"All the sudden you've got a team and you think you're big man on campus? Hey you two, you guys need to calm down. Both your teams suck."
Someone probably called in sick and this is a disgruntled boss sticking it to those bastard mail recipients who caused this whole situation in the first place. Letter carrier here on his day off. The kicker here from i what i see is the guy who throws the box is wearing a bright blue spring jacket with a lanyard with his id on it. I see my manager and supervisor wear jackets like this everyday. My point being is thats not a normal mailman those are two higher ups out on the street which isn't supposed to happen at all.
"Oh look, it's Anita Sarkeesian I am an expert. Source: me"
"Yeah that's why Bill Cosby is innocent If he did anything, this would be a criminal case. Since this is a *civil* case, I'm inclined to believe that Derrick Rose is innocent. If any criminal act occurred, charges would have already been filed. Source: I have custody and my Baby-Mama has fabricated allegations against me (some criminal) in attempts to gain full custody and increase her child support. She's taken me to court three times."
"Obviously, it was quite reasonable to expect fliers would convince uncle Adolf his war was a bad thingie... Hindsight 20/20 etc etc. Anyway not going to get anywhere with this..."
"Yeah, because the lake bed won't level itself back out like its done every single year before. this is also a demonstration of how burning man is destroying the only place that land speed records have been and, can be broken in the united states."
"Children aren't people. He touched you, grabbed you, and pushed you away. That's crossing some boundaries right there ugh"
"Much like morality seasons and holidays wouldn't exist without Christianity you heathen if you watch the trailor (i had some spare time last week, don't hate) he says something along the lines of ""now they say seasons greetings or happy holidays, whatever that means"".. ...what? i means ""greetings to the new season of winter"" or ""happy holiday to all of them celebrated this month"" is english such a hard concept for him?"
did you let him top you fucking retard? I love normal draft
Fucking abelist shitlord More downs than a short bus.
Sounds like something a Trump supporter would say. That cat has too much *black* in it.
All thanks to Obama and the Muslim terrorists All thanks to Jesus!
That's racist! At first when I just took their word for all of the stats and stories I thought the problem was absolutely terrible. Then I did looking into it on my own and I've found that the problem is much more of a community issue within the black community rather than the police vs. Blacks.
"Well duhh cant you see hes a professional hookaher. Unless you are a professional athlete, thats a very low heart rate."
Yea because if both lips were hidden this would be a work friendly picture. her vag is hanging out. should not have opened at work
"No but the students paid for everything so shouldn't they ultimately decide what they can and cannot do? That one's up to the teacher. And that's different. The purpose of exams is to test what you've learned, particularly in comparison to other students. Assuming you could ace a test if you had your laptop, everyone would score roughly the same, and the test would be moot. Moreover, the university would lose credibility with employers which would be doing a disservice to the students. Fewer students would attend the university because it's a joke, and then everyone loses. That said, I have had professors let me use cheat sheets during exams, or omit exams altogether in favour of a final project. Allowing students to use laptops during regular class does not give them a competitive advantage."
They're just using that verse out of context. If by man you mean beaver and by blessings you mean pogo stick
yeah no lol you guys think its because they want to play games or something nerds *hate* when women get involved in their nerdy activities right What? Nobody ever said the angry misogynerds hate women *for no reason*. The reason is perfectly clear: Women want to be treated like people.
"Right, those police were literally hostages. ""hope for the best but prepare for the worst."" There was a large demonstration of students (that did turn into a vigilante mob, btw, more on that later) that could easily turn violent, so the police are armed with riot gear. that's pretty standard for all demonstrations over a given size. also, if you watch the full video, the students that were pepper sprayed were A) blocking a police cruiser from getting to a group of cops that the students had *literally taken hostage* (they were chanting ""if you let them go (referring to students the police had taken into custody), we will let you leave), and B) told beforehand that they were going to get pepper sprayed. Those students should feel lucky that all they got was pepper sprayed. I'm pretty sure taking a police officer as a hostage is a serious crime."
"Score 20+ goals a season Fucking hell, what does Boateng have to do to get on this list.."
"How dare people who are concerned with the cost of living buy the cheaper product! Of course. If people wanted to already, they could pay more for milk. They could have for years. But everyone just wants things as cheap as possible"
"Because everyone's passion in life is solely to get laid. thats the reason men do almost anything. for women, getting laid takes no effort, so theres no need to invent anything."
"Because cops clearly can't lie That, if you ask ""Are you a cop"" to a cop, they have to say ""yes""."
"No, you play Red-Eyes FTK, smh... Can't beat 30% legal FTK rate I turned my Kaiba deck into a full on blue-eyes deck, its fairly competitive but i still need one more twin twister. I run honest in it as well because honest + twin burst = potential devastation. I also turned the red eyes deck into a glass cannon ftk which is entertaining and trolly but not at all competitively viable. I can give you my recipes if you like for those."
OOC: Betch ur getting cinnamon toast. OOC: But.. still burnt.
"*Incoming Returning from a break in the help thread* Thank you and good bye! Been playing BF since a month after Global debut. Its increasing difficulty in trials and GQs got me to finally come on reddit at all and sign up for an account. But now, I say good bye. Its too much. I downloaded like 3 other games in the past month. Then the whole pokemon go thing happened. I've come to realize app games are rather toxic. You are bombarded with ads with the option to pay $5-$10 to remove ads. OR like BF it is a ""freemium"" game. Everything is free! But you'll have to grind hours and hours and hours each and every single day to stay up on top or pay top dollar for the in game premium currency, gems in this case. I don't know if ""gacha"" games are considered a form of gambling. But they should be classified as some form of addictive trait. They are terrible. I enjoyed BF for 2+ years but time to put a stop to it. Especially when I actually own a PS4, New3DS, and a good enough computer to pirate up to last gen. So I can play ""real"" games. I deleted all app games from my phone a week ago. But this one is the one that I still think about. But with this I say good bye for good and unsub from the subreddit as well unfollow all BF related things across other social platforms. Good luck to everyone still playing on pulling the LEs which seem to have become a monthly thing. May you some day kick this horrible habit. And if you manage to stay F2P without it consuming your life on grinding kudos to you. I couldn't do it."
"Buy as many tarmogoyfs as you can Advice for a new and wealthy player Hi everyone. I'm new to the game. I'm looking to acquire some rare cards. I am a collector of wine, art and other goods. Can someone give me some resources on collecting rare cards? Specifically I've been told black lotus cards are very valuable. Also has anyone had any insight on Hasbro's intention for the company? Thanks, Martin"
"Next you're going to tell me that reindeer might exist In her defense, a horse with a horn isn't that hard to believe."
"Ah yes, here's the Christian charity. St Nicholas would punch this assumption in the nose just like he did Arius."
"Well certainly it's not in your best interest, why would anyone do that? People can't be bothered to educate themselves regarding what's best for their health apparently."
Birthright's plot Things darker than FE4's plot.
Bet you didn't know about the cholesterol part of it! Thanks for explaining how the house-arrest device works and that you don't like it Skye. I would have never figured it out otherwise.
It'll work just like the rest or the game. How does base building work when you're constantly going to different planets and almost never going back to ones you've already been on?
Murray Just curious but who would have started aside from Kendricks and Hicks?
"oh weird college kids being stupid Bikers at my University park like total idiots... So I just started University and have been commuting to school on my bike. First I had some honda rebel who parked so close to my bike that I couldn't get my leg around my bike without moving the rebel... Then I walk to my bike after class and theres a big shitty honda something (One of those old big plastic bikes from the 80's, not a goldwing) IN FRONT of my bike. Thankfully the rider beside me had left so I could wiggle out, but seriously??? Everyone parks their bikes in different directions, some with massive amounts of space between them... its so annoying."
Che definitely fought for this... These people are the worst
"Oh, yeah, without citizens with guns the country goes to chaos. And why the second amendment is so important here."
"Don't worry, the agents of the TSA won't abuse this at all. (x-post r/news) TSA can now force you to go through body scanners."
"Because intense unchecked nationalism doesn't affect geopolitics Actually geo-politics started both world wars, nationalism is a morale booster and a production driver."
"Reading about this guy makes me want to hear more from Donald Trump, to whom I can relate. Controversial drug CEO Martin Shkreli was accused of serious ""harassment,"" faces $65M lawsuit from former company"
"It totally kills the euphoric feeling, doesn't it? that last comment about god's blessings is an insult to that guy's generosity."
"Oh, so you're one of *those* people. idk dude, i was stoned when i wrote this haha"
Of course because of #KillAllMen - Acknowledging that penises are different from vaginas is literal violence.
poor babetaster :c Fuckity fuck fuck fuck
"Well, got my new leet RP figured out Well, *technically*, it isn't the **Legion** that transcends all realities, it's the **Twisting Nether**. If you were to reside in the Nether, you would be like that too."
"I am 17 and can confirm, yes you are. I am 16 and can confirm, we arent all like that."
"Gotta get those more mushrooms per mushroom block Well, the Axe is both a tool and a weapon. I don't see the problem with it having all these enchantments. Although the Fortune III seems kinda useless. I spent a couple of hours enchanting a good Smite V Axe (1-hit kill undead) that I don't even use much because it is lacking Looting."
"'Wisdom' of Solomon Magic lightning is still lightning, Billy."
"Talking about wastes of space while Julia is sitting there, how rude. Late Night Live Feed Viewing Party - September 05, 2015 Welcome to the Late Night! Discuss tonight's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
"For all you environmentalists, it's made from a real turtle. Here is a pic of my candle holder."
"Yeah teams with one play style always do so well Huni can carry with lots of Jungle support, Pobelter will stay solid on control mages and keep up in farm, and bot lane will just have a hyper carry that farms up and becomes a late guy force. Seems solid! I hope the bot lane works out especially, since I know Huni will be ready to carry hard!"
"So a homeopathic mirrored sphere would make this weakened light brighter? Mirrors don't reflect light perfectly. With every ""bounce"", part of the light is absorbed instead of reflected and the reflection loses some of its intensity. Regular everyday mirrors will top out at about 90% reflectivity. That means that 10% of the light intensity is lost with each bounce. If the distance between each bounce is 1 meter, that means it takes about 3 ns (nanoseconds) for 1 bounce. After 50 bounces (150 ns), only 0.5% of the original intensity remains. It's possible to fabricate a high reflective coating that does much better however, going up to 99.99% or even higher, but it comes with some limitations. One of them is that these coatings typically only work on a relatively narrow range of wavelengths. They can also be sensitive to the angle of incidence of the incoming light. But lets forget about that and see what happens with a 99.99% reflective coating. Only 0.01% is lost per bounce. However, we find that after only 50,000 bounces (= 150 microseconds), only 0.7% of the original light remains when the distance traveled between each bounce is 1 meter. Lets make our mirror even better and shoot for 99.9999% reflectivity (I have no idea if this is possible) and increase the size of our mirror-box so that there's 1 km between bounces. What now? After 5,000,000 bounces, only 0.7% of the light remains. How long does that take? At 1 km distance, each bounce takes about 3 microseconds. So the 5,000,000 bounces take a total of 15 seconds. So even in the very unrealistic example of a 99.9999% perfect mirror with a 1 km path length, you'd still have lost almost all of the light in well under a minute. This is ignoring the problem of losing light intensity to air and dust in the interior (you'd have to make the interior of the mirror box a vacuum) and the fact that the flashlight itself is in the way of some of the light and will cause additional loss of intensity as light strikes it."
How else do you play single? Was your ring in your wallet?
Cory assumes there'll be more than one supporter. Cory assumes supporters will be male?
Shouldn't have had sex I guess. Because they have no business having one and cannot handle the stress of caring for them.
"Idk man, I think we stupid Fundies just got our faith smashed This is a low-effort trolling level at best. If you want to have a discussion on why Christians don't adhere to Levitical laws, then post a dicussion. Otherwise, why don't you just delete this and move on."
"I'll bet you dealt with enough pregnant women to make assumptions about the entire human race, too. Only in the U.S. will you see hormonal pregnant women, I have been to Asia, M.E. and South America, and never noticed things like this."
I wonder what his thoughts are on dark matter. Very smart Redditor explains how gravity don't real
"I think you forgot the True but the culture is different, they may NOT know better"
"Oh yeah, I can totally talk my wife into that. Just shoot it a little bit ... in the corner or something. For science!"
"Wow, you're just a terrible person aren't you? The dialogue really explained my feelings when I first played fallout"
"Because nowadays something like that can label you as a stalker or harassing, because it's so obvious her lack of a reply means she's not interested Well then why don't you go find her and be like ""hey, what's going on? I thought maybe we'd go have dinner and have a good time, but you changed your mind? What's up?"" It's called communication."
Nah mate we have already won the EL... I don't understand why some people on here are so indifferent towards the league. We might well need to be in the top 6 to get into the Europa League
"Tom Brady is a pedestrian quarterback who should retire right now 19-2 Td/int ratio, still pretty damn good if you ask me."
"Hey now, Amiga-rendered CG space battles are expensive My dad used to love that show. It got old when I noticed they used the same scene over and over and over whenever they had the space station shoot at something."
"Yes, making out with the world's largest penis guy on Howard Stern is really helping garner acceptance and respect for gay people everywhere. Actually, he is not only a valued member of the star trek family, he is also a deeply valued member of the gay civil rights movement."
Pi = 3 so Tau = 6. Happy Tau Day (6/28)!
"You mean, the 'disagree button' Upvote since people don't know the down vote policy anywhere on reddit these days."
"Yeah but those are *boring* countries Unless you were born really recently, boarders have already changed in Europe in your lifetime."
"If they wanted slow motion they should've just used bullet time It's possible that we're supposed to interpret Sidious lunging at them in a type of slow-motion, but it just comes across as ridiculous in the movie. In the book, it makes it clear that he takes Saesee and Agen Kolar by surprise before they can even react."
"But he is going to be called a socialist, so he might as well own it. capitalists are literally trying to change the definition of socialism to be something that is compatible with capitalism."
"Yeah, he seems like a really impatient prick What I have to deal with sometimes..."
"What, In N Out isn't good enough for you? I would do terrible things to have a Whataburger near me on the west coast."
"I can't wait to see Vanek putz around between the bluelines edging Pending B of G approval, NHL will go to 3-on-3 overtime for 5 minutes in regular season games next season."
"What's a ""cow-orker""? I have a coworker who I always see in the hall, frantically rushing about with a wad of paper towels (or toilet paper) in his hand. I don't know why he always has the paper in his hand, but I see this at least every other day. Some days he seems pretty relaxed, but the paper is still there. Don't know his name, or what he does. I've only seen him acting casually once. He has a maniac stare. He seems incredibly distressed. Once, I was putting on my contact lenses in the bathroom, and he was in the stall scrubbing his asshole furiously. It was like he was sanding furniture. Typing this out, it just occurred to me that it could be another part of his body he was rubbing vigorously, and I don't know which is more disturbing. Anyway, how's it going?"
"Sounds like they need coach Origen needs a 6th player to just watch the map and tell them what to do .. else they simply don't do anything... Atleast Peke was like - ""yo, guys .. gank me"" .. and they won."
"you teached those hungarian snobs a lesson, by occupying Transylvania, haha. The Romanians and Slovaks are depicted as goofy-looking peasants. With a superiority complex that strong, no wonder the Hungarians couldn't accept any territorial losses."
"Forget about all the times where we couldn't even buy a basket if our lives depended on it, ***THE CLIPPERS WERE BETTER WITHOUT BLAKE GRIFFIN FOR GODS SAKE*** Just go back to stroking jokic"
"Pick up all modern, can't wait til the next 25% price increase! Friday Night Trade Targets Another week, another FNM--another chance at the latest tech or the next winning spec. What are you trading for at tonight's tournament?"
"If the schools don't have enough money for supplies, obviously they're paying the teachers too much. A lot of schools don't have the money to afford notebooks for students. I know quite a few teachers who spend a decent amount of their own money to try and make sure students have the right supplies they need"
"you think he can help with some of the bailout money? Rod Wood named team president, members of GM search advisory board announced"
"Not sure if The fact that you admit this freely on the internet proves you have more ""balls"" than anyone with the nerve to make fun of you for it."
"Man i disliked it right away, i'm amazing! They all liked it until South Park made fun of it for being unoriginal and then they decided they hated it because that's how Reddit works."
"I'm pretty sure you don't have to know someone before hand to know if they're having a seizure in water dumbass Those last three you wouldn't be able to tell unless you knew the person already, or it's past the first (maybe second) trimester, that'd make it somewhat of a tough call for a stranger"
"But she should go hang out with the guy sulking across the street because she has ""nice guy"" radar and should be able to pick up his I'm-into-you waves. Maybe she thought they looked... fun? Crazy, I know."
"Oh, you had me there for a minute jk jk im not Malia but i still know"
"Oh yeah, I'm sure Which means we've finally achieved equality!"
"Baka yung ipapa VP nila si Mocha Uson Hindi natin yan maiintindihan, hintayin muna natin ang paliwanag ni propetang Panelo at ng Dakilang Saserdote Mocha Uson."
"Highlander Besides Captain America, is there any other trilogy where each movie is better than the last?"
"Yeah, cause every train system in the world uses these types of seats Has no one been on a train before?"
I identify as a forty five year old teenager that was born in 1985 and you cant take that from me! An adult that doesn't want to admit it.
That last photo was waaaaay off the grid... Photos of people living off-the-grid in the United States
"Careful there mister communism, if we don't keep funneling money upwards to pay the glorious job creators, how will the poor guys be able to continue creating jobs? Or maybe start distributing the wealth down instead of up"
"Of course, clearly one man knows what's best for **all** New Yorkers, right? As a New Yorker today"
you didn't draw a silly picture :( boomerang: its all coming back to you
"no you don't understand a pharmaceutical company would never hide a cure to make money on treatments. Company hikes price 5,000% for drug that fights complication of AIDS, cancer after purchasing the rights to the drug that has been on the market since 1953"
"You can take my beer when you pry it from my cold dead American hands. Drink shitty, corn syrup beer"
It was training to be a bedbug. Touche! So... It's a carpet beetle?? First time I've seen one. It was crawling on my shorts in my bedroom
Clearly you are not bright and your perception of ME is entirely based on your fallible memory. About 4. It was a commodore vic 20 that my brother and I would spend hours meticulously typing words from our batman choose-your-own-adventure into in commodore basic. That machine is how I learned to read before kindergarten.
That's because you're both so informed about major world religions. Its not every day you agree with the Catholic Church. But today is one of those days.
"the healer of tri never does anything unreasonable or ridiculous, pssh The way you say that really makes them look insane."
I'm so sorry for your loss. It took six months to get the Maybach all matted out and my assistant crashed it soon as they backed it out
especially when the taliban bomb schools and murder schoolchildren because who wants education much less educated girls... The Taliban are significantly more honorable than these pieces of shit.
"But what about the foodies and mixologists? Fucking San Antonio, and they're small town priorities... Who cares? The Uber/Lyft issue that affected a very small number of people and had hardly any impact at any level on the city whatsoever was the number one over-reported story of the entire year last year, while we sat around and completely ignored the totally under-reported Vista Ridge Pipeline that SAWS shoved up our asses, and *now* here you are focusing on horse drawn carriages. This affects next to no one."
Just think of it as a cool funky beat and use it as workout motivation Clicking/popping elbow when doing diamond push ups
"ah yes a mentally disturbed person posted crazy shit before he killed himself - definitely evidence of a police conspiracy to kill a somewhat-critical blogger TIL, 5 days before he was found dead Fresno activist John Lang said the Fresno PD was going to murder him that weekend. His death was ruled a suicide from self inflicted wounds"
Pull the Ethernet cable before playing An alert in the software?
Operation Ajax made them do it! Iran Arrests 150 People for Attending a Mixed-Gender Birthday Party.
Dis song is usefool for a south indyan while proposing to north indyan gurl khayalo mein khayalo mein khayalo mein hai hungama kahan bhag rahi hai tu kale se dar gayi kya hum kale hai to kya hua dilwale hai hum tere tere tere chahanewale hai hum kale hai to kya hua dilwale hai hum tere tere tere chahanewale hai hum kale hai to kya hua dilwale hai (yeh gore gala tandana yeh reshmi bala tandana hai solah salah tandana)-2 hai tere khayala tandana hum tere tere tere chahanewale hai......
"Yes, they're doing nothing... I cannot believe Jagex won't do ANYTHING about this. I've played World of Warcraft and RuneScape on and off for the past 9 years. WoW has NEVER had this problem. Ever. I never have problems with WoW, and before EoC RuneScape rarely had these issues also. This is getting completely ridiculous. The game is unplayable. I have been so patient with Jagex for so long, I like to think they know what they're doing more than I do, but this is very, very embarrassing. I'm tempted to go play RS3, hardly any risk involved there and they don't get ddosed."
"You're right, it should be named Strip because you strip the enemy of their armors. why is slardar's ult called amplify damage? it reduces armor. ""amplify damage"" suggests a percentage based system. also it doesnt amplify magical damage."
"Dammit people, stop throwing invisibility potions on everything. Weird block breaking glitch."
And when Brooks Laich had his goal waived off because he was thought to be offsides when he wasn't is the rather reason the Caps were swept by the bolts. That right there may very well have cost them the playoffs.
"Ryan doesn't hate Brad he hates Rorie obviously As that isn't a thing that happens, yeah I don't get that? Christ, this is up there with people saying Ryan hates Brad, just reflecting their own biases onto these guys."
"Yup OP this is what happens when you take the gay marijuanals, no turning back from now on. Well... Uh... I hate to break it to you but I think you may have come down with a bad case of the gay... I'm sorry man, it's all rainbows and glitter from here on out."
You disgust me. My response is that my knowledge of late 19th century paper money is less than perfect. How foolish of me.
"Women have more autonomy, can make careers for themselves, have the opportunity for greater self-actualization, are less dependent on men who may exploit or abuse them... Boo! I was thinking feminism. While the others I know of as being considered sinful by at least large portions of Christianity, I don't really know people who consider feminism in general to be sinful."
"I don't get it, it's just a picture of Zelda. Are we allowed to post adult links on this subreddit?"
"Gotta love the long tail of McCarthyism. I can see why older generations react this way, they were told Communists are evil for their entire life, but that's not what is going on here."
Washington outsider Chelsea Clinton! Who?
I only read the first few words of your comment. He probably wouldn't have been downvoted if he actually gave a reason he didn't like the game instead of just posting a 'this game sucks' comment.
You forgot the Our daily dosage of Hope and Change. ARE YOU READY FOR HILLARY? I AM
"I figured there was a reason PAC teams were getting fucked in the ass. Gay PAC-12 referee has been with his partner for 29 years, now he's coming out to help others"
"But muh skill ceiling Valve, please add vertical lines to hero mana bars! Similar thin and thick vertical lines could be added to hero mana bars. Players can easily see whether their team mates have mana for spells (roughly) without having to check, and spectators can easily judge how much mana each heroes have when they don't have mouse control (i.e. streams)."
Maybe you're wrong ALL THE TIME When I came to my ex complaining about a problem I was having with someone else he would see their side before mine. No stop you're MY boyfriend not theirs just let me vent!
"Unlike the SDP, who are totally fine with it. Sir, I can assure you that the PILF will **never** let a thing like this happen."
"If they don't have anything to hide, they shouldn't be worried about it. CIA Reportedly Spied on Senate Intelligence Committee Which May be a Federal Crime"
"TIL her name is Sally Rida, and not Sally Ride. Sally Rida, Born in Los Angeles, she joined NASA in 1978 and became the first American woman in space in 1983."
"I would hate it if he came to Chicago. Honestly, that would prob be dumb on his part. If he goes in the first round he can work with whatever team drafts him to develop into the role they find he's best suited for. He's shown he's athletic and can adapt to the different facets of the game."
Or shave your head and set fire to the dorm and everything you own. Simple: Shave your head and wash your dorm and everything you own.
"Very compelling argument, I could see this logical response getting many respected upvotes. Smoking weed is stupid. And everyone who downvotes this is pathetic. And everyone who upvotes this... well, that won't happen. Peace :)"
"Its photoshopped you can tell from the pixels I, too, have had toast launched entirely too high. Maybe it's the perspective, but that bread looks a bit smaller than normal."
"Thorin predicted SK to win the series, what a pleb predicting everything wrong amirite? Thorin back at it again with the ''sick'' predictions"
"Also the numerous ""how to commute from x to y"" and ""where to buy stuff"" Those are subtle propaganda suggesting our sorry state of transportation and poor e-commerce scene Fake accounts, manufactured reality on social media"
to busy being paid off by the corporations Where the hell were the police during all of this?
"BUT MICHAL JORDAN (insert something here) And he was 4 years older in his rookie season than LeBron was in his... I wasn't comparing anyone, just talking about LeBron...."
Nightguard is Strings confirmed THE POPGOES PROMOTION
"*MakeUptimeGreatAgain* We're gonna have the best servers, the best uptime. Thu 2016-05-05 accessing vault............unlocked calculating name matrix.........locked in purchasing yacht.....nautical! finding server to name........done initializing TCPoB (TCP over Butler).....initialized establishing secure connection.......secured sending name assignment.......done wait for response.........success. one of our servers renamed to *Chad*"
Which will definitely shore up the liberals He's definitely a moderate.
"Vaccines. What are the cigarettes of today? What does everyone think is healthy, but is not?"
"The *horror* Prince Philip swears during photocall, drops F-Bomb at at photographer"
yea Eve Online is exactly like Star Fox 64. Eve Online X X2 X3 GalCiv.
Wait which stabbing attack? Dramatic footage released of Jerusalem stabbing attack
"A nice message on ESEA, must be fake The effect of positivity. Pass it on."
"Yeah, i could imagine seeing nintendo be like "" well, most of all trailers and screenshots were from wii u but we cancelled it ok bye! "" The stream breaks like last year. Smash Brothers WiiU version is cancelled in favor of 3DS version."
try Spore? Space games like spore space stage? Anyone know a 4x rts that has the simplicity of spore space stage with spore aesthetic?
"It is a performance enhancing drug and would clearly be the only reason be won. Worst case scenario, Nick wins, and then tests positive for weed."
"anything different from what i like is scary and should be eliminated! I get tired of these ""women these days are more and more turning away from motherhood"" statements Statements like these make me feel like people are thinking society went wrong somewhere if women no longer want to be mothers. My guess is there has ALWAYS been a subset of women who never wanted kids, but lack of effective birth control and societal pressure meant they didn't have any choice about kids if they wanted to be in a loving and sexually healthy relationship. Now with all the options available we can choose a childfree life. It just irks me people think there is something ""wrong"" with society now and us childfree people."
I think he has his hands full fighting with Lorenzo and Marquez. Does Rossi deserve an F1 seat? I know this sub is mainly American but please try to be unbiased. I've seen people say they want Rossi in F1 but his junior record looks average. Haas didn't even go for him. Someone who knows more about feeder series can maybe say why people rate him so highly.
"""I gave recreational drugs to a woman who asked for them and then by her own admission took them voluntarily and knowing what they were"" Well fuck, if **that** doesn't scream the confession of a serial rapist then I don't know what does. His guilt can't really been a matter of opinion given that he's admitted to at least some of the charges."
"The dang commies running this country just don't get his appeal. Trump will visit West Virginia ""soon."" Prepare yourself."
"i'm not shitpost :( why would you say something so mean... I'm not shitpost,you're a shitpost. it came up when i clicked the 2k tho, but nevertheless it seems like ppl already knew about this"
am i allowed to sell the sunflower and peashooter pops at an inflated rate ;) What can't we all just get alooongggg??? :'( **passes out sunflower and peashooter Pops to everyone **
Can't wait. Excellent points raised. Let's hear the excuses roll out...
Am besten wieder von Atomkraftwerken auf Kohle umsteigen. Und die Massentierhaltung. Und die Agrarpolitik umkrempeln. Und Atomkraftwerke einmotten. Und und und...
CMC get their cutie marks: OMG SHOW RUINED LEAVING FANDOM THROWING PANDAS etc etc I really hope they finally get them in Season 4. Their schtick is kind of played out at this point.
Didn't they get the memo about him falling off? Eminem wins record sixth Best Rap Album Grammy
"Yes, because individuals' spending habits are exactly like sovereign nations'. We borrow 40% of every dollar we spend. If I did that in real life, you would take my credit card from me."
kobe sitting courtside probably had NOTHING to do with this. It was like the opposite of the Warriors game. Game already over.
"Yeah, I'm gonna struggle to break 90 without that slight amount of extra spin. Didn't machine testing results show them to be slightly inferior in terms of spin, more like an nxt tour?"
"Day 111: my escape attempt failed once again, but I am gaining favor with the tall one. Pretty sure that cat just wanted to get a nice birds eye view to the outside."
Seems logical. He hit someone hard in the pro bowl? I guess its OK he was murdered in his own house then.
"Ok, apparently I'm going to have to start ending all my posts with: What are you so worried about? Hmm... sounds like someone has something to hide..."
"But not allowing her to force her beliefs on others is a violation of her religious freedom. Religious nut at its finest. You can believe in anything you want, but don't impose your shit on others. What a dirtbag."
Um yeah Gentlemen? Unlikely.
Something something gun control That's amazing that they banned the object and not the action! LOL
Using this method Sanders can still win PLEASE INFORM YOURSELF: Hillary supporters encouraging a coup - Urging Electors to vote against Trump.
That was the only atlas interface in the galaxy and now you're screwed Question about black holes. Halp.
You have to love those brave hero's. Pasco Police Shoot and kill a man for throwing rocks!
"Yes, what a douchebag cop for giving a person who was speeding a speeding ticket. He's a dick."
Try Aaand this is why we need a sarcasm font.
"After that snipe by Barbario, I don't think we need to trade for a right wing anymore! Game Thread: Boston @ Montreal 7:30 EST; A rivalry bound in blood Be nice, be civil, upvote to promote discussion, will update with more info later on. Game can be found on NESN, RDS, or NHL Network"
Bernie better watch out before he becomes an SJW and shoves socialist policies and progressive views down our throats Bernie is treading dangerously close to SJW thought here.
"~~People~~ Gentlemen sure were just so much more decent and moral back in the old days, what with no ladies around to distract them with all of our dainty voting. Forced wife fuckery? A-okay! Fully consensual ass-fuckery? Nay-no! Lynch 'em!"
Since no one is glitching/duping anyway... Someone would come out with a glitch to sell the car yet keep it too
Where are the past options When do you think our community will die?
"Yeah, once you see Somalia you'll realize America isn't all that. America seems like an awesome place to live if you've never set foot outside of the country."
manti tho Best player in CFB
"Because she would have lost otherwise? Why on earth would Clinton's campaign spend ANY effort getting illegal immigrants to vote in California? It doesn't make any sense. California is not a battleground state. It's not purple. It's deep, dark, blue. If Clinton were a criminal mastermind she'd AT THE VERY LEAST spend her efforts trying to win votes where it matters like Florida...this is so moronic."
"So, it's so rude to actually want to know if a Presidential candidate was breaking the law and willifully/unwillifully leaking classifiy information during their time as Secretary of State. So?"
Obviously fanatic ooz. Did you guys notice the pool of glowy green liquidy/gas in the Hellmouth?
ci metterei un Se ne sentiva il bisogno.
"Uh, lesbian sex! Orange is the New Black. Found the plot dull, and the characters either irritating or uninteresting. I don't know what I expected."
"I could have sworn Elizabeth Warren was pro-rated It's good for Tumblr to inform us of these things, you know?"
"This is true hahahaha Literally getting ""pissed off"" at a number and using anecdotal information to challenge it. But it's ok, he's a kid in university. He knows everything. Every kid in every university knows everything."
I commend your well thought out and educated response. You are rather moot.
"No, its for people living inside the French general Lafayette. Lafayette indiana?"
"Yeah because all these guys from balance team, champion designers, 3d and splash artists are gonna do such a great job when put to work on bugfixing, optimizing engine and debugging All I want is a patch that's only about bug fixes, optimizations, performance."
"Which is precisely why they only accurate poll data when they survey all 100,000,000+ potential voters, and not just the 1,200 or so they need to get reliably accurate data. Yeah and with that logic you would never know until you have slept with everyone..."
"But she doesn't look sick, she's fine, slap her on the ass and tell her to suck it up. Romney's MS Scare Highlights Variable, Unpredictable Disease"
"It's missing... something, I just can't seem to figure out what... It started making noise yesterday?!"
Like anyone who watches anime will get a girl to come to their house Crunchyroll and Coolin.
We should petition to make it a UNESCO world heritage site. New Jersey is full of art.
"It's because women are better at multitasking that feminism can care about multiple issues at once. Why can't they take on that issue? Because it's ""redundant"" because there's already a gay rights movement? How unbelievably fucking stupid. Take on multiple issues, why wouldn't you? Why limit a movement especially if the cause directly affects men?? That thread is one of the most infuriating stupid fucking... what the fucking fuck?? I'm done. I can't even do this anymore. Jesus fucking Christ."
Charlie Ward But what about Tebow? or Manziel? or RGIII? or Troy Smith? or Leinart? or Ingram? or Jason White? or Ron Dayne? or Crouch?
"Religion must have the answer I've been searching for the answer for this for some time, but I still can't find any answer... Can anyone please explain to me what this is?"
"The budget for ""The Wizard"" must have been through the roof! This one at least is obvious. Video games are competing for your spare time and money like film and TV are. Of course TV shows are going to make them look shit by comparison. Plus using a real game costs money, as does faking a convincing looking game would also be time and effort for what is essentially an inconsequential thing going on in an otherwise important scene."
"Only on the Canadian side, those goddamn frostbacks. So do you think we should increase border security?"
You seem reasonable. liberals are generally retarded. No surprise.
The blatant advertising for Microsoft really killed that movie for me. Bing!
Does that make it a small government already? The US government is the poorest of us all!
Sorry forgot to add Do you want to lose reddit karma lol
"Dunno about that, at least Calderon can dunk And even at his worst, he's still about 100x better than Calderon."
And life is just thriving there! Climate change is a hoax because Mars is the same temperature as Earth and Mars doesn't burn coal
"Don't you mean ""effect""? Aren't you saying that the thousands of Stop Harper signs didn't affect the outcome of the 2015 election? I find that hard to believe. Clearly they're a powerful tool."
"A young brother's got it bad cus he's brown? How is chanting ""F the police"" a political protest ?"
Were you wearing provocative clothing? that time i was raped
"Sounds like a real american hero I ETSed last September as a 11B, im enrolled in school currently and obviously we have other vets attending some coarses. Well the only other Army vet in my class is a former 88M that did 8 years in the Army Reserve that included a bullshit deployment to Kuwait. He is the definition of the douchebag veteran that thinks the world owes him a debt of gratitude for his courageous service driving shit trucks in Kuwait. He would tell the civilian students not to stand behind him or his PTSD would go off. Anyway he put up one of these ""combat Vet lives here/No fireworks"" signs on his yard and then shared it on FB for some reason. His profile picture is him at a gun range with a AR-15, but a roman candle makes him shit himself? Cmon now.."
"Yeah, it's not that it has something to do with our modern society or something, everybody just says ""Hey, let's just get depression, everyone else has it so it must be so cool"". ""depression"" the fashion disease that everybody got, its like burnout etc"
MASAMUNE HAS NEONS. Official thoughts on the cars?
The pleasure is real! Only masochists do a new LFR boss on day 1 of it going live.
"Yaaa, I am sure 154lb Lara is going to be a real test for Golovkin. Erislandy Lara. I want to see him beat that kind of fighter to prove he's legit."
A part of black culture! breaking and entering
Great thing they release chickens in safezone so it's still completely safe to do. RIP splashing
"I think there will be a character reveal on September 13 Are there any other events we're expecting? Smash releases VERY soon, 2 weeks I think. Shouldn't we be expecting news soon?"
"VBS *Another* Arma clone? Can you name some of them, I'm curious."
"I have a running theory that Carolina had anorexia. There's skinny, and then there's ""does she even have an arm in there, it looks like a stick""."
"God, nothing I love more than ragheads killing each other with weapons we sold them.. Anyway, who am I to complain. Germany is the 3rd biggest weapon exporter worldwide. I am damn sure that a few HKs are somewhere down there, too."
"David is just mad at Legere for calling him a hipster at the Binge On event In Full Used Car Salesman Mode, John Legere Says Google Attacked Binge On Throttling To ""Get Into The News"""
"This is nonsense (c) abo-abo Sure, I can add out-of-order as a custom option. I don't like to have it on by default."
Yay...more goalies. Canes sign Drew MacIntyre to a 1-year contract
"Yeah, that about sums up Apple's policies. It's up to the owner to decide."
Finally something significant will happen against a big financial institution! Athens urged to sue Goldman Sachs for debacle
"i love how the elderly think that just because they're old, they're right. Nana Said This To Me With A Straight Face"
"Well, how would they know there is a terrorist threat if they can't spy on your phone calls? My cynicism tells me that within a month, the news will be filled with talk of a ""major terrorism threat to the homeland."""
"""Please"" .... spoken like a real bad ass i vote you be less of a pussy please"
"I mean wtf can't their super sensitive ears differentiate between a can of human food being opened vs a can of cat food being opened? Every time. ""...But this is a can of chickpeas!"" *cat purrs rapturously, rubs up against legs*"
Because the dye-able Gordian equips look so cool. How do people who raid enjoy this game? everyone i know who raids hates it and hates alex. what's the heck
"Yeah, a murderer who believes can repent and cease being evil, but an atheist is evil and cannot become good until he finds god. Yeah as someone who lives deep in the ""Bible Belt"" of America I would be better off saying I was a murderer than a atheist."
"Minecraft takes skill. The similarity between league of legends and minecraft In minecraft you can find diamonds and in league you can find diamonds too, but when you do it's no longer fun to play the game."
"Yeah they should all be playing League, right? No one should be playing DOTA2."
"Yeah like no one would say de gea is one of the best keepers in the world The great keepers always performed at the top of their game for a good decade. Casillas, Buffon and Cech are widely regarded as some of the greatest goalkeepers ever because they were consistently worldclass for years. Consistency is one of the most defining trademarks for keepers 2-3 years of good game are quickly forgotten"
too soon? Looks like the SpaceX launch team forgot to read the 1.0 patchnotes
"Academy Award nominated Ryan Gosling is a total shit actor Jared Leto has been rumored for the role as Strange for a while. Initially I've been against it. But now? Hell yes. Gosling is a shit actor. His last roles have proved that. Hence, I'd rather have Leto than him."
my karma means my magic internet penis is bigger than your magic internet penis Just a mark of how much time I've spent commenting on this site.
So I found this site Lolottlo No the owner or anything But gamble there lol Where and how did you bet? Just curious because I'm interested in betting too
You forgot your That's quite literally what a nazi would say. We need Hillary to protect us from the rise of extremism in this country. She's the only one brave enough to rig an election for the greater good.
Obviously this isn't Kawhi and is only the great team defense by the Spurs. Stranded on the Kawhisland - these are the stats of opponents who have matched up with Kawhi Leonard.
"It says right in the title they can jump as high as sixty feet How do they get back in, or are they done with their box?"
The technology is there yet! Cloak clipping improvements
"Yeah, America! TIL a 59yo man walked into a bank and demanded $1 to intentionally go to prison for 'Bank Robbery"" to get better health care"
Nah it'll be fine whats the worst that could happen lol I don't think it's a good idea for reddit to go on another witchhunt....
"We could be doing more to close the murder your mother loophole... The kid used a stolen gun. No gun control law would have stopped this. Same with the Newtown shooting, the crazy guy used stolen guns."
"Sorry, forgot the So staying 800 metres farther west would somehow actually make a difference in OP's enjoyment of his stay? Get real."
"The nerve of some people ""How dare you defend yourself?"" -anti-gun leftards"
"falling through the floor 0/10, wouldn't buy Nerd3 Mods... Parkitect - I Can Show You The World"
"they have a private subreddit and post new threads for what player is on the block How does the Trade block work? Is it some physical, tangible list of players up for trade, or is it more of a saying or concept?"
"Yeah, because the majority of American redditors still support Obama after all the shit he's done. ok...expected nothing but downvotes here in obama blind supporter land."
"Well its much more expensive, therefore it will shoot further, be more accurate, and will get you laid. Assume I'm an idiot and don't know what the Ego 11 does better than a Gen 4 Mini."
I'm glad you pointed out Arsenal did not play Milan in the premier league otherwise i never would have figured that out. Not a league game
"Well, it sure worked the last time you did it Washington Gov. Inslee calls for strengthening background checks of gun buyers"
"So we'd be better off getting our news from Trump's twitter page? One thing you should keep in mind is that: the media is cancer. I don't care if it's ""real news"" or ""fake news"", they all are a problem. Fear-mongering for a profit is their job."
"Like any of you will use them anyway #SPEAKING OF INCOMPLETE, WHERE IS K&amp;K 7*?"
"Well you say that but I have polls that are massive outliers that I made specifically to disturb the averages Donald Trump is going to win, says Professor who has correctly predicted the last eight Presidential elections"
117kcal.... Yep excessive ITT tons of people who eat too much for their rides. But you call out the person who has one (~250kcal) input pre-ride as the sugar junkie?
"Yes, you should only pay for anything in gold bars. Using debit cards is a fail in life u deserve that fee"
"Because governments have historically done such a good job of ensuring individuals' rights. Counterpunch has been pretending to be liberal since their beginnings. Now when presented with an actual liberal candidate They are supporting the increasingly libertarian sounding Hillary. Libertarians are so conservative they don't believe in constitutional guaranteed individual rights, claiming they cannot be listed or upheld by a government."
"He's famous for wrestling, isn't that the same thing? I don't think he's famous for his acting though"
Wouldn't want to infringe KAT's copyright. Why doesn't isohunt eat the copy so they have all the same listings plus more? It's not like anyone would be angry at them because they stole a competitors listings
"It took them to long to remove theater mode to make it harder to accurately record the lag comp (or whatever people want to label the fucky mess the state of the netcode is in), so they didn't have time for any of this. It's just not okay - COD points and missing features Hating COD is cool nowadays apparently and I don't want to do so; however, someone please explain how a multi-million dollar company is allowing a game to release clearly not ready for launch. Leaderboards are not in the game yet, custom emblems are 'coming soon'. Custom Games for the competitive community has completely basic features missing such as pre-game team select and turning off small options such as battle chatter which was in previous titles... why go backwards? All of this and yet they could make the update to add COD points into the game and charge us more money. It's a shame these basic things were not ready for release but what's worse is it's still not in the game but they are taking the time to implement the COD points. I understand they need to make money but it's pushing their luck when they miss out such basic things at launch which still have not been rectified and yet add in things the community does not want."
Your ex is the ocean? My textbook and my ex have a lot in common...
"but that's only 5 frames below a truly cinematic experience. I am pretty sure it's universally accepted that Witcher 3 runs like shit on console. I mean, there is a video showing it hit 19 frames per second pretty often."
"easy solution, just tighten the straps so that it's not at all parallel to the floor! The last time I visited, I was sized a 32c. My bust isn't even 32in right now..."
"We just lost out on all of those lucrative bus singing concerts because of Sammy. Admittedly, I am in my own world and don't pay much attention to local politics (including singing on buses...). My shame. Can you summarize how Katz cost the city millions?"
"If women were leaders, there wouldn't be wars. Good leaders are good leaders, gender doesn't really have anything to do with it."
"Sounds middle and old aged. Hey punk rockers of Jax, how does The Offspring, Pennywise and BAD RELIGION sound?"
"Maybe the ""ugly"" twin was horribly disfigured in a freak accident. My crazy neighbor's crazy daughters, who are identical twins, are having a massive argument: Twin 1: ""Fuck you you ugly bitch!"" Twin 2: ""We're twins you fucking moron!"" They heard me laughing."
"You're looking at sim battles, which are ridiculously expensive because gaijin really want to encourage people to progress and play those Why does the Spitfire XVI cost so much to repair now?! 48K lions when stock, the third most expensive to repair out of all the Fighters."
"Microsoft Paint What programs do you guys use to color manga pages? I would like to start coloring the manga pages and make my own wallpapers like some of you do on this subreddit, and I would like to know what some of the programs you guys use are. Could someone help me out?"
"they are just smurf Is there an increase in cheaters suddenly? Sorry for this lame post but I'm fed up so I'm gonna spit. I'm on 8 lose streak and the some of the loses are extreme. Scores like 16-2 16-4. That never happens. In 2 of the demo's I suspected cheaters, there actually were. (Quite blatant). Whats up? New cheats out or anything?"
"Mind your own fucking business, you filthy foreigner. Dutch people rude to tourists? Hi, Im from Australia. Im currently in NL for January. Ive been here for about a week and this is my first time travelling. Feels like people are a lot more rude than i guess im used to. Is this common? I try to use Dutch phrases as often as possible and be polite but i get the feeling they dislike foreigners. Or maybe ive just ran into a few bad apples?"
Fox News says it's terrorism so it must not be true. Are people still calling it that? This became pretty clear yesterday didn't it?
Imagine how bad it would be if Chicago wasn't a gun-free zone! Gang Wars: Chicago
"Cats can meow and hiss even with their mouths closed.. What false facts are thought as real ones because of film industry? Movies, tv series... You name it"
"It's cool guys, the free market will provide! In response to hearing about comcast placing data caps on Internet plans soon"
"""Hi, yeah, I'd like to report a stolen car"" I see what you did there!"
"Hate to be *this* guy, but those extra $60 they got from you will surely show 'em. PC player here. Just bought the game on ps4 because I have had it with the rampant cheating. Thanks for saying this."
"Yeah honestly everyone involved probably would have better off if he never wrote those books. I object to point number 1. Paolini might have been 15 when he first wrote the series, but that's not an excuse for bad writing. There's a reason that you don't see books published by 15 year olds much, and that's because in general, 15 year olds write shitty books- and Eragon was no exception. The only reason that Paolini *did* get published was that his parents owned a publishing company. So yeah, Eragon is a reasonable book for something written by a 15 year old- but that doesn't mean it's not bad. I'll give credit where credit is due, but the book still never should've been published."
"I thought this whole thing was to prevent cyber terrorist. There's nothing wrong in wanting to search a phone, what's wrong is demanding the company who builds it to create a *master key* that unlocks **all** phones of the same model with the excuse you want to search a single one. Once such a key exists it can be very easily stolen and indefinitely reproduced at no cost, once the *method* of doing it is found it can be applied to other devices as well. There are enough vulnerabilities already in computer systems that attacks happen almost every day and are succesful, creating *new* ones is the most foolish thing anyone could ever do."
"Thats a nice, unintimidating way to introduce yourself to the other driver. Guy breaks his own window after off-camera rear end collision"
Navi - Ocarina of time Who is your favourite AI partner or teammate in a video game? We all know AI teammates can be laughably bad or extremely frustrating. Here we should talk about the awesome teammates and partners in gaming.
"To be fair, Cam has been getting paid for longer. I don't think so. Cam has said that he doesn't want a contract like Kap's anyway."
Now THAT'S what I call a chemtrail! 1920s Battleship Smoke Curtain
Goblin definitely has Kryptonite. perhaps superman? assuming goblin and arrow has some reserve of kryptonite.
Gonna need to see a source on that Annual inflation of the USD a bit less than 1000% by my estimation.
"I think you meant ""No Regerts"" make sure to thank me later. No ragrets"
"I thought OP owned the car. Oh, I thought you took the picture so thought you'd know where / what the deal was."
this is all lies FatBen is the bes' Northern England Power Ranking - Autumn 2016
No your creepy Sounds like we should all have an old school lan party at mine! With reddit bbq
I'm ready for more aids! Introducing Optic CS:GO
"how long have you been sexually attracted to pans? I am a 21 year old pansexual female in a long term relationship! Ask me anything or even insult me, I am bored :) Literally anything, I will answer even offensive questions. I will answer what type of porn I prefer. I will even take it if you just insult me. This is a throwaway account so anything can happen ;)"
"Acid rap was an amazing album im sure that had nothing to do with his rise to fame Local Chicago artists and rappers I've met believe his dad was instrumental in his rise. Chicago is fucking hard as shit to make it as an artist, partly due to lack of any major label representation. Especially when you're relying on live performances to get noticed. For such a large city, Chicago has a limited number of venues. The city plays a large part in this, mainly through noise restrictions. Even smaller number of venues where rappers can perform. Now because Chance's dad worked for the mayor's office in the past, people suspect he pulled strings that got him the shows he needed to play early on. I have zero evidence of this but after living in Chicago as a performing artist and witnessing first hand how crooked that city is I don't find it hard to believe."
"This guy... This guy's got it! Yeah Bernie - who needs 401Ks, IRAs and pensions any ways..."
How many headrest can they use per season? I guess a 5-place grid penalty for the headrest of car 20
"""Here, let's grab the drivers hand while he's reacting to the crash in front of us"" brilliant! ""Porsche try to kill us"""
Women totally respond to that. Can you show me your nude body?
"fucking leafy fans Oh. That's why I'm banned with the reason of ""kys"""
"But all the rest he said is true. Le Pen is not in power, though."
"oh, I thought they were real. I think what you are saying would be more accurate to refer to the book as a Mary Shelly, as that is the author. Both Dr. Frankenstein and The Monster are works of fiction."
"Pigs are not worthy of proper treatment, unlike cute rabbits, those are clearly necessary for our society. Have you seen how the Danes treat their pigs? It spoils the meat."
"Deep, man. ""What I am, you will be too. What you are, I've already been"""
"I'm sure letting an out of touch population packed in little echo chambers run the county, completely oblivious to the fact that the people they are shutting out of any sort of effective representation supply all the necessary goods to those cities, would work out great! If the majority of Americans (I.e. who these people should be representing) live in cities, then the cities absolutely should decide who wins."
"No, no, no, it didn't effect $Hillary, so it doesn't count. So what about the Arizona and Illinois? NY had huge issues too."
"Obviously tesla are mean Should they wait many years before releasing an update, while continuing to sell the outdated model? Or is gradually implementing new features, yearly as they come, somehow evil? Tesla does the same thing. Features and parts are continuously added to their models as they become available after laborious testing and engineering. Is this somehow different?"
"But where is the intent? Clinton was already planning campaign in Feb. 2015, but took speaking fees up to Mar. 2015. FEC Violation?"
this is exactly what a pedophile would put on his van I live by an elementry school. My neighbor had the police over at his house the other day. Woke up today and this was on the side of his van.
"I'm pretty sure I'd shoot a 350lb human that climbed onto my lap uninvited. I don't see how anyone can hurt these animals. Their affection, movements, demeanor is so human."
"You seen em once you seen em a thousand times! ""Beautiful mountains in the background! I know, let's plug our phones into clunky, oversized VR headsets and pay attention to Yelp reviews in 3D instead!"""
"Yeah, 300% is still 116 dollars away from when you took this picture. 300% done, Let's break 2 million"
yes. If someone gets rank 1 medusa in pts will it say on live? Title
"oh sorry now says ""Scheluded maintenance"" my bad guys game down?"
I knew I was making the right decision in never leaving my basement. Travel Expectations Vs Reality
"Well, coming in second means that you're the first loser. I love how not overtaking WoW = failed, and that's how every blogger is trying to write history in regard to SWTOR. Being the biggest #2 since WoW really doesn't seem to matter apparently."
"The best part is when people say X is playing like shit, acting like LGB is some tier 3 team, it's not like they're known for upsets against better teams or anything.... The game isn't even over. Stop crying or don't bet."
"Naa it's Bill O'Reilly or something Pretty sure it's called ""Teenage Wasteland"""
"Normal citizens will be barred from using it anyway... so no worries? There are no exchanges operating in the US. This setup is the only way there will be one in the short to medium term (it's too hard to get qualified as a MSB in all 50 states). I won't use it either, but there's some people for whom this will have value."
"I've got a better idea, they can also pin white stars on their clothes when they walk around in public so everyone can see how privileged they are They want white allies to outright identify themselves to make PoC more comfortable. Gee, if only there was a word for someone who was made uncomfortable by interacting with someone of a different race."
"No dude, that was mostly about state's rights. So basically forcing people to work for free? Didn't you guys already used to have a big problem with that a few hundred years ago?"
"Because there's no quieter method of assassination out there, obviously things like garrotes, knives, big rocks tied to sticks, and your bare hands don't exist. ""But think of the assassinations!"" I don't believe this, but as a New Yorker, I have politicians who are supposed to represent me who do believe this."
"My bad, I thought you were a place to buy food from. Mcdonalds shift manager here, and I would just like to say that it would be a fucking pain in the ass to serve breakfast all day. I get this all the time weather it be belligerent teenagers at 4 in the morning or angry people like you in the afternoon. Eggmcmuffins are the shit though."
"What else are friends for? Son of a bitch slept w my gf, gave me an std"
"Yeah man what idiots to say checking what people bring on planes is still a pretty good idea TSA? Please tell me TSA.... FUCK. No, they said TSA is ""ESSENTIAL"". Not CDC, NTSB, NASA, FAA... but we can't possibly let passengers fly without being felt up..."
"Yes, because the number of seeders and leechers in the swarm that you are connected to is completely and totally hidden. Yes, because they monitor torrent traffic to see how well received their game is. /eyeroll"
"How could you write essays without knowing when to use who's and when whose? It's called Neo-realism. The most famous example of this is in Italy in the 40s, just after the war. The Studios were full of people who's homes had been destroyed during the war and the actors were killed, so they used real people in real locations, so it looks so much more edgier. I would watch Rome Open City or the Bicycle Thieves. source: Did a film degree, wrote essays on this plus City of God!"
"I support the Teachers Union, because they are doing what's best for my children Ontario teachers encouraged by union to do bare minimum on fall report cards - The Glo"
"But haven't you heard of the church zapping techniques and their success stories? She is gaslighting you, yes. Depending on how old you are, now would be a great time to sever ties with your family. On the other hand, it's possible that you *are* on the spectrum somewhere, and people on the spectrum appear to be more likely to be LGBTQ. That's not the same as saying that we create LGBTQ identities because they're socially awkward; just that we are wired a bit differently than the way NT people are. (...But is being ""socially awkward"" a result of being LGBTQ and Mormon, or a result of being on the spectrum?) Your mom is completely wrong about getting you help for being on the spectrum (whether you really are or not); that wouldn't have changed your sexual orientation. Just like you can't cure someone of ASD/Aspberger's, you can't cure someone of being gay. You are not bad because you are gay; remember that. You deserve, just as much as anyone else, to have a chance to be happy and find fulfilling romantic relationships."
"That's an entire small country's worth of sockpuppets. ""Gamergate is 300 people"". Which somehow provide over 400.000 views."
"How can anyone stop the Mexican rapists if they have no experience committing sexual assault? It's an expectations game. Trump sold himself as a morally bankrupt guy, so when he pulls this kind of shit, no one bats an eye. Democrats and Hillary are supposed to be the good guys. So when they do something questionable, everyone (especially the media) loses their minds."
"Jim ""Trade Deadline Master"" Benning Predictions for the 2015-16 GM of the Year Award"
But *surely* it's safe to buy into Tron or Affinity right now... Because they just did this to pod. Now twin. Imagine being one of the people who ran pod and bought into twin to start again. It makes you even less inclined to buy into anything else because maybe that's getting banned next.
"Oh goodness no, we just want to emulate the sparkling example of transportation excellence that is Atlanta, GA. it's like they *want* nashville to turn into a Beijing tier smog pit."
"I'm sure you defended Ferguson rioters with that logic too, because you are logical. I don't see anyone defending arson. I *do* see the same people *who were told their policies would lead to this* still attempting some sort of smug moral pose, though."
"That's just shows you are one of the sheeple. Pretty much everything is a social construct, something being a social construct isn't inherently negative."
"yeah I guess all those bad philly fans in the background appluding were guilty also for cheering Cruz getting hurt. No, That Eagles Employee Wasn't Celebrating Victor Cruz's Injury"
"How dare you make fun of our lord Riot, he gives us free Pizza! They also said the same thing regarding the cheating allegations at their tournament. Am I seeing a pattern here?"
"So what if they aren't practical weapons, that never stopped Klingons from using Bat'leths! Easter Island Civilization Not Destroyed by War, New Evidence Shows"
It's about time somebody thought of the children. Moms groups gun control push
nice to see people using the votes as something other than a disagree button toss
"Surely mass surveillance of all citizen's communications would have prevented this ""terrorist"" from committing such acts. TIL An Ottawa shooter attempted to rob a McDonalds with pointed stick. He wanted to be in jail because he believed it was the only way to overcome his crack cocaine addiction."
"Sounds like a great idea ! Can I choose which scroll you use? If so, use the Holsety Scroll to improve his assets."
No exceptions for uber drivers? Rideau Street between Sussex and Dalhousie closed to vehicles until 2018
"BottomRightMasterRace you peasant! Not sure if you're joking, but that makes literally no difference."
Gotta stay young somehow I supposed. still a douche at heart even though he's old
"Polling is rigged Welp, that took long enough: Donnie now trailing in LA Times poll, meaning Clinton currently leads in EVERY MAJOR POLL."
Webmd told me I have cancer so it must be true you ignorant doctor! Right? I looked it up on Webmd so I'm an expert now!
"Sounds like Germany needs a Trump in their country. Migrant crisis: Angela Merkel announces plan to deport 100,000 failed asylum seekers"
"Well maybe if you weren't in the fucking way Eh. By people in service industries yes, but pedestrians are assholes unless you're in the south, but that's just my experience."
Yeh they always fly straight through storms because it's their pre-determined flight path. Pilots don't just fly where they want to.
I guess they could move to Israel and get the best of both worlds these days. Neo-Nazi Couple Find Out They're Jewish
"Totally, because Ajin and IBO have so many lolis. Only 1 good anime on this list the rest looks like its loli fanservice for the pedophiles."
If only they did a giveaway on reddit I've been wanting to try Zig-Zag e-liquid.
"You need a TOR engine though to obscure your traffic like that In *The Empire Strikes Back*, Darth Vader orders his crew to ""Calculate every possible destination along their last known trajectory"" when told that the *Millennium Falcon* may have gone to hyperspace. This implies that it is possible to find likely destinations, but that it's not an exact science. Of course, the rebels could also jump to a completely different system, then jump to their real destination before the Imperials could catch up. This would make it essentially impossible to know a fleeing starship's ultimate destination."
"Same approach was used to solve the problem with street prostitution, and we successfully resolved that issue likewise without needing police. Just put up billboards with pictures of them and the text ""DON'T PAY THEM"". Boom, problem solved overnight. No police needed."
It's not *nearly* as important as the objectification of women using Photoshop! I've never seen a self described feminist argue for equal rights for males even though they claim to do that.
Not when your job is a job a black person could have had... Seriously. Can I get to my fucking job please?
"Literally unplayable Crypton, please fix (serious) The past tense of ""reset"" is ""reset"". So in the achievements, change ""You've resetted your rank X times!"" ^itsbuggingmyinnergrammarnazi"
"Honestly, straight people need to stop shoving their sexuality in my face I love r/all but hate that every second thread is a naked chick. I get it, chicks are hot, but I don't want it shoved in my face constantly."
"No, you're wrong, its just because they don't want to. They are supposed to be closed, many types of overwing exit are of the plug type, meaning that the entire door is taken out of it's frame. It requires mechanics to be put back in. Many overwing exits are fitted with inflatable slides, this usually depends on the height of the wing above the ground. To sum up, it's a terrible idea. Additionally, from a security perspective, once the doors are closed, **the doors are closed**."
Arn't they the same person? I would much rather watch Gandalf vs Dumbledore than Batman vs Superman Please someone in Hollywood read this
Ubuntu isn't modern like Windows 7. Ubuntu does
report for assisting ennemy team omg I do both. I'll even tell them what they should do. It doesn't help when my smurf is only 23.
"but then my friends cant see 1 more perfect game on my profile If you just want a 100% game save given to you, just stop playing, forget getting the save, and tell yourself that you did it. Same thing."
"Get with the times - public shaming is boss You know, modmail exists for a reason."
"When did morello started to work at XLgames? Meanwhile, at XLGames HQ"
Just think what you could have once they fire Fisher and Snead at the end of the season Ok we get it
You know what he did...really at this point...what difference did it make. Just a reminder that based Dr Shakil Afridi who helped the CIA find Bin Laden is still rotting away in a Pakistani prison while Hillary Clinton did nothing to free him.
"It's not racist if it's towards white people. ""Fucking white people, dude."" Let's not incite a race war"
"Yeah, OP, &amp;#9835; why you gotta be so ruuuude &amp;#9835; When people say 'Why don't you just ignore them?'"
"Yeah but I heard that they like people who can program in different languages. I only know Dutch, German, English, and Hebrew... To no use though, studying programming."
"why you so racist I wouldn't care half as much about the migrant crisis if the majority weren't muslims coming in. Their religion in it's current state is fucked. Wahabism, Salafism, ISIS, Al Qaeda, nothing but backwards fucked up horseshit. And it's the fastest growing religion on top of that. Even the moderates believe in some major stupid bullshit from the religion. Has no place in modern society and we shouldn't tolerate it. Add any extremist religion or cult to that as well."
Nailed it. If you were wondering what capcom was thinking with Ken's alt outfit.
True but the only thing Kirby can do is rock (down-b) That's like Kirby vs Kirby in Smash: Boring as heeeell.
But she agreed with everything Sanders said! It is really unbelievable actually how clear the differences between the two are. No wonder there's such a huge generational divide.
"Hey, you should tell those people that they're driving on the wrong side of the road! Saw some kids climbing on a school roof nearby. The P3 seemed to give them a bit of a fright..."
"Straight up John Galt this bitch! Zero. Hostess is too proud. They will spend money to demolish, so no one can use their factories. Just as GM would have if they weren't bailed out. -Liberal thought."
But capitalism and being a slave to my oligarch owners is the ONLY kind of life there can or ever will be! I hate that people think having a job is a defining quality of human existence.
"Yeah, let's get a studio who completely ignores copyright laws or the source material's author opinion and adapt shit anyway! What if there was a studio which finishes unfinished adaptation? Most of the fans are annoyed by the fact that some adaptation aren't always complete (Slam dunk, Blue exorcist, deadman wonderland, ...). So I got this idea."
"Montreal has such shit luck with netminders Dryden even won a Conn Smythe before winning the Calder. Both him and Roy won the Smythe during their first year, but only Dryden won the Calder"
Central city* you filthy casual. Today I dropped a cup of paint and caught it before it spilled. I feel like I'm ready to deal with the scum of Starling City.
I would get excited for this if only it wasn't an amateur league full of cans. Cage Warriors is Returning April 15!!!
Russia should do it too! The US refused to apologize after downing an Iranian airliner in 1988
What if I told you that you're not allowed to have a different opinion to other people ever? What if I told you that some of us like QTEs?
Because the pattern.. duh. Why will it be shit?
"He said ""mid grade"" not ""low-end"". And thus the Xbone was born."
"I'm a true American; I act first and think of the consequences later. ""Burn this motherfucker down so we can start over"" is not how this is going to work. You think it'll be as simple as starting over? If Trump is elected and is as awful as he appears to be, we will probably live with the consequences of his presidency for most of our lives. Especially when it comes to the Supreme Court."
They have no empathy so they find it hi-larious. Is there a reason for it being extra funny as an asian?
"That it can run windows better than windows The core of PCMR is actually very accepting of Macs for suited usage. Whenever you see a noob post there about ""Look, I fixed my friends Mac ahah lolz"" with a photo of Windows 7 running on it, they get flamed for looking past the main advantage of a mac."
How he forget about the man that made it to 6 straight finals LeBron: Klay Thompson and Steph Curry 'probably the two greatest shooters' ever
"That's not how that works! It's almost like attraction in a person is subjective, and different people have different tastes!"
Triggered What a nasty woman.
"What are you talking about, this game is so optimized and polished. I have a sinking feeling this game is glitchy"
"I'd be a Wiccan if I wasn't an atheist, can confirm. Pat Robertson: Wiccans 'Will Destroy Your Children'"
Username checks out That's just my preference. I just answered the question. Nothing is wrong with wanting a women that doesn't fuck guys casually. She would be less likely to cheat and the marriage will be much happier overall.
"Wet noodles are what romans used to build their homes, and look at them now! idk dude something tells me that a wet noodle might bend a bit."
"Fuck that, flesh hook suspensions or GTFO! Start simple. Let him give you a spanking. Maybe tie you up then play with some ice cubes. Let him pull your hair during a blow job. Your young and just starting you don't have to start with whips, chains, ass plugs and a leather Dom suit."
Your argument is salient and without reproach. kthxbye
Clearly a very good photoshop This is a Japanese soldier bayonetting a Chinese baby during the rape of Nanjing
i bet elliot smith was hoping to leave a legacy of misogyny no the his bitch girlfriend murdered him
To think he did this on his first try! To think that he did this in one take!
"Cho 2.5 second silence, absurd true damage Lulu extreme cockblock when trying to kill anybody Ghouls are very hard to target, even with aa move spam But you're probably just disagreeing for the sake of it since I'm rooting for CLG and C9 and I had a look at your text flair I don't find any of those that annoying to face..."
"Corrin I'm very original What is the name of your Corrin(s)? In Birthright, my Corrin's name is Akari, and in Conquest, her name is Momo. They look different too."
Look for your wheel... That is all Thanks!! I'll be by after work this week :) Saviours!
Who needs textbooks if you got a bible. Oklahoma schools have no money for textbooks
"Haven't you heard the latest, the hype for the game is completely gone from this subreddit, blizzard dun goofed! Blizzard Community Rep says, ""more waves are coming soon"""
nobody ever listens to the poor men It's a tactic that women use to silence men without putting up an argument. They just say that a man is mansplaining and all of a sudden he is discredited. He can't defend himself either because that would also be called mansplaining.
"No, clearly their lifestyles are the same as super muscular men since it's just genetics anyway and has nothing to do with how often they workout or what they eat. The why aren't you dating a fat guy? Since more often than not, your lifestyle is similar and you can ""click"" better. Why must it be a guy with lifestyle wayy far at the opposite end of the spectrum? If you *really* love him, weight doesn't matter right? And also. that bikini is too damn small."
"yes, THIS is what I want my tax dollars to be spent on NASA will be producing its own food in orbit for the first time ever -- The Vegetable Production System (VEGGIE) program will produce lettuce ready to harvest after just 28 days in the International Space Station"
"We're not allowed to swear on the internet No edit flair is attached to your comment (next to the timestamp). Why did you put a ""typo asterisk"" in it?"
"Yes, because killing millions of defenseless civilians is totally fair and just. Actually you missed the point. The atrocities listed are all about a far more advanced civilisation attacking a primitive one. Japan can't honestly call the Chinese primitive as they are too culturally linked. It isn't about listing atrocities in general, it is about the effect of militant cultural contact and the damage it does. In fact if you didn't realise that was the point, you missed the entire theme of the story all together. This is NOT ""how to wage war"", this is about ""trying not to exterminate a weaker culture""."
"The main problem with authority is that I'm not in a position of authority. Hey there will be none of that kind of talk here! This is Reddit! We only speak negatively of authority of all kinds. If you think there are positive aspects to having leaders and laws, and that the masses aren't always right, you're not wanted here! You must be a tool for the corporate-military-government-complex or something! It's all one thing, made up of bad people you know!"
"Don't forget soda, caffeine can age you so badly don't you know? Yes, this. If it's not water, replace it. If it's freaking COFFEE replace it. And please tell me Uncle read her the riot act?!?!"
And that was a wonderful fight. I mean De La Hoya fought Bernard Hopkins that was a pretty big size difference.
Weird that someone would just leave a picture of that on a back road. Caught this picture on a backroad in NC
"You should purchase caltrops and deploy them in front and behind her card Be bitch to me? I'll take your parking spot So little background, I work in assisted living for disabled folks. I'm stationed at this house(duplex) nearby while I train at other houses to help other coworkers since we're short staffed. I'm working one day and this bitchy girl(BG) who has worked here for awhile and seems to have a rotten attitude in general about everything, comes in to work her shift but not before my girlfriend came to pick me up. My girlfriend parked in the drive way and came inside since I couldn't leave til said BG arrived. While gf is talking with one of the folks we take care of, BG arrives and comes inside and right away starts asking who parked in her spot. This is the first time I've met this girl since starting this job. Not a good impression already. She goes to yell at me about how its her spot and that no one should be parking in the driveway unless they're working overnight. I make a note of it and we proceed to leave. After a few months of working here, I've heard worse stories about this coworker. BG apparently got into a screaming fight with another coworker because her bf was parked in BGs spot to pick up said coworker. Coworkers mother was hurt somehow and was in the hospital so her bf came to get her. Well, BG parked behind him and refused to move. After lots of yelling, bf said fuck it and drove over the lawn, almost hitting BGs car. After hearing that story and many other instances where she openly yells at the folks we take care of. Not cool. Management is aware of her behavior and is writing up a report or something. Anyway on to the revenge. Since she's been a terrible person since day one of meeting her, I have taken it upon myself to park in her spot in the driveway but not leave enough room to park behind me without being in the street. I've been doing this for a few weeks now and she refuses to talk to me. I've heard she openly bitches about me to coworkers about my parking and they all have rooted me on as they love how pissed she gets because of it. She no longer parks in the driveway now."
"this is what we need voter ID laws for! A mathematician may have uncovered widespread election fraud, and Kansas is trying to silence her"
Why experiment on animals when we have a world full of autistic people? I found a page dedicated to minion memes and I stumbled across this one.
"So... Ohio? Unfortunately the floods then catch on fire and it lets all the deadly, deadly snakes loose. Cause they can swim."
"Yeah, because historically, energy industries have made less pollution and done it safer when there is less regulation. Try again, that's government mandated regulations and archaic control that causes those things."
I was hurt with the thing they have done as religious sentiments are concerned. He was just asking to taste it.
"Bisa sih...cuman takutnya agak ngengkang aja kaki nya... Emang kalo gak perawan gak bisa baris lurus, gitu?? Bikin marah aja..."
"si si si, ""este pais es una mierda"" sigan con su quejadera sifrina masturbatoria Venezuelan shortages lead pharmacy chain to fingerprint customers"
"Oh no, don't sacrifice Penis perfect game plan for Mouseports against VP"
"yeah i understand that if you do different things in the playthrough you can have different endings, but what i meant is that are there significant differences, such as from playthrough 1 to playthrough 2 [alex notes that things have happened before, time skips in different areas, alex is able to talk to herself in different universes, the ending results in them at the convenience store, etc] if you change your dialog options, you'll have different outcomes in your relationships with your friends. Depends on how interested you are, but yes, I'd say I've played through about 4 or 5 times and each time things are a little different. Not hugely so, but enough to keep me engaged."
"Even koreans think rank doesn't mean anything anymore Why are most SKT members not Challenger? The only SKT player currently in Challenger is Duke, while the rest are Masters. At first I thought it was because they dropped from Challenger due to MSI and LCK. However, they all have been active in the last couple of weeks, especially Faker, Bengi and Wolf. In addition to this, many prop players from other teams are high Challenger. So why are SKT players only Master? Sorry if it is a dumb question or if should not ask in this subreddit. PS: I would be thankful if you could correct any mistakes, my English is not the best."
yeah unless you play the sport on the highest professional level you're not allowed to say anything about them or pretend like you know anything about it. You don't play either of those sports professionally so you probably shouldn't be talking.
"Imagine the day we would have the technology to vote from our home. I didn't consider that. That isn't *horrible* then. Still, the numbers are small enough that if people starting turning up it could actually make a difference."
It's obvious who needs to go. Dat goaltending
But dota is blizzard's intellectual property Why? Blizzard has nothing to do with Valve
Them tricky boat people are now coMing by slay Melbourne Arrivals.
"Who cares if they're dehumanized as long as the cops, courts, lawyers, and prisons get paid? Holy cow that is bleak. The US has *one-third* of the world's womens' prison population? And a ton of them have grown up with abuse and then gone on to develop serious mental health problems that are often exacerbated by dehumanizing treatment by the mostly male guards? And poor funding of essential services means their needs go unacknowledged and untreated while easy access to drugs fills the void? Is it so hard to understand that society has failed these people?"
"Pssh, who needs that when we have amazing types like Rock/Ice Aurorus... Real talk ghost/fighting is what I thought the new Marowak form was when I saw the Japanese ad. When I found out it was not, I was sad. It's a ridiculously good typing that doesn't exist yet."
"Hey, politicians may not understand technology, science, or basic biology, but that shouldn't stop them from making laws governing them. Oh great, another candidate that doesn't understand technology at all."
"I guess that's why the US and Russia have gone to war against each other so many times in the last 100 years. LOL. It's not a ""conspiracy theory"" dude. Freakin' Ike warned us about it, and we've seen it time and time again throughout the past 100 years. War profiteers don't care who's president as long as they continue these endless wars and keep funding them."
That should be a two week ban from here. Ya....I kinda looked over that part...
Pray that you remember the on reddit every rape accusation is false unless it was committed by a muslim
"gee whiz, who would have guessed? Exclusive: Sales of the HTC First have been so bad, AT&amp;T has already decided to discontinue carrying the phone"
"It's those PAC 12 defenses, isn't it? are you serious?"
"People feel the same way about British humor This. I love Will Ferrell off the screen (in interviews and on chat-shows, so technically still on-screen but w/e) but I just cannot get behind that style of comedy. Not sure if it's because I'm a brit but I just do not find it funny in any way shape or form."
"Of course they did... remember the good wholesome game of ""Cowboys and Indians"" where the good white guy shoots the savage ethnic minority... Whatever happened to that kind of good clean fun? This is dumb, I'm sure plenty of children ""then"" knew plenty about guns."
"Nah man, the cel is only worth visiting when Obama throws the first pitch. People don't realize how great the Cell is. Ton of fun. How would you like a full size helmet full of ice cream?"
"You bigot! Did she say something I didn't hear? How did she ""portray Catholics"" other than as people who might listen to the pope?"
"As long as the spots are separate but equal, I have no reason to believe this is wrong.... This seems more than a little unfair"
"Oh, you're so alone in that opinion on reddit Voting Conservative"
Non-American spotted. American spotted
Marijuana killed 2 people in the history of the world and it happened when marijuana is starting to become legal stop it now befive it's too late Teen arrested after 2 girls overdose on marijuana.
"If you can't run Skyrim at max, just go dig a hole and bury yourself with your xbox, uncultured swine! While consoles are cheaper, you're also exaggerating the price of PCs that can run games at a perfectly acceptable level. I'm not sure of the exact numbers, but a PC that's capable of running games at console quality or slightly better would probably cost around $200 to build. Mine was just a bit over $500 over a year ago and can run most current games on medium settings without framerate problems (certainly higher than the 30 you get with consoles). Games generally cost less on a PC as well. Consoles are now ""media centers"" more so than they've been in the past but they still can't compare to PCs in this regard. You can do a lot more and have more control over a PC. Also, it's likely that you need/have a PC anyway. Spending money on a console when you could simply hook up your PC to your television by spending $5 on an HDMI cable doesn't make much sense. This of course assumes that you're willing to move your PC back and forth between rooms. I'm sure someone on your incredibly tight budget wouldn't mind though."
And I thought the subject here would be Apple... silly me... He's talking in general. There are other companies that pay for exploits.
"""Historically accurate"" Like detonations Germany didn't name destroyers IRL (apart from a brief period when they did, hence the T6 and T7)."
"All we need is hope, and we'll make all the racism and adversity go away then nothing will hold you back Keep hope alive."
And you could totally tell that from the video! Skier not snowboarder.
"Whoa.. Whoa... Its Laker/forum Blue not purple. The Lakers calendar, giving us the unknown facts."
"I vote straight Republican because I love the fact that they have been trying very hard for several years to restrict minorities from voting. Enough Clinton vs Trump, Who Are You Voting Down Ticket And Why?"
"Problem is though she is a woman. Damn, your mom has presidential potential."
Castle. Or True Detective. Because Watchmen.
"So glad we released Corban Joseph, then Refsnyder and Gallo make Fangraphs top 10 prospects ready to contribute in 2015."
"Because Churchill never changed his views over the years, and the worlds the same as it was 70 years ago. Yeah Winston Churchill would have loved the idea of Britain being told what to do by Brussels while being led by a German."
"If your dick is female then putting it in a guy isn't homo. You refer to your dick as a ""her""?"
"But they allready blocked these sites in Belgium so it is impossible for us to visit them. Zeg maar dag aan het vrije internet, VPN's zijn het laatste front - ""Stuur een brief naar iedereen die illegaal downloadt"""
Reddit just steals everything from 9gag. Me discovering Reddit after browsing 9gag for 2 years.
"Why did nobody see this coming,etc. Probation service faces job cuts under Sodexo - Hundreds of probation officers are facing redundancy less than two months after the Ministry of Justice privatised the rehabilitation of low and medium-risk offenders."
"That's different because it's supernatural. In first grade, I said pretty much the same thing, but with Jesus. We were taught in religion class that Harry Potter and magic and such wasn't real. I made the conclusion, from that lesson, that if no ""magic"" is real according to the teacher, then how can this magical God/Jesus figure be real? They were teaching us conflicting lessons!"
"""Sandwich maker"" is a common nickname. What would you prefer I call her?"
"Do I refer to you as ""other"" Are they not all included in other?"
"If we came from monkeys why are their still monkeys? Whenever I kill a bug, I wonder how many zillions of years back we shared a common ancestor. Aeons ago, a clutch of eggs hatched; some young wriggled this way, others that way; the lineages diverged...and now these two descendants have met in this fatal way."
Gotta have that future-proofing Seriously? On what? Bet he got a workstation or something...
Well you gotta obviously take the time to go to the local coffee shop and set up your reading station It really doesn't take all that much time to read.
Ew. Came for this.
Probably 0-1-1 in online games DC and HUT combined iam at 27-1-1
"Girls just love douche bag chads and ignore the nice guys whom would treat them with respect, loyalty, and love. I'm convinced some people love the drama and like to be treated like shit."
"Here's hoping you are now an atheist, where we have no excuse at all for being the assholes we are. Yes, yes they are. But never fear: once I left Islam my fellow Muslim ""brothers and sisters"" treated me just as poorly. People are truly assholes everywhere!"
wait wasn't Tebow's pass longer? Edelman's 'The Pass' was the longest scoring pass by a non-quarterback in postseason history.
"Your examples of good government corporations like the post office and amtrack are really perauasive on how well and efficient they can be run and at no cost to the tax payer Socialism! But for real we do have some things like this, like the post office and TVA and public transit (in some places?) I'd be a big fan of government corporations though, especially for things like internet/cable and healthcare"
"But the motion blur makes It more realistic Possibly. Depends on the price and what they do to optimize it. If they want $60 for it when it hits PC and it's just the same blurry mess, then fuck no."
"of course, because those refugees are secretly Muslims that will one day, in about 75 years or so, take over your country, how do you not see that! They aren't allowed where I live. There is literally a 50 kilometer circle where I live (within walking distance of the Dutch parliamentary buildings, incidentally) and not a single refugee camp anywhere near."
"I like the still sanders for president sub because it's 99% posts about hillary bring Satan. Follow up to my post on having my comment removed on bernie sub because I had gold: you did it ESS, you've turned them into corporate shills!"
"IT'S ME Who's the fucker who's down voting everybody's shit? Seriously, it isn't needed."
"Yeah, because Chavez rigging the elections or bullying his opponents is totally out of the question and completely unthinkable. Anti-Chavez posters are going to claim he rigged the election because they are sore losers."
"Remember: information wants to be free! A new facial recognition app called NameTag, that allows anyone to instantly look up social media and dating profiles of someone whose photo they snap, has been developed for Android and Google Glass"
"How they gonna do that when you can't order juice or mods online after the 8th? An idea for vendors who care about advocacy In every order, include a printout about August 8th and ways consumers can get involved to help fight for our rights. If you want, I would even be willing to help you draft something up. Just send me any of your company graphics that you would like on the flier, and I will mock something up and send it to you Some vapers still do not fully understand happens August 8th, and how the future of this industry is at stake. With this we might be able to reach more people and create more advocates."
"I'm terrible with usernames, who are you again? Yup me"
"Of course they'd bring up racism then, cuz white people have all the power Even when the topic being debated has nothing to do with race. It could be a debate on energy policy and they will flat out ignore it and start ranting about racism. It's absurd."
"Rory ""Bubba Watson"" McIlroy Rory McIlroy is skipping Masters Par 3 contest because it's a 'distraction'"
"Using someone's sexuality against them, I'm sure you're such a wonderful person Double standards at work."
"Way to stereotype an entire subreddit. Mixed race here, traveled to loads of countries, and if I were to ask, I wouldn't ask a mainly white group of people on Reddit about it."
"Wow that must have taken years, perhaps decades of searching. I too found the exact spot the image from the US 20 dollar bill was taken from."
About fucking time. So what you're saying is we can expect plenty of tits in the next season?
"Ah yes, out of sight, out of mind. But you see, one affects me personally, while the other affects not me. There's a difference."
"Whoa, be careful about giving out your IP address! My gateway IP is constant: 192.168.1.77, my external IP changes whenever my router connects to the internet."
"Haha I remember from when I was a mechanic and some asswhipe thought I didn't place the carborator correctly into the exhaust pipe! Can confirm. As a former mechanic and current electrical integrator, I can tell you that men are more likely to be full of shit."
Literally unplayable. It's official. NMS on PlayStation 4 has a framerate cap of 30fps - sometimes dipping into the 10-15fps range.
Guess they forgot their EG branded Armani suits at home... Style...
Cuz we're fucking saints! Why are people assuming people arent getting removed for their behavior?
"You said something negative about the developing team therefore you must get downvoted I'm sorry but to say that the new patch broke the game sounds disingenuous. The game was already broken. Let's face it, the HD team is either completely incompetent or lack the resources to improve a game made in the 90s."
"Colon-hell, what's difficult? Colonel. If you know that it's pronounced ""kernel"", it's easy to pronounce. But if you were new to the English language and didn't know that, you would never pronounce it correctly."
"There you go THINKING again. That's a good one. I hated hearing how it was MY responsibility to not let guys even THINK about being tempted by the way I dress. Shouldn't we teach them to not treat women like objects? The whole modesty thing is bogus, in my opinion."
Do they? That's like asking do people have better knees when they're young for a reason.
"Because videogames cause violent behavior and violence in other forms of media doesn't. Yeah, I've always found it puzzling why older generations rag on video games so much and then seem perfectly alright with parking their asses in front of a TV program for equivalent amounts of time."
"""... releasing on other VR platforms that we haven't announced yet..."" Gee, I wonder which they'll release on. Hands-On: ADR1FT for Oculus Rift"
"Yes, I want your organs **toasted in a stick** would you like it toasted"
It's called GNU/Linux for a reason! Probably that Linux might be extremely close to UNIX. It's pretty close. But not as much as I thought.
or FL Studio could be merging with Logic Pro Could be there is a Mac version in alpha :)
"And you seem to know a lot about servers. Maybe not, but he seems to be about as experienced as the people fixing the servers."
OHHHHH that makes sense having to reload more often = banning
"Bunch of people assaulted the police officers there, but it wasn't really a big deal. Riot is a strong word. I live in Salt Lake City and this area is where most of the homeless shelters are based. Because of this, you've already got a lot of people outside who have a bad relationship with police. After the shooting went down, people threw bottles, rocks, etc. at the cops, but other than that, it wasn't really a riot."
"what are you trying to do, ruin the narrative? The baby in white hasn't chosen a gender yet Also, I'm guessing the woman in the blue dress is trans"
"Shut up, grandpa! You're full of shit. I was alive during the Cold War. Stop talking about shit you have no idea about kid."
99% dt next? It went from 99.97 no mod to 99.13 HR and now 99.83 HDHR. How time passes.....
I am glad their government is focusing on making laws concerning important issues such as lonely guinea pigs TIL Switzerland has forbidden people from keeping lone guinea pigs because the animals are sociable and need each other's company
"No, all of country music is bad and anyone who listens to it is just pretending. Does decent country music exist? The only kind of country I have heard has been mainstream, chewing tobacco good ol boy music and I find it terrible. Are there talented country music artists with meaningful lyrics?"
You dropped your MOTHER OF GOD ITS MATCHMAKING
Are we going to go to Hell for looking at this? Is this ok?
"And a thousand NSA agent's screamed out 'oh no, how will we spy on them now?!' One Day Later, Anonymous Already Takes Down 3,824 Pro-ISIS Twitter Accounts"
VROOM VROOM MOTHERFUCKERS I POWER THIS WHEEL WITH MY MIND Microsoft with the quality racing setup
"[It's the letters in the word.] The ""four is cosmic/magic riddle"" three is five, five is four, and four is cosmic. Or twelve is six, six is three, three is five, five is four and four is cosmic. Figure it out?"
but local elections aren't inspiring There are barely even regular Democrat governers at this point. The DNC needs to realize more than just federal-level elections matter.
"Try Gentoo! Thanks for the kind words, but it's not gonna happen. I've been fucking with Linux since Red Hat 7.2 almost 15 years ago. I've tried to like countless distros, but I simply have no use for Linux over Windows."
"Wow that's so unbelievable! The Who, Elton John Lead New Orleans Jazz Fest Lineup"
"I dunno, Bobby Jindal was a Rhodes scholar, so I'm not sure how much weight I'd give that one. Just off the top of my head, he's a Rhodes scholar and he has a nearly perfect memory."
"Also news: Sepp Blatter to run for Governor of Illinois Sepp Blatter: FIFA's 'few' corrupt officials must be 'discovered, punished'"
"Well technically you can't be a pussy if you threaten to shoot stuff You know it's like 1 shot now right? And just in the arm, so stop being such a pussy."
"Okay, thanks for letting us know that vital information :) Thanks to this article we could all go to sleep knowing there are significantly less antisemites in this world than there were yesterday :D Boycotting Israel is not anti-Semitism"
"But what about those fat free twizzlers, those are good for me because they are strawberry right? Precisely! All this fat free shit more often than not has a crap ton of sugar and our verbs on it. Fat is not necessarily the enemy!"
"They're too busy fixing the game Yeah, I am surprised valve haven't really looked at stattrak at all."
It's your fault for not healing! Somebody had a bad day today
I can buy potatoes cheaper at my local shop I'm selling mine to. How much are you selling your potato for. Im selling my potato for 375$ to pay for a third of my pc.
"Don't sleep on ODB, he would've wiped the field in this soft ass league ODB = Ol' Dirty Bastard OBJ = Odell Beckham Jr ODB =/= OBJ"
I like that the banner image is of Taylor Swift breast. TIL that in 2012 when Taylor Swift held a public vote for where she would visit and preform a free concert 4chan users voted for a childrens school for the deaf and won the vote.
Maybe they'll send you a care package with a bunch of shirts and stuff like they did with that one guy. The only bug I found in the beta...
"Feminism is necessary in the Middle East, But America is completely fair and honest, so women have nothing to complain about or fight for over here. Suddenly reddit loves femen, huh? You people confuse me."
At least the compendium inst an annual thing with pretty predictable results! At least they are telling us!
"Well, I don't know if I speak for everyone else or not but probably but I am incredibly hot for this guy now. Update: He seems to be done making alts (for now) and has chosen to start going through my comment history and mass downvoting/replying to my posts on other subs with more of his particular brand of affection."
"You know, I think there is so much more to Pence than just his political face and he probably really likes Donald Dung as a fellow republican, a friend and a human being. Trump in the next debate: ""He and I haven't spoken, and I disagree. I disagree."""
Sound games all the way! Graphics are annoying
"Thus, we, as men, should choose for them! I've come to the realization that women hack a knack for picking the worst possible men for themselves."
Yeah media will surely think this way too... he didn't mention trump did he? he has nothing to do with trump
"Star Wars had never used movies to sell toys before Disney bought them, they ruined it. Parts of the recent starwars film were blatant to just sell merch, but we still got a really fantastically written and visually gorgeous film, Disney taking over didn't hurt one bit"
I guess it's time to eat rocks now Something like 2/3 of the planet's food requires insect pollination... what are you going to eat?
"Such an articulate reply. Oh, don't be such a pussy. What a pussyfoot group."
"This kid was white though, wasn't he? Zimmerman isn't in jail."
Ignis is your mother yes. Thank you kind sir. So when i talk to umbra to take me back to open world so i can harvest my carrots and put my turbo on the regalia im still dead but not dead.
Never heard of this song before! Cigarette Daydreams - Cage the Elephant
I can't wait for everyone to come out of the wood work complaining about it when the Democrats become the obstructionists next year. If congress ever did there job they would be making laws.
"Yeah, fuck them for providing fire departments, keeping our national airspace safe, regulating workplace safety standards, etc. The government doesn't do good things."
"Just summon 100 mystical scrolls to easily get 1000 points Especially now that we don't really max out 3* due to the plethora of rainbowmon, it means getting 1000 points will actually be a bit difficult unless you want to be inefficient."
"Sure, if it's something nice happening then the guy is just practicing his religion but when it's something stupid like this, the guy is just using religion as an excuse. Not so sure you can blame religion for this one."
"But we don't even know if OP is Chris or Alex! So far, you've given enough information to identify who you are to anyone that's involved in this situation. So far this post has been bestof'd, and has exposure on the front page of r/all. So far, thousand of people have read this. One of them may work at the hospital where this went down, and will forward this to the administration. Delete everything. Now."
"Lee Roy over in Cell Block C would have made that in 10 minutes. A marking knife I made out of a saw blade and plastic bags. (not woodworking, but woodworking tool."
They should learn to put them in their mouth and not on their shoulders I feel like everyone has a chip on their shoulder these days
I will give you 1 key for it. What is this knife and what is it wurf
they on purposly didnt controll it because it would get more kills that way How did that happen? Did no one control it?
The police wouldn't have shot you if you had been innocent. It's disturbing how they don't seem to see anything weird about it...
SPOILER ALERT! The ending pissed everyone off anyway.
"too soon Hey now, I have limits, it's not like I'm running a pizza joint here."
Are the vandals painting other vehicles that horrible shade of blue or was it just yours? Security at work sent around an email saying there's been vandalism in the parking lot with a picture of my Jeep attached to the note.
"Because this is a hentai made into a game. The bigger question, why are there naked giants in that game?"
"Yes, yes, the Middle East was very peaceful under Obama, wasn't it! Iran says Gulf worried about war risks with Trump"
"Yeah, you must be fat too. oh look a fat joke, original."
"Finally, Americans are no longer afraid to call a black person a spade. Long are the days of being politically correct and now you can tell the family member with gender dysphoria what sex they really are and remind them there are only 2 to choose from...not 32."
"LARPing will make an unprecedented comeback with awesome games and hundreds of players that won't be shuffled to the far corners of the con. Predictions For This Year's Con Sorry, not sorry, but I'm getting excited and antsy about con. Wanted to get a discussion going. So what are some predictions you guys have for this year? It can be anything: - Costumes/fandoms you think we'll see a lot of. - A stab at future guests announcements. - Issues you foresee. - Things you think will be better/fixed. - What will be funner/what will be a dud."
Stockholm Syndrome is an awesome song tho Most albums I love I instantly liked on first or second listen. I don't understand listening to an album 10 times before you begin to like it. At that point it sounds more like Stockholm Syndrome
"I don't know I think if they put in some half-baked incestual storyline, intertwined a blonde girlfriend who makes Dexter have ""emotions"", introduced Masuka's daughter, and ended it with Dexter abandoning his son to find his true calling as a lumberjack it would've been **SO** much better. Dexter's series finale at the end of season 4 was fantastic, I almost wish they'd made more, but I'm glad they stopped where they did because no one knows what could have happened."
So it's based on data from 5 games. It excludes games with Tracee on both teams
I read he above with an he hates gsw tbh
people are gonna have great sleep all over the world What would the global consequences be if no child was born for one year?
"Yeah lets cut taxes more and also raise military spending by double! Don't worry, man. We just need to cut taxes more. It'll trickle down then! Swear!"
"No somehow centres today would be able to block a fadeaway that covers half of the lane There is no doubt he would be great center today. Several players who played against wilt said he's the most dominant player they've ever seen. Even Kareem Abdul jabbar said that, and they hated each other their entire lives. I'm not saying he's the greatest of all time, or that he'd for sure be the best player in today's game, but what centers do you think could stop him? He ran track and competed in the high jump in college and did very well in both. There's footage of him nearly touching the top of the backboard. His athleticism would easily translate to today's game."
Firebat is obviously better at this game Best turn 5 at dreamhack so far.
Republican discussions can probably be found under r/whitesupremacy or r/tinfoilhatset or r/makeamericahateagain or r/conspiracytheories Allow r\politics to become r\democrats
Piss on it yourself. Green Duffel bag cleaning Just discovered my spawn of Satan cat pissed all over my green duffel bag. Any cleaning tips? Or do I just need to dry clean it?
"Wow, bringing up Obama was totally relevant. Everyone complains about how Walker spent more money and won...but no one complains how Obama spent more money in '08..."
but i thought bale was better than neymar Perez is obsessed with Neymar
"""i really want $20mil"" JW - We need TI for CS."
"Makes sense, I just went on my third shooting spree inspired by getting Edge of Tomorrow on BluRay. Action Movie Ban In Paris After Terror Attacks"
"I'm thinking a very large Tim Horton's What do you want Centre Mall and Lawson Heights Mall to do with the soon-to-be-empty Target spots? I could see Good Life Fitness taking over some of the one in the Centre Mall, and the rest of it re-developed into more mall space. I wouldn't mind seeing one of the spots turned into some type of mall attraction though. Waterslide park, all-season skating rink, or an aquarium (unlikely, I know.) Maybe the other can become a Bed Bath and Beyond or something. I can't see Wal-Mart taking over either space, since Wal-Mart made a huge effort to get out of shopping malls. With Saskatoon's luck, they'll probably either turn into gigantic Tim Hortons' or pulled down for IM Park lots. Fuck."
Fucking reaction videos Cat reacts to cucumber test
They were using 22's so not quite as loud People don't realize how loud guns are. I'm afraid I would suffer permanent hearing loss if I fired a gun in my home without hearing protection (e.g. in self defense). Movies and TV make it seem like you can have a normal conversation in the middle of a fire fight. I don't think so.
Keep riding those clean green coat tails... Questions get even harder for milk giant
"And we are welcomed home by the Spurs on Saturday, joy. Damn 6 of Houstons first 7 games were away?"
"got there by kissing her boss. Yeah, but a Naval Officer as well."
"Reskinned draugr tombs confirmed Seems like it's just a way of spawning in more enemies, sounds cool. It allows for waved fights rather than just what you see at first glance."
"breaking wards loses visibility so you should downvote, obv. Upvote for visibility"
"If the last 25 years have taught us anything, it's that economists and those at the top of the financial pyramid know what the hell their doing... You're absolutely right. But personally, I think economists tend to know more about what's good for the economy than trade unionists."
"Which is bad for the economy. But humans have high employment cost, benefits plus wage."
"""this guy isn't worth watching cuz i have a bigger penis than he does"" my mmr is higher than his, kiddo"
Oh yeah well the South just felt sorry for you folks and took it easy! Winners make the rules
With Apaches waiting for the order to shot you down Omg so much fun formation flying with helicopters!
Oh my god this is so relevant to my interests. Cowboys cut Michael Sam
Good job scooping that up before some impoverished kid got to enjoy it! Found this for $1 at a Goodwill. The copyright on the back says 1986. It's still in its original plastic wrap.
But Apple will revolutionize the industry once again you mean Google Now?
Put a police officer at the finish line and watch him win My brother-in-law at a X-country meet
"Yeah people who speak Patois don't deserve to speak anymore man! ""Your contribution to society is not helping"""
Let's all take a moment and appreciate the level of athleticism in this sport World Beard and Mustache Competition
can we use my teamspeak Looking for people to play cs:GO with
Screw you and your happiness :) Blessed on this new summon
on paper any team with a girl on it should lose. Well on paper HJC is also the best team in NA.
"and a reasonable cost of living and ridiculously nice neighbors and having your vote actually matter in the presidential election and access to some of the best hospitals and universities in the country and great food and great farms that drive into the cities to sell their fresh fruits and veggies and jams and yeah i hate it here... yea, if you like corn"
"I think the US should DDOS until they get the English flag changed into an American one! Like, offering a Spanish language option with a Mexican flag :D"
"My rugged good looks, brilliant mind, and charming wit. What do people hate you for?"
Totes magotes! yeah but you'd still totally rather bang #1 rite rite
HE'S A COMMUNIST AND HIS BIRTH CERTIFICATE IS A FORGERY. .....wut
"yes, because destroying the means of production that they plan on recapturing is the smarter move. If the Saudi's wanted to cripple ISIS financially they would've just bombed their facilities while they were in the area. They're taking a ~$12B/mo hit at $40 oil, no way they're doing that to cripple ISIS when the other methods are so much cheaper."
"Wow...way to understand how the world works. don't be sorry, her own fault for not only dating such a douchebag but getting a KID off him. and considering she's been divorced another 3 times since then i would say MAYBE some of the blame lies with the mom"
You smug SOB. Ferrari 599 in South Miami
He said states not territories. you forgot Iraq
"That's when you go spider stomping! Depends what spider. DO NOT run from a tarantula, they WILL chase you. But hell, they're not venomnous anyways."
"Air Force finally giving Navy a run for their money for ""Gayest Branch of the Military"" An F-22 Raptor pulling so many Gs, the low pressure air over the fuselage gets cold enough for the water to condense. The angle is just right for sunlight to make rainbow colors around the airplane"
"Uhhhh... That would be a tobacco water pipe. OP said in her last post she was using a bong, but a bunch of commenters said she should claim it was for tobacco if anyone asked."
Not green enough My part of my group's 1.3 pyramid lair
"Shall we tell him about Gary and Jill, guys? Well, you've got my vote."
"Well yeah, if you didn't show her the first one she'd be completely lost. She made it about a third if the way through and then was more interested in the iPad."
Well... no cause its EA Are you saying if EA etc. explained why they put expensive DLC out it'd be ok?
"Someone salty about the use of the word salty identified. I think his claims about the defenses are largely indisputable. NYCFC played great, don't get me wrong, but seriously where was our defense today? Person simply looking for an opportunity to use the word ""salty"" identified. And to predict the comments to follow: ""Salty Orlando fan identified""."
"Clearly sell your home for big money, then move to Minnesota to buy a house 2-3x as big I've had realtors contact me asking me to list my place as I had it appraised a year or so ago. 'It's a great time to sell!', they say. Unfortunately that also means it's a terrible time to buy (and rent, incidentally). Once you sell you still need to live somewhere."
"I like to think that my 23 points put us over the million mark... Team Pink just hit 1,000,000 points"
"He's clearly just managing the game very well Dude he threw over 4k yards, 35 touchdowns, ran over 500 yards and had the highest completion percentage in the NFL at 68%. You have no clue what you're talking about."
To get the most out of his PEDs Why does Lyoto Machida drink his own piss? Is there a reason for it?
"*All sexes, shitlord. It's legal for both sexes to walk around topless in public in NYC."
"It matches the rest of the town. The flag of Pocatello Idaho, that thing has a trademark in it!"
"But it's a lie if you could actually care less while you are saying that you couldn't. Then it's completely counter-intuitive. Saying ""I couldn't care less"" means that you do not care at all while saying ""I could care less"" means that you have to care *some*. I've never understood why people defend this."
"Remember though, RT is dying folks! Special RT Podcast with The Lonely Island!"
Haha Lethul cheater confirmed (Spoiler?) Conspiracy Theory (HCS)
Maybe they should do what the Skullgirls devs are doing and ask for a team of volunteers. They can't even get pc working properly. The mess that a Linux version would be. My god.
Simon for Urias. He was pretty good for the Reds last year. I feel like he'd be a decent back end of the rotation type guy for a contending team.
"It must be really easy to accidentally send a picture of your penis. I didn't send you a letter, so here's a picture of my junk."
"No, what else will we make fun of the mormons for? Do you think polygamy should be legal? After gay marriage has been legalized nationwide, I see a lot of people talk about how polygamy is next. Opinions?"
"Because a five-justice, radical, right-wing majority was completely fine up until now! Ted Cruz: Supreme Court Might 'Strike Down The Second Amendment' If Democrats Win In 2016"
Oh yeah sure i'm definitely dropping a massive survivability tool to reduce my reload by 30 seconds. And yet people came in droves to the forums about how the already OP IJN DDs are gonna get even more OP with how Hatsuharu and Kagerou get to reduce torpedo reload times. Kek.
"In his defense, nothing about this post seemed satirical to me, never assume people catch your sarcasm, always add the Whoosh..."
you mean chinese taipeh? Taiwan is also running Bo2.
"I don't think trimming pubic hairs is all that much work. Hang in there, friend. Life is hard and it takes a lot of work to keep the ""garden"" tended, but there is so much joy to be experienced."
I'm sure Mark Hunt vs John Dodson would be a competitive fight.... Just give open weight fights.
"That comment was unnecessary, as we all knew what he meant unnecessary*"
"So..... You're saying you slept with the guy who finally fixed your shit, right? 88m here. I wish we had mechanics that actually fixed our shit. Our maintenance consisted of one really weird specialist who would never sign off on my truck because I would't sleep with him. 3 hick dudes from the south who spent all their time smoking and dipping and telling me to go fuck myself when I asked for some assistance. Then there was one dude who actually did his job and helped out that guy was fucking awesome. Also yes the operators are in their rooms."
"Congratulations on playing in a pub and clicking m1 I love playing Heavy. Even more so when the enemy team was rolling us, then failed to cover their flanks letting the Big Russian get around to give our team the leverage we needed to win."
Which is why everyone is building huge battery banks. Battery storage is a cheaper way to balance the grid than having excess generating capacity.
Get good noob! The future of gaming is now!
"Yes, because that's an integral part of democracy. Like the required adherence to not being able to purchase stuff from shops?"
use the youtube moneiz Ill have to go buy one :P
"Well, then it's a good thing they weren't trying to conceal their weapon! He never got his conceal permit, that photo was a certificate from a concealed weapons handling course that you take before you get the permit."
"Excellent line of reasoning there. But most people who have guns, have them at home. Having them in public puts a whole new spin on things. I can't imagine having one during a traffic stop, there is some misunderstanding and the police shoot you because you forgot about your gun and they felt threatened."
"yeah, that vayne pick worked out real well He really needs to stop playing Twitch and go back to mobile ADCs."
"Totally, that is why I bought Gal Civ 3 AND it's DLC for 50% off. Steam Sales have been shit the last couple of years"
Well at least I can add an I to my Super Bowl LI tattoo. This can be the only reason why this happened. Our SB win just has to be delayed a year so we can win it on home turf.
tell us about the young sex He was 8...
color me convinced. It could have been a reduction surgery as well.
How dare you insult my perfect penis! He's also the reason so many people are circumcised. He said that it would prevent masturbation when the child got older. Once that was disproved men still caried the idea that their sons penises should look like theirs.
"Wow, this is a good, quality topic that hasn't been posted before. RS in a nutshell"
The naked guy too many people to narrow down to be honest.
"Yeah, because those two question were the only way in which the primaries were rigged. It's hilarious that people think Bernie would have won the nomination if only Hillary hadn't known she'd be asked about the Flint lead poisoning scandal *while in Michigan*, and about her position on the death penalty which has come up in debates for decades. The chances she wasn't already well-prepared to answer both of those questions are next to zero."
Convert everything to BFX. What are you going to do when Bitfinex is online? What will you do with your money in Bitfinex account? Will you convert all your altcoins to bitcoin? Or you will convert some amount of your bitcoins to ETC/ETH?
EA has a console? I finally understand Nintendo's current console strategy.
You mean the guy who gave all those kids autism? Jonas Salk.
"That Obama, got us again! It's hard to believe the 2 events (the visit and the letter) were not part of a multi-angle plan to kill the peace talks."
"what are you a fucking trump supporter? Is it just me or was it obvious he said ""Big League""?"
"What Japan has never done anything wrong. Asian Comfort Women. During WW2, around 200,000 women were kidnapped and forced into basically being sex slaves by the Japanese military."
"He isn't as good as Montana or Brady, so he's fucking useless. They say he's never been a real leader for this team? Wtf?"
In trouble if you don't add the We'll learn from our mistakes in the Champions League next year and not underestimate the putatively weaker sides.
Somehow he's guilty of attempted murder after emptying a pistol's 17 round mag at the police... So he got drunk and fired his glock at them 17 times. Sure sounds like attempted murder to me.
It's more efficient that way! I like how he goes from racism towards whites to asians to black guys. He just couldnt make up his mind!
all that destruction and no cloud in sight how is this possible? Destruction!
"Yeah, because scrubs in a 2k pub have exactly the same amount of motivation to win as pro players in an elimination series to go to a fucking major. ""VOLVO PLZ GIF CONCEDE OPTION"" posts can now finally shut the fuck up. For ever."
"He is pushing a pro Egypt agenda. I think I'll take the word of ""Egypt's archaeology chief Zahi Hawass""!"
"I for one hate all Germans and want Germany to suffer because they occupied us in WW2. Britain has caused Ireland much suffering in the past, for a large amount of Irish people, Britain's suffering is our pleasure. If we have to go through a small amount of suffering for them to go through a much larger amount, so be it. Although, I personally believe Brexit is a huge opportunity for Ireland, I think we'll benefit from this greatly, although some industries will suffer."
"Sorry ma, that mole's a dealbreaker I went with talking with Emi's mom first, and yeah, if I can be spared a moment of Hisao's dumbassery, I'll take it. Plus, it's a few more minutes with Meiko. And that's always a good thing."
"You clearly just don't understand his level of intelligence, he is literally enlightened by how intelligent he is. One of the five most intelligent people in the world spends his time arguing over bullshit on the internet? Checks out."
"I always love when men see me as a subhuman who needs to be introduced to manly things like personal finance. Butters need more ""females"" to hold bags; Set up CryptoMoms forum for the women in their life."
Mike Pence is a bundle of joy. True: Mike Pence advocated for 'conversion therapy'
"No, you see, Obama simply conveys weakness which emboldens the terrorists Wasn't the deal to leave Iraq signed under bush?"
"Yep, it's not like someone's shitty parking might affect anyone else... I like zoidberg and all but I really hate these passive aggressive cards. You're not the parking police so fuck off with your opinions."
"Yes, cabroken is underwhelming Or Merc could dash instead of nerfing an already underwhelming god."
Dwayne Bowe is on the Browns? Dwayne Bowe
"if that title doesn't win over people to your side of thinking i dont know what will While America is distracted by the Trump freakshow, Indiana just passed one of the most restrictive abortion bills in the nation. Governor Mike Pence is expected to sign a bill into law that would end nearly all abortions in his state."
"I thought y'all are tweakers and supposed to be awake? Vyvanse subtweaking dose? So I have a total of 10 30mg Vyvanse. Last time I had a few, 90mg served me pretty well, but lets say I wanted to push it a tad bit further, would another 30 be too much or ok? I can use half a pill or something of the sort, or I can weigh the contents of a single capsule and go from there. I want to be very productive, but get a rush, not powerful but a steady state euphoria. I have magnesium citrate and B vitamins, as well as fish oil, and food to get down cus my appetite will be passing Pluto. I have limited recreational knowledge of amp but I have used it medically for years, as Vyvanse 40mg and Concerta 18/36mg. I did MDMA ~3 days ago if that factors into anything. I'm 115lbs and ~18. Something magical about this class of drugs though. It turns me into the best person I can be and I love this person. As does everyone else. The conversations I have with this drug, I swear I'm stronger, faster, smarter. Everything is quicker."
"Yes, your perfect dream girl will be *delighted* to find out about your drug problem the hard way! Man asks RPW how to get a girl that meets all his specifications, because he's such a catch. He neglects to mention his extensive drug useage."
"They could have simply killed the teacher, why so much jhoomla? Spelling Mistake Rattles Smriti Irani. An Inquiry is Ordered"
"That's not fair though, Blizzard has been making games for like 10 years or something. I can see myself playing Diablo 3 that way, for less, and better itemisation"
WV Dems are obviously sexist WV Dems call for resignation of DNC chair
... i guess now i understand why people type It's not subtle.
Don't worry the market will eventually provide! Old housemate was a cancer researcher with a doctorate. US grants were more forthcoming than Australian ones. So he he lives and works there now.
"Oh, the humanity.... because large corporate profits are now in trouble"
"It must be some lone nut who has a strong allegiance to the FED.... Germany's ""End The Fed"" Protest Organizer Gets Car Fire-Bombed"
But... Muh ebin maymays :( It's going to get even worse from here on out
I don't know about you but domestic violence *always* makes me giggle more WTF than cringe
"All hail the Singularity! No, IMO, Dystopia is well on its way. As a species we seem to be at the risky teenage stage. Utopia is quite a long way off. Thank god strong AI will be here soon to save us from ourselves."
"Come on, you guys haven't even won a national title since UCF started playing football, you suck! Oh, you mean like a team that's gone 38-27 over the last 5 seasons like UCF, right? FYI, in the same time span MSU has gone 44-22."
"They were just 20 years ahead of the curve on ""software as a service"". I was the site coordinator for a large enterprise software installation of a language package that was used by dozens of developers, and the company was notorious for shipping buggy updates. We documented everything as best we could and provided workarounds, but things got so bad that I just stopped applying updates. We simply could not afford all that downtime and rework every time a new release came out. After going for many months without applying any updates, the company got more and more insistent about keeping up with the current release - and I stood firm, explaining that we had to re-certify everything we did in that language every time an update came out. Things escalated fairly quickly, until the truth came out in a conference call full of executives. As it turned out, they had dead-man code in the system that would stop everything cold if the system date was past a date setting in a parameter file. They relied on frequent updates to keep shoving that date out into the future as some kind of half-assed attempt to manage software piracy. When my management refused to allocate resources on short notice to QA all our code again for an update, the company explained to me how to do a sector patch (directly modifying bits on the disk) to the file containing the date so that we could keep running. We did do updates after that, but on our schedule. There were some interesting conversations about the dead-man code, but we kept using the software because we had invested a lot of effort into our systems and code base by that point. This all happened on an IBM mainframe at a Fortune 100 multinational - and the vendor who provided the software was no small player, either."
Another jealous foriener wishing he had his own assualt rifle to kill the terrorisms. Your own cops kill more innocent American civilians every year than any terrorist organisation. Yet you turn to leaders with strong stances on terror. Real nice.
"Yes, for some ***inexplicable*** reason. For some reason I find this extremely arousing..."
"he was sad sk got relegated and like a grown woman, he drawned his tears in ice cream/chocolates? Holy Sven gained weight"
"Yes, because abusing women is just so darn funny. It would have been funny if Erick Erickson had just gotten up and bitch slapped her."
"It's certainly very restrictive that the average American ""can't"" eat dog or cat, right? Normal people stuck up society's butt that don't do a whole lot of research see the word diet and think it's something restrictive. Veganism is most definitely not restrictive. That's like saying I'm ""not allowed"" to eat poop."
"""RENGAR BROKEN CHAMP NO COUNTERPLAY"" Another decent penta (ft. Scarra)"
BRB going to buy a 2015 Les Paul... This shits gonna be like WW2 pennies one day. Well this is a nice surprise: Gibson will stop fixing things that aren't broken in 2016.
I think he forgot his Soon? 17 years?
"Personally... I really don't want 2.4, i finally managed to sleep /eat and spend more time with my family properly... 2.4 will ruin my life =( .....can we just have our PTU already?.."
It's there job to stop the defense from stopping them though Its not the offenses job to stop the defense
6) Try revising some biology GCSE Business: 5 tips for exam revision
Why is Luke here when he's already under the Kylo mask? Star Wars tribute by Paul Shipper for Fandango
"FUCK YEAH FUCK THOSE FAGS LETS GO PLAY COD BRO who cares what someone named their character. if its so upsetting to you, go join the rest of the faggots on the RP servers."
"Just because no one is actually getting better doesnt mean it isnt working. Homeopathy effective for 0 out of 68 illnesses, study finds"
Justin Williams to the Kings for a top prospect and a 1st Trade Deadline BOLD PREDICTIONS thread Lets make some ABSOLUTELY ABSURD TRADE PREDICTIONS and put them in this thread. Ex: STAMKOS TO SENS YOU HEARD IT HERE FIRST ^^and ^^last ^^because ^^it ^^makes ^^no ^^sense
"The kids are distributing weed over the internet, time to shut it down to save the kiddos! what the fuck is ""electonic thc"" other than vaping weed or cannabis extracts/oils. it's cannabis none the less right?"
Obviously it's because you didn't double sleeve them with perfect fits. Look what my cats did to my prerealese card
Yeah and look how that scrub turned out Kevin Durant did 0 reps in the NBA combine
"You're so rude for asserting boundaries and limits, OP. Age is just a number (more in comments)"
"Spoken like true cis scum. I'm not sure, but it's words like zir and shit for people who ""identify"" as meatloaf pans and 6 genders all at once and stuff like that."
I assume they are planning a mutiny against the white man. I can't figure out why they want him to stop filming.
"You mean Daniel and Nephi weren't BFFs? Did you learn that the Book of Daniel was written hundreds of years after the Babylonian exile, during the time of Alexander the Great? Did you learn that Alexander wanted to see the Holy of Holies in the temple so he just marched right in, looked around, said ""meh"" and then decided that he'd set up his local office in there? Did you learn that has a lot to do with the prophecies in the Book of Daniel... well, more than a lot, everything to do with the prophecies?"
"Because clearly, someone who gave birth to you or adopted you and took care of *just* enough of your needs to keep you alive until you were of age to do so yourself makes her a good person, no matter what horrible things she might have done. I know right. ""You can't just cut your mother out of your life"" Oh really? Why not? As for other stuff, this ""K"" person needs to step out of her shoes and see how she's coming off. My understanding is the fundamentals of empathy are being able to see things through someone elses' eyes. Within that definition, she's very limited and that's not going to help anyone."
"Old Mother Hubbardd is never wrong, and you're a pussy for offering a counterpoint. dude...why are you so damn argumentative....i'm not implying that I know the plans, I'm posting what i've heard, from people who could possibly know more than me, or even possibly have inside information, and I'm asking reddit if this seems plausible. I've never said I think a developer would do this, or I know for sure of anything happening, just that I heard a rumor, and have read about develpers considering the options int he past and connected some potential dots. I'm not trying to ""show you a developer,"" or even convince you that I am right or to ""believe me,"" you are reacting like I am trying to force you, or convince you that I have an opinion on the matter... when all i've done is present some possible information for consideration?"
"What country has a flag which says, ""KNOWN TO ANCIENTS""? Elements &amp; country of discovery"
"Haha dude it's just a joke Haha! Trying to open someones door at night without even knocking is silly? Ok gals, let's wrap it up, nothing to see here. It's just some guy being silly lol."
But... But.... ARE you going to be on Oprah? Yeah... (Story in the comments)
Wow this hasn't been said in a while I hate Chrustine. LOL @ her calling Donny rude.
But did he mention the 3 months it takes to assemble? He says right in the video that it cost less than prefab spiral staircases
"How dare you perpetuate the war on Christmas Why aren't there any Channakuh themed skins? Says it in the title. In Smite, we have skins for an alcoholic Santa (Bacchus), a guardian that can plant Christmas Trees that give you mana, and, and an Elf that is on Sant'a naughty list (Nu Wa). Just off the top of my mind you could give Nox a related skin with her candle holder as a menorah. I am not Jewish I just think there should be atleast one themed skin for the jewish holiday. Thoughts?"
That's unladylike I tell them.
Minecraft above a silky smooth 4 fps What can I take advantage of with a powerful CPU? Recently got a 4790k and wanted to know what I can run that usually struggles on a normal computer.
but now i can leverage his passive! They don't realize how crucial Sheen is to his damage output. Or don't build Manamune or some crazy shit like that. I've seen Corkis build Infinity Edge + Phantom Dancer before. I cried inside.
"Ya they're last descendants, the elephant are doing well... Yet here we are without mammouths doing just fine"
"Yeah ofc lets be real, a silver level taric player probably has the same mechanics as a challenger tier taric player"
Oh boy just what I was waiting for! James Cameron Taps Steven Charles Gould to Write Four 'Avatar' Novels
"Sure, but can you fold my teeshirts for me? Take me with!"
"according to typical nova residents, its time to stock up on 20 gallons of milk It's still good to be aware of them IMO. Time to stock up on whiskey."
"After careful consideration of the people involved, I think ""psychophant"" is the correct term. Sycophant?"
I can't really comment on that before watching the tape. Hue is a breath of fresh air compared to the stale rancid fart that Mike Pettine gradually turned into.
"Yeah, nothing says libertarian like the income tax. Ah, I misunderstood your comment. That said, it's kind of hard to be an educated constitutionalist and not have libertarian views; it's a very (classically) liberal document..."
DelayedArtisticGuppy Flusha is legit
"Personally, I can't wait to make a big deal out of people making a big deal out of the subscribe banner. Can't wait for the hot drama over the ""subsblibe"" banner once again."
but it's important for the future tho because it's literally just a link to the one website that we are all refreshing
"He don't need those rapists! Top Latino polling firm: Trump is headed for a historic, lopsided loss among a key group"
Clearly Chip Kelly only drafted black players so he wouldn't look racist. Todd Herremans tweet about Chip Kelly being called a racist.
"I saw boobs with that dick it has ruined my life forever. Sorry I posted a few picture yesterday that fell outside of the approved content guidelines. I apologize if anyone was put off by it, I'll make sure it doesn't happen again and continue to post content that is in line with our guidelines."
The party unity here is so strong. Good. I also can't wait for Sanders and Warren to tell the rest of them to fuck off later tonight.
Dolan does the most Dolanesque thing ever and overrules Phil to amnesty Porzingis. Knicks fans hope for an Amnesty Clause
"Because if you don't have skills, really you *should* starve to death, because you don't really deserve to live.... why pay a living wage to an unskilled worthless person? How bout get some skills that deserve more than minimum wage"
"I'm not racist, but Mexicans are hard workers. But it's okay because they prefaced it with how blaming the victim is bad, which now gives them a pass to blame the victim!"
Yeah they bombed themselves right? #FSAcrimes Implying they're the ones dropping the bombs
"It's piracy, that's why they're losing money. Hollywood. Listen up: STOP MAKING THESE FUCKING MOVIES. You're constantly rehashing the same old shit, then magically wonder why you lose money. We're not looking for sequels to movies that were just fine as is. There's a reason the new Ghostbusters tanked hard."
This xpac will be different! Except that WoW has never had a stable release :P
"But he's not that adorable Jonah Hill child, so he must be addicted to something! Fat celebrity? Must be meth or cocaine. Sounds like *somebody's* never done uppers before."
"ERRYTHING THAT'S NOT AT LEAST 9.3 IS SHIT Back in the old days you couldn't set AR, only OD, and it would be equal to the AR. No idea what you were trying to say with that 2013 maps thing."
Because women are weak and helpless and must always be protected How is Joel being the protagonist more realistic?
OH NO MISOGYNY ;_; *she*
"Yes, Windows having a restrictive app store would be pretty much equivalent to the holocaust. if that were the case the windows app store wouldn't be a mandatory installation. And sure things might not go that way. But MS is trying to monetize windows to a greater extent the best way to do so is to replicate the same closed system others have. I'd rather be all up and arms and find out nothing happened. Than sit here and do nothing and have it happen. ""First they came for the communists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a communist. Then they came for the socialists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a socialist. Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak out because I wasn't a trade unionist. Then they came for me, and there was no one left to speak for me."""
"See, this is one of the reasons gun laws are so important to keep just as out founding fathers intended! TIL that when Charles Whitman began his shooting rampage at U Texas in 1966, a lot of locals grabbed their rifles and started shooting back. They kept him pinned down until the police could sneak up the tower and kill him."
sorry didn't think I needed the Watchmen is a comic book from the 80's.... The movie came out in 2009...
"No. Anyone want a 14 Day of Gold? At midnight whichever comment (I randomly pick) will get it! I won't use it cause I got one year of gold for Christmas so, enjoy!"
Must be. It must be an indication as to the crappiness of this season that I can barely remember what these episodes are about.
it's only genital mutilation if it's done to females in africa. It's not cosmetic surgery. There's nerves there.
That's how you know it's real. it always end in applauding. Lol
"Emerald What is currently your favorite ship to play? For me, it is the Perth. It doesn't have as many tools as the Belfast but what it does have works well for my playstyle. Also on a side note, Merry Christmas to all."
Found the Sheik/Bayonetta/Corrin/MK/ZSS main It's also the worst thing
will shitpost more in the future with your name in it e: Good for you. Try to shitpost less.
"Illuminati confirmed Goddamn, these guys have class!"
oh noes. Lashkar-e-Taiba Commander Killed in Sopore Encounter
"Yeah, 'cause after this last buff, he needs to do more damage. He should bust it out with the ultimate, dual wield for additional damage... or somethin..."
"They are praying for our nation, what else do you want from them! This has always baffled me..."
"Islamaphobe! The whole piece is absolutely full of quotes where bin Laden makes it crystal clear he did what he did because of Allah, because of Islam. And yet to this day we have a gaggle of useful idiots tying themselves in knots trying to pretend that Islam cannot be blamed for Islamist terrorism."
"Don't you know that weed is natural, but pharmaceutical companies are unnatural and evil? Ah reddit. You demand adult privileges for your smack, blow, and weed --- but you want an authoritarian structure between you and commercially produced medications."
Like that matters and the cop that did it is being charged with murder
"Yep, and your a horrible person because all laws are sacred TIL I am a criminal..."
"Yes, because Battlefield 1942, Battlefield Vietnam, and Battlefield 2 were so fast paced! You must have missed out on all the previous battlefield titles as well."
Probably Zephyr April 12th Maintenance
"yes, acceleration is fine, pros can react accordingly and stuff. Steel gets fucked by a ghost"
"But there's still 3% that don't, so until that happens, the verdict's still out! 97% of scientists believe climate change is caused by humans, study finds"
"Hey I have a great idea, how about making them wear bands on their shoulder with the cresent and star? Donald Trump's team 'discussing plans for Muslim registration system'"
Rejack which specialist do you think is the most used ? which specialist do you think is the most used ?
[M] Too bad you're not recognized by them. You are recognized by Kurdistan.
"No, he's saying no to bread as in don't be a loaf of bread because that would mean you wouldn't be smart because bread doesn't have a brain and that would mean he's stupid. It's breed you moron."
"But the Commandante, Socialism, and Che... Venezuela: a land of political killings and gang turf wars - Telegraph"
"I mean if you can't afford a Ferrari by your second paycheck you should probably rethink your whole life, right? What an ignorant statement. You're telling them they should re-think their careers because they want a cheaper product than a quadro system? I mean, what an asshate thing to say lol"
"Yep, I'm sure the media will pick this story right up It'll be more valuable to brag about it though."
Maybe we need a slimeball coach who only cares about winning It's also likely why we lost him.
When the rain comes you're gonna look really stupid... This is literally the dumbest fucking thing I have ever seen.
**EVERYTHING** Duh. What do dreads and yoga have to do with sunflowers?
oh you mean the massive bloated contract that is going to screw our team over for the next 5 years? The Romo contract is looking better every time a QB signs a contract after he did.
I don't get why we need a whole reply to point out sarcasm... but that's just me Because sarcasm.
THANKS REFS FOR FUCKING UP ANOTHER ONE! New York Rangers at Washington Capitals - Game 7 Thread - 8 PM EST
"Don't make fun of him dude, just look at ALL the facts and you'll see he's obviously right &lt;grow some mimds"
That's just insanity. Or they could cater to the teams who are actually playing.
"you're poor because you're lazy! Stop paying for cable. Instead of watching American Idol or Lost, sign up for some evening courses. Get a better job. Make more money."
"Duh, if you live in religion central, why go out of your way to do it on the weekends as well? Israel among the least religious countries in the world"
One of the signs that manufacturing is coming back any day now. U.S. Steel Canada set to put Hamilton and Nanticoke plants up for sale again
"Two brilliant creators of culture exchange poignant thoughts, awe the public with their insight. Phil Lord, director of 21 Jumpstreet, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and son of a Cuban refugee, writes an open letter in response to Jay Z."
"It is sad that the people of both countries also think otherwise. Pakistan is more natural brother to India than China. It is sad that its leaders think otherwise. Glad that things are coming together. Hope ""hate"" people on both sides realize this and move on from cold war era politics."
"You know, that gets funnier everytime you say it. a BoJack Horseman comment in a Steven Universe thread. what is this? a cross over episode?"
"But all Muslims can speak for each other, right? That wasn't OP."
Came here to say this ^ This shit.
"Never would have guessed Australia would be more restrictive than the US The TGA is Australia is generally a lot stricter in comparison to the FDA, not too sure about elsewhere."
"Damn, imagine what he'll look like a few years down the line when he's in his early twenties! Jeffy looking thick"
RIGHT WING CONSPIRACIES. State Department Audit Faults Clinton
"Woa hold on, it's not like he knew about the secret email system in his office or anything! He did have a scandal, he had his staff illegally working on his campaign while they were supposed to be working for the people of Milwaukee."
"...but then you can feel all self righteous and superior to Americans when you brag condescendingly about your NHS and *free* healthcare and your *free* education and *free* affordable housing and your *free* everything, isn't that worth every penny? I'm from the UK, this really annoyed me when I got it through. Why is 25% of my tax being spent benefits? I wish there was an option where I could elect where it goes."
"Thats because they are all to busy doing ""world pvp"" outside kara battlegrounds unplayable at horde side 15 mins queue played 3 games and lost all...wasted 2 hours sigh..."
"Right, because being afk at Roraii takes sooooo much more attention and skill. Well duh doy! Skilling is practically AFK, if it made money everyone would do it and therefore it would no longer make money."
"Nonchalantly throw a blanket at her and say ""let there be warmth!"" so what *are* guys supposed to say, and why?"
come on guys theyre just doing Jackass isis style lmao Just a picture of a gay man thrown from the rooftop and stoned to death as Quran orders. Nothing else. PROGRESSIVES SUPPORT AND RESPECT THESE VALUES.
"buddy, I guess my sarcasm didn't translate in that last post."
"Fellow Michigander here, prepare for summer fun next week, followed up by white-out conditions and subzero temperatures with a windchill of -30F the week after :-). *insert political statement here*....I kid, you're good man. gotta love one another. I live in Michigan, where the state can't decide on what season it's in."
"No way dude fuck that you should be aiming for 250k Graduating this semester, took a job offer for 65k. I'm getting the impression this is a low salaru from this subreddit. I only have a 2.9 GPA, 3.2 in CS related courses (slacked off really badly) so I left that off my resume in the job search. I have about 2 years experience doing CS related research + development so that was helpful. I know how to code but obviously based on my academics I'm not top notch on algorithms and stuff that would help me ace an interview at a top 4 company. What are people making out of college? I live in a relatively rural area where the cost of living is pretty cheap (1k a month for a decent apt with utilities)."
"SOUNDS LIKE A COUNTRY OF PUSSIES AND QUEERS Costa Rica has made a choice between military spending and land conservation. The country no longer has an army. It prefers to devote its resources to education, ecotourism, and the protection of its primary resources."
I thought every article even remotely related to space or rocketry must mention SpaceX. Probably because this article is about SLS and not SpaceX...
"I don't knowif I can live in a world like that That's the most known pesto, but if you visit Italy you'll see its one of those terms that is misunderstood in North America. There are traditional pestos made with all sorts of things like bell peppers, almonds, tomatoes, etc. Just like ""bruschetta"" which Americans interpret to mean a condiment of chopped fresh tomatoes, but really it just means a small open faced sandwich. It might have just garlic rubbed on it, or the common tomato salad, or t might have white beans or fish or prosciutto or anything else on it."
"You should start some legislation to prevent those feelings of fear! OP, those kind of people scare me. Like, ""They are going to shoot up the office, one day"" scary."
haha The tank must go on!
"Brees! I honestly don't know why any of you people make these dumb threads about players who are always injured. First Arian Foster (retired), now Tony Romo. Seriously people? How about a player who plays more games than watches from the sidelines. Let's be realistic here..."
"Apparently this needed a These so called ""experts"" are nothing but agents of liberal propaganda."
"Isn't bingo starting soon, grandpa? As an iPod Classic fan, I don't even"
"I'm on it. Exactly. And yes, it's actually nice having a somewhat thoughtful, and civil discussion. Can't wait till the people who always downvote me come in and downvote all 20 posts here though haha."
"I'm sorry to offend you, Satan I don't like platformers. Careful with such generalizations."
"No this just proves his point even more.... Before he could even finish filming his intro to this video, he had black people behind the camera waiting for them to get the fuck out of the way so they could smash that car to pieces. Proof Joey Salads faked his latest race baiting (Trump car) video"
"But it's satire! A Serbian film. Oh god, why?"
Southern ingenuity at its best! Alabama State Senator Paul Sanford has come up with a way to make up for the $300 million dollar budget shortfall: a GoFundMe account.
"Eternal damnation and torture is fine as long as I'm not in the same real as Justin Bieber! ""I wanna beat people who don't like this band"""
"Just add sphere break! Blitzball in FFXIV not confirmed but ""Would be cool to consider"" - Kitase"
"Yeah so lame, they should be in full combat gear and body slamming 12 year olds... not relaxing. fucking lame"
"Deck list pls? been playing since before naxx and I have to say that history repeats itself. Every meta gets stale, regardless of expansions. There are a few exciting weeks where no one knows what to play, but once some of the top players make their decks and everyone else net decks it and you have a ladder full of the same shit over and over. Everyone tryhards so there is very few people that innovate on their own. My suggestion is to just play the game for fun and not worry about laddering high. Enjoy making some decks and playing something original. I made my own tempo rogue to try to counter the meta this month and I have had more fun playing it than any meta decks for quite some time."
"El banter What's the Spanish word for ""banter"""
Too bad people have that pesky Constitutional right to freely associate with each other. Im just saying I would like to see it be illegal for money to exchange hands for either party and pretty universally.
"So, what did you think of Mad Men? Brooding, so much brooding. Wake up in the morning, start brooding. Brood some more over breakfast. Get to work and stare out a window while brooding. Maybe go to happy hour after work to brood some more while staring at a fine scotch. Ignore the ridiculous hot woman who's trying like hell to get into your pants because you want to keep brooding. Then go home and finish up a fine day of brooding by doing it some more by a fireplace. A male character can be complex, deep, whatever without brooding all the damn time."
"actually was about motivating overweight people - it helped them. I have been here for years every day and I have never seen that subreddit invade any other subreddit to tell their targets to ""go kill themselves"". In the month before the banning I havent seen a single day where FPH *didnt* invade any other subreddit to tell their targets to ""go kill themselves"". If you fail to see the problem here I really wonder how you have the mental capacity to even breathe."
"Great job making a totally unfounded assumption! Well a lot of these guys have the mental capacity of 5th graders, so it makes sense."
"Yea that's probably why the vote went the way it did And it's McCain and Graham, ""real"" Republicans, who are most loudly calling him a fucktard. Romney could've swiped at least a few would-be Ron Paul voters if he just pretended like he was on the right side of some of the civil liberties issues. He didn't. Why not? Because his party overwhelmingly has no problem with this stuff. I'd be willing to bet liberals are harder on Obama about this stuff than the GOP is, even though they're against everything else he does."
"Players shouldn't be allowed to pray to their respective Gods on national television either! IOC will send a letter complaining about Neymar's ""100% Jesus"" band"
a little Does eating a cow make you a cow?
maybe its eli crazy to think that sterling shepard might also become a great WR
"Apparently, not all that straight. Damn straight... Errr"
"Summer casual, to be precise. ""I wasn't being SERIOUS when I answered them."" ""Oh... so you just *casually* think that gay marriage should be illegal?"""
"Enough to give every person on the planet $22 million I don't think you quite grasp how much money $160,000,000,000 is."
"Yeah anyone who calls for nonviolent protests secretly wants there to be no protests at all. When frail white America demands that minorities protest ""more peacefully"", they actually mean ""silently *and* invisibly""."
"Yes, because cops can't be human... Burn them all! Police @ Sexshop"
Ive never heard that joke before Even if they speak English the won't understand him.
Microsoft's just being a bro here and letting people know how insecure Internet Explorer is... Microsoft hits a new low -- sneaks Windows 10 advertising into an Internet Explorer security patch
"Yes because that's worked before right? If a culture arises in which disparaging ideas about women become shunned or unacceptable as a result of this awareness, rapes will be reduced."
"You're right, guys have it really hard. When people make fun of guys' appearances. Pointing out they are balding or have acne. For some reason it's not ok to do to girls but perfectly ok to do to guys."
"Hey either we win, or we all lose together, its only fair Well, if you call global nuclear winter and almost everyone dead winning."
Good thing they're praying for the child. Cop gets canned after shooting her own 11-year-old daughter at a Halloween party
To counter Heimer who heals turrets! I think in season 1 he even had a different more useless passive that gave bonus damage to towers.
"He's just angry over the occupation. US rapper downplays Holocaust, suggests listeners read David Irving"
Yea we just shouldn't even bother since it probably won't work. a dinky ass shoulder mounted rocket launcher is going to do fuck all if a transport plane is bearing down on you.
"Wouldn't you just love to live in the wild wild west? I was reading that story earlier and the comments were maddening. The amount of posts talking about how we should get rid of gun free zones and and start arming school staff is insane. Thats the only solution a lot of these gun nuts (different than gun owners, many of whom I believe are sensible) ever offer: more guns. Clearly, the best response to gun violence is simply arming everybody 24/7, especially in places like schools."
Your telling me Australians don't want to play on my U.S East connection? Maybe some asian servers? Been playing from Malaysia and it's a pain constantly having 100-300ms connecting to servers in either Oceania or US.
"No dude, I am so much more inconvenienced by these posts than the people with the disabilities Am I the only one annoyed by all these colorblind posts?"
"So that must be why microsoft bought rare? Or, to put it more bluntly, Microsoft decided to attempt to kill the PC market and in the process of doing so decided to shut down perfectly fine companies that made great games."
So you're saying new housing is going to open up soon. Former SF public defender stabbed to death at her SF home
Maybe he wants Hillary to pick Elizabeth so he can run for her seat in a Special Election! Does Brown want to lose to a woman thrice?
"Dabu campaigning like a Second Chance hopeful right now This seems like a lame idea for a thread to me, basically turning it into a popularity contest. This community is made up of hundreds of active people, with thousands and thousands of subscribers. No one or few posters could make it the solid fan forum that it is, so placing any on a pedestal as the ""best"" doesn't seem too cool to me, and I think it's self-explanatory why just posting ""Hey guys, who do you hate??"" isn't really conducive to anything good."
"Can't escape the matriarchy. Most of which still cost money, and even if they were free, you're still being used."
Authentic Italian workers! Trump vineyard asks to have more foreign workers: report
"Bow and pray to the Koch Brothers, you useful idiot! I love being poor and worshipping the rich."
Fucking refugees Photo of Switzerland. Muslims....muslims everywhere.
"Obviously, an expression of love. 365 Days of Penis"
"I thought IT was about shuttling pulses of data around. IT was about states rights! Yea, your state's right to have slaves!"
Wasn't stabilized on the way down very well. Just confirmed that the Karma Grip can survive getting drenched in snow/me tripping while running
Good thing competetive disables that option How do people even play with that large of an fov
"ghost is heavier, so it's at the bottom. Ghost Rare Honest in any light deck. I can draw into it when it's any other edition however.... 3spooky5me"
sono in parte neri Cosa ti hanno fatto di male i biscotti?
"Will look good on my IS-4 with full camo crew and gold paintjob. Meanwhile at WGEU, we can get a camo net.... yup, a whole camo net."
More checkmarks means its more better. Automatic vs coordinated with checkmark.. What does that even mean?
Yeah but the medicine will just fix it. This kills the liver.
"Oh, but don't you know u/Kittenismybaby that God *does* give us free will, but with his omniscience he also knows all possible outcomes from what we may decide to do and magically nudges and adjusts things - in ways we can't even really see or understand - toward particular outcomes based on what choices we have made. What I don't understand is if they believe in God giving people free will, it makes this whole, ""god's in control of your life"" idea crumble. If they don't believe in free will then they would have to acknowledge people don't deserve to be in Hell, because God made them sin. ...Their own thought process argues their ideology."
"Nah, league is rigged. officials being consistent this game which is the most we as fans can hope for"
"Yeah I agree with this sub, fuck you for being born later I was born in 2001 and I loved Fairly Odd Parents growing up"
No Would you do her too?
He's hurt. I hope he does. Akers makes me facepalm so hard.. Whered his leg go??
"Shhhh....because it isn't supposed to be ""fun"", MMOs are serious business I am sorry that people who aren't you having fun is so offensive."
How can you guys question the judgement of a man with neck tattoos? Lewis Spears reviewing a 'prank' which is basically child abuse...
well they did mention his delegates supporting her in the spirit of unity Not one mention of anything regarding Bernie Sanders.
"Ahh yes, very funny and original I call bullshit. How can anything be up in Aus, when everything is down-under?"
"This will change everything, I guarantee you that. How to be a Patriot"
Weeds a PED apprently Rush is 100% baked of his tree!
How many women have been to the moon? Fucking sexist
"Phew, that deck was really looking OP. Randomly hoses the entire [[assault formation]] deck."
"JPMorgan blew it up to protect the manipulation, duh. Asteroid mining company Planetary Resources had its first mission and spacecraft destroyed in Antares Rocket Explosion."
No this is great advice YOU'RE wrong die scum... That's horrible advice. You're wrong.
"But how did you find the time not to drink? As far as I'm concerned, the biggest saving came from the booze. I had no idea a couple of beers here, a glass of wine there would pile up to thousands of kcal at the end of the week. Cutting alcohol from my ""diet"" not only saved me a heap of cash, but I also started losing weight immediately without changing much to my food. Not to mention the shitload of good things that happen to your mind and body when you stop drinking, even a little. (granted, I used to drink more than ""a little"")."
"""George Boner"" get it ahahhahahah this guy is so funny! Intellectual badass doesnt follow god, only GEORGE CARLIN"
"Check your white cishet privilege Because the black announcer has to support the black wrestlers, or vince thinks it's racist. Which in itself is racist. Am I racist for saying that?"
"Definitely the funniest thing in this sub Prisoner 42. Prisoner 42 is a docu-drama short about the conflicts that shaped how many in my generation view the universe we live in. If it speaks to you, please share it with as many of your own friends and family."
Yes lets encourage this kind of behavior Just buy another game and play again
"Adderall. Yep, I understand this. However, in order to retain material better, id like to be fully engaged."
"Damn you're English and logic makes so much sense, no one could ever be smarter than you have your ever thought more thc = better high i haven't i would rather a nice high then a composed high tbf but well done for creating something that could prenatally lead to the first od of weed."
"And the tropius! And the joltik, and the swablu... so many hidden pokemon here!"
"Yeah, New kids on the block were so much better The shit kids listen to these days ..."
I miss Oki Diner on Kauai. Why is there no recommended local or traditional hawaiian restaurants in the wiki?
"Tell me your story, I waiting with baited breath. Tool. Lol. That isnt awesome."
"Does he also refer to Caucasian rookies as ""athletes"" and African-Americans as ""machines"" and ""animals""? Constantly comparing black wrestlers to only black athletes certainly makes him a douchebag."
"Nice try IRS, It is a matter of time before Ted Cruz becomes president. IRS Urges Americans: Come Clean Now, Before We Read Panama Papers"
That's why it's a prototype I've never been able to follow it.. sometimes it just straight up disappears. Eventually it just gets lost and isn't to be found anywhere.
"Well, to be fair, all us heathens actually believe in god/Jesus/ghosty deep down, but we're just angry and so we selfishly deny him. ""Oh oh wait. One of my students is like totally an atheist or Buddhist or some shit like that and they want to sing bout Jesus, so therefore everyone wants to do it and you're just being jerks!"" Direct(ish) quote from that article."
A blowtorch How can I fix this bent leg without breaking it?
Yea no way this guy is a top centre in the league right? Toews scores his 2nd OT GWG in a row with a gorgeous top corner snipe
That's why he's been doing sooo badly Yeah but most of them are cowards and know their rhetoric won't work. Then you have Trump who knows his rhetoric is extreme and has no idea if it'll work or not.
"Gadver was een genuanceerde punten allemaal, dat hoort toch niet thuis in een discussie 15 dingen om te onthouden in het Zwarte Pietendebat"
"But at least you'd be enjoying the high living standards in Somalia. IRS taxes all U.S. citizens, no matter where they live. You can renounce your U.S. citizenship to avoid taxes, but then: (1) any property you own (even jointly) in the U.S. will be confiscated and (2) you will never again be allowed to set foot in the U.S."
What a shame (USA) The Blue Wall - Why the Democrats have a Mathematical Edge in the General Election
"It's the price we pay to live in a civilized society. Innocent taxpayers to pay $100,000 whether they like it or not*"
"Cheap ass French TIL the ""skin"" on the Statute of Liberty is only 2.4mm thick. About the thickness of two pennies."
"##**I DON'T READ COMICS...I READ GRAPHIC NOVELS** *extends pinky* Does anybody here not consider themselves a nerd? If so, how would you describe your relationship with comicbooks? How would your friends/family describe your relationship with comicbooks? What are you reading? What keeps you from being a nerd?"
This would have been so much worse if they had been shot with a firearm. Toronto - Three people shot dead with crossbow.
"What's the point of getting promoted if you can't bang subordinates? this is why we have fraternization training every year. People like OP, who just graduated BLC, just don't get it."
"Hmmm the r7 250x is an alright choice for that price bracket, but if I were you I'd save a bit of money and go for 3x SLI 980ti's. Another shitty upgrade post"
Looks like I do have the qualifications to become a rockstar developer When you can't use Git properly
"You have to give the daughters parents 3 horses and a bow and arrow before you can have a relationship. My parents would kill me if they found out, but that's because it's a taboo among Indians."
"What are you talking about the gust bellows are the worst item in the game. ""The best item in the gameeeeee!"" He might actually be right. Gust Bellows is overpowered."
"This is definitely the kind of comment I'm looking for in nsfw subreddit threads. You are a fantasy I love to indulge in, a shame thats all you'll ever be to me. Thanks for the dreams"
But it all goes back to Riot in the form of fines CLG also makes money in the LCS
"I can't help with the security check aspect, but I am pretty sure that there is no check for basic road knowledge or driving skill. Question about taxis and other private hire services. I was wondering if anyone knows much about vetting and security checks for private hire drivers. I'm assuming that the City of Calgary- as the licensing authority for taxi drivers- also runs a series of background checks on applicants before issuing them with a licence; that seems to be fairly standard practice. I'm more *concerned* about the firms that provide a driver to take you and your car home. On the face of it that looks like a great idea- saves risking an arrest and you don't have to pick your car up after- however I wonder whether they're subject to the same sort of background checks. I ask because I know someone who has just started working for one of these companies, but who had his regular driving licence suspended for a year due to an ongoing medical condition. I know his licence was recently reissued and that he's legally fine to drive his own vehicle as long as the condition is controlled by medication, but I wouldn't have thought that it would be OK for him to work as a private hire driver. Which makes me wonder the extent to which those drivers are checked. Is there any requirement for them to have anything other than a basic private driving licence? My best guess would be that because you hire the services of a driver but not a vehicle they don't fall into a category that legally needs background checks. Can anyone confirm one way or the other? I'm sure most of those companies do a great job and are perfectly safe and I see the advantages of using that sort of service, but I wonder whether there's an added element of potential risk that wouldn't be there if I ordered a taxi instead. Apologies for going on for so long, but I wanted to make it as clear as possible what I was talking about. Thanks."
"shorten the season 2 games carry a lot more weight when you only play 38 in the regular season. Just like in college football - there are absolutely massive rivalries over games that happen once a year, but that game is 1/12th of a regular season."
Well hey if the wife stayed pregnant at least he wouldn't have had to share his 6-pack. Life is over meaning you would keep it ? No adoption/abortion?
When will women learn to take responsibility for their actions and just cover up; men just can't control themselves! That is why she is pregnant in the first place! Shoulders cause children!
"Wow the Oilers won something! Poor Columbus.... First Round draft pick goes to the Oilers, again."
"Everybody should be allowed to invest their retirement savings in bitcoin, CMV! Brave Libertarian views taxes as theft and wants abolish social security. Want you to change his view of it."
"The issue is Android is superior to all other phones(especially Apple). I love itunes, now sure what the issue is"
YOUR WRONG SO I'M DOWNVOTING YOU Kakashi was hokage before tsunade? I forgot this part?
"No gay man has ever dated a woman in order to avoid coming out of the closet, or because they're not totally sure of their own sexuality before. Only she can define herself! Saying you aren't a lesbian if you date men is disgusting and panphobic"
damnit* dammit*
"Who gives a shit about this kid when there's karma to be had? So instead of your child being raised thinking you are awesome, fun people who lived great lives, you will put on a dog and pony show to be as boring as possible, and lead your kid to believe boring is better, all in an effort to play a practical joke that will take 10+ years to pay off. Just wanted to make that clear. Sounds like a solid plan! Instead of college, you can start a therapy fund today to go along with it."
"Well, someone's gotta pay the rent. can't believe pete tong actually did the voiceover for this"
Du mangler lige Casino Royale var da en yderst god film. Fjollede Jesper.
yeah thanks for your help... after turning off windows defender windows is way better now
"Ya know, cause everyone else in this thread is a medical professional. Self diagnosis is fail."
"Great job Nintendo, this definitely helps with the stock issue They said in the leaked memo that they won't be resupplied, so this does align."
"Nope, cartoon you elitist. Blatantly anime"
I thought Zelda was a guy. A Link to my Pants (r/nsfw_gif)
"Better do as you're told Ameripigs, or else ... Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war"
"chloroform How do you deal with crushes on straight guys? I have crushes on various straight guus from time to time, and as I'm super depressed I tend to latch onto them. I find myself wishing it would turn out like in so many stories. How do you deal with wanting what you probably can't have?"
Intelligent Design CONFIRMED That level of evolution (four eyes) escalated quickly
"You could always make a new universal package manager I'm sure yours will get picked up and solve the fragmentation problem :^)))) I am an Android Developer, and I want to contribute to the Ubuntu community. Hello r/ubuntu I have been developing Android Apps for my college for the past 2 years. I have always wanted to contribute to the ubuntu/linux community. Should I create a new App, or contribute to some project that needs assistance. I need help deciding how I should go about this. Thanks!"
"Can't be supporting his wife, this must be it! Bill wants to keep Hillary busy just so he can spend more time with his current mistress, Julie Tabor McMahon."
which is why thousands of european children die year due to eating the kinder egg whole... I think (I could be wrong) that it's due to the small pieces on the toy. They pose a choking hazard.
"But the title blames leftists... so it's your fault. from someone that leans slightly left, jesus fucking christ. I don't know what's more annoying, the altercation by these two idiots itself (the couple), or the sound of her voice..."
"I don't believe you... Where? I have no idea how this works, but if you stare at the image for 5 minutes, you can see a waterfall in the background"
Horray for Tankcraft! That one guy who snowballs
".5% chance of sending you mom to jail, totally worth it for some weed! There is probably around a 99.5% chance that a jacket in a box in the mail with a tiny bit of weed in the pocket would just arrive at its intended location."
"My team lost, but at least I'm 3 - 0 at the end of the game and got 500 Points. Trying to be MLG snipers lol. So annoying. Their team lost pretty badly because half of them would just keep going back up there to snipe."
"Cause everyone can just suck it up and make Depression go away right? everything can work out fine if you move out, but your mother will most likely not be happier knowing her child is out there somewhere, doing god knows what with god knows who. you'd be better off sucking up the depression, stop acting crazy, and live happily ever after"
Are you trying to say that maybe he belongs to a certain ethnic group? Does anyone else find it amusing that she got into a fight with a guy named Goldstein?
Yeah man better go vote for Hillary now all is lost So disappointing.
"You forgot the You obviously haven't thought this through. Harper's plan is to turn us into a third world country wholly dependent on selling off our resources to first world countries. The workers in question are expected to become indentured laborers like all good third world citizens who want to move somewhere because of work. After all, how else are you supposed to maintain an ever-widening income disparity?"
"That doesn't sound like an overblown hyperbole what so ever. Because it's tacky to continually go ""#1 ALL-NEW BRAND NEW NEW AVENGERS 1.INH"" every six months just because #1 issues sell better. If Marvel keeps milking the interest of people who don't realize that #1 doesn't really mean anything anymore (even as a ""jumping-on"" point it leaves a lot to be desired, since writers are under no obligation to actually make it a good #1 issue), eventually every issue will just be NUMBER-ONE AVENGERS #1 VOL. 58 followed by NUMBER-ONE AVENGERS #1 VOL. 59 (in two weeks, since they're triple-shipping Number-One Avengers to crowd out non-Marvel books from pull lists.)"
"The homeless could watch, like Coogan's Bluff. That works be awesome if they did build an outdoor amphitheatre downtown"
Yes because with only 2 candidates it's totally not a circus. You saw how well that worked for the GOP during their primary. Too many candidates sharing the stage turns the election into a circus.
"the true horror experience, starring the wormbilly What the hell am I looking at"
So thats what PhantomLord has been up to Steam got hacked by Phantom Squad
I know I buy all my expensive legacy staples off craigslist... Can we all get on the same page and collectively agree that Legacy is actually dying now?
Some people just don't get the importance of sports So what happened to the asshole who permanently maimed someone over a high school football game?
"Yes, because running void missions to sell prime parts for plat requires me using my real money. Oh boy a solution to actually playing the game is to spend $$ to combat the RNG! What a great solution to this problem that shouldn't exist!"
THEY STOLE ALL THEIR SONGS FUCK THEM Led zeppelin?
Maybe we should set quotas and hire based on gender instead of ability When will CSGO be gender neutral? Just wanted to start this discussion. When do you guys think that CSGO teams would just be teams and base a player around their individual skill so a female could join NiP or Cloud9? Or possibly the other way around?
"Don't say that, that would be disrespectful to the Bible by coming first Flood myths were also around for donkey's years before the bible's version of it."
"Yes, because millenials are the first generation to think genital humor is funny. I don't get it. Must be millennial humor."
"Yes, but they're all cis white misogynist shitlord sockpuppets. Man actually seeing names and faces of people calling her out restores my faith in the average person. It's really nice to see."
Internet never forgive... Super sorry for making a mistake on the internet.
Repost Bardot
"Do you mean to tell me an armed insurrection who's entire political platform is ""We live pretty well, yeah, but we must have the right to unrestricted violence"" *won't* be able to maintain popular domestic and international support, both material and ideological? think of every single armed insurrection in recent memory. all have required arms from outside in order to compete with the state."
Obviously this is the oppression of the castilians Unvaccinated Six Year Old Boy Diagnosed With Diphtheria In Catalonia Dies | The Spain Report
God dammit gay marriage! TIL that there is a new way humans will become extinct: the extinction of men (as a gender)
"But I thought GG ""invented"" the sjw term LOL. Randi Harper was talking about SJWs before Gamergate."
"but were you behind 9 proxies? technically i was on 3 different internet connections, on 5 different machines. im in IT and still at work."
"Uh-huh, so manly (I feel like a beta, oh noes), much wow, gives ALL da ginas tingles, and he isn't a delusional ~~45~~ 15 year old writing porn, nope, not at all. Lol this guy. So mature he gets all of the 25 year old women at the age of 45 and then writes essentially erotica to 15 year old girls on the internet to prove how great his life is. So mature. Many manly."
she looks a lot older than 4 months Glad my 4 month old could keep us both warm.
"EnglishTM, the only language that matters! Because Luna is the name of our natural satellite. Saying that Saturn has 'lunas' is (AFAIK) inaccurate."
Because weed is a performance enhancing drug. This is an outstanding athlete who has never failed to qualify for a sporting competition due to drugging of any kind. Why are all the comments here talking about his use of cannabis? How is that even relevant? He's a great swimmer. Let him swim.
You mean winter isn't 15mm of snow falling over half an hour on that one day in November? That's cause British Colombia doesn't have real winter.
"You 47% freeloading bastard! No, I had my uncle pay for it. Uncle Sam. GI Bill. 22 years (and counting) service."
"Oh, I'm so surprised... Shocked, really ... 'Country X': WikiLeaks reveals NSA recording 'nearly all' phone calls in Afghanistan"
"All that to get away from the French Last winter two bodies were found in Norway and the Netherlands. They were wearing identical wetsuits. The police in three countries were involved in the case, but never managed to identify them. This is the story of who they were."
"Wait, you don't think a meat dagger is a plausible way to commit murder? Couldn't be worse than his deducting skills."
"No, that's why there are only few posts about the servers being down here. PoE Crash Did PoE crash? Guess it's to be expected from a new league"
thank goodness we brought our depth out USMNT starting XI vs Bolivia
It's a synergy between Fistula and Monstro This isn't a synergy
"Bring back 11th elixir Oh okay, and you have an example of an 11 elixir troop. How would that work?"
Like if the jags have a line to run. He's better than Toby Gerhart I would imagine.
What a surprise! Cowboys Fan Knocks Out Eagles Fan at AT&amp;T Stadium
"Being tall Having strawberry blonde hair Calling it strawberry blonde Not cursing Having actual curves/puberty before everyone else Using lotion Glasses Wearing tasteful stripes Straightening my hair cause everyone knows I have curly hair- I mean why did I try to hide it? What's the stupidest thing you've been made fun of for? For some reason the memory of when I was about 12, telling my friends how to get somewhere, just popped into my head. I told them something like ""Go north for two blocks, turn west onto Main Street, and it's on the right hand side"". They made fun of me for the (very accurate) way I gave them directions. So, what stupid things have you been made fun of for?"
"Well obviously you're doing reddit wrong. Hey I upvoted your comment containing your opinion, even though I do not agree with it, because I respect your right to do so. Interesting point of view sir."
"Yeah he should just pm Vladimir Putin on facebook. Says the guy who flew a massive personal jet across a continent to stand in snow and warning us about having to make sacrifices to combat climate change. And this message couldn't have been delivered from the White House? I'll start doing more when those telling me this is a problem start acting like it. With today's technology there is little to no reason for our leaders to travel, especially when he has the government's checkbook to make sure he has any of that technology he needs."
"Every person is a Muslim, it's just that most don't know it yet! Yes, all 2 billion. All 4 billion Muslims want to murder Jews. Don't you know there are over 7 BILLION Muslims ??"
"omg stop harassing her Playing Devils Advocate here, but That's funny coming from someone who posts on GirlGamers and AgainstMensRights"
Belesky was a bust Game Thread: Bruins at Maple Leafs - 7:00pm Game Thread for the Bruins/Maple Leafs Game
PLAY THE GAME RIGHT. Not a regular here but this dance after a Josh Harrison home run made me chuckle. Starts around
"Meh it will grow back, grass on my lawn does! What's give or take half a great barrier reef here or there? :P"
"Yeah, there are so many male protagonists that that doesn't apply to at all. We are bombarded by sexual innuendo 24/7 it's nice to have some respite and with so few strong female protagonists the choice to sexualize is even more unwanted and ill advised. I'd suggest going outside a bit if you find you need more sex appeal in your gaming."
"Mega Blocks cause they're just as good as Legos. What's a good off brand item that's just like the ""real"" thing?"
"Yeah, normal mm is for tards No ranked (yet) though."
"Right, that simply never happens in the INFJ forum either. I haven't looked- but I'm guessing that only the INTJ sub has drama about folks illegitimately masquerading as their MTBI type. :)"
That's so relevant In DOTA the newest champion has 29 AD..
"Yes, because putting yourself and others (those in the car with you) at higher risk of accident is worth a minute of travel time. Or we just like to get places quicker..."
"you cant say that , Thoorin said it is a bad map. I was hesitant to admit it, but cbble has become a great map I'm sure almost everyone can recall the horrors of the old de_cbble. The map was the size of a small country, and it was impossible to take sites because of the thousands of corners and hiding spots the CTs could be lurking in. But after practicing cbble this week in preparation of my team's CEVO match, I have realized how great this map has become. I let dust2 corrupt my views of what a balanced map should feel like. Any map that was supposedly ""balanced"" I disregarded. However, the new cbble is balanced, and not in a way that feels artificial and annoying. It is also conductive to most playstyles, with rushes being perfectly viable. Slow, methodical teamplay is also perfectly viable on this map, and there is huge potential for smoke executes and fakes that would make any IGL splooge. I have to say that in the past week, this map has become my most dreaded to my current favorite, and is definitely worthy of its spot in the current competitive map pool. TL;DR: Give cbble a shot, I bet you'll like it"
"WTF, this isn't a pile of boxes Hoorah, I've finally ascended!"
Because remembering one number is totally the same as remembering the ball flight of all of your opponents shots. How can you track people's scores but not their ball flights?!
Obviously they're using cloaking technology. Hillary Clinton Did Not Wear An Earpiece: Here Are Close-Up Pictures To Prove It
"Chobra should have been doa, monte and someone else"
But abstinence only education is super effective some people would consider this similar to modern day abortion.
"Yeah because there is so much activity in this sub that it is impossible to look through the 20 posts made every day. Can we just have a weekly thread where people can post petitions they support? Getting tired of seeing ""New petition to..."" all the time."
"Hopefully, we can drive the other titan in the most epic vehicle fight ever. honestly I doubt were going to go with him head to head. I always envisioned awakening some Titan with similar powers to rival Sargeras, and then assisting them on the ground while they duke it out."
"It is the way we say it. ""ago"" can never be a single syllable."
"Yea, that completely justifies everything it has going for it And its fucking repair cost."
Because not all Japanese companies who trades overseas are large multinational corporates. Okay. So can you explain how the trade policies in the TPP don't favour Japan ?
Oh I thought you where just a communist. It's World in Conflict collectors edition.
"srry Jews ...the EU forces us to do so. Either you accept millions of refugees, or you want to gas Jews, there is no alternative. It's well known."
user data going to the chinese government... Does anyone know what this Huawei Hidden Menu process is?
"If it wasn't important, would it be on my Facebook wall? That's because we have a generation of people who think there's always a battle to fight to give any meaning to their otherwise uneventful lives."
"""Clearly you must *not* be human, please use 'normal' measurements to fit our silly system"" ""Your measurements are out of range."" It I had a nickel for every time..."
"Hey, they did give a five-second penalty to Nasr, you can't forget that At least they are investigating something after this weekend..."
I can't write about the whole thing. Ahhhh - I have to go to a meeting - write about anything crazy that happens
"Wow, remember how the Wii failed to sell well because it had a weak GPU? Does it matter if the Switch is underpowered?"
Or union organizer. Someone else who has heard of Yum! Corporation? I'm assuming you've worked for TacoPizzaKFC before?
"Good thing this technology has a background in meticulous, peer reviewed science, otherwise it might be hard to believe. Anti-gravity technology discovered by a US defense contractor, but has since had the project funding cut to almost nothing and the researcher told not to disclose this discovery. This happened 7 years ago. Almost no one noticed."
My bad - How so?
That sure is a knee slapper What's the hardest part about voting for Donald Trump?
"More small, unobtrusive government that respects the liberty of the individual. Wis GOP Bill Would Give Mother-In-Law Power to Stop a Daughter-In-Law's Abortion"
"I'm glad our country's lawmakers are so knowledgeable about what they make laws prohibiting. A law passed in Florida earlier this year, to fight illegal gambling at Internet cafes, is worded in such a way that it might allow for a ban of all smartphones and computers in the state."
"Because Ted Cruz is of course so liberal on immigration! Trump is the only one who doesn't support open borders, and opposes engagement in foreign wars. He's also very good at getting popular support. Hillary Clinton loves war, generally has a bad track record, and is extremely hostile to conservatives. I don't take any of the other candidates very seriously."
"Yeah, the color palette of the hero doesn't seem bright enough! ""Glad that they're sticking with only black or dark gray like batman said he does"" -My dog."
"But they're New Yorkers Very off-topic here, but I don't think people in the Netflix corner of the universe react realistically to the discovery of aliens, gods and sentient robots. It might be because I'm a legit nutjob, but I would freak the fuck out, I'd totally turn my life 180 degrees, in case I saw aliens ripping a hole through space. The characters in New York know about it, they talk about it, but they act like nothing happened, and that bothers me to no end."
Because their plans have made sense so far so they decided for a change of pace. Have I missed something? Why Belgium?
Good thing he wasn't good enough for Chelsea. Romelu Lukaku has 50 goals in 100 appearances for Everton
"FH2.. What's ""the crew""? Forza Horizon 2 vs. The Crew If you had to pick which would you chose? I want to pick one of them up as I haven't played a racing game in so long. When I first saw a trailer for The Crew I thought it looked like a really cool game. Now i'm not sure which one I want to buy. I'm hoping that I can get my hands on The Crew beta for Xbox One when it comes out."
"Well if you read it from Disqus chat it is totally true because Disqus chat is the most honest place on the internet, especially when it comes to CSGObetting. I read about this extension from the Disqus chat and the general opinion was that it's harmful and may steel your skins. Be careful!"
"If you win all of them you'll be lucky to get over rank 50 if you're not sponsored by an org Well, I've won the one placement match I've had time to do, so that makes me rank 100, right?"
"There's still Internet Explorer! Chrome Metro App. Hello All, This is a subject that has probably been mentioned before, (i search and no results came up), but I was wondering if you can still get Google Chrome to run in 'Metro Mode' on Windows 10. Thanks in advance."
Not Enough How many concussions have Crosby had? Yes
Honest character errbody Valle on some kind of PED.
You really should not go around putting stickers on other peoples cars. First time I've seen another Bernie bumper sticker to park next to. It's catching on.
"Finally, followed through on his apex promise My New Tournament Main - Zero"
What if you dropped it there and did it for karma? Literally just a few seconds after i finished the roof this happened. #christmas
Hahahha so funnny Sicko DPS Healers
Yes because having a fuckload of things makes people more inclined to buy them. That's a shame good thing I have 6 sets
"Yeah fuck poor people People who shop at the dollar store, have no right to complain or be outraged."
But BTC-E takes muh credit cards! Exchanges said they will be transparent and audited quarterly. The rest that dont that I hope they will be marginalized. We will see how it evolves. It is pretty straightforward to prove bitcoin reserves without a third party. For fiat an auditing firm can do that.
"Well there's a Reddit ""circlejerk"" about him so of course he must be terrible. I'm in no way attacking what you said, but just curious, what are some of the negatives of bernie sanders?"
"I'm sorry, but at least you got a 3tb hard drive and 16gb of ram ram. My pc was a pre-build I got through Best Buy. It came with a GT 520. Worse decision I'd made at the time."
*black men don't have dads* Why is this funny? For real I don't get it.
"Oh wait I forgot that friends grow on trees Q: what is the difference between going as 3-4 on HL and adding an extra or two? isnt team league simply ""Hero League, as 5""?"
"No dude, A3 is set waaay into the future. I know right. The majority of content in this game is based of of real world assets. Whether they are canceled projects, current prototypes or units used in other countries that not many people are fimiliar with."
"Of course, Israel and the US never do that. Hamas Admits to Intimidating Foreign Press into Biased, Anti-Israel Reporting"
"I don't see a problem with having just a bunch of gorgeous blonde, blue-eyed, hardworking people either. And the world was left with a bunch of gay-friendly religious people and atheists? Aside from the Romanian gypsies, which I don't think you have a legitimate link to, I don't see a problem with any of that."
"I think we might just look into each other's eyes and fall in love with each other, you don't meet the perfect woman every day after all You are to fight yourself in an Ancient-Roman style battle to the death. How do you win? You have all of the knowledge and skills of yourself up until the battle."
He probably didn't mean that because he doesn't want to play for us Hazard free kick goal vs Manchester City (4-1)
"Because FV obviously has the mana to cast two Chronos as well as Refresher. I prefer refresher, it seems to me 10 seconds of chrono is better than 6 seconds every 60."
"ah... Sure, but the wrong people took over Iran. They would have been better off under the shah."
Totally unrealistic crash damage..... Sega releases first Teaser Trailer for Daytona USA 3
Doesn't seem to be a problem now with CSGO Honestly I wouldn't want to team with someone that doesn't focus on a single game. I'm sure some pro's would agree.
Just start making porn decals if this kind of stuff won't get filtered out. My latest business venture (yes it got past the moderation team)
I think you forgot the They're patriots who's heartstrings vibrated to the tune of the Star-Spangled Banner despite having left the place at a very early age or lived there for a short time! Rossi however is a filthy traitor that left the great nation at the age of 12 and assuming he pledged allegiance to the flag every school day he must have done that about 1000 times before leaving. You can't pledge your allegiance a thousand times and then play for Italy.
We all know the real culprit... LEGAL COLORADO WEED Active shooter in Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood parking lot.
"How about the insanely controversial ""gayness"" tests on the anti-gay senators? Should we start drug testing Congress? I think yes. First we can weed out the hypocrites (pun intended) and secondly I think a lot of this batshit insanity and stupidity might be chemically induced."
It really is a mystery... And you wonder why she didn't like you...
Thanks iWatch! What are you talking about? The watch is in noway out of fashion.
If they would just start being better we wouldn't have this problem **Good**. We don't have a talentless o-line contrary to popular opinion. They need to play like football players.
"Uh, we have a black guy running for president too, isn't that enough for you? Speaking as a Black man, I have to say that I love the moves the GOP is making; Voter ID laws, gerrymandering, Real ID, banning and restricting polling days, curbing absentee voting e.t.c.....they are truly ready to welcome minorities into their party and usher in a new era"
And people think we will struggle to find someone after Benitez... Palermo appoint Alberto Malesani as their new manager. 25th manager since 2002.
"Yeah, that bastard. ...Codrum got all of the votes, didn't he."
"""man, I just have SO MUCH POWER... always flipping my destroyers forehand, I need WAY MORE STABILITY, definitely not cranking it"" Typo on the Innova disc holder box. I think some beginners are going to be confused when their flick shots aren't falling left..."
"Because it's impossible that someone could ever say one thing and do another, right? Rand stated that he is NOT a libertarian. He said that he is a republican. In other words, statist."
"nah, better wait until it falls to 20k Just logged onto MUT real quick to check my draft collectibles and saw the new pack. Purchased one and pulled a Jameis Winston base card!! Should I sell it immediately? It's going for about 100k."
You must be poor and not able to afford 5$ to buy a 3.5k account? Why am I only 2.5k?
Were getting System shock 3 so at least well get something... Maybe Half life 3 isnt far off Will we get a new game? Will the Lord save us of our misery? Find out tomorrow at *3*!
What's your job? I want him to do an AMA
Yeah a bunch of people shooting guns in a club would have saved lives If they had been carrying maybe they'd still be alive too. The bad guys will still get the weapons. This just makes it harder for people to defend themselves.
"Pay up and don't question, drone. How to overcome ""You cannot claim this city because you do not own some of the content used to create it""? I bought the Limited Edition of the 2013 SimCity game and played it for a while but got bored and moved along to other games but I never uninstalled or anything. Last weekend I fired it up again to launch one of my saved cities and got the title error message. WTH? I have never played it as multiplayer or with any other players, just always solo. Never bought any DLC so I never used any DLC. Did they take away something I already paid for and now want me to buy it again? I saved one city in its early foundation days with the road framework and utilities and starting zoning so I don't have to re-do that over and over (essentially a save point) and now I can't load it or any other saved city. A Google search turns up thousands of posts with this complaint but not a single solution. Any of you figure out how to load a saved city without this problem? Any help is appreciated."
"It's okay, we're covered by ""Dallas,"" which is nearby. We're larger than half of the cities, with better food. What gives Apple?"
"Glad I just bought it like a week ago. Making money with IS-6 is becoming hard. IS-3 buffed, impenetrable without gold frontally, now, a pseudo-maus impenetrable if angled. Seriously people, dont buy IS-6, every update it is becoming more and more obsolete. t34 ftw."
that's awesome it used to be so hard to kill people This bullet can change direction mid-air to track down its target
"yeah, this whole computer thing is just a fad and we will laugh in the future as we hand-write letters to each other about how stupid computers were! Dude. Without cursive writing we are no different than the animals."
Nah PC did that for you by taking us to triple OT. Thanks for letting us win HE then
"Yeah, because they're a broken family! it would be pretty ironic if it crashed into pieces."
"Yes, because Minnesota's problems started once Freeman came. I think he'll get another shot next season, looks like Freeman was the problem."
Palin 2016! America please....
"He just dies in episode 5 if you save him. Haven't gotten to that part yet, but i'm sure you have the option to kill him off or not. Makes it fun to play twice and see what happens!"
"Where can I buy one? I've had a colorado-shaped waffle maker for 16 years,"
"Property damage isn't as bad as life damage, therefore property damage isn't bad! Sweet, this is the second time I've been downvoted, I'm successful. But seriously, the terrorists are the ones causing pain and suffering to animals. No physical harm ever came to anybody through those actions."
"Nah mate, they're just giving away licensed content for free. I hope this won't be a DLC car. We're already getting two DLC cars at 14th of October, so this would be a little bit shitty imo.Anyways, it really look cool. Can't wait for it :)."
"""War never changes"" I don't keep it loaded, son. I have decided to make a poster for every Halo game with an iconic quote and weapon. Would love to know what you guys think and what would be a good quote/weapon for Halo 2?"
"This is all bullshit, lets get back to talking about pizza. Secret CIA assessment says Russia was trying to help Trump win White House"
"All I can remember from that is that you use hair gel My Thoughts on CV1 Day One I just wanted to give some of my initial impressions of the CV1 day one. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Image Quality:** First I will say that next to any other Oculus dev kit or even gear VR, the CV1 has a drastically better image to my eyes. Colors are vibrant and not washed out, there are no black lines. When I first tried the DK1 all I noticed was the heavy screen door effect. With CV1 the image is crystal clear and there is very little to distract you from the beautiful in game models. The T-Rex in the demo scene is intimidating and the clear image goes a long way towards convincing you that you are staring down a life size dinosaur. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Resolution:** The resolution is really only an issue in high detail games. I can tell the resolution is low in a game like EVE Valkyrie. Some of the details and distant objects are fuzzy. If you contrast this with a more stylistic game like lucky's tale you barely even notice the low res there and it basically looks like a claymation studio doll house surrounding your head. Its really extremely impressive. I honestly think slightly stylized with large upfront objects is the way to go with early VR. Its beyond impressive especially due to the crystal clear image. Its very life like. Lucky's Tale is easily the most impressive intro as the visuals draw you in so well and completely. Attempts to be more realistic and gritty I think suffer from the limited screen resolution. The other game that looked good, though i am not sure I am interested in playing for anything but eye candy, was their free alien exploration game where you snap photos of aliens. Everything from the alien models to your ship deck look stunning and are perfectly rendered to take advantage of the CV1's strengths. Hopefully more studios will design more compelling games with this visual philosophy in mind. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Lens Flare:** One negative against the display remains. I don't consider the low resolution a negative because some games are simply not impacted by that very much. SDE is gone to my eyes and there is no black smear. However we do now have glorious light rays... bright white objects, especially words and stars, send out annoying lens flairs that move with your head. Colorful balanced scenes don't show this, but dark background with bright objects are a lens flare mess... I think this is something I will zone out but I feel like CV2 needs to get rid of this... It reminds me a lot of IPS glow on high end ultrawide monitors, its annoying but its only noticeable in certain kinds of scenes. I personally find it slightly more annoying than the black smear. I am just hopping that I will zone this out as I get more into the games. IPS glow on a $1,000 monitor depressed me for about a week after purchase but I eventually decided that quality overall outweighed the minor annoyance in dark scenes. I suspect that my initial disappointment with the lens flare artifacts from the lenses will go the same way. Because otherwise the image the lenses and screens produce is impressive and consumer quality. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **FOV:** This doesn't bother me in the least. I don't see any hard boxy edges like I could see on DK2. I don't feel like its appreciably larger or smaller than either DK1 or DK2. Its not big enough to make me shit my pants, and since none of the HMDs have broken new ground on this front I don't think it will be all that important to compare exact FOV on first gen hardware. It would have to be drastically larger to make me care most likely. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Comfort:** I wont waste to much time rehashing the comfort. I don't feel like I have it adjust perfectly yet, sometimes it weighs on my cheeks a bit but otherwise it is super easy to take on and off and feels good against my nose. It also stays snugly in place during gaming. The spring loaded release is very nice because it allows me to take it on and off without getting my hair gel all over the lenses. The integrated headphones make placement and removal trivial since you only ever have to worry about the one piece coming on and off. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Audio Quality:** The headset interrogation is awesome. The pressure applied by the build in headphones has them fit perfectly over your ear. Usually with any pair of over ear cans I can feel pressure on the ears. There is no such feeling with the CV1 headpones, it applies just enough to keep them in place. Having them built in makes taking off the headset super easy since you don't have to worry about extra wires. The sound is crystal clear and nice and loud. It easily drowns out ambient noise. Overall I don't think I would want a headset without decent built in headphones again, if not just for the pain it saves you having to worry about removing headphones every time you want to lift off the HMD. Though I would consider giving up earphone convenience if another HMD had notably better visuals. I really hope others copy and keep Oculus's headphone design because I think this is a huge success. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Tracking:** Tracking is far better than DK2. You can pretty easily walk around and not lose tracking and its easy to set the camera on your desk. Or higher up off to the side. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Store and Setup:** The CV1 is consumer ready on the store front. This thing is truly plug and play. The headset can detect when you are wearing it and will immediately take you to the home screen. When you take it off the HMD display powers down and you can interact with your desktop seamlessly. The store is attractive and easy to navigate especially with the little remote which I keep around to mess with the volume. My only gripe is it is so well integrated that I can tell its going to be a bit of a bitch to run 3rd party content and apps that don't make it to the store. This is something that was trivial on the DK units because everything ran from their own program and would take over the Rift. I am not sure how this will work on CV1. Maybe it wont be an issue, but very few 3rd party apps have been updated to 1.3 yet so I just can't say for sure how they will be allowed to work. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Games:** I picked up quite a few games yesterday but haven't really gotten a chance to delve into them for long enough. Lucky's tale is probably the best looking game. Though it made me slightly woozy. Nothing like DK1, but I think I need to get some VR legs again. Eve was comfortable for me though you have to be in the mood for endless dog fighting since there is not single player campaign really. Barely started Chronos, I am optimistic this will be engrossing even though I kind of wish the camera moved with you like in Lucky's tale. I am really looking forward to the climb and Edge of No Where. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- **Final Thoughts:** Compared to the DK units this is definitely a consumer product. I think some of the early games are rough around the edges but overall there is good variety and plenty to play compared to early demos on the dks. The lens flare artifacts suck and surprised me, but really the Rift exceeded my expectations in every other aspect hardware wise. If you are trying to decide between the Vive and CV1 I can only suspect that both will have drawbacks and it will be a preference and no review can likely tell you which way you will lean. It would probably be best to be patient and wait till you can try both HMDs before buying considering the cost. Though I know for many that isn't worth waiting 3-4 months on back order. I will be sure to try a Vive when they are in stores, I am interested to see how their visual trade offs paid off compared to Oculus's."
"I'm sure that you are taking that out of context somehow. To be fair, eating shellfish is a sin on par with being homosexual."
Stop crying people he clearly missed. When Gods of RL dont want you to win
*looks on amazon* NUR
"Yeah but if Romo was in the game the Cardinals wouldn't have stacked. Compotent QBs the cards have played against: Peyton, Rivers, Foles, Kaepernick, and Eli. Compotent QBs the cards have stacked against: Peyton, Rivers, Foles, Kaepernick, and Eli."
You forgot this: Rigged as fuck!!!
"You will, you godless Muslim I used to think I would go to hell if I disrespected America."
"100% balanced Hmm, that's 20 level 3 sentries, built in about 10 seconds Fair enough :)"
"Because eyewitness testimony is the most reliable testimony there is. With an anonymous tip, cops can now pull over anyone who the tipper claims is driving ""sufficiently dangerous,"" even if a cop seeing zero traffic violations when following for five minutes."
"She should really start a lifestyle blog so she could slag women to a wider audience. Tempest is **the** frenemy. Snotty, bitchy, holier-than-thou all wrapped up in a doe-eyed moron's facade."
"""Like Far Cry with tenis."" Tennis game. Right hand tennis racket, left hand pistol."
"Yeah, because what we need right now is more regressive taxes that disproportionately affect people at lower income brackets. Gov. Nathan Deal considers online sales tax for Georgia"
"Yeah, I remember Ecclisiastes *really* helping me as a depressed teen. Coast Guard Rear Admiral says religious liberty under threat in the military"
See thats just cuz you don't know how good a liter of cum can taste I would much rather eat a bull dick than drink 2 liters of some random weirdos cum. WTF. There is no telling what kind of fucked up shit you may catch from that. Though... To be fair... I'm a lesbian and have never had male cum in my mouth. /vomit
"Solenoids How do you run Perk 24/7 if you work full time? I'm curious. I work long enough to hit the popup, so I can't just leave them running. (I also try to turn everything off while at work. Ingrained behavior, I guess). I can usually wake up during the night long enough to make sure I don't hit the popup, but can't figure out how to keep them running while I'm out for 8+ hours a day."
outside Do You Know Where is this place?
Only a true intellectual mind can see beyond the petty playfulness and view the true basic human motive. Definitely. Best bit about it in my opinion is how disproportionate of a response it is. The let's play video is just silly minecraft gameplay and commentary with a few guys screwing around. Literally no reason to go to those lengths to write this.
"Nah mate 18 and 2weeks sounds better. So if I'm 17 and go with a friend who just turned 18 last week, I'll be good to go?"
"But he always gets the BEST people. Jesus fucking christ, Trump's campaign managers are all colossal fucking idiots."
you just got outplayed by a better player. waht am I supposed to do?
"Fucking love magical emp attacks that have discretionary targetting. EMP should not disable the cruise missile Seriously the cruise missile is useless enough as it is. The commander gets an EMP recharge in less than the time it takes a cruise missile to come in, so unless the enemy commander is a complete idiot, he will shut down the missile every single time. Your only option for this is to use a proxy attack at the same time as a missile, but the proxy attack recharges so slowly you only get one or two per game and even if you do use the proxy attack to help your missile reach the target, it'll probably miss anyway. The cruise missile feels like an almost redundant feature at the moment."
yeah... but they wouldn't intentionally hurt people financially just to try and increase negative opinion of the law It's almost like insurance companies and ACA opponents are intentionally trying to screw the pooch...
vp just don't want to face fnatic so they're not trying no boi
"only the kids who *want* to can do it, not the innocent victims! And the market for child sex slaves?"
"But then that means the they would have to deal with the consequence of someone else's mistake, and that just won't do! It pisses me off because I have met very few pro-lifers who are inclined to put their money and actions where their mouth is and actually adopt."
Sweet attitude. We WILL be swept on Thursday. This team is fucking pathetic.
"That must be an eyesore,I feel sorry for the rich people. Literal poverty divide in Brazil"
"Gee, his popularity must be incredibly high! UK election candidate wants corporal punishment back, criminalise homosexuality &amp; adultery"
"Bloody hell... Maybe I wont have to throw out my Radeon HD5450, I guess I'll get to game skyrim ultra 8K 144fps with my $30 video card! Your last point was proven by Valve, in at least some games. L4D2 in OpenGL on Windows got nearly 40FPS (correct me if I'm wrong, I might be; haven't read the article in a while) lower than Linux, all because they optimized it well."
Maybe she is just using the road cause there's a dude standing in the middle of the sidewalk? I mean he HAS a point...
"Yeah, but they have to draw a line somewhere. ..... didn't they defend NAMBLA and the KKK?"
"**OBVIOUSLY GOOGLE'S FAULT** Oh look, Samshit screwing more things up. Yay!"
"At least there's Hot Fuzz and Shaun of the dead to break the flow They're remaking the Mummy, so in 10 years ITV2 will have even more Mummy films to show."
That just proves Trump was smart and ahead of his time. New article to look at Trump ties to Cuba during embargo
Even they would beat these Lions The 1942 Detroit Lions went 0-11 and never scored more than 7 points in a game.
"yah, im sure she just fell down the stairs What the fuck ever happened to innocent until proven guilty? This same shit happens on facebook, someone gets accused of something and the mob mentality kicks in and said person is instantly guilty. Very liberal and progressive of you as usual Reddit."
"this is reddit, we can't miss anything right? What do you mean how did we miss it?"
"Then he forgot I assume they are being sarcastic since it's not a problem, although they could hide your SteamID pretty easily, right? The item isn't in your inventory, so a link should exist that goes to their inventory instead of yours, and all their bots inventory is well known public information."
your forgot your Yeah and plasma just magically drips from the sky for no apparent reason. I don't think you grasp what plasma even is.
i definitely haven't seen this before Tom Clancy's The Division - Launch Trailer
"Yes, we should follow Trump's example and get over it like Trump got over Obama being born in America this whole sub has became a bias landfill. get over it people, we've got a new president. sorry you all dont like him. stop crying about it may help"
"You're right, they should white wash it so I feel better. Now you know how lots of minorities feel watching 90% of movies and TV."
"BRITISH MADE CRACK. Wait, so you're claiming that they've been equal under the law for decades when they demonstrably haven't, and you're claiming that an agenda of gay acceptance will lead to us lynching gays? What kind of crack are you smoking?"
E' una portaerei interrata A cosa servono queste strane linee bianche in alcuni parcheggi?
"Call of Duty has tournaments too, pretty competitive bro According to you. Not according to current tournaments and the competitive scene. Obviously your opinion matters more. I said the gold method was slower, not that it wasn't cheaper. Please feel free to make more alts to fluff your posts though."
What a twist! No shards :c
"So funny, best submission related to the sub ever! This makes my head hurt"
"Yeah, songs by two of the most influential pop acts in history certainly don't belong, especially when one of the songs is about the overriding power of love and human community Putting All you Need Us Love and When Doves Cry in that list is pretty crazy. They simply don't belong."
Yeah weird that he loved his parents who did nothing but love him Weird because his parents were humans.
"Yes every game it will be posted. he has lowest networth on team secret almost every game cuz ppy goes greedy pos4 supports, do people need to post that shit literally every damn game now"
"me no liek u Sometimes, but I get over it. What really irritates me is grammatical errors."
"empty stat king Hate to break it to most people, but he's not nearly as good as everyone thinks."
That's called business You usually don't wait until the fucking job is done to bitch and complain and refuse payment. The facility was already in use. If dude did such a bad job then why didnt Trump stop him before it was done? Why did Trump open the facility to the public? Trump is a piece of garbage who takes advantage of smaller businesses that don't have the resources to sue him. How anyone can support that scumbag or justify his actions is beyond me
Better value for money! Except of course for the elephant in the room.. Or the Node on the street corner and crippled speeds elephant in the room.
i would recommend the Implying I was being serious.
No wonder Lance Storm was a bust. Big E too. Basically that whole group got over by not being serious at all.
"I didn't read it all the way, can you get to the point next time? ""Everyone has ADD and wants everything NOW NOW NOW."" That was a topic he covered a while back. Well, there's a difference between a long, detailed argument and rambling on for 10 minutes about nothing before reaching our next point."
"Has nothing to do with her reputation this is why there are no women in e-sports, people like this"
"She's clearly hacking! According to these tinfoil types, Hillary has the most legendary K/D ever."
"Thanks for providing the needed information for people to add you. Lets find some friends if anyone wants to play, my id is beebojo20fo"
"Conspiracy! Will Johnson on Twitter: ""Usually don't comment publicly on players leaving as its part of the business but Gatson is different. He loved this club and I'll miss him."""
"But it's not about race, because its never about race, right? Pennsylvania Mayor Posts Racist Meme About Lynching President Obama"
"It would explain the rampant Sri Lankan gangs car jacking and terrorising our neighbourhoods. ""Ms Mading believes an Australian culture which encourages too much freedom for teenagers is to blame"" No, no I don't think that is the reason"
F1 is not the place for emotions! Is this about to turn into a fucking feels thread?
"Thank god you managed to escape the hell-hole that is modern france! France has been living with the constant threat of islamist terrorism for at least 50 years. I can remember all the numerous times when there were armed soldiers at the mall to prevent any new act of terrorism or because one had been announced. This book sounds to me like a totally imaginable future for my country I fortunately left before it became like it is now. A total mess, thanks to those same islamists."
"GIBE HATS PLS also, you dropped this: no we need more cosmetics, game features like tutorials and private lobbies can wait."
"Yep, great points, better vote for Trump. My point is she could have released them. She was subpeona'd once to do so, and deleted them. Now that the FBI has TAKEN them... she calls for transparency? How can anyone possibly stomach that and support her right now?"
"People still play this game? A quarter of a million Guardians of the DestinyReddit We just hit 250,000 subscribers! Thank you to everyone for joining us on this incredible journey. As Bill Belichick would say, ""We're on to Year 3."""
ya fuck him for helping his sister The idiot put it on his main account and people took five seconds to go through his comment history. He was still probably lying.
"America has always had the best Congress money can buy. For the Wealthiest Political Donors, It Was a Very Good Year: ""Three of the country's wealthiest political contributors each saw their net worth grow in 2014 by more than $3.7 billion, the entire cost of the midterm elections."""
player moves crosshair towards the general direction of another player ... must be cheating guys literally no other explaination of it guys ban him valve Simple thing about cheats that need to be explained.
I'll happily take him lol If your on Xbox 1 and its the 96 Hines I can send you one. He is just on my bench atm.
"damn terrorists... 'Truth is coming and cannot be stopped' - Manchester, England"
"""The walls have ears""? Germany spied on the United States, as well as on several embassies and administrations of ""European states and allies"", including France"
Yes cause Oklahoma is landlocked If he was 0K he wouldn't be moving.
"How dare they, he earned that! Lamps replaced by Dax McCarty of the Red Bulls in MLS all-star game"
I'm sure that the 2 year old is actually a large black man in the disguise of a 2 year old Good thing we know the whole story here so we can draw reasonable conclusions.
"All you have to do is vote for social democrats like Bernie Sanders and everything will be A-okay Fuck sectarianism, and especially sectarians who don't understand that revolution isn't a fucking cake walk."
"Dont you know that if someone has a steering wheel cover it's because they recently murdered someone? I would hope all the new guys in my department know a ""felony forest"" is not a reason to stop a car. Better have something better What came to my mind when he said scoutmaster was what the fuck is this guy talking about. Who is this guy?"
This is the kind of quality content I come to this sub for. I just realized that my obsession with Bitcoin is actually a distraction from my horrible marriage.
Another great QA-tested event. A common sight: waiting for the Terran Empire ships to just send the dread through already.
"Well, you've never asked me out. Yet every time I have ever taken the initiative and asked a guy out, he has FREAKED OUT and run away. Women just can't win."
If it was the gasoline version he would have died in the car accident. Nice light in all of the darkness that is surrounding VW.
"You don't need aim assist, just drag shot your target like every one else... Snipers with aim assist? Please put it in the game. Sniping is now such a small part of BO3, you barely see it but if they put on aim assist it would be much more popular!"
"Except for Marijuana, it cures cancer and even the common cold as well as a plethora of other diseases. There is no such thing a cure-all... anything that claims to be is a bullshit"
"Craig could bail them out easily, given he's Satoshi and hodl's the private keys to the Genesis block and the other first nine blocks Bitfinex Says It Will Spread Losses Among Users. Like a bank bail-out, losses spread among taxpayers."
"I don't believe you. Except we know it's set in London, at least the scenes that have been shot so far."
"Thank god you're all lawyers. Less trolling, more sexual assault."
Poor price unless it includes a modem. Found an Ad for a PC from 2001
I should have added You don't understand the reasoning behind this. It is quite clear that since not many people can actually get to play allowing streamers to play also allows people who can't join the servers to at least watch someone who can. Think about if all the streamers were just trying to connect just like us. No one would be watching or playing the game. Instead of being butthurt just wait a few days or wait until it pushes to stable. It's quite simple.
"Yes we should just nuke people that's a great idea. A nation that drafts unwilling members, violating their rights of freedom and pursuit of happiness, is no nation worth fighting for. We have the biggest military in the world. Bigger than the next 14 countries. Plus we can just nuke people."
"Well it is very hard and skillfull to hit the logout button when you leave the room you know.. You think the game is hard because you can die from afking in a bank? That's got to be the dumbest thing I've ever read on this subreddit. Randoms are a nuisance, they don't make the game hard or difficult by killing you, they make the game annoying to play and constantly interrupt you. If you can't understand that and keep saying it made the game difficult, you must be a complete noob."
amazing how fast justice can be served when its a cop involved. cop already cleared
"And to think, all it took was one deity a day to come up with it. Harvard spent $5M to provide the most accurate depiction ever of the inner-workings of a cell. It may seem stylized, but every detail is as medically accurate as possible. Life is amazing."
I think it's great that we still go there. Red Cross worker killed in Central African Republic
"What the fuck is a nokia? Kinda spooky, just read the same thing on my mates MySpace page using my Nokia phone."
"Right, and Saudi oil has absolutely no impact on the environment - there's no blood at all there No, they didn't. Tar sands oil is some of the most environmentally damaging crap out there. It should never have been extracted, as we already have such oceans of oil on the books (still in the ground but counted as part of our known reserves) that we can't possibly use even a fraction of it as fuel if we want the species to survive climate change. Tar sands oil is basically an on-going eco crime."
So beautiful. The leg of a super morbidly obese woman.
So he can sweep up the center majority no problem then! Blair is an incredibly unifying force. Both Left and Right hate him with a passion....
"Richard stays alive without a single kill until the last day, and then kill the last person while they are sleeping, what a prick Hunger Games: Monstercat Vocalists Edition"
So that's how it works in The Last of Us! A double barrel bolt action rifle being fired
"Maybe if you weren't always so emotional just because of a harmless little period, you wouldn't hate the ads so much. The Always ""Have a Happy Period"" BS. Fuck you. I spend a week a month bleeding from my genitals. There is nothing happy about it."
"yes, that is what I meant :) I should have added Or because it makes them feel confident to look a certain way."
"I didn't realize the employees at Costco who stock shelves, process returns, man the checkout aisles that are being blocked and congested processing hundreds of purchases and returns are not costing the company wages.... Your local mums and pops grocery yes, they'd have to cover the cost themselves. Big grocery chains like Costco, trust me, they don't have to pay for the returns."
"RIP GOD GILIUS Horo will play in Playoff for UOL Confirmed in Vizicsacsi stream, 1.30 hours ago."
"i think i should hack now for a bit to improve game sense an argument can be made that he was focusing a lot on not making the hacks noticeable, which would have intentionally impacted his performance so as not to seem suspicious. you can learn a lot from using hacks. you can see exactly how people respond to certain situations if you can follow them wherever they are. it wouldnt impact his skill as a player, but his mental game could improve tremendously as a result. its definitely possible that a player could hack and then improve."
She's very energizing. Live Blog: Convention - Day 4
"Exclusive fights, extra nps, free premium collectibles... definitely not a pay to win site! Alright. Thats a weird thing to have with premium. Exclusive fights"
I pulled 5 peles in one pack today too Just did the same and got ronaldo and messi in the same pack
No because WoW is a single player RPG. People actually talk to other people in WoW?
Its like a gang bro we just like that Insane Clown Posse What the hell is wrong with this subreddit lol
Is this 501st approved? Strom troops who just looks like the Baymax from superhero 6!
How dare you sully the web with such words! Having a humanities education/liberal arts degree is just as important as that CS degree.
"Because these people are all cis white misogynist shitlords, of course! Why the fuck would you downvote this post?"
you were missing a very crucial You took my comment too seriously.
"Obviously we just need to bring back EAsy Info. After seeing a half-dozen posts per day about this, I think it's time for a PSA: The scoop on ""Can Your PC Run It?"""
"I just hope they make it so that PvP is all about a war of Vampire vs Werewolf, so it's like TES gets turned into Underworld. Is it a requirement to become a Vampire or Werewolf to survive in PvP? I feel like all I see are Vampires pwning through PvP? Is it possible to be effective without becoming one of the two?"
nah bro the distressed look is in Send them to a place to repair them. They will keep the spirit and comfort of your favorite jeans but will become wearable once again
"But...but... They made a video with all the memes...How can they not be a good company? delta, your pathetic and shallow attempt to cash in on the outrage and hype to try to earn back some points with people is so lame. instituting some idiotic policy that no ones really cares about isn't going to change anyone's opinion of how shitty the airlines still are."
"Looks like SRS is upvoting comments again and down voting themselves in an attempt to make redditors look like bigoted assholes. ""If my child made that I'd have the little retard's head examined."""
"Don't you know having a stalker is flattering, and in no way terrifying and horrible? on what planet is ""I can be your personal stalker"" in any way conducive to forming a relationship?"
"Yeah, whole countries that were in the former Russian Empire would be much better with the, you know, Russian Empire. That power vacuum brought about the USSR."
"It was time, gosh, is absurd that the main goal of our campaign is being dismissed by those vocal minorities that talk about ethics in journalism. Wikipedia Editors are thinking of Changing the Wikipedia Title from ""Gamergate controversy"" to ""Gamergate harassment campaign"""
"Whenever you want to finish inside her, remember the feeling you just got in the pit of your stomach, then do what feels right. Welp, looks like I'm staying with the condom."
"Just another player that can't handle the bright spotlight of LA Another contender planning aggressive play for a Kevin Love trade, sources tell Yahoo: Houston. Kevin McHale has strong bond with Love."
Not with the rabid menace of marijuana stalking the countryside. Sad that we havent diverted the funds and direction of the DEA into full blown anti sex slavery in the US.
zomg Doublelift ate a cheeseburger AMA request AMA REQUEST: Dignitas Shiphtur Shiphtur has gone through a lot of big changes in his move to Dig and he's not exactly a loud person. I would love to hear about the thought process behind the move and how his life has changed. maybe combine with ZS?
"dudes its parody therefore exempt from criticism But Why Though? - A Complete Ska Cover of Neutral Milk Hotel's ""In The Aeroplane Over The Sea"""
"Just like a real apartment building. Same logic that was applied at the school that I worked at. Another interpretation of the logic: ""Your parents pay $X per year to make sure you have a safe place to stay and study. Follow the rules and don't waste your parent's money""."
Clearly this is god's wrath since we know only queers and steers live in Texas and steers don't get sick. An unidentified flu-like respiratory illness has emerged and began killing people in Texas this week.
Never heard this one before CS New Game Mode.
"But I love boston trade scenarios with boogie Unless they're making multiple moves with Gay, then the trade isn't about us... if any trade exists. I'll be really glad actually if Boogie gets traded somewhere else. Then all the idiotic trade scenarios can stop."
You dropped this I was being sarcastic
And that my friends is why *Junkrat is balanced* Sometimes you have to show your tire how it's done
"I was mostly just surprised to not see Cup winning legend Randy Carlyle. I don't know why, but I expected a sarcastic parody video... That was really fucking good! Nice work."
"This is the sort of forward thinking required to survive from an influx of migrants Hungary will build a barrier on the border with Croatia, which is an EU member, in case large numbers of undocumented migrants start coming from that direction, says Hungarian PM Viktor Orban"
"Hey man, this has nothing to do with Islam, it's all because of US foreign policy. Islam."
"Yeah, it's like the biggest smile ever! Their scary face is so cute!~"
"Guess some people are just holding back progress. Good luck getting permission to launch a rocket into space carrying a nuke powerful enough to terraform a planet... This is one of those ""what could possibly go wrong"" scenarios."
HAARP... kinda Weird Noises Feb 18th evening? Does anyone know what those weird noises are tonight? I'm in University Heights area - sound like some weird whale noises echoing through the neighborhood fairly constantly. I'm sure they must be audible over most of the city. Probably something totally normal... I just wondered if anyone knew.
"That video obviously exists then. I googled it. I couldn't find a reputable site that said it was true but, rumours abound. There is supposedly a video ov an interview with E! that no one can find, where he says he's bi but, somehow the interview was deleted off the whole internet."
"You can still enjoy music with your ear lobes cut off. Well of course ""I"" wouldn't. But I'm not talking about what I would do, I'm talking about what people in this country view as acceptable. And if someone's excuse for why infant circumcision is acceptable is because ""you can still come,"" then naturally, I assume that person would think penile bifurcation is also an acceptable procedure to perform on an infant, because the evidence shows that ""you can still come"" with a bifurcated penis."
"Buh-buh reddit told me all the media does is try to convince us poor gullible black people that evil whitey is out to get them and racism is totes over! And it distracts us from the fact that 4 black churches were burned in North Carolina, Georgia and South Carolina this week. Haven't seen anything in the media about this without digging real hard."
"Then we could have a giant cage fight, but with bullets! Fuck it lets build a dome over America, so its one giant safe space while were at it."
Reimer.. Great game again.. Top notch! Postgame Thread: Stamkos &amp; Refs: 5 @ Leafs: 3 Bullshit.
but what about people in the army and doctors? So underpaid.
"Nope, Geoff's kind of a huge nerd, but he's also an old guy who likes to mock the things ""kids these days"" like. Wow. Of all people, I was expecting Geoff to be ribbing DnD the most. The way he does with Digimon, Pokemon, DBZ, etc."
"Super considerate of him to confirm you were correct in discontinuing the conversation. ""By pepperoni nips"""
I'm not a scholar so I can't say Is breathing halal
What if KD is internally sabotaging the warriors on our behalf and is singing with us next year when cp and blake take less money? Make KD regret not picking us. Fuck the Warriors.
Well she's married - technically its 50% her show. Yo how come whenever Suzy's on she acts like it's her show?
"But everyone knows, it was Liechtenstein. It's like saying that Belgium started WW1..."
Because its the Americans commenting and the Europeans up voting. How the fuck does this post have 3541 points yet every top comment is calling this a shitpost
"Yeah, 6th place in the league is pretty garbage. Wow fuck this team is garbage"
"Club Penguin is illegal now? Anything that could get you on a watchlist. You know, like CP."
"The places with the most terrorism are also the places with the most muslims, therefore muslims are all terrorists, QED. wat"
#DEFINITELY NOT A CULT Sample of voicemails left for state Democratic Chairwoman Roberta Lange
OP if you want a boyfriend i love cheesecakes I made 50 different cheesecakes for my gf's birthday
If you don't have anything to hide then why wouldn't you want to share.... And what do you think happens to national security if you start breaking encryption?
"sorry let me get on the pointless hate circlejerk THIS COMMENT IS THE EQUIVALENT OF THE POSTS THAT SAY ""WHERE CAN I FIND A PAIR OF CALFSKIN LEATHER, GOODYEAR WELTED CHELSEAS FOR UNDER $50?"""
Obviously Cartman! Who would you say is the most kind out of the four boys and why? Rate from nicest to meanest. We all know Cartman is the meanest though.
"2/10 no Slaughterhouse Five or 1984. Books mentioned within the article: - The Fifth Season (N.K. Jemisin) - Binti (Nnedi Okorafor) - Folding Beijing (Hao Jingfang) - Death's End (Liu Cixin) - Central Station (Lavie Tidhar) - Sorcerer to the Crown (Zen Cho) - Iraq + 100: Stories from a century after the invasion (Hassan Blasim, Khalid Kaki, Hassan Abdulrazzak, Ibrahim Al-Marashi, Zhraa Alhaboby, Ali Bader, Mortada Gzar, Jalal Hasan , Diaa Jubaili, Anoud, Ra Page) - Azanian Bridges (Nick Wood) - Too Like the Lightning (Ada Palmer) - A Closed and Common Orbit (Becky Chambers) - Ninefox Gambit (Yoon Ha Lee) - The Gradual (Christopher Priest) - The Race (Nina Allan) - Arrival (Ted Chiang)(movie adaption was mentioned) - The Thing Itself (Adam Roberts)(advertising mention?)"
"TIL, the UK is stoning gays to death right now. TIL that in 2004 gays were stoned to death in America"
TIL money = happiness. DAE THINK RICH PEOPLE CAN'T BE DEPRESSED OR HAVE EMOTIONS?
"Wow, who would have thought ""fuck brown people"" would have proved popular in Australia. The dude got into power by going for the ""fuck brown people"" vote and it fucking worked and still makes my cringe."
"Yea, OP should totally delete his post because he didn't ship all his ingredients from South India. Roasted onion infused Australian olive oil... Yes pure south indian."
At least he knows where his bread and butter comes from. Side activities are way more important that you 4 hour a day job...................
"Bro, if it's not top 5 all time why even release it? Future has dropped 5 quality projects in the last year and people are concerned that he is sacrificing quality for quantity. If he drops 9 projects and even 3 of them are on par with ds2 or 56 nights, I'm ok with that."
7.5gb of GDDR5 memory total* Another craigslist rip off!
"Stereotypes exist for a reason guise Stereotypically, Redditors are American."
"Wow this guy can't even say, ""radical muslim."" Sure, but last night most terrorists were Muslim."
Another time when he shows how much he hates Bale! Cristiano Ronaldo goal vs Roma (0-1)
I applaud all of the brave redditors staking their claims at a disappointing premiere THE GIANT ROBOT DUEL IS STILL ON! And MegaBots just dropped a trailer!
nice script How I feel everytime I'm against Xerath
"Clearly you were only there for attention. MRW my mom says, ""Guys probably harass you at the gym because your leggings are so tight!"""
"The pyramids were really big boxes then, iirc When the game is done the king and the pawn go into the same box"
Gasps in surprise! BREAKING: @England's James Milner retires from international football. #SSNHQ
"""Thank you for sparing my life"" This is the most ridiculous robbery ive ever seen... Russians never cease to amaze me."
I wish mine was as big as a Griffin! I thought your were going to say penis.
Top quality animation Family Guy: BBC News
"Nah, the browncoats are just very flush. Psst.. it's rogues..."
"yeah, all he did was sit on his ass for 27 years I don't know, looking at Nelson Mandela's achievements I don't see it written anywhere how he manged to take a nation of 300k to the UEFA EURO 2016."
"Silly Italians, there's no tomato sauce on that pizza! Man dashes over security fence to hand HH Pope a custom made pizza. ""If the Pope can't come to the pizza, bring the pizza to the Pope."""
"Thank you for this life changing advice, my good man! Earn one."
What the good chosen people on r politicaldiscussion said it's proof he was putins longtime boyfriend did they lie impossible WikiLeaks cables reveal #Trump's campaign manager Paul Manafort was secret US embassy source in #Ukraine
Damn bandwagoners... Booing the opposition since 1977. Love it!
"dayum shox to tsm still cant believe it Killed someone with a molotov direct hit, there is no killfeed icon."
Who cares if it's all to protect people? Sometimes you've got to wonder how stupid the people in power are... Don't get me wrong i'm no genius but people who genuinely believe this sort of shit 'protects' people are barking up the wrong tree. Now i'm not American but isn't this shit unconstitutional?
"Oh yeah, that's much better Owls don't pass the bones and fur. They vomit up them as ""pellets"" after the meat is digested."
"Well he did play with Beagle who was one of the best centers of the league last year. Weirdly, Ovi was +3 against you guys and -38 against the entire rest of the league last year, positive against no other team. And now I will never quote +/- again."
"oh yeah, giantdad and falchion spamming is really creative and fun pvp At least dks has the pvp to keep it strong. BB pvp is stale"
"Git gud Nope. We're all big Dark Souls/Bloodborne players, so unfortunate death and defeat is well known to us. Roll with the punch."
"Yeah, American firms were only handing out bribes. we are just smug cause WE DIDNT CAUSE THE FIASCO IN THE FIRST PLACE"
"Thanks caption obvious For those who haven't noticed, if you click this windows icon in the task bar you'll be able to reserve your free copy of windows 10, to upgrade when you want."
#policeharrasment #whitelivesmatter Woman pulled off my flight today...
"Good thing he'll be the UNIVERSAL champion then I'm torn. I want Balor to show up as the demon, but I also don't think he's ready to be World Champion yet - unless they turn him heel which I don't see happening."
"Welp, time to beat the Heat with Big Baby! There's a chance we see Big Baby or Tobias Harris tomorrow"
"Yeah but can you play Killzone at a cinematic 24fps on it? I'd like to see consoles try to do this. ($2.5 million dollar, military-grade KC-130T simulator with integrated Google Maps for accurate land map.)"
Kid got good genes Why would a 9 year old have sideburns?!
"But it's soooo hard to copy the photo, paste it to Google Images, and find more of it. Or he could be mildly proficient with google..."
If only the community wasn't so against the introduction of microtransactions. no microtransactioms = no screentime The sad state of gaming in 2015
"Thanks for providing that stellar source of yours! You're wrong... you're facts are false. They will sue the shit out of a farm for even having 1 plant of theirs grow in their crops. So if a bird shits in their field, and a GMO corn grows with their regular corn... they will sue the farm so bad it will put them out of business. You either don't know your facts, or you work for Monsanto. Either way... you're wrong"
"Just like that bitch, Eve! Everybody is born christian but if they are not raised properley satan will deceive them. Or so I've been told."
Good thing the US has the best medical system in the world... What we're afraid of vs. what actually kills us
"Third parties do NOT change the outcome of elections... Jill Stein is now officially the Ralph Nader of 2016. Stein votes/Trump margin: MI: 51,463/10,704 PA: 49,678/46,765 WI: 31,006/22,177"
"Yeah, the BJP is such a saintly party that can do no wrong. Lulzz is that the proof that BJP has done all that? Please go to EC and prove that. People would be really happy if AAP do that. Any one can tweet these photos saying XYZ party has produced fake votes"
"And all of these skills are super good when omni is level 1, 2, and 3, when ganks are most potent. But he has repel, heal, and degen aura. All three skills keep him alive. Even though he doesn't have an escape he is definitely above average in staying alive in lane."
"It only *seems* like they're outsmarting him, when actually this is totally what he intended when he wrote the laws because he's perfect. So they believe in God but consider him an idiot who can be easily outsmarted. I get it."
USING CAPSLOCK MAKES MY POINT MORE VALID IGNORANCE.
Like Eastenders The dominant one is the one used on TV shows and news channels.
"That law is a super-great idea and couldn't possibly be abused, like, 800 different ways. New Zealand is making trolling illegal: The country's Harmful Digital Communications Bill has been approved by parliament last week and is expected to come into effect on Monday. It means people could be fined or sent to prison for using deliberately harmful, threatening or offensive language."
"Get your fucking truth out of here. Undeclared ""forward military movements""."
"I'm sure this looks great on mobile Because the mods are being dickbags, we've taken a 90 degree turn"
"In the past there was no point in developing the combustion engine because later computers were invented. Once AI takes off (the singularity), we'll either be wiped out or easily be able to live wherever we want... That will probably happen before the Mars colony is really off the ground"
Give us back revive and he will see play again Hecarim has a 42% winrate top with a 0.57% playrate and a 44% winrate jungle with a 1.3% winrate. Maybe its time to buff the pony.
"I think we disagree on the rubric of how bonus points should be awarded. It's one of those 'hidden in plain sight' spots, bonus points if you have a windowed case."
I don't think Galloway still has 15 years left dude... Maybe an angle best saved for after Cena has decided to move into doing hosting TV shows full time.
Since they had the same haircut since when was Meera part of this all too
"Generational Exceptionalism: my generation thinks &amp; acts with one unified altruistic voice of purity, beauty and hope, while yours and all others are greedy self-dealing psychotic thieves who plundered the world and left it poisoned and barren. Yes, lets blame the past generation for everything and let the rich who nearly own everything off the hook."
10 hours of commercials in one movie is not a deleted scene. ABC Family versions of the film. I love how they include deleted scenes. I very much wish they would distribute them for sale.
"INFOMERCIALS GET HIGH RATINGS THAN NHL OUTDOOR HOCKEY CONFIRMED yeah, wtf? I thought maybe something else was going on, but our feed turned to some face cream informercial..."
"Nah, we are just the people who walked 15 miles uphill in the pouring rain to clear out summoning stones hours before the raid in the days before locks could summon safely inside the instance. You guys taking 4+ hours to do Kara have the patience of saints Either that or you're masochists."
"I'm not absolutely certain, but doesn't your post violate the ""show, don't tell"" rule? A general desire to give everyone a little pat-on-the-back reassurance. I see posts every week about these same two concepts. So people obviously have questions about it. I wanted to share an opinion."
"well then, we'll just have to pressure for-profit companies to start doing geological research that's in line with the teachings of ~~Pat Robertson~~Jesus H Christ! The best question to ask young earth creationists If the young earth stance is correct, why are there no young earth geologists employed by for-profit companies? Mining, drilling, excavation, etc. companies want to get the best info to make a profit. If the young earth position was correct, it would be widely taught in schools whose grads would be snapped up by these companies. Instead, they only hire geologists who are taught and do research consistent with an earth that is 4.5 billion years old. Why is it that employment and profitable predictions do not come to young earth geologists at a rate far surpassing the ancient earth geologists? Ask this in a serious, respectful manner (don't be condescending or dismissive.) You want them to think out the answer for themselves."
They should do a straight adaptation of Clone Saga How Sony Pictures Can Save Spider-Man
Yeah he is ok but overall he is a detriment to the offense because of his offensive pass interferences Dunno how I haven't seen Gronk on here yet. That dude is a fucking force.
"No one ever got shot in the face in NYC , they ban guns there No law can stop someone from shooting someone in the face, that doesn't mean they won't have consequences for you."
"lol in high gold if i queue mid/jungle i get those on the reg, had to switch up for mid/top, makes me the happiest man in the world i sat in a 17m queue in low dia today soooooooooooooooooooooooo dunno about that"
"Yup, every single footballer only cares about money and women. Why would the teams boycott? Footballers, managers and club owners care _literally_ only about money and women, that's it."
Being mean and saying bad words. For what? The ambulance hadn't arrived yet
"IRON Horde is a form of Horde. It's WoD themed, not horde themed? It'll probably be legion themed in a few months, it used to be MoP themed before WoD released."
"10/10, would accuse for scripting insane challenger xerath outplay"
"Yah, i'd rather they gouge other universities' students Anyone else fed up with RPI gouging their own students? I'm so sick of RPI trying to squeeze every last dollar out of its students. Between the ""Activity Fee"" and the ""Health Center Fee"" (among countless others), which I pay even though I don't live on campus and have never actually been to the health center, I feel like they are out of control. Do we, as students have any power to stop this insanity? In 2013, we were ranked the 4th most expensive college in the nation. I really don't want to see us hit #1 but at the rate we raise tuition (and other random fees), it's only a matter of time."
Because reddit is gay Don't know why you are down voted. A man getting HIV through plain old vaginal intercourse is pretty difficult. Especially compared to let's say receiving anal sex. (Assuming he did)
"Yeah he was such a terrible author, writing the top three selling light novel volumes of 2011 that weren't from a series adapted into anime. I'm actually pretty hyped for this considering a few reasons. * An anime original SAO movie means it isn't adapting something. This allows the writing to be of a higher quality than most adaptions. * This is something written by the author in a recent capacity. This means we're getting something that is much better written than the first few volumes of SAO. (Considering he wasn't a very good author back then but with all the more recent volumes, he's become much better.)"
Such a white thing to say! wait I'm black but I'm a pc gamer.
"Yeah there goes Jimmy Carter again, making outrageous statements about things he knows nothing about. Jimmy Carter on ""Argo"": 90% of the contributions to the ideas and the consummation of the plan was Canadian,"" Carter said. ""And the movie gives almost full credit to the American CIA. And with that exception, the movie is very good..."""
"Just say you're a girl, they'll all huddle around you to protect you from shots and send you friend requests ;) To the ""squeaker"" haters Don't judge a player by his/her voice. I'm a 27 year old female and a pretty good player. Everyone I raid with says I sound like a 12 year old boy and I'm so fucking sick of getting kicked out of fireteam's just because I sound like a ""squeaker"". I just had to get that out there."
"Oh that ""compliment""... our fathers must be twins separated at birth Not exactly prejudice, but the one time my father ever gave me a compliment (kind of) in my life, was the day I spent hours straightening my hair with a wide barrel curling iron (in middle school before the time of flat irons) I came downstairs and he took one look at me and said ""Well at least it doesn't look as shitty as it usually does."""
"No, it's a leader bike because it is really fast and always at the front of the pack. I think you mean ""liter"" bike."
"Maz had it for longest, it's hers Anakin's. Luke's lightsaber is the green one."
Yeah.. Best place on earth!
That's a male power fantasy. Yup. Only the male gaze. As a female I don't at all enjoy looking at those ripped muscular male superheroes...
Red Ash will be good though! Keiji Inafune
"Obama-ist? The current GOP calls moderate Republicans/conservative Democrats ""Socialists"" and would probably call a progressive Democrat a ""Communist"". If they heard an actual Socialist explain their position on economic issues, would they even have an epithet in their vocabulary?"
Old blood day is always fun! When it's day 4 of shark week and it looks like grape jam
Nearly... but no they all have an O in their names.
"Let me guess - six figure salary, homeowner at 25, possibly a country club membership too, and parents wealthy enough that you don't have any student debt / need to plan for retirement? I'm a white male. Oh to make it worse, I believe, I'm hetero and I have a job I have worked hard at. Let the hate messages flow."
"OMG, anyone got a name and source! So I heard you like x-ray boobs (NSFW?)"
"blizzard showing how balanced their maps are Seriously, whose idea was it to have Temple of Anubis this often? Such an incredibly bad map."
So whats on Mars that the US is trying to keep from the rest of the world? Is the US Military Hiding Data on Dead Russian Mars Probe?
"Well quite clearly, it's not like there's the legacy of slavery, racist policing, worse economic backgrounds overall due to societal racism, the preschool to prison pipeline or anything! ""Do black people realize that it's almost 2016 and they hold their race back more than anything else?"""
"no it must be prepare for 3 i know because the others weren't but this one is different Ooh look, an update!"
"Thanks Pierre The intermission between periods 1-3 are 18 minutes. In between overtime periods, they are 15 minutes. Recently it was brought to my attention that everyone does not know this fact. I use the timer on my phone so there's no mistake. I thought you guys might appreciate this information."
"I never believed we needed all those civil liberties anyway. Trump's Picks For AG &amp; CIA Happy To Undermine Civil Liberties, Increase Surveillance"
"No, no, it's OK because he was clearly upper class. ""How dare this guy mistake me for an employee because I'm wearing something very similar to their uniform. Instead of telling him I don't work there and handing him off to an employee, I'll make him buy hundreds of dollars of shit he doesn't need!"" That's the most petty thing I've read in a while, OP has issues."
Entertainment? Trump recorded having extremely lewd conversation about women in 2005
You're just overreacting. I hate when guys try to tell me how I feel.
"It's the only good version. you literally just got like 6 DDR A's in LA, what's the point of playing a mix over 15 years old"
any woman who hasn't had at least 5 god fearing christian children by the age of 21 can be legally murdered All this would accomplish if it was valid all it would do would increase the amount of unsafe abortions that put the potential mother at risk. What are they gonna do? Prosecute every woman who has a miscarriage?
"What is wrong with solving violence wit more violence? I do understand. But some people are actually innocent. And the ones who are not do deserve punishment. But I don't think our government should decide who dies. Nor do I think we should (as a country) potentially allow a condemned person to suffer during their death. We are supposed to be better than a murderer. Again, emotionally I get it. There are some criminals I want to see suffer. But the law should separate itself from that emotion."
2nd biggest country in the world aint remote biiiaaatttchhhh Japan and Ireland are islands. Most of Canada is pretty remote and Finland is hardly the center of everything. Switzerland should be pretty obvious.
Good to see you've read the TOS.... I'm pretty sure ToS isn't *legally* binding. Pretty sure it just means they can stop rendering service to you if you violate the ToS.
"But he wasn't issued a family... I'm not entirely sure, but I'm pretty sure that we keep preaching that you have ot prepare your family for a deployment."
Green bird = good Red bird = bad or How to succeed in solo queue ranked
"Lets give quins sias their life steal back Qin's Sais Comeback? So let me start of by saying I think that Smite is in a REALLY good place right now. There are so many legitimate gods to choose from in ranked right now. I've only been playing for about a year now, but this is the most balanced I've seen the game. But since the nerf of Qin's, we've seen very little from Osiris and Kali. I know Osiris recently got a small buff, but it's not putting him at the top of any list. So I just want to get the community's thought on putting Qin's back to the way they were, or at least getting them close to where they were. It just adds more diversity to picks and bans and I don't think it would break anything. If anything it would mix up the standard bans of Sylvanus, Thor, Serqet, Athena, etc. Thoughts?"
I was gonna say the iPhone 7s I think you're thinking of the Marshall London phone.
"He was trying to be romantic! He's now blocked, by the way. What the hell made him think this was a good idea??"
"And it's all Bono and Steve Jobs' fault too! If they offered it as an opt-in freebie I would have no problem with it, but it downloaded automatically and can't really be removed from iCloud.... That is overstepping a line IMO."
"What is wrong with society when we can't even leave nice gifts for our neighbors anymore? Dolls like these have been left on the doorsteps of several homes in Southern California. They are porcelain and each have a striking resemblance to the residents' children in the respective homes, causing authorities to become involved. Link to article in comments."
"Guess I'd better pick myself up by my bootstraps then, thanks for the wise words! If you're working your fingers to the bone to make pennies it's your fault and not someone else's. End of story."
"Oh, you mean our savior that speaks for all of us and got every one of us to raise our ol' stars and bars high above our red roofs so that God himself could see it? *cough* Dylann Roof *cough*"
That's racist! I like how every primary post in this thread is blaming someone other than the actor.
"Get a new gpu, I suggest the gtx 480 Any way to pump out more FPS on fallout 4? I have shadowboost and godrays off but in Far Harbor (beta access) im getting drops (im still getting drops in the commonwealth, but not as often) Anyway i could make it run better? thanks. Im playing all medium and high textures."
"Yeah but Payet's flashy and good at free kicks so he's better. Payet has 9 goals and 9 assists, Ozil has 18 assists and 6 goals, I don't think it's ridiculous to prefer Ozil."
"Pretty sure Todd said that all players have to follow the main quest, and they realized that players don't really care about the side quests anyway. Hoping the main quest doesn't force us to follow/find our family I want my son and wife/husband to be completely dead. That way the story can focus on the wasteland and the factions. I want no quests related to finding my family (Following in His Footsteps Part II), no plot twists that they are still alive. Otherwise, this game will have too similar of a plot as Fallout 3 and I am really itching for something new. But I give Fallout 4 a 50/50 chance of involving your wife or son and I feel like that would completely limit/tie down my main character. Thoughts?"
"Ah, RIGHT, the son is the selfish one in this situation! I say bang him. If your son wants to be selfish, fuck it."
"Wait a minute.... You have to be wrong because i'm always right I never made argument to whether or not he was reaching for the firearm, only that his hand was free and not restrained. Not being restrained would allow him make an attempt to reach for the firearm. In the same video I referenced though you hear the officer say ""he's going for the gun"" after which he is pulled closer to the individual. That motion could be one of two things in my opinion from what we can see. The officer was either attempting to stop him from reaching into his pocket in a last ditch effort or he was starting to have some control but was pulled down while holding the arm right after saying he is going for the gun. If the officer is in such a position that the individual can still go for the firearm while he is holding his arm does he really have control? It may surprise you but in some situations when adrenaline is pumping it can take much more then 2 officers to restrain one individual no matter their size. Have you ever seen a child need to be restrained to get a shot? I've seen it take multiple nurses to restrain a child. Now imagine trying to restrain an adult who is fighting with all they have. With the angles that we are given of the situation it is impossible to tell whether he was going for the firearm in his pocket or simply continuing to struggle with the officers. All we can do is speculate on the matter, and given the situation and what we do have available to us I believe it's reasonable to believe the individual was going for the firearm in his pocket."
"Michigan already tried this too, worked great the first time! Worked great for Wisconsin."
"I just love the Advertising built into Windows 8. I love the new progress bar that appears when you delete/paste/move files. It has the regular progress bar from before, but now it shows a graph of how fast it's going. It's the little things, really."
But he wears dorky glasses He's a fucking piece of shit thug.
But when guys do it it's okay cause we can't help it or something Guys cheat too
Since 2 weeks has passed o shall let it slide. my bad it was me being bad to typing i meant it was 280X. sry for the typo.
"Well, we can use a new CVS. Wendy's in New Dorp is closed. RIP. Pour your frosties out."
"But it's still all republicans fault! Obama appointed him, and he got unanimously voted in by the Senate. *Unanimously*. We can't get political parties to decide on anything important, but they will all stand in agreement that a lobbyist should be running the department in charge of all data exchange in the country."
"Maybe hes paranoid from the adderall. Do you really think that they would 'test' your honesty by giving you a larger dose of a controlled substance prescription? Think what would happen if that dose was too much and you fell ill. You could sue the fuck out of everybody, the pharmacy, the doc, hell even the pill manufacturer, I don't know. This is the real world, and people just don't do irresponsible and stupid shit like giving people extra drugs as a test. Enjoy your free drugs."
"Still don't get it. Seriously? In case this wasn't scarcasm: You know how if you drop some food coloring into a cup of water, it will spread out and evenly colour the whole body of water in a few minutes? That's what's happening here, only instead of a glass of water, it's water forming the word ""water"" which was previously applied with a pen or brush. Whatever ink misses the water hits the paper and doesn't spread."
Something something where is yer northern powerhouse Well it's their own fault for being to blame and for having annoying accents and for thinking they are cool when they are in fact not cool.
"[](/galatavi) Same, I put my makeup on every morning. I always look fab!"
"Porque, comparado con Obama, Macri sale en la foto como ""el blanco"". Pienso igual que vos, pero en el caso de que Macri llegue ir a USA es mejor tener foto con Obama que con Trump."
"It's the bad grammar that really adds to the credibility of the poster cuz patriarchy, that's why"
He is the one who reduces the heavy ammo everytime you die. who is deej? I always see this in posts and never knew who it is
"I was thinking Basil Hayden's and Bakers represent great value Hi Beam Marketing, Eat a dick. K, thanks, bye."
I'm sure things will clear right up once Hydro One is privatized! Ontario Hydro Rates Over 5 Years Have Nearly Doubled
"did you try turning it off and on ? Every warning light comes on when I turn the car on, but goes away after I turn on the engine. (2007 Camry) I'm assuming it's just a check and not a problem, but I thought I would ask."
But feminism taught me that fraternities are breeding grounds for misogyny and toxic masculinity! Philadelphia fraternity cooks Thanksgiving dinner for the city's homeless population for the 16th straight year
"U mad coz bad. Dark Souls players are the worst, man. If you point out a flaw of the game they accuse you of being a ""filthy casual"" who can't handle the ""difficulty""."
Very funny orignal definitely not a circlejerk These Worlds matches are taking too long. It's taking away time from this excellent analyst desk!
Yeah I hate that you cant make it obvious that you are being sarcastic. The internet needs sarcasm fonts. T_T
You know if they were playing the Red Wings that'd be a goalie misconduct penalty. Pekka Rinne receives a HUGE hit
But don't you see the free market always works out Yeah I'm sure thise corporations won't interfere at all.
"FD you took more than 6 months but ""thanks !"" So promotion might finally work, yes, and wake scanners working in supercruise? Nice! Overall quality fixes. Thanks FD!"
Why read the article when the title of the post tells the entire story? You're telling me you comment without reading the article?!
"What about the G code bruh? Shit I wouldn't go that far. I'll take a detention, I dgaf I ain't no snitch. But yeah anything serious I'm out fuck that"
As a Texan I look forward to spending several million tax dollars so our politicians can score points with the far right and have it thrown out in court. Proposed Bill Would Make Teachers Out Their LGBT Students
Dev time well spent Group pose features in patch 3.2 coming.
"O rly we don't do combos anymore? What the fuck, he didn't even ask you"
nice buff to elaina Update Notes - Tue Dec 22 2015 - Christmas Update
make a keychain To build or to sell for a build?
"Might as well shoot your dog's yourself Dave the cops a bullet. LPT: Chain, muzzle, sedate, and hide your dog when calling the cops."
"Modern feminism tells us that women choosing to stay at home it's their choice and therefore equally valuable. That's the reality yea, but do you think it's how it should be? Do you think men are just naturally more likely o be risk takers, or do you feel men are pushed into taking more risks to make more money in a way women aren't? Maybe it's both? These facts don't really tell us that much I think."
"Well he just Brady isn't a lock, so there you go Rodgers is certainly already there. Show me a QB with 2 MVPs who is not in."
You're not a gamer if you're not a PS-gamer! wouldn't it be great though if all gamers could enjoy these games?
He and dubi area the equivalent of literally Hitler and the devil. Too bad Tortorella ruined team USA.
"Hey, it's Christmas now for the next 2 months! Reddit, Baby... I thought you knew better."
MQ-9 Reaper; but what if the drone fires back? New state bill would let cops shoot down drones
"Antimage + spectre + sniper is totally a great lineup for this gamemode! Me and my friend have around 8k+ Ability points from the CM arcana, we still got stomped by a team (not beast) with just lvl 1 upgrades for their beast, since our other teammates didn't know how to pick their heroes, and refuse to upgrade the beast because they thought the points were used to buy items. It's not pay2win, but pay4advantage, but not a guaranteed win."
"But I like Gaiden! When this is over let's take this and the lord slapfight and mathematically deduce the sub's favorite games, from Thracia to Awakening"
It's called Socialism If only we had some sort of national organization that collected money from people in order to provide public works projects and provide for the common defense and provide other essential services necessary for our liberty and common weal.
good to see the whole 40 seconds Snax being Snax
"I'm an american, BoG Goku exists and is the current version here, [1 more reason America is better] Remember that in some places on Earth, like good ol' Blighty, BotG isn't out yet. So to me, it never happened. BotG Goku doesn't exist to me or any Brit until November 10^th (I think)!! I called it!! STAND YOUR GROUND OL' CHAPS!!"
Based on that photo I can *clearly* see that his size led to him physically dominating the other players Ruling: Boy can stay on girls field hockey team
"What's a girl? ""No girls allowed"""
"But no one will need to rent because they can just buy cheap homes.. Right, right? So your affordability plan is to screw renters?"
"I have this feeling in my gut, I think it's an ulcer OOH OOH DOES THAT MEAN MY JUDAISM IS CONFIRMED NOW? What do you say when a theist says they believe because ""they can feel the Holy Spirit"", or something similar? If you were debating a theist, how would you rebut this argument? I think the obvious one is that if you use that logic then every religion must be true, because every religious person claims to feel a connection with their god. At this point, in my experience, they will say one three things: 1. People of other religions claiming a connection to God are either lying or delusional 2. Everyone is actually connecting to the same god 3. All I know is that I feel this connection, I don't really care or think about what people of other faiths feel. What do you think of these responses, or any others that you have heard given?"
"Dom takes all the tren I'm a very frequent poster on FitIt and help people quite a bit. I have never seen OP over there. He already admitted he made that post because he got downvoted in Matt's latest thread for saying he used gear. OP is pussy hurt right now. There's **never** been an unrealistic expectation surge from n00b lifters on FitIt. At most, it's a random comment and people let them know that chances are, they will have to use gear to get the look they want. Something else people aren't understanding is the vast majority of FitIt users do not want to be like Matt or Kai. They want to look like Dom from Bro Science."
You forgot the Doesn't a democracy mean once more than 51% of people want something it becomes law?
"Why the quotes around his middle name? ""There's no tying in baseball!"" - Tom ""America"" Hanks"
George Karl doing his best Ty Corbin impersonation tonight. Game Thread: Boston Celtics @ Sacramento Kings. Coach Karl Era is here.
"KG hade to get 2 other superstars to get a ring, Timmy got a ring alone KG was a better rebounder, scorer and passer in his prime. Duncan had him on D but not by a crazy amount. I'd take KG any day"
Sell it and buy an iPhone Anyone know how to do this for android?
"lirik wants a bazooka in the game Np, next patch. Problem with clegg is that he's more interested in providing what lirik wants than what the actual player base wants."
That's due to the estrogenic like substances in beer Or more beers
"Yeah, Rick Perry and Donald Trump and Scott Walker and Jeb Bush are MUCH more intelligent and tech savvy then Hilary Clinton. I'm surprised that her complete lack of respect for computer security has not damaged her chances of obtaining the votes of younger generations. I see her as an old fart with no sense when it comes to technology. How could she possibly govern our nation?"
"Why spend any money on advertising when reddit posts are free? The post says they spend 100% of their budget on development. I think you should allocate *some* money to marketing. It pays off in the long run, if done correctly."
Have a downvote ;) Lmao. Have an upvote.
"Maybe UKIP should put out a list of approved hosts so the BBC doesn't make such a terrible error next time. English as a second language should make for a great presenter of comedy show... she can drive, so can Tanner Foust, and he's obnoxious because of it, but at least he can speak the language clearly."
"But I thought Intel was active in the SJW scene How fucking dare you use the ""I"" word in regards to these people, I'm seriously disappointed in you...friend."
its a conspiracy! You don't even need to go that far. The Egyptians - a theocratic empire which wrote everything down *in stone* - never once mention any plagues of Egypt nor Jews in Egypt aside from a few mercenaries.
"Ofcourse russians has no right for opinion if it not shares western values fucking russians are brigading this thread, need to ip ban those fuckers"
Asia Amore In her defense I can't think of a better girl streamer who can actually play.
Nice blogpost And still a virgin
"Google has a serious partisan bias! I just don't understand people who can take these things as fact. All of them can be disproved with 5 minutes of googling. Is it just that they're so used to not having the world's knowledge at their fingertips, or are they just willfully shutting out information that conflicts with their worldview?"
"But that's gentrification! Now get them to move there, live there, and put in work to make it better. Most people are ones who only come for events and then leave Detroit as a trash heap before going back home at the end of the night."
"You thinks its Admirable to fuck people over because its funny? I don't see most Norse gods as having a specific role, as many said ITT. For me they bring their unique personality to everything they do. seeing as the ancient Norse culture was indeed warlike, and most people in any given community had to fight or defend themselves rather often, it makes perfect sense to me that worshipers would explore the waring treats of their chosen gods and align themselves with gods who best represented them. I worship Odin mostly because for me he embodies the way I tend to look at the world. I respect the way he does thing, and the types of things he chooses to do. Even though I don't carry a spear around, I handle my social conflicts in a way I tend to associate with Odin's demeanor. Not because I have to act in a certain way, but because I think it admirable."
"Just what we need, Alex Jones to actually say something factual..... Well, it would be perfect to leak information to Alex Jones, because anything he says is immediately placed in the looney in bin."
I bet it has absolutely nothing at all to do with that aircraft trail streaming right through it. A rainbow cloud
"I could care less.. *Must have Or *Must've, if you must."
Yeah Lov Sak for the French defense Lovren too.
Yeah there is some sort of weird phenomenon where the bad players only end up on your team and not the other team ex cevo-m css player calibrated into potato bracket
"Seriously, we get so many gaming events that I don't go to any, because there's so many that I just can't decide. midwest op"
"No no no, any one that does not have the exact same beliefs as me is uninformed. Or MAYBE people have read and done research and have just come to a different conclusion than you? And ""corrupt media"" arguments don't work anymore. It's 2016 and everyone gets their information from the Internet, not ""The Media."""
"Well it WAS her turn It says a lot about her, or Slate for that matter, if the possibility of losing this election was ""unimaginable"""
He definitely wasn't from India... So this guy just added me and started messaging me out of nowhere...
"not like policies done 30 or so years ago (and some that continue to day) have any affect on what happens in the future or anything Decades ago, these days there are no excuses."
"Reading something that does not fit what they want to see They just ignore it FYI Our store closes at 5 PM on Sundays. 5:00 PM: ""Okay, let's change the sign to 'Closed' and finish cleaning up."" 5:03 PM: A customer pulls into our parking lot. Regardless of the fact that our Open/Closed sign was flipped to Closed, the lights off, and the store empty (except for myself and another employee), we still had a customer come in. Seeing as the other employee and myself both wanted to close and get the fuck out (and that she hadn't actually started closing), I caught the guy at the door and politely and apologetically said, ""Hey man, I'm sorry, we're closed. Our registers are shut down already."" This peach says, ""Oh...*shit*. Really? FYI, you should really lock the door so customers don't come in."" FYI, you inbred fucker, our sign says ""Closed"". FYI, our business hours are on the front of the store FYI, most businesses close early on Sundays, which is on you to check that. FYI, you're a dick, and I sincerely hope we lose your business. Obviously I didn't say any of this to him, but goddamnit, why can't people use their eyes and brains at the same fucking time?"
But Jeb and Clinton are still inevitable tho Sanders and Trump: How the Political and Media Establishment Got 2016 So Wrong
"Don't worry, our Forbes 400 richest 'muricans are keeping all our money safe for us and they say they will fund charities to take care of our needs, we don't need no stinking wealth for the people fund. Only 5 million people live in Norway, but thanks to hoarding of its oil wealth, Norway runs the largest sovereign wealth fund, containing 1% of ALL stocks and bonds in the world"
"Let's see, cops are getting shot left and right, so left fuck with them... Brilliant... No he did not, he never touched him. The cop flinched a little, that's it."
"Unless it used to be a bank, not interested. So I converted my garage into a bar/movie theater, what do you guys think?"
"Freedom isn't freedom unless you can grope whomever you want whenever you want. Trump supporters believe they're the most oppressed people on Earth. Meanwhile they're living in one of the best countries on Earth, they have been here for generations, they own several guns, enjoy tons of freedom, and now have taken over the most successful party in the history of American politics. They aren't oppressed- anyone can see this. They always talk about the left's victim complex- but at least it's with historically marginalized groups. This victim complex is MUCH worse and MUCH more insane and irrational."
Right stick ofcourse Right stick on all gamepads unless you rebind. Dno what the PC button is.
"Wait, i thought Hiroshima and Nagasaki were the only cities we bombed? The firebombing of Japan in WWII"
ISIS planning immigrant attack on Jewish schools and kindergartens.... ISIS planning imminent attack on Jewish schools and kindergartens
Yeah why aren't those damn Chinese giving me free shit? So many random Chinese random shit on sopcast....yet none of them can deliver a hi res stream of the game..
yeah because a guy or a group of them can't physically overpower me before i get to it Carry a gun
So am I so why not send me nudes? This is why I don't use kik threads any more IM 14 GOD DAMNIT
"But the thought the war on drugs stopped all that drug abuse? Because when they're on drugs, non lethal weapons usually don't work."
"Don't give him ideas Imagine if Scott did this. Its been years later, some fans still hold on. SL didn't answer all of it, some things are confusing. The movie came out, it was good, but not great. In short, nothing really tells us anything. Scott decides to do an AMA with some of his fans. Rather than freaking him out and telling him questions about the lore, everyone acts calm and collective. Hours later Scott says this: ""You all where so great today, i couldn't have such better fans. But now, its time for me to put the story to rest"". On Scottgames, a link is shown. ////The Missing pieces, p.1/////"
"yaaaaay taxes... I think people tend to be pretty reasonable with this kind of stuff so you wouldn't need to be too specific, and I believe MSRP differs greatly across states. A padron 1964 is $8 in FL and $18 in NYC (looking forward to the sunshine state in 2 days!)."
"We can expect this to explode for the next week via MSM, right? Based Hannipede: Hillary plagiarized! She said: ""American is great because it is good."" Lifted quote from Alexis de Tocqueville!"
"Makes sense to me... TF2 is definitely more competitive than CSGO TF2 allows you to disable that as a regular setting, no idea why cs:go doesn't have that."
Wat? HEY EVERYONE I JUST GRADUATED GAME DESIGN SCHOOL AND I HAVE TONS OF IDEAS FOR GAMES. I CAN'T TELL YOU THEM BECAUSE YOU MIGHT STEAL THEM.
"oh shit, Obama needs to fact check this. SNL rips Obama on Ebola"
Man Battlefield is so realistic. The AT Rifle..
in his defence you missed the Sarcasm must be very new to you.
"Yeah, because cuteness will maintain the biodiversity like a bush shrew will Evolution gave them something that many other animals don't have. Cuteness independent of age and sex :3"
"Fouls OKC 18 Spurs 19 DAE REFS SO OP Okay I am an extremely casual fan of basketball, but watching this game has just made me angry with the officiating. I don't understand any of the calls and the constant calls never allowed a rhythm for the Spurs. Credit to OKC's offensive repounding, but way too many head scratching calls at important times."
"I had no idea that the Catholic Church is ""atheistic""! To be fair, if anybody posted an atheistic view of the same exact post, they would be held up and praised."
Lol.. posting stomps of IM teams totally a big reason to favor Rival in this matchup. lol that dude was trying really hard to find any reason to excuse his bet on rival.
"T2/T3 teams are LEM's TIL You watch to T2/T3 teams playing, what do you expect to see to be casted on pro level? For this level he's totally appropriate (LEM+ games are not entertaining and nothing *big* happens there, sorry) and it's all up to you will you watch him or not."
Because aggro is the ONLY counter to Jade decks. Yeah an then all the Jadedecks are going to beat you down.
"LOL yeah thats why we're still here 1400 years bitching about it. It imploded the moment muhammad died. It imploded so bad that Muslims are still fighting over who farted and created the islamic big bang,"
"yeah cause they can assassinate someone but can't figure out how to hack into a server Yeah but he has a contingency plan for that where if he isn't able to communicate for 72 hours, his website listing all the names goes live"
shadow assault Which is the best ult and why I just wanted to read someone's opinion on this subject
South Koreans come to vote in North Korea because the are jealous of glorious leader and want to join. That's why North Korea is the best country in the world. Voter turn out is 230%
It was all your fault! I remember having a conversation with my mom shortly before he died. She expected it would happen in the water because of how quick and agile he was on land but not water. I expected it would happen by some benign animal because he always used his own brand of caution on dangerous animals but was extremely casual and careless with animals that aren't dangerous. Turns out we were both right.
"But think of all the bureaucrats it employs! Driver's licence process too hard for many young West Australians, survey finds"
"No way, always thought that was a part of ""green energy"" Canada's oil sands are a major source of air pollution, airplane study shows"
"He said ""black QB's"" Even russell wilson has a cannon"
"Hide yo kids, hide yo wives! What if Adnan gets out of prison? What if through this podcast, Adnan is released from prison? What does his life look like? Does he sue the state? Does he help others like him? If he does get out, does the state go after Jay? Can they go after Jay, since he has already made his deal and ""served"" his time? Just wondering during the 166 hours until episode 8."
"Yes because catholics are actually isis I think you are almost correct. The problem lies in the poorer echelons of society. Typically crimes are far more common in low income, or even poverty areas. It just so happens that a higher percentage of people in poorer communities are black (I don't believe you are correct at all about violence in Islam, in fact there is just as much, maybe even more in the history of Christianity, particular Catholicism). Black people are typically poorer mainly due to the oppression that has been placed upon them. Hopefully in time it will level out but these things take a while. The link between black people and crime is therefore not a causal one, it is an incidental one."
Well it must be hardstyle be cause one of the genre tags on the soundcloud page says so. Is this song some kind of Hardstyle? If not does anyone know what it is?
"Yeah it's a shame we only get one PS4 game, so it'll just be Rocket League. Same here. I do hope it's not part of the PS+ line up either. Played the beta and while the game itself is really good, it's just not something I would play at all. Can understand that many people want it as PS+ game though."
"Cmon guys it's still everyone knows the client is still in alpha, and for this small indie company is difficult to process so many requests at the same time Login Queue ""Over 20000""?"
"Cool AMA, brah! 5 Companies (Mostly Tech), 20 Years Old, AmA - Ask me Anything. I started my first business (accidentally) at the age of 15. Out of boredom, my friend and I started an online game just for the two of us to play from the comfort of our homes. We had players hop onto the multiplayer game and disrupt our peace. We kept kicking them out. Eventually, they would keep trying to come back. Once we realized how loved our game was.. we opened it for everyone's use, it BOOMED... and 4 years later, here we are. I took care of the business side (management, monotization etc..), he took care of the tech side. I had over 120 people work for me over the 4 years.. keeping the cap of staff members at approx. 20-25 at a time. I came across many issues ranging from hackers, DDoSers, bug glitchers, staff issues (and internal theft), legal issues etc.. by the age of 18, I utilized the global network that the game has created for me. With that, I formed The Qaxis Group, which is a global organization that partners up with entrepreneurs or gonna-be-entrepreneurs to establish different projects. I sold the game that started this whole thing to one of my partners to focus on one of our biggest projects that is yet to come. It is definitely the biggest thing yet :). The Qaxis Group provides everything from funding, to business operations. Whether you are the one with the skill, or the idea, we get together and establish a business. Our major accomplishments are mostly in the tech industry (apps, websites..), we also have a marketing consultancy, real estate and are planning a gradual involvement in the food industry. Ask me anything :)"
"This trend of climbing to talk places and acting dangerously, is so cool Theory of Evolution by Natural Selection"
Sure they do. But I thought the right wanted government out of everyone's lives?
"Justice at last. China cracks down on ""Sport of Millionaires"" closing golf courses nationwide"
Chika is best grill So... who is best girl? My friend said Kitora but best girl is Konami and I was about to kick him out of my house for that.
"It's ok, no one in West Virginia can read it anyways... My friend was sent this as his new license plate and he wants to send it back. I say ride with pride."
"Development Namo style Vasundhara Raje trashes Metro, refinery projects"
Lewis hasn't given up on his dream of being a rally driver Mexico race start
"Yeah, because this site runs itself? I think we should all disable adblock on reddit."
"lol, I hate mormons too because my friends on 4chan do Fuck you, Mormons!"
"Yes, because the democrats are absolutely out to uphold the first and second amendments. Republicans treat the constitution like that one guy who eats all the pretzels in a bowl of trail mix."
"They're just following department policy brah. As far as I know, no USPS employee, FedEx driver, UPS driver, meter reader, landscaper, surveyor, maintenance person, Jehovah's Witness, Fuller Brush salesman, or anyone else who routinely goes onto other peoples' property ever shoots dogs. Yet somehow cops do it all the time, sometimes in front of children. At best it is cowardly and at worst it is sociopathic."
"Tough job, but someone's got to do it Council staff had to watch hundreds of hours of explicit CCTV for lap dancing club case, court hears"
"Unrealistic photo, you're getting above 30fps XR Falcon GT"
"oh yeah, i see the peace we have now If they wanted to live in a place where people are tortured, they could have just stayed home. Most refugees are people that flee from an inhuman society and just want to live in peace."
nice eyebrows! Hello nurse
"Yet so many of them don't know the law or break it often just to search someone's car, but hey if they find something its totally justified Not really, it is NOT the officers job to interpret law - it is their swore duty to uphold it. Whether or not the officer / public agrees with law is irrelevant. If the laws are bad - there is a process to change them, cops interpreting the law based on their belief is not one of them."
the definition of neato is a hyping over and over and over again that what a guy said before i kicked him because he was wrong but at the end he was right....all we do is hype over and over again now you know the definition of neato ? No? Tell me
5% of the Muslims are giving 99% of the answers obviously. It's obviously the 5% of Muslims that are turning Europe into a caliphate that are voting against him in these surveys.
That's why a striker has never beaten a grappler in the UFC But if they are just dodging backwards why the hell would you pursue? Just wait for them to overcome it like every practices is trained to tackle their dumb ass because they don't know how to grapple the obliterate them on the ground.
"[You're absolutely correct, Tim Drake is without a question better than Dick Greyson as a Robin in every way, shape, and form.] You misspelled Tim Drake"
"You're right, we should quit curing diseases and improving our lives as the benefits go more to rich people than others. I can't wait for the wealthy and powerful to, once more, claim genetic superiority over everyone else. Sounds like nobility 2.0 to me, and I want no part in it."
"What kind of a communist system is this? I'm sorry, I don't think you're getting this. You do realize that money *also* doesn't magically create materials out of thin air? The materials that are needed are, for the most part, donated by aid agencies and the Red Cross, all whom are not-for-profit agencies. They are funded by donations. When you donate $20 to the Red Cross, you are paying for supplies and doctors to go to disaster areas and provide medical care. The supplies and medical expertise have *already been paid for* - that's the whole point."
"But Justin Upton has been traded during the rain delay, and he'll hit a walk-off grand slam to send the Mets home winners! Storms moving out of Flushing area, Mets-Padres to likely resume soon"
"That's pretty ableist, we white people have volume too! I'm all for calling out racism, but recognizing that ethnic hair is more voluminous than caucasian hair isn't racism."
"We need a federal law that makes it a felony to send a letter to congress without a return address. The article says that it had no return address. If there is a screening process for mail going to politicians like this, it'd probably be worth holding."
"Fuck ""reality"" and it's liberal bias. Why does the MSM accurately quote Donald and then make him answer for the rediculous things he says? That's so biased and leftist."
"Domestic violence is only a crime for men. Funny how nobody said shit about how she beat her nephew, but everyone was willing to criticize athletes like Ray rice. Fucking ridiculous."
"Yes, let us move the brain to a spot where a gut punch can literally kill you... Genius"
Omg the bomb glitch Maux with the Sticky Fingers Bomb Plant
The Phantom Menace - literally a war crime Remember what Himmler did to all the guys who illegally copied *The Triumph of the Will*? Just like Nazi Germany indeed.
Because if you support Bernie Sanders your life goal is to live the luxurious life of unemployment. Bernie supporters nightmare is more like it.
"yeah man one time I fell down and scraped my knee after taking ""acid"", last time I bought from that dealer Does anyone else remember that 1000 ways to die episode where the girl dives into an empty pool because she was on ""acid"" and thought it was full? I may be wrong, but I'm pretty darn sure that wasn't actually acid. Why they gotta do us like that"
"42 obviously a cx series, amirite? Giving away Dark Souls PTDE. Pick a number between 1 and 333. While I am here, can someone give me advice on what PSU I should get for a i7 6700k and a GTX 970 both with a mild overclock? I am considering a Corsair RM 750, but I have heard that their are better alternatives, I have a soft cap of $120. I will notify the winner tomorrow at 12PM CST."
It could have been 17 16 point lead at halftime is literally the best that could have gone.
It's emergency air Not sure how this would help
i'm seven hours late to the comment party lol. I get offended when people are late and think it's funny. My short time on this earth isn't a fucking joke to me.
How many? The Five gum wrappers.
Apparently everyone on reddit is much healthier and a better parent than you OP. Me as a parent
"ja maar alle diertjes :'( Wealthy Dutch Tourists Hide Their Faces In Shame For Participating in Legal, Drive-By ""Hunts"": Hundreds animals such as antelope, wildebeest and baboons were herded through a narrow track lined by elevated platforms for the ""hunters"", who take close range shots as the animals run for their lives"
"Yeah, if anything weird is going on in your house like this it has to be a ghost! This is the second time I have come home to find the attic access panel open"
"This is totally the LAPD's fault, because *they* pressed the panic alarm. LAPD, using excessive amounts of your tax dollars, so people can prank each other, and to play video games."
Mexico Who is than?
Should of called him for flopping Harden with his best 3-point celebration yet
"Surely my post about vaccinations causing autism is just 'information' and not harming anyone in any way, i'm helping! I hate when people post stuff indiscriminately. Don't just share stuff. Take a minute and look at what you are posting. Stop posting pictures that have gone around forever. Before you put up a post warning of danger, take two seconds and check snopes. I am horrible at looking stuff up and I still do this with no trouble. Some images are really disturbing and should not be circulated around. I don't care if people post images of their own premies. That is different, but I don't want to see premies all the time. I lost my daughter six days after birth. She was a premie and was in the NICU (she ended up having a fatal genetic disorder that we didn't know she had until after she was born). Seeing babies who are likely not going to survive can really cause me a lot of pain. I had to defriend people over it."
"I won't be satisfied until I know EXACTLY which shirts their team wore! TIL Japan successfully landed an unmanned spacecraft on an asteroid, collected samples in 2005. The probe returned to earth in 2010."
"No, it is the minority party that is preventing change. The health care fight is not a contest between Republicans and Democrats. It's between those who have been bought by the health industry and those who have not."
But it's a movement. Once this guy sells out he goes all out.
"But they have different kinds of Nurofen to target the type of pain I'm having! Neurofen is just ibuprofen, don't waste money just buy the supermarket brand ibuprofen it's exactly the same thing."
Similar problem for me... I mean who in their right mind would start Megatron over a prime talent like Devon Bess... And I have Hartline on my Bench....damnit 245 yards receiving and a TD as of 7pm est...
"Am I the only one here who really wanted more episodes of Firefly? Firefly. It just,.....ended"
"Wait, so Moss didn't have back to back 1000 yard seasons with the Raiders? Brandon Marshall is the first player in NFL HISTORY with multiple 1000-yd receiving seasons with 3 teams."
"Oh yeah... Obviously fake tits and a beef-jerky, bony body on a middle-aged woman is SO hot. Metal Mom loves Danzig"
Yeah because Islamic women rejecting their religion and rebelling from their family usually works out so well. Your wife needs to put her foot down with her family.
"Get drunk before playing. How to get over matchmaking anxiety? So I've lost ~30 matches with 1 win every 3-5 losses. I'm scared of playing, because that win is JUST enough to keep my rank. I'm stuck with 2 outcomes that I can't change. I either win, and get closer to ranking back up, or, losing and ranking down. I've taken multiple breaks. What do I do?"
"especially the scaling ones suck in the late game, right ? You do realize that runes and masteries are only really useful early game anyways, right?"
"Yeah, guess I'd need more than this economics degree I have to match wits with an enlightened statist such as yourself. If you read basically any introductory college textbook on economics, history or politics I think you'll see why you're wrong."
"Yeah, you can always run them over afterward and get your money back. Aren't prostitutes supposed to take the money upfront?"
Nope everything should work 110% of the time and we should not need their awesome RMA services never ever Shipping out a solution for free in a timely manner isn't good enough?
"""Yeah but never forget its your white privilege that causes black on black crime."" Young black males are at greater risk from their peers than from the police or white civilians."
"Clearly the answer is to make it mandatory to give your opponent a trigger warning before attempting to say good game or shake hands. Seriously. I get that some people in this world are thin-skinned. That's their problem, the world doesn't need to walk on egg shells. Certainly not to the point where they sacrifice sportsmanship because the person might be pouting."
I think the slow down upon hit didn't end for C. Falcon since he was slipped from the edge at the same time resulting in the slow falling animation. can anyone explain this
That's great news. I can on a gamepad..
"Devalues my resting farmer. Once seen, you cannot unsee this. May we please have this changed to match the one on the left?"
"Damn racist Half-Jaw, only glassing Africa What happened to the African Glasslands in Halo 3? In Halo 3, part of Africa is glassed to contain the flood outbreak. What's going on in that area of the world right now in the story?"
Le jaguars face. People use memes in this subreddit
Let's fuck sometime? It was a joke you gaylord.
Doesn't matter since it's fiction So many of these post boil down to dbz being poorly written
TIL Trump is an Anti-Semite Trump pledges to be 'neutral guy' in Israel-Palestinian negotiations
"This is Reddit, stop expressing adult opinions! No, being annoyed is one thing. Showing or expressing it, making parents feel bad for having their kid in reasonable public places (ie food courts at malls, fast food places, etc.) , is another. My kids are older now, but I cannot express how many complete assholes are out there who get upset when people bring babies to the mall, a store, a bus, etc. I understand that a baby should not be at a movie or a fine restaurant or other adult-focused places, but beyond that, if you have a problem with a baby or young kid in public, keep your opinion to your damn self."
Apparently women are just naturally that way. You say that like Maggie wasnt basically doing the same thing to find Glenn.
"What's Vermont? That would be Vermont. NY also has a history of having one of, if not the most corrupt state governments. They're right now working at getting e-cigs banned, accept for some reason the ones manufactured by Big Tobacco are immune from the legislative hammer."
"How did you play a game that came out in 2025? I get what you're saying, but Madden 16 is actually a lot different than 15. They changed quite a bit. Source: Played a lot of Madden 25, 15, and 16 before selling my Xbox One."
"But why are they coming here, when we are such an oppressive white supremacist culture according to the SJWs? Calais Port Security Boosted After Strike Chaos"
"yeah, nothing makes me happier than a li ming that soaks top lane all game. Wouldn't you rather play with good players than constantly bash your head against the keyboard when people make continually awful mistakes? Or they never listen? Or they think they are the most amazing person when they are actually not that great?"
"That's 1,930 times the power! EVGA Graphics card labeled as both the 970 and 960"
"Not Exodia, Obelisk, of Slifer, 0/10 Since Amonkhet is only 6 months away, I decided to make a cycle of Legendary Egyptian God creatures with very flavorful effects"
Ah that clears it up I have friends and family that use Reddit... That's why I use this throwaway account.
"Yeah I bet this thing didn't impose any major risks. Chevrolet 3-wheel commuter, designed by Shinoda for Chevrolet Engineering Staff."
Ask 12 year olds about going to the GYM. Slightly off topic question to Fitness fnatics
"*ahem* It's ""Shoot enemies to make yourself die"", basically shoot enemies to damage yourself and heal enemies. These players didn't get that far; they couldn't get past the remedial ""shoot your enemies to make them die"" lesson."
"Yes, but I am not telling Anyone got 6.0 yet? What title says"
"Still sounds kinda lame The ball is actually a data storage device containing information about how the plan to assassinate a tyrannical dictator is actually a trap. the bad guy has just thrown the ball off the top of a skyscraper, you jump off the building after it and so do you. as you fall you engage in a free fall gun duel, ending in his death, you then face down towards the ball, grabbing it just before it hits the ground and brakes, engaging your jetpack shoes, flying back to the top, and broadcasting the data to the CIA, thus saving America"
This is what happens when you introduce bonds :( Burning away all the gp she bought with her social security checks.
"But she has a Chinese sounding name. I think Loo voters are going to mostly go towards Weiner. I don't think Asian-American solidarity is as strong in SF as Chinese-American solidarity, so I don't think Kim gains a whole lot being a non-Chinese Asian-American."
"I just go and shitpost on reddit about it ""gg ez"", how to reply From my experience, the most effective thing to reply is to ask in /all to report them for having erectile disfunction and lack of virility, supported by the fact that they feel so bad about it that they have to brag about a game. Been working 9/10 for them to get mad"
"need proof, say your rsn so a Jmod can tell us if the game logs check out with your story I just wanted a toy cat"
Why are you infusing logic into the discussion? Land that will be acquired according to LAB for making industrial corridor will be near railway line in 1Km radius. It won't matter if TATA's own the land or Mahindra.
I've waited so long for this XBox And PlayStation Gamers To Get 'Farming Simulator 15'
"But the Coloradoans for Responsible Energy Development had a biologist tell me that fracking is good on the commercial! Scientists say fracking wastewater spills are releasing toxins into soil and waterways: high levels of lead, ammonium, selenium, and even radium detected"
That's because it is... Laundrette sounds more feminine.
because America is totally ***not*** an ***Imperial*** nation US special operations forces deployed to 135 countries in 2015
Just imagine how many Jews you could kill with that thing... German engineering at its finest
"Well in that case, you must be a troll. Here in Canada I see the same thing as you."
"Looks good for a first time, but thin your paints... Space Wolves Venerable Dreadnought I'm working on"
Was Walters offside though? Scotland earn crucial point in Dublin
And what is his address and social security number? What was his name and what teams was he on?
"Um, if Facebook experts have taught me anything it's that if a dog is wagging it's tail then they are obviously not a threat. Topeka Officer Shoots Dog Terrorizing Park"
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL never saw this joke before! Amazing Shot of Annie's Boobs
He's clearly just choosing not to get laid in order to avoid the chance of having kids Homeboy just can't get laid.
"Hitler liked dogs I really don't like the argument: ""It's worse somewhere else, so why are we even bothering?"" This creature is in pain and it is suffering, it is in no way relevant to people dying in Africa. The world didn't go wrong because of sympathy to animals."
"But God will sort it all out in the next life! This is the main problem with Mormon polygamy. It's still doctrine. They practice it in the temple every time some dude marries a second wife for all time. At least one Apostle is on his second eternal wife - Nelson. He's married both in the temple - both for all time. This dude is in line for the power seat, and he's a living, breathing, shitting polygamist. I'm tired of their attempts at covering this up. Just own it. They still practice polygamy. It's part of the culture and doctrine and always will be."
"banned for cheating The towns are NOT causing the lag, something else is. Ok, listen up. I kept hearing that the towns were causing lag. So, I decided to investigate. I broke the rules a bit in this, sorry. I got a lot of x-rays and wallhacks to view crown mesa, woodrin, dick desert, and callieville for anything causing lag. I viewed every single chunk of every single large city I could get to. Nothing, nadda. Currently, I have found nothing. At all. There is a problem with the server. Not with the map. I'll check Yiff Island soon."
"Hard to tell which ones were for the leadership challenge and which were just the normal background level of anti-Tory death threats. Any idea if this sort of thing happened with Andrea Leadsom, or any of Theresa May's leadership rivals?"
"Wait a second.... You mean to tell me that free on-street parking within a block of my home isn't a constitutionally guaranteed right? Just no. Sound transit does not need to pay for parking permits. Those people wanted parking permits to protect their PUBLIC parking, they either get to fight it out, or pay for parking permits. No having your cake and eating it too."
That's a very professional flop. Enes Kanter sporting a bandage under his chin. Four stitches he said from a Draymond Green arm in fourth quarter.
"Perhaps they should crack down on all the legally procured weapons these gang members are purchasing. You think that's bad? Safety warnings are going out to all CPD officers in certain districts, especially D9. The SD's are getting ready to go to war with rival gangs and this is only going to get worse. Source: Part of my job"
The only logical way to combat guns is with more guns. NRA's statement on Sandy Hook: put an armed officer in /every school in America/.
"You clearly seem to have forgotten how the constitution was built on christian values and the whole ""one nation under god"" and swearing on the bible etc. The fact Republicans are pro-theocracy and yet somehow proclaim to be ""Constitutionalists"" will be the biggest joke politics will ever see."
"When r/cutefemalecorpses pops up, people are gonna know something is up. Why bother? 99% of other Redditors know you have visited one of those subs, hidden or not, and 100% of the people that don't visit Reddit wouldn't know any better if those were all you visited or just what categories are available."
"Wow this tournament just keeps on getting stacked and stacked. Brace Yourselves, Winterfox is Coming to Northern Arena"
spiders... spiders everywhere... the fun... yay. limited spiders Spider cards should have the eggs they generate halved rounded up maybe?
"Is it as under the radar as Goon? Just Before I Go. A Sean William Scott film that has gone totally under the radar and should be noticed. This movie is one of the best dramedies I have ever seen. It deals with so many topics and in such a harsh but somewhat endearing way that it's just awesome. Sean William Scott is so underrated and plays the bullied, nostalgic, loner that never got what he wanted perfect. And kate Walsh and Garret dillahunt are hilarious and sad at the same time. I would say Kyle gallner (who I despise) did phenomenal in his role. I won't spoil anything else but if you like garden state or any dark comedies similar I would suggest this."
"Fifteen year old kids being fully versed in the ""Rules of War"". The rules of war make it quite clear that Khadr was not fighting for his country. Irregular combatants can be protected under the conventions if they are fighting an invading force inside their own country and carry their weapons openly. Khadr met none of those requirements."
"Dude, I'm logged into newegg and it says $450 $399 GTX 1070 in Stock!"
"Young'uns don't remember the 3 launcher days .... Infernity with 3 Archfiend and 3 barrier, whilst that may not be fair. Goddamn was it a LOT of fun."
Well you see being fat is worse than being a drug addict cuz drug addicts know its bad but still do it while all fat people think big macs are healthy Today I learned that being fat is worse than being a drug addict.
"TIL hand grinders are effective at grinding stuff If you want something durable, I use a coffee grinder. If you want something simple, durable, cheap and highly cleanable, use a hand grinder."
"No, but if you buy my new book ""Crippled America,"" you'll find out why the DIRTY CHINESE, MUSLIMS, and ROTTEN RAPIST MEXICANS are preventing you from realizing your green-clad, titan filled wet dreams. Are you here to give me a small loan of a million Titan X's?"
"I picked it up on Blu-Ray for, like, $5. Cars."
Harder than a falling elevator How hard do you jump?
"Well hope you had a good life Got thermal compund/paste on my finger should I be worried? Was pulling apart an old optiplex 360 that doest work and got some thermal paste on my fingers, cleaned it off with soap when I noticed should I be worried?"
"Ahem, religion of peace! Omar Mateen called 911 just before club shooting, swore allegiance to Islamic State, multiple law enforcement officials say - NBC News"
Glad to see they're working all of our nation's most pressing issues. House bill would ban human-animal hybrids
"Nah dude, pokego can totally read your YouTube data, pick up on images and then react in-game. Freaked out by this ""Coincidence"" Okey, so atm i'm watching ""Pokemon first time we see Blastoise"" on youtube while playing pokemon and prepping a mass evolve sessh' Then suddenly i see a squirtle popp up right next to my house. and yeah i though it was weird since it's the first one i've ever seen in my area... then right before i engaged it, i see another one spawn right next too it. (Yeah I caught both of them) i'm just freaked by this coincidence I know its a wild shot, but does anyone (other than me) think that this was no ""Coincidence"" at all?"
Time for Jagex to introduce instakill darts in OSRS so they can get the juicy membership money from you guys! ^THIS! I have lost all desire to play OSRS until I get my hands on that fucking piece of shit cape
Noooo it was the Russians And the dnc hates him so much they cheated him out of the primary
I am sure they will trade the 100$ variant for the 10$ one.. ill trade you Diablo for the Murloc?
I wondered who NYDN was going to endorse. Daily News Editorial Board: Vote Hillary Clinton in N.Y.
"Is that why Obama wants to shut it down? I don't think Hillary should go to prison because, in my opinion, high-ranking politicians who betray the public's trust belong in Gitmo."
I'm waiting for him to get a haircut before i watch any new videos of his. Marc Doty's intro to the Dave Smith Instruments Pro 2
"Guessing the bonnet will be welded shut so you can't touch it... Phil Schiller said in a recent apple keynote that apple was receiving ridiculous product requests, ""including a car."" Steve was known to publicly poo poo ideas only to later come out with the exact product months or years later. Maybe Schiller is keeping that Steve tradition alive. Maybe Apple is indeed working on its own self driving car, and hopefully it's an electric one. I remember Tim talking about Tesla's gigafactory some time recently. They just might be the battery supplier. Don't forget, Tesla's patents have been released or whatever. If Apple can make a damn good car using Tesla tech, I will be first in line."
What you had the only responsible doctor in North America? No refills were allowed sadly.
"But why should I have to parent my kids when I can just make all of media do it for me. The game is rated Teen, it's not exactly marketed toward young kids who don't understand death."
"Because protests always change policies I'm actually shocked there isn't a greater movement in the Lower Mainland to protest this utter treachery of local Canadians. It sounds dramatic, but that's what it essentially is. Our politicians have been completely bought and they will not look out for us unless we force them to."
"Maybe add some JJ Abrams-esque lens flares to the old format and call it a day. I agree, to a point. I like they got down to answering more questions, but it felt like it was rushed. Keep the stream kick-back and relaxed a bit, but with a little bit of what we had in the new stream. (new camera angles etc were really nice btw)"
"NES got it right a b Speaking of Sega consoles, I think the Genesis had the easiest to remember. x y z a b c"
"LOLAJLOSES AJ Styles got the reverse Cena chant last night The men were chanting ""AJ Styles"" and the women and children were chanting ""AJ Sucks""."
"yep, I prefer the juicy juicy drama What is with this subreddit and its fascination with fucking loadout glitches it's so boring"
This is TOTALLY not safe for work. How to chance.
"Yeah, we should let teachers act like cunts as much as they like. The moment you realize political correctness has gotten *way* outta hand."
"You must be good at typing to write this in your sleep. Bungie, this is unacceptable I was using my Wormsinger Rune on the Dreadnaught, didn't know what it did, saw a giant ogre fall from the sky. Excited. Go Stormcaller kill all the ads, giant ogre's gonna need some work. Literally 2 seconds into the final fight... ""Contacting Destiny Servers"" Black screen for 2 minutes. I'm not getting back to orbit anytime soon. Destiny's kaput. No Wormsinger Rune refunded. And you know what, just cause we hate this guy so much, lets just fuck up his whole network. Turn off Xbox. Go to bed. Write this story. This is unacceptable."
"That's it, I'm done with BB. I like the theory someone mentioned in another thread that he is a Brony! Fits, and rounds out his character some."
"It's not bad ""Absolutely fucking amazing"" would be more accurate."
"You can't be racist against whites! You realize ""white boys"" is derogatory slang, right?"
"Good idea, make even more people suffer because of Castro. Whats the point of a 1000 year sentence if they cant even keep the guy alive for a month or two? The warden of that prison needs to be sacked."
"Yeah I'd buy 20 Corvette C7's instead. Carporn, not numbersporn. I'd spend $1.17 million on anything else."
Just a few cc's of work ethic should do the trick This makes me want to lift again... he and I have similar skeletal structures... all I need is a little work ethic...
"You leave my aunt outta this! So, where's the proof that you aren't having sex with your sister?"
The what? I'm trying to stick with the printed press these days.
"I'm sorry baby, I didn't mean to hurt you... If you'd just listen to me and quit making me so angry. And that's why he beats me: because he *loves me.*"
"Yeah, but its not a *real* superpac! The nurse's union that sponsored him operates their own SuperPAC. Don't remember anyone complaining about that or saying they're bad things."
"You shut your whore mouth! Ya, but maybe somebody who doesn't forget their gun in a bathroom, and then have said gun stolen..."
"Knowing the TO media, I'd say Babcock Who will be the first head coach fired in the 2015-2016 season?"
"Perhaps they should tell the other Christians what God really means, because apparently they got it right somehow. These people don't practice what they preach."
"Fuck off bitch, I'm Slav masterrace don't clump me in with those Gauls or fucking Anglo-Saxons. Whites are all caucasians. Asians are mongloids, dravidians, indo-aryans, arabs and what not."
"b-b-but my next-gen console got GTA V..... Textbook marking, done like a true member of the Master Race"
WE NEED SOME FUCKING FRENCHCOREEEE IS THERE A STONEBANK AND GAMMER COLLAB WHAT
"judging by yours downvotes, it looks like people did not took your I blame the complete lack of content and collapsing sub numbers Though I do wonder how much of the latter was gold farmers. The biggest drop off seemed to come after the introduction of the wow token..."
"right, because the seahawks were a model of health all season. The best thing about the NFL is that the most important factor isn't talent. Its health. The hawks look stacked but any given season.... This coming from a Packer fan"
"Um, its pronounced ""caw-bree-olay"", and i actually like the 996 headlights Fuckbag in a 996 vert"
"Invest in lead, globalism won't go out quietly. Will yen go up or down if.. If the situation in Italy, Holland, Germany, France etc., over the months ahead looks like turning right wingish and anti-EU, is the yen likely to weaken or strengthen against the euro/GBPound?"
Really good argument ADC always cry no matter the meta anyway. Be it tanks assassins bruisers poke or anything you want.
"""I know you are, but what am I!?"" No puppet, no puppet! You lot are as shit at insulting as your dumbdick choice for president."
"Play Katarina, you can win games using your forehead. Hi, I have quadriplegia and I was hoping for some advice on characters to play. I really enjoy playing Udyr. I can play him fairly well, but any champs that require aiming are very difficult. Can you guys recommend other champs that don't require me having my to aim my skill at other champs? I also like playing Rammus. I can get the taunt to go off on the right player about 70 percent of the time. Are there any similar bulky players? Thanks in advance"
"lol well that's a pretty bad example because wrestling is real friend Reality TV feels like the new wrestling to me. Most people know it's totally fake, though some defend it as real. But either way it draws a consistent audience"
"Well at least it went down on the weekend when nobody would be watching so, there's that. Too many people watching Luke Cage? Netflix is down."
That's racist! Pot meet kettle
"""I don't like the religion of Islam"" Such a bold stance to take in America these days... ""The Revolution""?"
"Yeah, the Salon articles that make it to the top are much better. Stop posting the Huffington Post. You're only helping this awful website to continue spreading shit all over like it was Nutella."
"I forgot Donald Trump was poor before 1999. When Fred Trump died in 1999 Donald got at least $100 million from him (not a loan). Yes it would still be impressive to turn $100 million into $10 billion, but don't act like a $1 million loan is all Donald got from his father."
Nah bro it's cool she's just like 9 ft tall. that looks like a pretty bad photoshop job
Because Patriarchy How is Big Red not on banned faces?
"Please refrain from swearing, there are kids on here! All too often, yes. I am sick of fucking parents who seek to restrict my reasonable actions so that they don't have to parent their own fucking kids."
You can't be sexist to men Well that's pretty sexist.
"But don't you know, SJWs can't be prejudiced or biased And yet they got angry about guys prematurely judging the new Ghostbusters. Funny"
He said exactly Around 7:00 AM.
"If by some super, super slim chance Bernie wins, he better invite Cornel to the inauguration ball, or there will be hell to pay Cornel West endorses Bernie Sanders"
Better than console! :/ not the case for me. weak GPU( gtx 750) on low 40 frames
"Yes, we all know megaminx has sides so it's a 5x5 Like a week ago someone asked if my megaminx was a 9x9. I died a little."
"Hopes and dreams, hopes and dreams I am pretty sure your MLT stuff transfers up here. ;) The weather isn't terrible - you get used to the snow. The healthcare, social services, and soon to be legalized weed are pretty great."
i believe that is still under debate We can put a man on the moon....
"Shouldve been romo ea why why did you give doug free a final edition card? he was terrible all year and allowed more sacks than any other lineman and more false starts than any other on the team. cowboys fans would much rather have a dez, beasley, mcclain, byron jones, claiborne, etc card instead. im starting to think ea doesnt even watch football lol"
"Hope you meant to use That's right you sheep, keep telling yourselves that it's all just conspiracy ""theories"". That's the same as saying evolution is just a ""theory""."
"But since we have no universal healthcare then increasing incidence of disease only hurts the individuals who get sick, not the system as a whole, so why should I care? Sick days don't just help the sick worker, they help the patrons and other employees by limiting the spread of disease. This is a classic example of being penny wise and pound foolish."
I bet Elon doesn't even give him an employee discount! Elon Musk? Lucky!
"Because we are the ones that matter. Uhm, also Canadians, the British and most other english speaking countries I believe... how does America dominate English?"
Molson wouldn't do that! As long as they dont make us pay premium prices to watch AHL hockey.
Amusing Trolls are amusing Should I sell my Laptop? I have a P-6860FX. What is a reasonable price to ask for selling it? Is it worth it to sell it?
Im sure they will take care of that along w/ lame Quickscoping.... Can you still add speed and knife perks so you can lunge across the map and knife-kill people who started dumping a .308 magazine at you 100 yards away?
I can't wait for Kentucky to become Jesusland! 12 bills to watch if GOP takes Kentucky House
"As expected from the richest country on the planet. Put some ""real"" chairs on the 1v1 stage, so the players don't leave with backache. Every match I've seen the players have been sitting with really wrongly with those chairs that don't have any chairback. Put some ""real"" chairs on the stage, dammit!"
"Just like soldiers' deaths are meaningless because they are paid to die? Um, those were paid security personnel that died. They weren't good samaritans that stopped by the Embassy during the siege to lend a helping hand. This sounds like a poor attempt to save face after the utter failure of US foreign policy was revealed by the protestors."
"But they surrendered! It's not like the history of the French military kicking ass is older than America itself, right?"
sick aim New loot farm. 5 he's per kill.
"Yeah, #imwithher clearly communicated a group, rather than personal goal. It's almost as if one party is contrarian and only exists to say no, and the other party actually has goals."
So like every other inning... Retired MLB pitcher Dan Haren gives a possibly true fantasy football confession
"bless your heart Inb4 some fucking asshole says ""bless your heart"" Saying a nice thing sarcastically doesn't count, genius."
"Why not just put a chair on the sidewalk so nobody walks there? SALT YOUR SIDEWALKS It's winter, it's icy, it's slippy."
"Senseless violence is exactly what Thief is about. What did you say to me? Awe, No you dident!"
traded for Mike Trout what happened to Julio to limit him to 133 innings?
"Real dogs have curves Dennis, the dieting dachshund, lost 79% of his body weight."
If only you had no called Ronan names man...if only. Jagex I have been banned for RWT
"But kung fu will help you to defend yourself As an asian male , our group is also the target of racial crime."
"Yeah, but that's when the Stockholm Syndrome kicks in. It does when every fan on the Internet tells you that you need to watch 25 episodes (that's 10-ish hours) of mediocrity to get to the good part."
It's called 300 Didn't Ancient Greece have a gay division in their military?
Yeah that headset wouldn't be disgusting almost immediately at all! dude I could see this being used at gyms. Zombie run VR how long can you survive
"Let's enjoy the media rampantly speculating for us over the coming weeks! No man's land. The second quarter was bad but that second half was embarrassing. Players looking disinterested, pulling out of contests, undisciplined acts, we are so far from where we were in 2014. They're not playing for eachother at the moment, it makes you wonder what's going on."
"Yes, kids should not be involved in any activities that they won't remember when they grow up. I was. I guarantee they won't even remember any of it anyway. It's for the parents to congratulate themselves."
"They're pronounced ""may-mays"" and I'll *thank* you to remember that. We dont question memes"
"Man success is such a bitch TIL Google wants to stop people using the term ""Google"" as a verb meaning to search something up with an internet search engine. They believe that due to brand recognition, Google will become a generic term, and hence cost them the legal right to a trademark."
"I'm sure this is 100% legit Are you familiar with private Bitcoin alternative Monero? You can earn some, point your PC CPU or GPU to Gorilla Pool"
Krzysztof Kieslowski too. Wes Anderson
But that's the whole point in playing games! Ehh? It works the exact same except your achievements don't go to steam and your friends don't know if your playing.
TIL the fairpark is downtown. Ugh god the traffic downtown is going to be such a bitch.
"This When people comment only the word ""this"""
omg they're gonna trade him! Markov will not practice today.
"Yea damn that classless, moneyless, stateless society hitler developed. Socialism = communism = Hitler"
"Yeah, those refs always have it in for GSW... 11-0 free throw advantage already for OKC."
"Yeah, I'm sure when you're getting talked down to, sexually harassed, or passed over for a promotion, people are totally going to check your personal history for any periods where you held male privilege. Oh fuck yes. All that male privilege trans women have. Those who are read as cis and _especially_ visibly trans people! Life couldn't be easier for them!!1 In other words: fuck your TERF ""friends"". I'm sorry you're going through this."
"She'll be legal here in the UK, so his sentence seems less bad to me 7 years? so he'll be released before his victim is even an adult..."
"shucks Discover, Tostitos to end their title sponsorship of playoff bowl games"
"well, seems Hindu fanatics are following Pakistan's plan and helping their agenda.. Ye dushman desh ki saazish hai,.... aur hum usmein unki maddat karenge... Pakistan's new plan. Kill all Indian Muslims. Bankrupt India."
"Totally legit, they were leaked. Love the messages in the email client."
Wil has that all important burst required to get the 1 yard Not calling for a 3rd and 1 FB dive when the line has gotten no push all day would be good.
And the true reason for our evil master plan behind exiting the Kyoto Protocol becomes evident! Unprecedented Green Christmas forecast for most Canadians
"That makes it better. Bush-Cheney began illegal NSA spying before 9/11, says telcom CEO"
To priest Yikes. Should probably be made class exclusive.
It was built as the proof if concept for an aircraft carrier. looks like an aircraft carrier ran aground
Black men don't count. These guys get it
Better to just label him a murderer before he can argue his self-defense claim before a court. Either self-defense or the world's worst murderer.
"I don't know about you guys but I'm really looking forward to $150/mo 50mbps service with 250gb data caps. The cable bundle may be weakening, but Comcast is poised to be stronger than ever"
"but she needs to take a break from all that, after all she knows her toddlers are able to handle things themselves at home alone with sesame street on a loop. Then she should probably be concentrating on doing it."
Not like they know how to land or anything. No fall damage for DRG
That and a 99 summoning requirement. People who use adult drakes need to be permabanned.
Giggidy Giggidy Giggidy Vox Eminor official call outs on inferno
I mean he did approach with a Side-B Bayonetta Infinite Doubles. Is this legal?
"Yes, humping them pumps them up like a balloon. Do females get fat after sex?"
"Oh, Why the FA triathlete is so incompetent in her mission. She's eating too much and not exercising enough."
OMG YOU STUPID NOOB I HATE YOU THIS ISNT HOW THIS WORKS YOU ARE SO DUMB GOML IM REPORTING YOU PUTTING U IN MY CRINGE COMPILATION BECAUSE BEING A RUDE ELITIST JERK WILL TOTALLY TEACH TOONS HOW TO PROPERLY DO THINGS EXPLAINING AND REASONING IS FOR WUSSIES start shopping vp acrylic set 3
Stop killing babies. As a female i can't believe the people who are trying to control my body parts. Seriously- leave me alone.
"Yes you do I hate you and I want you out of my game! If you make a mistake and you're embarrassed about it, you don't have to alt f4 Usually happens when they kill a hostage by accident or teamkill , they just leave the game instantly.. Mistakes happen, it's just a game, just chill out and play the next round."
"No fix for Rengar's Bola, keep it up Riot! Patch 6.6 notes"
"BUT DIDN'T YOU SEE HIS FACE AFTER THE LOTTERY Thats not fun though, the reason it was fun is because of all the people who read in to it brought me joy because they are the same people who thought McDavid was going to ""Pull a Lindros"""
Definitely didn't steal their name from Worthwhile. Carry On Kid - Awakening
Relax guys it's only the Vikings. Philadelphia Eagles (4-2) vs Minnesota Vikings (5-1) Classic Eagles.
lower quality please Anon causes a shitstorm
"Because that tactic was *so* effective on the results of Brexit ""whats that? 73% of our viewers are nomal center leanning people who agree with trump? lets remind them how racist, sexist, homophobic, xenaphobic, Islamophobic they are, that'll get them to change their mind and totally not straighten their support."" cuck news network"
Doesnt matter because you cant see more than 24fps. This is why i am Joining Brothers!
"Yeah, those children should buy plane tickets back to where they came from! Fair to put children who have no rights to be here over the needs of children who were born here?"
"No it's not, it's the best melee weapon in-game! KUKRI IS EVEN WORST"
Happened in the previous govt. Our girls running the marathon had no one to give them water during the race. The Indian desk at the race was unmanned. - @bhogleharsha
"Exactly, no longer should i be forced to speak English, America for the (native) Americans! Fwd: Please share! I can't believe we might have to learn Mexican!"
"But remember, if you don't get callbacks, it's all your fault because your experience isn't enough for the job. Man adds Mr. to CV and gets job"
"Another win for the patriarchy Aimed for the Nuts, and he kept his cool!?! He didn't use excessive force. Just kept her away from bystanders. He controlled the situation well."
"Yeah, but he blew her the fuck out in the debate and going to the Vatican will win him all the Catholic votes since that's how Catholics function so he's going to win New York easily. Clinton has increased her lead on him all week and is up 17 points."
It's only 40 lbs bro I was a 176 class chubby sophomore and I was the second-heaviest on the team after Doug the 215 class brick shithouse senior. I sparred with Doug in practice and he just beat the shit out of me every day.
You forgot the If he can pull that off it will be really hard to argue he dosen't deserve to be President.
"I mean, they invented oats. Quakers'd be fine with Tulpas. Gotta love Quakers. Those guys are the best."
Who's Winter? Canning Date On My Beer
I thought it was all about execution No. I don't think this is of interest to any business except maybe something dependent on tourism. Or maybe a new manufacturing facility but then again some places aren't camera friendly due to fear competitors will steal ideas
How could the police possibly know that the needed to concentrate their patrols on Bourbon St? why didn't a cop? Oh... there weren't any around... shocking.. when seconds count...
I'm surprised he submitted a score with under 100% accuracy Bikko | Demetori - Kuuchuu ni Shizumu Kishinjou ~ Counter-Clock World +HDHR x1612 (99.77%) Sliderbreak | 444pp
"It's because you have to use movie magic to make it look bigger than everyone else. Thats funny, my gf called my dick hagrid. I had a face of absolute pride till she added Because of its beard"
"Because punks burn stuff As a fan of punk, it's a shame that these items are gone. Also, as a fan of punk, FUCK YES."
We should just build huge air conditioners and put them along highways and stuff to cool down the earth! Start stocking up on air conditioners.
TL;DR: Let's wait until nobody talks about it then run the CBLoL with the irregular team. Official Communicate: INTZ and Red Canids
"Yeah man, that Cadiz, waste of a summon. I'm afraid that if i list a lousy nb5 as underrated, com2us will give me that nb5..."
"Well obviously because liberals are trying to preserve separation of church and state, we really want to do the exact opposite but with Muslims because that's super consistent with reality and the how we want women to be treated equally. Just curious. What things do you think liberals in the US are doing that are going to cause Sharia law?"
I'm sure he hated it. Feige's thoughts on Daredevil!
Thanks Frank [now go look for your wife] America Works.
STOP BEING AN ANTI-BITCOON TROLL. So... bitcoin has a bunch of problems that make me not want to use it... but it's OK because those problems aren't inherent to the protocol... but the problems still exist... but I should use it anyway because... something? Hmmm... somehow I am not convinced.
"But that gives faster drives for all my ships, doesn't it? ""Oh I'm running out of resources and my objectives are under attack? Better research Mothership Drives!"""
Just jam in some Japanese text and some English word like mystery and youre good to go Any ideas for Vaporwave titles? Im trying to make some vaporwave music and I havent really chosen a name.
"Somehow, some way this is America's fault. El Salvador's secretive prisons where notorious gangs are crammed together like livestock in cells the size of a shed."
But how will this effect the meta? Top 5 Secret Spots
do u think its good idea to joke about Child Porn? cheese pizza = cp = child porn. it's a code the use in the deep web.
It's okay to be paranoid when people are out to get you You need to get a life you sad paranoid creep! Hahahaha
"Neither is Iran and that's according to all US and Israeli intelligence agencies, but keep on spreading false information, the more you repeat it the more chances it becomes true Egypt isn't trying to get nukes."
Thanks for reposting my post. Can only wish it happens here as well ...
Has the verminator got connections in Brussels? Vermaelen was apparently forced to learn Catalan as part of his transfer agreement with Barcelona
So the errors cancel out and the data is correct. Absolutely
"Yea, especially with their games against Fnatic, TongFu, and Orange. ? Na'Vi was the big favorite for TI3 along Alliance"
oh hello ladies Those are the best customers. Play a bit into their fantasies or fetishes and they pay big money.
"TXIV and TXV hype ! If they deliver, Mega Maximum Hype If they disappoint, Mega Maximum Despair No middle ground here, at all."
He was fired at Auburn and came to be our OC Auburn Head Coach Gus Malzahn Meeting With Baylor's Art Briles?
"didn't think i needed the Most of the shots were right at him, not exactly a world class keeper performance. When I hear that I think Neuer vs. Porto or United."
"Yah, legitimate danger has to be present at a real metal concert. What's cringeworthy is how vanilla the band acted about it. There's nothing ""punk"" or ""rock n' roll"" about a band that wants you to go through the motions of a decidedly chaotic action without there being any spontaneity behind it. Can you imagine how lame it would be if a band were to say at the end of their set, ""Okay, everybody! Thank you very much for being an appreciative audience! We're going to start smashing our instruments in a minute or two, but, before we begin, we want to make sure that you all clear out from the front of the stage! A piece of wood could hit somebody in the eye, and the feedback is gonna get *really* loud!"" etc."
"But society has kept telling me that all men are child molesters, how can we let them take care of children? President Obama signs an act requiring baby changing stations to be available in men's restrooms"
I like the cover up cough... Smooth. Dawah Man has a Freudian Slip
"""Excuse me ladies, the men were talking"" Silly Women disrupted our conversation."
"Yes, this will totally happen. This is a sad state of affairs. Pretty soon, we'll all have to employ patent lawyers just to make sure we're not infringing on a daily basis. Every unique thought will be categorized and laid claim to. Sounds like intellectual prison to me."
"Maybe if they had a QB and offense like the Colts the Seahawks could finally be competitive How Do Lynch and the Defense Not Carry Wilson, Again?"
"It's only like -2 outside, tossyourjacket is just soft Cold outside? not worth it."
"More like new flags to burn amirite? Ugh, now we have to get new flags to wave. Thanks Obama."
"At least it was real I agree, I think the romance thing was so way out of bounds. The addition of the Arwen prominently into LotR at least was written well and realistically into the plot. But in the Hobbit it was not authentic. Some things worked, that didn't."
"Please tell me you forgot the Look at this guy, he's so moderate and working this dumb platitude that *ugh, the truth is like somewhere in the middle, guys.*"
DOESN'T MISSISSAUGA DESERVE A SUBWAYS SUBWAYS SUBWAYS? Hurontario LRT gets a boost from Queen's Park | Toronto Star
Maybe op's hand actually look like that Do yourself a favor and use your hand or a picture of a hand as a model next time. Does it look good to you?
Most likely true Have you not heard? Valve employees literally just drink coffee and masturbate all day.
"Duck Dynasty is in West Monroe... Because crossing the river makes a huge difference Merely a point of reference, I'd assume. Lots of people watch that show, sure, but an even larger number of people have no idea where Monroe, LA is located."
"They probably offer such great benefits because they don't pay 70% of their employees much money, since women get paid less, right? Bank of america does this currently. My buddy actually had more time off than his wife who works at a hospital. Its craziness...for however much people hate bank of america, the benefits are thru the roof In fact my health insurance hasnt gone up in 2 years, and is atill 45$ less than what i was paying at my old company, which was larger size wise than boa. Also my department is 70% women"
"10/10 comparison A lot of people enjoy killing other people irl, so why is it not allowed?"
Got to love when people actually answer OPs question like you. Play Blade and Soul instead if you haven't already.
"Just another shill trying to... Correct the record! Dude, whoosh. It's a joke on Trump's birtherism. No one actually thinks he supports NAMBLA, but he used just that sort of ""just asking questions"" rhetoric about Obama."
"It was in Modern Masters 2015 so it must be modern playable Yes, modern all star *sunlance*"
"Either way we just got super lucky in round one with penalties and injuries so we're gonna lose. Who would you rather have the Rangers play, the Caps or the Islanders? I'd like to hear some opinions from fellow Rangers fans!"
Well that's the sort of glowing endorsement Trump needs to turn this dumpster fire around! David Duke: I'd be Trump's biggest supporter in Senate
"Look for the tribe with the spawned in turrets :P Find out who is the admin of a server? Is there a way for a player to see the name of the admin? I want to ask an admin about some settings, but don't know how to see who it is I should contact."
"German people were victims of the Nazis too! German memo handed out to Wehrmacht soldiers on the Slavs during WW2: Kill, rape, pillage no one gives a shit, lol, ubermensch strong."
"Nacho Ambriz. I wonder who Decio will appointment, especially since there's the game in September and that confederations qualifier in October."
"Yeah they would be so peaceful without Israel America is the target of terrorist attacks because of its support for Israel. Sorry to say, but we'd be a lot safer if Israel didn't exist. Not saying the terrorists are rational, but haven't you seen how much they hate Israel and Jews? Its like they're going ballistic every time they talk about Israel, and I would feel much safer if Israel wasn't around to get them so mad."
"Yeah, because advertisers aren't known for being intrusive and unrelenting or anything. Which makes more people use adblock. They should be doing the exact opposite"
"I hear you, mine is only nine inches so I'm kind of self conscious. I don't need my partners to feel small in the pants. I love sex, I love having sex, I love my partner's dick. That doesn't mean it is going to make me orgasm. But when there is so much exposure to porn and every guy thinks that not being able to make a woman cum from your dick is a sign of inadequacy, it's really difficult to make them overcome all of that indoctrination."
"Im all about the money. Becoming a famous YouTuber Does anyone ever envision themselves being a famous YouTuber and doing it for a living, not for the money, but just for the fact that you want to be recognised by people? Just me?.."
"Well I imagine it's easy for a lizard person to live off of $1.50 a day. Im in poverty. Doesn't mean everyone else should be. Ben is part of the ""establishment"" and is doing this to ease america into the planned ""decline"". Remember:all celebrities are puppets of tptb. Or most them anyway."
"Scooby isn't a drunken peasant, everyone knows he lives in TJs shadow. It's ""Brett Keane"" not ""Bret Keen"" you dumb fuck. And Scotty is the best peasant."
"But Vermont makes it so attractive for businesses to move there! US States Economic Performance, in a Map: VT last according to this study, D.C. first Someone please help me understand how D.C. contributes the most to GDP. Perhaps hot air production is more valuable than I give it credit for?"
"You herd it here, gais, women love being objectified! Sort of. I like being treated like an object with only one purpose during sex. It's hard to put it into words."
Those high quality Republican candidates coming through to clean up government again. New Mexico's secretary of state faces 65th charge: identity theft
Great baseball discussion guys... really contributing here... That's hilarious.
"But then how does the girlfriend get in? plan ahead, buy two tickets for yourself"
No wonder the OG Galaxy Vibrant S left a bad taste in my mouth Isn't it usually the even numbers are testing the waters and then the odd numbers are the refined versions that everyone falls in love with?
I pride myself on my ability to do so. Looking inside little children's window? I see your intentions...
"i mustve invented how to breathe, i mean ive done it since i was born, i didnt know it wouldve been this big Inventing the Selfie"
"You don't understand, they were in vacation! Pictures of the Russian forces from Samara which were taken POW yesterday near Shastya, urgently operated by ukranian surgeons"
you missed the invisible 4-6? You hardly ever get to 4.
"Yeah, because France, the US, and Australia don't have any human rights violations Now if only something would be done about it. Then again I'll remain hopeful, we can visit a country that doesn't have repeated human rights violations."
"Yeah but at the same time they were all ""rigged"" against him. Too little too late. The media has already given Billions of Dollars in free publicity to Turmp. They too (the media) along with the republican party and others had a hand in creating this monster."
I literally see no difference between the two names. TIL that Slovakia and Slovenia are mistakenly thought to be each other so often they meet once a month to exchange wrongly adressed mail
Not on star players I thought taking your helmet off was a penalty?
Conor McGregor I can't think of anyone who hits harder. Ever? Maybe ever. Anybody?
"I was about to say, as a jeep driver this title offends me... That's a Land Rover"
Socialist! i hope this shit implodes so we can start over with a democratically elected form of government.
"A country that contributes to the South Korean economy, doesn't have any military bases in the country (unlike US), and desires peaceful North-South reconciliation (unlike US) is obviously a bully (According to perspective of South Korea)"
Forgive us your excellency for not being perfect and being regular mortals. I ask for usefull responses about the topic and i get this? Well i guess even reddit community isn't perfect.
"How do you know they just didn't mount a plow on a bicycle? Elsewhere: ""Some dumbass is driving a snow plow down a bike lane. Don't they understand that these lanes are for bikes *only*!"" Seriously though, that's awesome. I was having trouble just making it through what was left in the painted on-street bike lanes in Chicago."
"Jesus added further: ""That Phoenix team is totally gay, what a bunch of fags."" Would ""that's gay"" be an acceptable statement? Then why is saying ""that's retarded"" okay?"
"Better build a wall! Are they tired, poor, and huddled together? Do they yearn to breath free?"
You forgot the I just logged into rs and reported you as well. tf
Because it's not le true STEMTM amirite? Serious question: what will you be doing with that degree?
"Wow, your spelling and grammar is appalling. Sum people can rely to heavily on these tools two correct there work. Speech too text can bee the worst culprit. Theirs know substitute for no wing how too spell."
And everyone knows it's Pound Syndrome and Downtown. Two of these things will be remembered
Nuh uh cuz she says it's not! And perfectly relevant during a presidential election.
That's a lot of space for just the Koran A library in Iran.
Oh the horror U.S. Jews among biggest backers of same-sex marriage
That is supports job. the adcs i play with never ever buy a single ward all game long and even blame others for not buying them
"of course its suspect, its obvious a false flag arson by poor people. Suspect!"
Sounds like the islamic state needs a living wage. Syria: ISIS slashes salaries of local jihadists by half
"Yeah, it's such a shame that after making a string of bad games they would end the franchise. One of the saddest email's I've ever gotten. RIP Fable legends"
"Riftwalk VIP Best bustre song I think that rift walk and hurt for me are both great songs, and have so much heart in them, and great atmosphere."
"hahah one can only hope *After the credits they roll a scene implying a Ghidora sequel* ""But this time, Godzilla isn't alone."" *que record scratch while revealing Godzuki and Minilla* ""This summer, destruction gets wacky!"""
"But it's straight from Planned Parenthood, dumbass! Apparently not, at least he hasn't so far and can't because of course he's full of shit. How dare you bring your actual experience into his fantasy of PP as a cackling coven of crazed child killing connivers and criminals?"
"No, he just disagrees. Do you assume everything he's said so far is a lie or hyperbole?"
Damn aimbot users... ... *Hax* ...
Only because they'd be confident of beating them. Barcelona want to play either Chelsea or Manchester United in a friendly at Qatar. Not a Good Idea for Both English Clubs.
TIL Korea happened between WW1 and WW2 Tech of The Month award for a retiring civilian. Thought you all would get a kick out of the bullets.
"Nothing says trans people are normal, productive members of society like nounself pronouns. Thinking made up pronouns are stupid= being a shitlord"
Don't you mean Roy from challenge finders? People still aren't done making Ray jokes and he's been gone for a year and half. I think we've got at least few more months of beating this dead joke into the ground.
How helpful. Give up Oblivion and pick up Morrowind. Experienced enhanced by a 100.
"Yeah, leveling should be the most grueling experience and if you don't like your class then deal with it Ability to test out class you want is making game easy?"
cpcs meme team assemble Nissan Silvia S15 and a Subaru WRX STi looking real clean in white
So excited about this service improvement. Youtube introduces the diamond play button
Then tell the tide to turn back out to sea. No way ! Play Costa and tell him not to get involved in any fights.
I think we found the feminist Men ARE apes.
Don't you mean (sqrt(5) + 1) / 2? first 19 digits after the decimal point of the golden ratio?
First time I've seen this on here Nick Diaz is back mother fuckers
"This is why we need to get started on that wall right now. TIL Texas is so expansive that El Paso, in the western corner of the state, is closer to San Diego, California than to Houston."
"Filthy casual After 675 days of casual playing, my first row of 297's!"
"I've never met any Caribs or Haitians, but I'm pretty sure that's not what they sound like Which makes perfect sense for a mixed race prostitute of that time and place, I can't get over how much people complain about how she talks"
"Im surprised they didn't use the term ""bikephobic"" seeing as how phobia is such a rampant problem in todays world. Wyoming accused of 'anti-bike mentality' for considering cyclist ID bill."
"No, this is sarcasm No, that was sarcasm"
"Those Netherlanders are known for their dislike of the coloreds Nope not expats, its just a ""hick"" thing. Has something to do with country culture. People claim its heritage but their great/grandparents came from places like the Netherlands or the UK."
"Jaques, naturally... Where to sell Exploration Data? Hi guys. Just returned to the bubble after two months of exploring. Where should I hand in my Exploration Data? I have Horizons if that changes anything."
"Ye that's top cass mate tell him i said hi and he has amazing skill My unborn little brother made a paper Five-Seven. He calls it ""Monkey Memes""."
"Wow now, don't be such a racist. So the police are able to crack down on local hooligans, but are too scared to stop migrants from molesting and raping hundreds of women? That's a terrible statement about the priorities of German law enforcement..."
"He's such a horrible guy, it's easy to see why everyone hates him. LeBron on How his Experience has Changed Him"
he was just trying to feed his kids. Man walks up on his bike theft in progress
"Islam khatre mein hain r/india, what are some bigoted, politically incorrect and unpopular opinions that you hold?"
"Mental illnesses are definitely cringeworthy. From the guy that made ""Mass Murder Makes me Happy"", here's some more Joel."
"or keep a pipe in the trunk, but also keep some fittings and a hard hat then you can say you're an amateur plumber to defend your road rage Not saying you are gonna need it, but if you do..."
Its Meeeh 3/10 Decent card we have next month
Cause he got SOURCES Why does anyone listen to a guy who looks that stupid and full of shit
"But comments full of puns we've all seen thousands of times deserve to be the top comment every time, right? So... this persons comment was sentenced to hell because of her choice of language/the personality associated with it.... not because of the content?"
"that's a pretty shitty opinion, shitlord. People with shitty opinions deserve to made to feel shitty about their shitty opinions."
"Yeah I know, I know, you guys get graphics so just mind your own business! Hey Hello us pc users are here too you know"
At least 1m or it's crap! Damn hipsters are everywhere.
"I love my shitbox with my fartcan Looks like this in my college parking lot. Loads of shitboxes (some even with fart cans. Yup, fart can on a Yaris) then suddenly perfect red Miata."
"Guardiola to coach Mexico National Team confirmed! Pep Guardiola: ""I'm not sure whether it is the right thing for the Club if I renew"""
I was playing MGSV Metal Gear Solid V: TPP Mission #11 Spoiler [I would recruit the sniper chick instead of killing her] You are transported back in time by exactly one hour and are aware of it instantly. What will you do differently?
I give up on gaming if this doesn't get 10s across the board Witcher 3: Blood and Wine reviews will start landing on May 25th
"Rocket propelled grenade. What does RPG mean to you? To me, RPG means Role Playing Game that's it. It has been attached to so many games of different varieties the only thing it can mean it character progression, your time invested shapes your avatar in the game world. Seriously, I've seen the term RPG used in this sub to justify everything on any side of any argument as if its a magic bullet."
"But dude, why should I do cardio when I'm totally out of breath and my heart is racing from 5x5 squats every day? I decided that I hated r/fitness when I got ran out for trying to promote cardio Regardless of whether it hurts or help gains (IMHO, cardio is essential for gains) All I said was how cardio is great for, yknow, your cardiovascular system? And got ran out about how there's a shist ton of people that get six packs without cardio. I forgot six packs = long lasting happy and healthy life."
Well that's because women usually have at least 3 faces :) I know someone who is like the mother. Pisses me off everytime. He always says that he doesn't want to get involved and gets really rude about it. Then he gossips about the issue to other people who are not involved in the issue. He is more two faced than any woman I have ever met!
2/10 would not bang Ugly
"No he would've gotten a 0/8 and drawn a card if he purified it Just think, he could have purified a doomsayer and gotten a 14/14 *and drawn a card* for 6 instead!"
Such a melting pot they are. Ahhhh..... I understand now
Literally the love child of Magic Johnson and Ray Allen with some European flair. How good is this guy?
"And that my friends, is how Ronaldinho ended up with Melbourne City The article actually makes a few good points. If he played the one game, the stadium would sell out - and it'd be good to see how he stacks up against a-league opposition. Would certainly progress a more permanent move to Australia if it eventuates."
Please be less specific. Alcohol and anti biotics. What is the truth?
"Thanks, Red Cross! My girlfriends house is still condemned and over a year later they are still living in an RV.. 2 contractors that they got to do work both stole over 30,000 USD from them. It's despicable that people would take advantage of disaster survivors like that."
"Yeah, I reported all of you to the Islamic state Have you reported extremists and islamists to authorities?"
Like most of Americans I actually unsubbed from him after his Halo 5 review. The guy is not well-spoken and often contradicts himself. He says things that are straight up wrong and gets really passionate about those things that he's wrong about.
You mean Canada and Mexico aren't states yet? I can't even joke about this any more. I actually know people who think that the US has 52 states (50 + Alaska and Hawaii). It's depressing.
"I would type a reply but I'm too busy being murdered by black people After seeing your president elect defend using numbers that showed 85% of white people are murdered by black people, nothing shocks me anymore. btw why are these numbers printed on the back of a French flag?"
"Is pizza already on here? If you could eat only one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?"
I sure feel a lot safer knowing that this CRIMINAL will be behind bars! A New Jersey man convicted of marijuana manufacture after he grew 17 plants in his backyard to use to treat his multiple sclerosis was ordered to prison to begin serving a five-year sentence Wednesday even as he appeals his conviction to the state Supreme Court
"So you're saying they failed to install all recent Adobe updates to their PC? I used to have a problem with inaccurate specifications for design work. It was quite strange, the height/width ratios were often correct but after producing the design I frequently got the feedback that the actual images looked ""fuzzy"". I went through the process of implementing a designed image step by step and found out that quite often the image would fit the space just fine because the size ratio was correct but the actually required height and width did not match the requested specs. So I phone the person responsible for sending me the correct specifications and explain to them that the supplied height and width values for the images are incorrect. The person on the other end of the line goes: ""Hmm, that's odd. Let me check again"". And that's when it happens. Through the phone I hear this fairly loud *tink* sound like something metal hitting glass and in a flash I realize what's happening. The person on the phone goes: ""Nope, I'm measuring it right now and the dimensions I supplied are exactly right"". At this point I'm just slumped over, palm firmly planted on my forehead while I take a deep breath and ask: ""You're holding a ruler against your computer screen to measure the existing image in a pdf file aren't you?"". A suddenly timid voice replies: ""...yes?""."
"C'mon OP, these people obviously know more about your child's situation than you do. If his head stayed the way it is his depth perception and vision would suffer. His deformation is moderate to severe."
"Markets distribute resources efficiently. Former UN Food Envoy: Enough food for 12 billion people, one billion heavily undernurished"
"TIL Geo hates her friends. You can support your mates in your own way. It may be different as I'm female, but I could never shave my head to support my friend."
You know your not actually supposed to eat it. Vagina
Think you forgot this Because you have to pay to play the game :^)
You can tell he's really black because he uses as many racist stereotypes as he can fit into a single post. In which an awful person makes up an awful story while wearing blackface via a two week old account which only posts in TRP.
to stop idiots from accessing endgame content and ruining other's experiences. I don't get why there isn't an indicator of where Baro is. Why does he need to be hidden?
"Well.. Cavs had Bynum Idk, you aren't winning that first one without David Robinson"
because nothing Jesus does is symbolic He cursed a fig tree which wasn't fruiting out of season. Which seems rather petulant to me.
But the steak I ate came from a cow that drank water so it is a water fast right? thats not a water fast.
"pshhh, I can do that in my sleep just a random last bullet 1click flickshot wallbang headshot to clutch a 1v2 and defuse."
"Because there's never any hypocrisy in Hillary's campaign? Hypocrisy is like, the fifth worst thing about Trump's campaign"
"The Star Wars prequels are a great example To be fair, there are great movies where people just talk for two hours. And Superman and Steve Rogers would definitely be an interesting conversation if done tight. I think I'm about to write the most boring fan-fic ever..."
Fucking finally! Yoga Finally Comes to Microsoft's Xbox One Console
Zag het net... Ik ben in een gulle bui Pro-tip: je hebt je comment 5x gepost. Beetje dubbelop.
"You can play coldlight oracle, heal up there acolytes and ping them for 1 to overdraw them I'd be okay with combos if I could force my opponent to discard cards as a Priest. Otherwise, priests have no hope against combo decks. It's all about interactivity."
"Ferrari makes a V6? It's not just the FIA that is behind it. Some engine makers wanted a new engine that was more relevant to their normal road cars, so they could get some use from the technology they developed. Most notably Renault pushed for it, for them it was either that or they would quit."
You plebs are talking about H2A armor being best while you fucking defeners don't realize Halo CE has the best fucking armor NA. I used my shitty photoshop skills to make a Halo 1-5 Comparison of Master Chief's
"He should use turbotax. Guys, audits usually don't just audit the current year, they audit several years worth. Why? They are often interconnected, especially if you are someone like Trump who probably has a 1000+ page tax return. Yes, it is likely 1000+ pages per year if you are someone like him with his type of assets. You know what's funny is Mitt Romney calling on Trump to release is tax returns when Mitt Romney himself never even did until SEPTEMBER, 2 months before the general election vote, and when he did, it was just a summary, not his actual return lol. Trump has already committed to release them, but he is under audit. This is really a desperate plea by the people to try to get something to stick, to try to make it look like Trump is hiding something, and in reality, comes across as a last-ditch effort to hurt Trump. Except seriously, most people can understand that it is probably a good idea to just wait til the audit is over before releasing them. It was kind of humorous how the other candidates were trying to call Trump on it yet they themselves had not even released their own lol."
"As long as the president pronounces it as ""Gutter"" like GWB did. They got oil in Qatar? Somebody say freedom?"
"Yeah, his kidney is totally at risk for being lacerated again since it already happened. I think this is an easy one... 1. Keenan Allen has missed 12 games in three seasons so he's considered a high injury risk. 2. Keenan Allen averages nearly 70 ypg, a mark that is very good. Therefore, when he plays, he's great. Unfortunately, history shows that he will probably not play 4-8 games this year, which limits his overall value."
Stefan321 looks normal to me that user name
"Well I guess China's got no talent! China is cracking down on Western-style singing contests. ""too much room for public opinion"""
"I can't believe they never advertise Diet Coke. FWIW, Coca-Cola recently started advertising along lines of addressing obesity, as if they need to tackle it head-on or save face for some reason. So who knows?"
"GREAT JOKE, MAN. Wow, I really thought people would understand this was a joke."
Because there is a gang mentality that has systemically taken over the world's hockey culture. Why do people always ask this question? Just wear your jersey wherever you want.
I'm shocked! Gamestop vs Amazon
"There is a Fourth Amendment exemption for Clayton County and all of its municipalities. Officers under fire for alleged unlawful strip searches, arrests"
Sounds like something that dirty church of atheism must be up to Which church could that be?
right...we all know the mexican illegal immigrants turned america into a thirdworld dump Just let everyone in who wants to live in Canada then. I'm sure you'll love it when your standard of living decreases to be the same as the poorest of the poor in a third world nation.
"Bogan is a way of life something something bogan is a religion, not a race?"
"ALL INTJs are concerned about your welfare, coz obviously we know better An INTJ was concerned about my welfare? I have an INTJ friend and recently he's been really concerned about my well-being. He's been making sure I get enough sleep and getting the alone time I need. (via asking and being upset if I don't) I've hurt myself way too many times by reading into things wrongly. I know the obvious solution is to ask but honestly I can't fathom why he'd be interested in someone with such a low self esteem. I don't like a lot of things about myself but maybe that doesn't matter to him? I'm super fickle and really don't want to deal with the letdown of him saying he doesn't care back. We had this 'fun' discussion that felt like a game of chess talking about relationships and we both said we'd wait for someone to come out and ask. I know he'd NEVER tell me his feelings toward me so it's kinda my problem to solve. I really do like him though and don't just want to let him slip by but like I said, I don't want to ask. TLDR: INTJ friend is concerned about me, this is weird. Why? Does he like me? He would never say so. Help."
"Magic the Gathering Online I has same question as OP, but I want find specific TCG/CCG, where decks with huge draw-engine are viable. I really like decks, that draw a lot, cause I always has many choices and many cards to play. It is how I enjoy hearthstone. Can someone advice me digital game? I only heard, that Infinity Wars is game about tempo and not about draw/card advantage."
"Right, because everything works straight out of the box with Linux and Linux updates never break anything. Welcome to the Linux world."
"Yeah but it makes the Universities more diverse and a better experience for all students! ALL universities are trying to sign international students. This isn't some lower-tier skeeze-ball way of a school operating, it's University 101, maximize the amount of students paying the most money. UBC in Vancouver is one of the ""higher tiered"" Universities in Canada, but it's not nicknamed the 'university of a billion chinese' because of it's attempts to limit international students."
"Man, I wish Imp Gang Boss had better stats so I'd play it [Illuminator] was ok, but the 3 mana 2/4 statline sucks."
"Yeah I sure hate my phone who can last 2 days with medium usage, that 7500 mah battery is so heavy and disgusting Ive literally says that you don't want a bigger battery, makes experience of iPhone less ""compelling"""
"That's an amazing stat considering this game is dying so fast. Congratulations to the SMITE YouTube Channel on attaining 900,000 subscribers! And it's still growing. Just a testament to how far this game has come. 900,000 Subs and it's doing fantastic! One of the best communities that I know of (Except for the occasional Toxic person). GG SMITE. You da real MVP &lt;3"
"You obviously haven't heard of Rustoleum pain! Considering the age of the sword and the process of oxidation, it must've been one of the ugliest things for a General to carry around."
...Gurley? Fuck yeah boys. Lets do this thing. Fuck David Johnson am I right? We know who the true star rookie RB was last year.
great ideas don't get implemented. That is a great idea and really should be implemented.
LeBron immediately refuses to pass Delly the ball Delly - Excited to announce I am partnering with peaksportaus for the next 3 years!
"Obama is a Muslim, idiot. Its not like our last few dozen were. Ugh. Stupid people."
"Fear is a great motivator, never ends in tragedy. I stand behind you in line at the store with a smile on my face...and a gun under my shirt and you are none the wiser, yet you are safer for having me next to you. I won't shoot you. My gun won't pull it's own trigger. It is securely holstered with the trigger covered. It can't just go off. However, rest assured that if a lunatic walks into the grocery store and pulls out a rifle, I will draw my pistol and protect myself and my family and therefore protect you and your family. I may get shot before I can pull the trigger...but, I won't die in a helpless blubbering heap on the floor begging for my life or my child's life. No, if I die it will be in a pile of spent shell casings. I won't be that victim. I choose not to be. As for you, I don't ask you to carry a gun. If you are not comfortable, then please don't. But I would like to keep my right to choose to not be a helpless victim. There is evil in the world and if evil has a gun, I want one too!"
"To be fair, it was for her balcony, and that is a seriously hard place to decorate. You scream for help when your life is in danger....NOT when you're looking for new furniture."
I think you forgot a How can you say that when an SEC team finished a season undefeated but didn't play for a title?
"Not worth it. Oops, my mistake but the suitcase does not have the number of your card engraved into it (Instead it has 2 number locks on it) However you do get a shiny Alluminum certification card with that number lasercut into it."
this is boring and hopefully won't last long What is your new pulling strategy knowing FFRK might not last for long.
Which is something you *really* want to do on a laptop with low battery. Or you could just fucking install them!
"Yes, but which ones? Yup, several linux DEs also work this way."
Because all mothers have bellies like that. Aaaaaaaand another reason I will NEVER have kids... your belly has a good chance of looking like that at some point... or your legs... or gaining weight you will never lose.
"wheels*, 4 of them...on her skull If only she had a helmet. That bus wheel would have been harmless!"
"Yeah, and if the baby doesn't care, it's totally hygienic! because the baby fucking cares about their surroundings"
"Guys, karthus' passive gives him time after death to do cast and do damage, it doesn't even require work Not to be ""for free""? Bulwark also gives a passive, but you need to be at least close to your team for it to do something. I don't really understand the question. Did you even read the thread?"
"Don't force gender stereotypes on game characters, man. He meant Genji and then commented on Tracer.. He should have worded it better though"
"You're right, social stigma is so much worse than massive debt. The only problem with that is you'll be socially alienated from almost your entire graduating class. Yeah you can hang out with upper classmen, but how long until you become an upper classmen yourself? And if it takes you more than four years, wew boy, you're looking at being a 25 year old super senior, possibly older."
It looks so professional how could it be fake? I'd love to circulate this. Think they'd fall for it?
Um excuse me but i think you called the things people calling people you don't like faggots. real mature.
"Wow, he even dressed like uncle Sam, how cool. My uncle came to America only once in his life. Here he is in Chicago on the 4th of July."
"Because you choose to be on life support Believe it or not, I wouldn't recommend being aboard an airplane or a life support unit on 2015.4.30.9:50 CDT"
"These people are so nice. Daughter of Billionaire GOP Donor Sheldon Adelson Pushes Reporter, Seizes Camera at RNC"
Oh Nooooooooo... pls no pls... you better take it back. my dad works for microsoft
Who could have seen this coming? Obama tries to Blame Insurers for Coming ObamaCare Rate Shocks
"So sounds pretty easy to give them a ""rough ride"" that way - I bet no one ever does that though Ok. We don't have restraints in our wagons. They're told ""hold on the straps"" when they're loaded up."
"But he doesn't know much. That particular testimony to Jeff Sessions shows another side of Trump that many libtards have never seen. It was a beautiful thing to watch. To anyone who ever says Trump doesn't know what he's doing, show them that testimony. Trump knows EXACTLY what he is doing."
Why do this because you should buy a consoles just for great exclusives like this Help contribute to the uprising against consoles by bringing Halo Master Chief Collection to PC.
"Hype Cancelling Are there any universal advanced techniques that are unique to Smash 4, and not in any of the other Smash games? By ""universal advanced technique,"" I mean something that is applicable to the entire (or most of the entire) cast, not something specific. Is there anything other than ledge trumping and Bidou (although Bidou is more of a schematic thing that lets you *do* a lot of tech). Just need to know for some research."
but that would tell the enemy that you are using karthus ult If Kalista's binding sound is global why not make Karthus's ult global sound? it would be awsome
"To motorboat, duh. Dude, that's what breasts are for. Why else do you think we have them?"
"Yeah, why sell irrationality short? Indeed. Rationalism is not the end-all, be-all of human existence."
"The driver was at fault when he failed to obey the commands given to him by those with more guns than him. Really? Want to cite a law that the driver violated? Of course not, because only the cops were at fault."
"Because it's that simple lol sure, but like, dont do that."
About 84% of statistics are made up. About 60% of the people reading this thread will not question the so-called facts they read.
"Those aren't animals, they're food. You know where your meat comes from?"
"I was about to say something, then I saw the flair - checks out I find they fuck off when I order a can of Stela from the the little trolley. I better point out I only get trains when I am heading on holidays, I don't usually drink Lager at 7am... I prefer vodka when I am driving."
I can see you know a lot about pre-colonial African history. Yes because they were so friendly to each before those darn lines .
oh and here come the war profiteer corporate stooges trying to demonize the peoples hero Blindly
"Yeah, without them, nobody would have figured out the algebra that we teach to 9th graders. Yeah, it was shitty back in the day when they made all those mathematical and scientific advances!"
"Well I guess murica doesn't have anything other than idiots and criminals then.. I not a big fan of Trump, but I do not support a criminal as president. I am neither happy nor upset at this result as there was no better alternative."
"Clap clap not Rejoice! You can't respawn while using Abilities like Burrow, Arcane Engima, etc."
"How about we remove the split between the sexes in sports, that would make it the most ""fair."" Roger Federer, $731,000; Serena Williams, $495,000: The Pay Gap in Tennis"
"clearly we should punish them for their incompetence - their intent left a victim just as if they had succeeded and obviously a brilliant mind like that is such a danger to society- cuz of their intent. When it comes to crime, you totally should reward incompetence. Make murderers actually not murder. Then make them realize they will get lesser sentences for just punching a person. Eventually they will slap a person lightly and run away giggling. If a person tries to murder another person with a nerf gun, should they be sentenced to life in jail?"
You got splinters from sitting on the fence there? I like them both. Each has their pros and cons.
Ya dirty homer! Stamkos
Silence you worthless cis being... What does euthanasia even have to do with patriarchy? Are they just using buzzwords?
Isn't there an app for that? Pretty sure it's a arm phone holster for running and exercise.
"Ahem... Those girls aren't fat, they're curvy and that makes them ""real""....which makes skinny girls fake ass bitches. A double standard I come across all the time"
"Probably an unpopular opinion, but I actually like Sips. Unpopular opinions So what unpopular opinions of the yogscast do you have? For example, I find Zooeya's faux randomness annoying and I dislike Rythians tekkit story line. What unpopular opinions do you have?"
He totally meant that *MP5 inc ! :D*
The future sure is bright Welcome to Wal-Mart
"50 shades of grey Favorite erotic literature? Hey, what is your favorite BDSM erotic literature, or where you went to go look for it? I'll link mine below."
"Yeah because it's not like the group of bikers was ever going to attack the driver or his family. Driver got what he deserved. Where the bikers being dicks? Yes. Where him and his family in any danger? No. All he had to do was wait for a couple of minutes for the bikers to stop being dickheads and no one would have been hurt. He chose to use his car as a weapon, from then on the result was predictable."
More manipulation from the leftist MSM! I wonder why this isn't the top of the subreddit.....
"""Poor people should just buy more expensive stuff"" sounded like a good solution to me And when you can't afford more than 10 dollars for a shirt, what is your proposition?"
is no sexism if be true gaiz INFB I like to make sweeping generalizations.
"Of course not, everybody loves everybody. There's racism in Sweden?"
"Why not a pallet? Table made out of a 12"" x 3"" plank from 1930s barn."
Isn't he touchdown dependent though? Melvin Gordon.
"Bro, applying ancap principles to literally everything has sent my SMV through the roof! What is it with ancaps and using capitalism to describe every social relation ever?"
"Well we already have three different Mario's So instead of Ice Climbers and potential other new characters, how about we just have three different Warios?"
"But John Calvin said there were enough pieces of the Cross to build a ship, and he had absolutely no reason to lie about that whatsoever! I think they actually did the math, and if you put together all the extant bits of the true cross together, you'd probably get a pole two feet high, max."
"So original, I bet you even took the photo yourself! The sun inside of a dandelion."
"""TH6 here"" Hah, peasant. TH6 here, so take my advice with a grain of salt. 1). Put Air Defense's closer to the centre 2). Space Mortars out so that they cover the entire base (2-3 Lightning spells would destroy them all right now too). 3). You don't need to wall of your collectors/mines, I would rather make use of the extra walls and add more layers in the design to cover all defenses. Your collectors are pretty exposed right now, regardless of the walls around them. 4). Hug your buildings to your walls (right now, the top part of your base is pretty weak - as most buildings are located at the bottom). 5). Alternate defenses so that they overlap/cover everything. Other than that, good job! It's looking good, just make sure to max your defenses and walls. You might want to move your TH outside too, if you don't need trophies. TH6, don't mind me."
Just be confident bro! How to compensate for being not-so good-looking? Well?
They do on Google reviews..... Five star restaurants do not exist.
"No, they are in India, dirty air is a given. Can't they just finally get rid of that dirty air? It's a joke that the drivers aren't able to overtake on that long straight on a regular basis"
They clearly reprogrammed the AI to do this exact thing while they waited for wave 5 to come so they can do this sweet trick for Internet points. How exactly?
"Haha sorry I forgot the Thirty seconds? I had the address of the lot, looked at it from a aerial view, saw a corner that looked like it could be it, dropped the little street view guy on it, bingo."
pussies Helicopter Rescue Launched for 11 Green Berets on Colorado Peak
"B-but, but it doesn't have a torpedo or astromech slot! Scum blew away Y-Wings in their first wave. Kirahz outclasses the X-Wing in every way. Kinda :/ about it."
"Hiko, Snax, Flusha, JW, Semphis (good fat, got skinny sucks) **EDIT** Does working out make you better at CS:GO Okay, this might be a silly question, but does it? I've noticed that there's quite a few really build pros like pasha, freak, and seangares. It seems like most (not all) pros are in pretty good shape, so I was wondering if I got really buff, could I get better at cs? Just a thought."
Ma bucur ca ne multumim cu atata va reamintesc am supravietuit 26 de ani cu psd mai putem inca 4
a ethical news media at it's finest They've done weirder. This is practically clockwork.
FPH WAS RIGHT! Woman Straight Up Destroys Convenience Store Because They Ran Out Of Skittles!
"Considering that they have got it from a free download on Interweb, it works rather well. The same programmers that can't distinguish between addition or multiplication are using a shitty algorithm for their random number generator?"
Why's it always take him so long? The man who brought us the lithium-ion battery at the age of 57 has an idea for a new one at 92
So could 'Half life 3' Sony 'PlayStation 4.5' could be revealed by October
Needs some hershey's syrup. This my desert in my final exams to become a chef. I got 10.
Might catch the gay. Didn't you know? Straight men can only enjoy shows about other straight men.
Such a quality post Now back to...
Fucking deserved it. Trans woman attacked on a NYC subway simply for being trans.
"reALLy sWeG, ThaT's WhaT What the fuck is that capitalization?"
But murderers and rapists were just abused as children and only need hugs and they will rehabilitate. Sorry but the falsly accused are an extreme minority. So you want a 5 star vacation for murderers and child rapists?
"Yes, Because china clearly is very unregulated country were the goverment had no control over the economy When Libertarians say there should be no regulations they should look at Shanghai for the result. Goddamn crime against nature and humanity."
Classy! In my OKCupid profile I said I wanted a man who respects women. And this is what I got.
"Oh so you know about the ""exclusive offer for you"" before you get it? I wish we could turn off ALL of these pop-ups. No exceptions. Be it content or a promo. I read main page regularly as well as reddit, I *always* know all of this stuff before I get a pop-up in game. And I sure don't want spins fml even on my main"
"5childish7me Instead, we get a psychologically challenged man with an irrational hatred for anything human, who uses beauty as an excuse to murder everybody except for his best buddies."
Raking in the self post karma But the karma thirst is too real.
"No, it's Superman! The entire cast of Five Nights at Freddy's. Is it the movie? Is it a new game? Is it Update 3? Is it a bird? Is it a plane?"
yeah dude first responders are totally out to squeeze every dollar out of medical emergencies But that's mostly because you can't send a massive bill to a dead man.
"Thank god you're an Edihad billboard now, fucking old times. It's crazy how poor City once was. Now City is a top competitor! I don't miss the old days at all!"
"Yeah, the DNC has totally been favoring HRC in the general as well, so it's clearly rigged for her How is it the media can ignore Trump's claims the election may be rigged after the DNC was found to favor Hillary, and with it's close margins, likely decided the primary for her?"
no link? Dontcare.jpeg
B&amp;E Police and a tank (?!) in west Oakland? Anyone know what's happening? Near 9th and wood.
"lol that story never happened...Trump supporters would have accepted the results with class and dignity, just like they keep saying these ""paid protesters"" should be doing. As a Jew, I have begun to wonder when exactly my relatives got this same tingle on the backs of their necks; the one that tells me to flee. All I know is that they followed their instincts. At least the ones who survived did. I work with a guy -- a fervent Trump supporter -- who, in the weeks leading up to the election, promised me that he would join an uprising against the government should Clinton win. He promised me 'there will be blood in the streets.' His voice echoes in my head, now, and I can't imagine what Muslim Americans, the children of illegal immigrants, and all the other targets of Trump's hate are feeling today. I know they are scared. And with each new headline, their fears are more and more justified."
His w is so useless amumu first clear isn't that good?wat?
Yeah cuz all you need are a couple superstars and you're good Wow he really did a good job evaluating Shaq Magic and Kareem
"Why did you go during the crappie season and not the good season? I have been to my Aunt Erma's funeral more than once, conveniently during crappie fishing season."
Which is why the highly taxed 1950s was such a slow period of growth for the United States. They will. Brain drain is a huge problem in countries with tax rates higher than the US. They come here because they can make far more so we get the best minds the world has to offer. Plus they're already paying 50% bro. Taxing them even more will only further curb economic growth.
Clearly because NASA didn't want to waste batteries. Lucky to be one of those four. But why not more?
Like Goldwater is? Fortunately Trump is too big of a mistake to sweep under the rug. In the age of the Internet and omnipresent video cameras everything lives forever and there's no such thing as a secret. Their attempts to write him out of their history will go down like Scientology's attempts to keep the Xenu story secret. Trump is going to be the albatross around their neck for the rest of their existence as a party whether they like it or not.
"Well, men are unelectable if they wear magenta or lack mesquite-clearing acumen, and women are unelectable if their hair isn't shimmery enough or their face cannot be ""solved"" through botox. He's also the same age as Hillary, and if she is going to be subjected to questions of age then I hope he is too."
You guys did nothing to address your defense though! Two solid defensive lineman in one draft. Well I'll be goddamn. #StillfireGrigson
"Proof. I believe the NFL knows the Rams are moving to L.A. already and I have 2 good reasons. Preseason games. All are ""local"" except one. Yep. Prime time game is a send off game for the STL Ram fans and against a team who we beat in our only Super Bowl victory playoff run. The dots are there people, connect them."
"No, that card is an object It's subjective."
Yep those pro players are MG1 This is why you and everyone else that accuses him is MG1 or below.
"Wow, so kind of him to ask first. I think I'm never gonna post my pictures on reddit anymore :/"
And if we disagree it's because we're antisemites. Israeli court says Arab village must make way for Jewish town
I love that the mechanics are so well documented. Only the Flash takes splash. I think.
"Well something must have happened before the video starts that shows the cammer pissed off the other driver...... So, cammers fault. Well I imagine the video ends there because the camera stopped working at that point, I don't know what more you would expect him to post."
"But it's a Nolan-esque take of the material, almost unrecognizable from the original series! That looks pretty ridiculous."
Of course So your saying that Male Domestic Violence victims don't matter?
"Wait, it's called the FREEDOM act, that means its what libertarians want right? Source: freedom act"
i forgot my Yeah.
I made a meme :D Everyone in the country ended up using that.
"You dropped a hohohohohohohohoo so funny hoohohohoho so dirty :$:$:$:$ jezus, 12yo autists on reddit. Getting worse every day with these useless threads. You waste your day playing 6 hours a day, watching streams 3 hours and then 3 more hours browsing through the 100000's of files to see if you find something funny every patch? \#NewGeneration1990+"
"Well the make money and I'm poor and bitter so they are the antichrist. I know everyone here wants to grab pitchforks and run Nestle out of town, but let me ask you: is Nestle acting wrong for doing something entirely within their right and even encouraged by the State of Michigan's paltry fee structure? Nestle is in business to make money; the state is here to protect our resources. When even the CEO of Nestle is on record here for agreeing to discuss a higher fee premium, why not fault the State for failing at their core mission to protect our fresh water resources? These dated regulations designed for mom and pop golf courses, municipalities and family farmers is not designed to protect against extracting 3,400,000,000 gallons of water by a private corporation. Much of the bottled water is transported and consumed outside our watershed which creates larger issues than local irrigation. It's time that the State step up and protect our common resource because this is only going to be exacerbated as resources dwindle over future generations. This issue should be a front and center question to any elected official."
"But of course we have the argument from morality, the indisputable resurrection and the changed lives! The cosmological argument is essentially an argument for deism. It takes additional arguments to get from generic ""there is a god"" to ""and that god is God/Allah/Yahweh/Jehovah/whatever."" I don't consider any of those arguments to be particularly compelling, though."
His son and himself ? Q&amp;A with Nick Kyrgios
"Yeah, I always tell that to the MG players aswell when I smurf. Consider yourself lucky, you can only improve by playing vs better players."
"All I've seen on the news is Anjem Choudary who is just the most shining example of our religion Im surprised they brought an actual Muslim for once. Every time you see TV its always an...""Expert"" on something but never an actual Muslim."
"we understand that you want to play AP blitzcrank mid, but your team doesn't want you to play AP blitzcrank mid AP blitzcrank mid is my personal favorite"
You should see a doctor if you can't successfully aim your pee into the bowl. i sit down when I pee because I clean my own bathroom.
You must be an Aries. As a member of the Royal Astronomical Society of Canada I can confirm Astronomers rarely have a sense of humour about anything to do with Astrology
"Ah yes, clearly what I thought was harassment was just an array of lovely suitors! ""I'm not saying that being a woman is easy. I am saying that having your pick amongst suitors is nice."" - Because catcallers are all gentlemen who just want to take you out for a nice dinner!"
"Overcame it without any help from anyone I am sure It is not ""what do you do"" but rather ""what do they do."" In a lot of cases there is work, however paying less than unemployment. True that jobs is the overall problem, but handouts is not the solution. It's a cruel world out there. I have been homeless before, but I overcame it."
"[the sandking is so big that whenever it goes out of my garage, the roof of the car scrapes along the ceiling] That moment you realize just how big a Sandking REALLY is."
I think you dropped this You need to understand that socialism is the only answer. The well being of your family isn't important while there are people who don't make as much as you do.
"Android Trying to get my gf interested in linux, she's willing to try it, but I need something simple, easy to work with and with a lot of eye candy, any recommendations?"
DAE know bae means shit lol My cousin and her girlfriend got matching tattoos...
Isn't this memes title popular opinion puffin? This is one of the most popular opinions on here lol.
Clear evidence right there of true white supremacy... Fresh out of jail and can't figure out why the state took her kids... Meth is one helluva drug
But NOAReggie said it was today! Nintendo NX Reveal Confirmed For Next Week By Financial Firm - Price And Release Date To Also Be Revealed | MobiPicker
"Gee it's good our system has the structure to make this an issue. An existing administration (at any time, political affiliation, etc) will never seek to prosecute a preceding administration for fear of setting precedent and being prosecuted themselves once out of power."
"GOD, POKEMON SUCKS, GET A LIFE, NERDS Do NOT talk shit about Pokemon"
"badmins can't get flair right, I'm going back to civcraft. Hey guys."
"Hey, segregation saved all those poor white people from those nasty black people in the past, why not extend this ideology? Pink trains 'would make women safer' in Sydney. Lots of reasonable discussion after the article."
"That's not lore friendly I still want them to move all the factions up there, easier than running all over the tower back and forth. Maybe have them talk shit on each other too"
How surprising to see HSBC in there Banks linked to Fifa bribery and corruption probe launch internal investigations
May english Tetcher cudnt speack english Who was the worst teacher you've ever had?
"Maybe Ulysses just foresaw what she was going to say? Uh, I think the speech bubbles here are off... (Captain Marvel (2016), Issue #7, Page 9)"
"I too disagree with minimum wage, that way we can properly keep poor people poor in all seriousness, i disagree with minimum wage and support a maximum wage (including bonuses and benefits): income should be capped at 100 times the lowest paid person in the organisation. (yes, i know there are complications caused by hiring everyone as an ""independent contractor"" but its not going to happen anyway so who cares?)"
"Nonono we learnt from earlier patches that it causes the game to snowball way too early, makes junglers OP and breaks the game. Which means earlier ganks which means more excitement!!!!"
"Imgur comments on point, as always My New Keyboard!"
"Two solid hits on one bullet-one shot, that's what I call gun-control. 3-Year-Old Finds Gun, Wounds Both Parents with 1 Shot"
Rajon Rondo in Blake Griffin's body with Carmelo Anthony's athleticism Does anyone see Simmons as more similar to Magic rather than LeBron? Me and my dad were having a chat about it. I said he was sorta like LeBron lite and just worse at shooting which even then LeBron isn't great at. My dad he sees him more as Magic cos he crashes the boards a lot and makes everyone around him look better. Even watching this summer league game it seems like he's doing his best to get the guys around him open shots but they're bricking everything lol
The lack of Zelban is jarring Dream Team is done for me.
"Its just the market dictating wages. She's a female who's a Republican. The Republican party has never felt that women deserve the same pay for the same work, so she should be perfectly happy with the fact she's being paid less than her male predecessor. If you're going to be a member of that party, you have to support all of their policies, so she has absolutely no room to complain about it."
"OP, I think you dropped your Faker is NOT coming to NA... 1. Duh 2. Doesn't he still have OGN finals to win? 3. This is like when Dyrus said OddOne was gonna be TSM's jungler on OddOne's stream when there was a stasis of not having Santorin as a jungler yet. It is just trolly fun by the pros. Meteos was kidding.m"
"They bought the World Cup fair and square though. Meanwhile the World Cup in Qatar, lol."
Yeah that's never been done in a movie before. The bullet deflection! I saw the bullet deflection! Did you see the bullet deflection?!
"It takes a lot of effort to copy and paste the same comment to every single thread about Worlds. They did medals instead of presenting SKT the trophy, even after hamming it up about ""hoisting the Summoner's Cup"" like this was the Stanley Cup in the NHL. So instead, SKT wandered over to the trophy, stood around it for a few minutes before beginning to touch it and try to lift it themselves. Followed by a cut to the analysts. What on earth was that, Riot?"
Or we are all just so equally secondly good that we beat each other Well you guys would have had to lose like 4 games to not play in the CC game. The sec was historically weak this year.
"No you're wrong, the white suburban college kids that have never left their own states are right, those brown fucks are worse than scum. Weird I was treated just fine when I went last year,lots of nice people"
"Sorry being a chemist wasn't what made him the authority, it was him being a teacher. As a chemist, your teacher was right. The logic is that the initial flow will have been sitting in the pipes in your house/building which may still be made of lead or have high amounts of copper leaching into the water. Ideally, the city pipes (where the later water is initially) will be higher quality and more up to date"
I bet that tow driver *really* enjoyed getting that smoldering turd on and off his truck. So a corvette exploded in my local malls' parking garage
"Well links to that would be appreciated as well I'm on the front page, and I thought you were going a TOTALLY different direction with that..."
"I think the frame rate drops are there to make sure that you really get the chance to take in the looks of this new area. BUG: Cesspools rift floor does not provide a checkpoint, extreme FPS drops. As the titles states, the checkpoint problem should be self explanatory. You die on the floor you're sent back to the previous one to run through which loses you a LOT of time. Add to the fact that you are very likely to die due to the extreme framerate issues (worse than the bridge) and you've got another guaranteed hard stop to your Grift run."
It can if you give it a conservative storyline I wish facebook could scan and delete bullshit like this.
"Slugs don't have blood, they're just inflated with slime So is it sucking it's blood or just hitching a ride?"
"Sounds like someone has MM Dark Confidants Eh, the card is just called bob now. I'd bet theres no shortage of players who call the card in all it's forms ""bob"" without even knowing where that nickname came from."
"STFU and stay in your lane, cracker So if a judge is white he can't decide if a company failing to hire a black man for being black is racist so the company is free to do it?"
"Well of he loves you, you have to do what he says. Um, I don't even know what to say."
"I buy Nike shoes, because I love paying $100+ to be a free billboard! Umm... No they don't lol should've stuck with Nike"
Because you are obviously a massive cunt if you aren't a yuppie. What Australia needs is a revision of its immigration policy but everybody are too afraid to even discuss this issue.
Damn Curry only had 5 points and is an MVP candidate? Warriors (31-2) blow 26 point lead but hold on in OT to beat Nuggets (12-22) 111-108
"Yeah, if there's one group of people the media hasn't attacked at ALL, it's Muslims. When a Muslim-turned-Christian gets attacked for apostasy, no headlines. When a pig or piece of ham goes near a mosque, OMG OPPRESSION SPREAD THE WORD"
"3x evilswarm monsters 2x searchable lance 20x trap cards Oh angel with jeans (hopefully Levis, i dont trust that wrangler shit) But what is an appropriate deck list for this format."
"Any openings at your office? It's not the prettiest city, but the people are happy, the traffic's all right, and most importantly, I built the whole thing in my office while on the clock."
"They have a black friend and like Ben Carson, can't be racist! Can't tell if white or black racist"
"I could be D1 but it's the feeder noobs that hold me back, 1v1 me boxbox D1 is only 24 tiers above bronze 5 basically same thing they're shit."
"You just turned it into PUA material... and PUA's are misogynists! Let's flip it and see.............. STOP PRAISING GIRLFRIENDS!!! A relationship is a marathon, not a sprint! You can't worship a women just because she's given you a good six months. Always remember that she must be evaluated every three months! After that evaluation you have to promote, demote, or terminate. Don't give a woman a promotion when you know she should be fired. Praise her on the honeymoon, Until then she's just auditioning. Tony A Gaskins Jr."
Damn Jetpackers This isn't aw faze
"TIL Salary = Unfixed amount of money earned yearly ""Streamer salaries are ten times higher than pro players"" - Lanm Talks about Esports"
So much goddamn waiting! What was the point of literally any of those?
"Surely there is a more expensive product than soap that the OP could buy though? Dude don't overthink it. Put it under the sink and glob some dishwashing liquid or any other of 1,000 different soaps and wash it!"
Cause all teaparty supporters want to kill the president and hate gays Teabagger or Taliban: Draw a line to their most prized possessions.
"If George Takei doesn't compromise on blueberries, why should anyone else? Apparently those blueberries were special I work at a bulk-focused retail store in the midwest. What I like the most about it is the kind of people who shop there - since you have to pay for a membership, most of the people I interact with on a daily basis are reasonable, not-crazy people. As a result, I've lurked TFR without any story of my own to provide...until today. I was covering a break at the exit door, just checking/marking receipts and drawing smiley faces for kids every now and then..until this crazy lady comes up. I'm no good with clever names, so...blueberry lady, or BL, it is. Me: You find everything okay? BL: ""YEAH WHATEVER"" (she seriously yelled this, I saw people looking toward me curiously.) Me: ""One of those days, huh?"" (I debated not asking this, but I'm feeling whimsical.) BL: ""SHE DROPPED MY BLUEBERRIES WHILE SHE CHECKED ME OUT, UGH."" (Why is she yelling, I'm a cart-length away o_o) Me: ""Oh that's unfortunate, I can have another box brought up for yo--"" BL: NO YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND, I DON'T WANT ANOTHER BOX, I WANT THESE ONES!"" And that's where my well of fucks to give ran dry. She was making a scene and while I was genuinely curious why that specific box of blueberries was so special, I was about a sentence away from recommending a therapist. I returned her receipt and swiftly moved on, not giving her an opening to escalate her tantrum. ...Now that I look at all that, it's really not that bad. Kudos to all of you who deal with worse every day. **TLDR: DON'T YOU DARE TAKE AWAY MY PRECIOUS...BLUEBERRIES.**"
Of course Thomas Davis does. Thomas Davis wants a Super Bowl ring more for his owner than himself
"Yep, because the death penalty has done so much to prevent murders. Hes in prison for murder?? Then he should be happy he didnt get the death penalty. If i had my way, itd be an eye for an eye. That would stop killings really quick"
"Of course it is, we can't have discourse on this sub Looks like some propaganda bullshit. :)"
"I love when even my beer drinking activities get wrapped up in politics. Dock Street Brewery to Release ""Friends Don't Let Friends Vote Drumpf"" Beer Series"
"poor sod, his sons a fag Sigh"
Fuck you ezscape noob go back to rs3 if you want your ge Seriously all those no can smd
VOTING FOR THE PARTY OF THE PEACE LOVING BIJI'S Who will you vote for if early elections happen?
Light nsfw-ish. Guy is so badass he wears velcro shoes to a fight
Casual I would NEVER be able to get that. I think maybe I've done one LASO mission in my life. Haha
"10/10 Boss mechanics, **BUT FIXING PETS NOT HAVING HP BARS WAS MORE IMPORTANT** Fix this Yakamaru glitch please, it has been like this since day one."
They should probably cut him. Aaron Rodgers 0-24 when trailing by 9+ at any point in the 2nd half
Whose fault is it for living in Canada then eh? Fuck this place. $40USD for shipping to Canada when its $12 for First Class USPS.
"You're entitled to be born, from then on you're on your own. It pretty much means ""wants things I don't think they deserve"" these days. When Republicans complain about ""entitlement reform"" they mean ""low-income black people don't deserve money."""
I honestly think he needs another year to prove himself. - me 2 years ago. And last year. And this year.
Well the English unit system is supervisor to si. I'm sick of pretending I know what a meter is when I play 'cause I only talk in feet and football is in yards.
"God damnit no you can't you nigger chink III. Be nice. Don't be a dick to others. Don't be a douche. Also, racism will not be tolerated. Can I at least be a tool occasionally?"
No Heating can someone explain to me why he always wears a scarf + jacket at home ?
"But both parties are the same... -.-; Republicans Screw Unemployed to Protect the Rich!: ""'Republicans objected to the bill because it would have been paid for by closing a tax loophole for billionaires.'"""
"What are you talking about, moments before Worlds is the best time to 'experiment' with Morde! Last worlds was the most embarrassing display balance wise by riot, just threw a bunch of busted reworks at pros with no matches to gauge the strength of those champs."
"Posting personal information...great, now the mods are going to frontpage another blog post chewing us out about it I rode the bus from kindergarten to my senior year. Today, my bus driver shown up at my door with this."
Because obviously if she is then the roommate is less of a jerk! Why are we arguing with OP if his girlfriend is fat?!?!?
Am train driver; can confirm. You know the person who coupled four extra coaches onto that train is now facing disciplinary action for unnecessary use of company resources.
"ALL CHANGES AND BALANCE ARE BASED AROUND THE PRO SCENE IF YOU'RE NOT GETTING PAID TO PLAY YOUR EXPERIENCE DOESN'T MATTER Can we stop pretending that average MMR players can't have a valid opinion? I know there are a lot of complaints on this subreddit, and I know balancing is around high skill, but that doesn't mean lower skill players opinions don't matter. Please stop trying to shut them down with ""you are only such and such mmr so you don't matter"""
"Maar de reizigers kunnen gewoon met zn 20en in het gangpad staan voor dezelfde prijs als een zitplek, dat kun je je personeel toch niet aandoen. Als het al te vol is voor NS personeel (hoeveel mensen zullen dat per trein zijn?) is het toch ook te vol voor betalende reizigers? Ik ben net verhuisd en reis nu lekker met de bus of fiets naar m'n werk, maar begin september was het inderdaad erg druk en vol in de trein..."
Classic nurse She was horrible to everyone! But it was ok bc she always knew whst was best and was always right.
Maybe if he had robbed a store before people would care Yep. No riots over this one. No priors.
"Exactly 72NOK per text no matter which carrier and no matter which phone number gets texted and no matter what kind of text it is. How expensive is international texting from norway? r/Norway, does anyone know the rates for international texting from a Norwegian provider to an international number? I will be attending NTNU in the Autumn and was thinking of getting Google's Project Fi for cellphone service, as this should work between the USA and the Netherlands as well. My one concern is that this will give me an american phone number, and I don't want people who will be texting me to unknowingly get hit by high costs on their bill. Takk :)"
I'd almost say he flies a bit too much This guy is a professional
"Yea, you shoot them from a cannon in barbarian assault. Will we ever get a use for these?"
_FOREBODEN_ Don't sexualize the helicopter
Yeah supplies cost keeps crashing... The two new bot busters who were to assist mod weath had no effect on the number of bots either.
"When white Americans specify their heritage it's seen as superfluous and unnecessary but when non-white Americans do it's okay because how else are we supposed what kind of different they are? What is the difference? (Genuine question - I'm not an American so my reaction to Americans calling themselves by *any* other nationality is to just be incredibly confused, especially online)"
GOOD LEAVE YOU FAT PIECE OF GARBAGE! Why I'm Leaving XboxOne
"Duh, make sure to get to know me, I'm the most influential power-user here on this sub ;) New to r/teenagers... Does anyone want to get to know me?"
"Yeah, those pesky Hispanics and their changing last names Probably meant Sanchez."
"OP wants to make America great again. What Happened to America? September 11, 2001 was a day that changed history. It impacted us all in one way or another. You will always remember where you were, what you were doing, who you were with. You woke up that morning thinking it was just another day. You were getting ready for school, heading to work, eating your breakfast, it was just a normal day. Then you turn on the tv, and see the first tower on fire. At first, you feel bad. You are pretty sure there was some loss of life, some people injured, but the news tells you it was an accident. At first people on the news were saying it was a plane, some even reported a small plane. After your initial shock, the news become redundant again. Then, on live television, you watch as a second plane is flying low through the NYC skyline. It's on camera, it's heading towards the second tower. Before you have time to comprehend what you're seeing, you watch it hit the tower. It becomes clear that this is something bad. Very bad. At that moment, America changed forever. On that day America came together as one. We mourned as one. Race and sex became meaningless. Sport rivalries became allies. Political difference were put to the side. The country fell silent in disbelief. The longer the silence, the angrier we got. America had felt safe from outside threats, we walked around feeling safe. Who would do such a terrible thing to us? Why did this happen? It didn't matter, we needed to retaliate. We knew what had to be done. They were going to pay for this. The terrorists woke the sleeping wolfpack, and we were coming for blood. That was 15 years ago. A single event brought us together as a country. We wanted the enemies to pay. Most of us who joined in the last 15 years had images of 9/11 in our head and wanted to serve our country. We had pride in our country. People stood on corners waving the American flag, ""God Bless the USA"" stickers were littered all over car bumpers and businesses. There was no shame in being an American. Fast forward to today. What the hell happened? Have we as a country forgotten what we have been through? What feels like it happened yesterday has been 15 years now. There is disrespect for our country. Talking bad about America is the popular trend. Sitting down for the National Anthem is viewed as brave and honorable. We idolize athletes, celebrities, singers, who stomp on our beloved flag, refuse to render respect for our flag, and if we defend America we become the uncultured outcasts. What. The. Hell. So what will it take to bring us together again? What does it take to remind us that America is the greatest country in the world? On this 15th anniversary of 9/11, remember why we're doing what we're doing. Through all the bull-shit, all the tough days, the never ending shifts, take a moment to think back to that fateful day and remember that what we are doing isn't a game."
"Dez with his 401 yards definitely deserved a final edition ea why why did you give doug free a final edition card? he was terrible all year and allowed more sacks than any other lineman and more false starts than any other on the team. cowboys fans would much rather have a dez, beasley, mcclain, byron jones, claiborne, etc card instead. im starting to think ea doesnt even watch football lol"
Let's proceed to dismantle all civil rights now! Feel guilty! How could we let this happen? We must be terrible people!
You mean it wasn't *always* free? Photoshop is now free!
"BLM doesn't even address the thousands dying of famine in North Korea I don't know why people make this argument. Any group that protests can pick and choose what it is they're protesting about. The end of police brutality against POC is the crux of BLMs agenda. If you are seriously concerned about the issues you mentioned that BLM isn't addressing, then you, yourself, can start a group and protest about them."
But... but... but... Clinton foundation.... Recently paid Trump: * Republic of Azerbaijan * Kuwait * Bahrain Fucking seriously.
No one likes a quitter. Or you could earn it.
"But which one are you? I went on a blind date with a guy who said, ""The girls I'm attracted to are usually either rape victims or were abused by their fathers. So which one are you, rape victim or father abuse victim?"" And then we got married 2 years later. Just kidding I noped out of there real quick."
"Yeah, it takes a lot of bravery to admit you own a gun in Texas. Good for her for being open about the incident and her family's choice to own a gun."
"I for one love the World War Z wall pile up mechanic The entire mechanic is stupid, jumping on one guys head maybe but when you have clans of guys piling up like cheerleaders and getting onto your second story then its a problem. Honestly if they like this style of game play they should just go back to letting ladders be allowed in building blocked. At-least with ladders everyone could do it not just groups and it would basically allow the same thing."
well that's a meaningful statistic Kawhi Leonard is the first Western Conference player to win back to back DPOY's since 1994.
Ranks above LE aren't achievable for NA anymore after update. moe gets rank back. gets put on LE
"But I can't afford to drive something nice that has things I like so fuck him he is a huge douchebag. Just because a guy puts money in a car to get it the way he wants it to look, doesn't mean he is a douchebag."
But when I build MR I deal less damagesss :(. Mr
"Oh dear It's not worth it at all on Gearing since it already turns so fast, you're better off keeping concealment"
"cuz that totes matters, oh god someone might search my stats on DA :0 my identity, duh."
"Because that's appropriating from some unknown minority, and we can't have that. Ah, in that case less colour blind and more ""colour-bound"". I mean, he's probably bound to not see red or green, right? Why not give it an awesome sounding name instead of the passive aggressive name of ""colour blind""?"
Just as emotional as every dog greeting a returning soldier. Cat Welcomes Home Soldier
Have the ACC schedule the CG in a dome like the rest of us intelligent conferences Advice for staying warm at the ACCCG?
"You really think Shaqiri will relegate them? im exited, Stoke are a side that have been playing well (played well against 2 top 6 teams) and adding Shaqiri will make them exiting"
"Oh, I thought we were absolutely safe! After attacks, German president says absolute security impossible"
All those British people wishing police would start carrying guns! because eurocucks get jealous or something and have to shit on the better country in any way they can
Relocate to buffalo Move to the USA
Someone already made this post mate please click 'new' before submitting a post Just because something isn't on the homepage it doesn't mean there hasn't been a post about it. Crazy amount of people re-posting stuff and then getting abuse for it.
It starts and ends with me refusing to use I'd love to know your rationale for that...
Just think now with the addition of Uber they can shift some blame to them now! Taxi use drops sharply in Calgary since economic slump began
Stephen Fry? Men will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest.
"Not only are we decorating for Christmas too early, we have people caroling a month before too. Bringing the hood to the suburbs prank."
"Eradicate people who can't use grammar correctly if u wer hitler, wat do u do?"
"OP is clearly hacker, Massive plz nerf. The best feeling right now."
White lives matter too! Racist Mob Name
"This means Landeskog is getting traded Darren Dreger on Twitter: ""Joe Colborne to Coloroado."""
I'm allergic to soup. Staying in bed resting and eating hot soup would be a very smart thing to do.
"I don't, because I am a Real Man.TM Are there any creams to remove butt hair? How do you guys get rid of your butt hair? Currently, I use an electric razor and it is effective enough, but extremely awkward to do. I have looked at hair removal creams but many say not to use in genital areas (I assume it classes the anus as a genital area). Are there any similar products that are safe for my butt?"
"Yeah just play some wrong notes every once in a while. I mean, key changes aren't important or anything in a jazz band right?"
This is better though. Can you imagine the torches and pitchforks and nooses in the streets if HRC had been elected and put Chelsea Clinton on the phone with whoever the Republican senate leader was? Holy CHRIST...
With the taken king about to drop its the perfect time! I'm going to get fired.
Yeah the Onion is too well known and popular thus it does not belong on Reddit! FUCK YOU AND THE ONION!!!!
I wonder how many people he hit *high five*
"I didn't realize high school was only one year now! High school freshman checking in. No, they don't."
Yay ascension is coming back! Announcing the rotating game mode queue
I'm feeling a Nicaragua vibe from this season. I feel a Samoa vibe from this season
"God called dibs on rainbows stupid faggots Rainbows: A Promise from God, not a Symbol of Pride"
"For me, is a genius, for you, also a genius... But for a genius, he's no genius... ""Genius"" is a pretty big stretch. ""Guy with too much time on his hands"" is more accurate, I think."
I don't know what you are talking about. Preciously? Nice. Sounds pretty precise.
It's really economical to love these veterans apparently... And MY axe!
"Ha ha ha we don't do ""haha"" comments here.."
It isn't hard to make some reddit bots Wouldn't it require 100 votes to be at 99% though?
"Ooh, we could probably use something like that to fix the gays too! I believe they use a chemical to reduce libido and therefore reduce the sexual desires they have. I could be completely wrong, though."
"Let's not forget the written reprimand the officers received in their permanent records. An innocent black man was punched, Tasered and arrested by police officers. A jury awarded him $18."
"Yeah, math sucks! Mathmaking bad for anyone else? For a few hours now the queue times have been taking forever. I'm NA East, anyone else having issues?"
"Well obviously these statistics just don't take into account that ""patriarchal control"" is emotional abuse and violence so really the male is initiating the violence.... gawd I agree,great find. If you read the summary of these findings on the previous page by the ""experts"" they say the girls are acting in self-defense and the boys are exerting ""patriarchal control"". How can girls be acting in self-defense when the girls are the ones initiating violence the majority of the time.They also claimed the abuse had a greater negative affect on girls. It is amazing how they can spin statistics to fit their dogma. Heh.heh.heh. Patriarchal control...I always love that one."
"Fire/Fighting What existing type combos do you want to see more represented? I always see a ton of discussions asking which unused type combos they want, but there's a good amount of type combos that are only represented by one or two Pokemon. For me personally, I'd love to see another pure flying (maybe a kite or a hummingbird?) and obviously another water/bug (fully evolved please!)"
"You could just buy it again, because you know , eventually you're gonna run out of storage... Damn, nice deal here. Too bad I already have a PS4!"
"Mass littering, awesome. Attack of the killer ducks"
"Of course it's ""maddening"" and ""political""... taxes are for poor people and small businesses that can't afford an army of accountants and lawyers. Apple chief executive Tim Cook says the European Commission ruling that Apple should pay billions of euros in back taxes to the Republic of Ireland is ""maddening"" and ""political""."
"But everyone mains Falcon, so it doesn't count That's 4"
"Haha, yeah I'm such an asshole I guess.... Lol, downvoted 16 times for asking for a source... no source given."
"Yeah.. all those Total War SUCK! Yeah, because there hasn't been *any* good SEGA games since then, let alone Sonic games. None at *all*."
"Not even in the top ten of most dangerous jobs. Suspect Confesses To Shooting Police Officer, Says He Did It In the Name Of Islam"
"Yeah, but the writing is incredibly engaging. This is tripe. Let's recap the article: 1. Rich people take prescription pills. 2. Rich people have sex. Often with lube. 3. Rich people get sick and die. Shocking."
"Yeah, totally worth the risk of killing people. Take it from the son of a trucker, it doesn't work that way. You drive when they tell you to drive or you lose your job and can't pay the bills. Some companies are good about their schedule and others aren't. There ARE laws that govern how long a person can drive for, typically 12 or 14 hours is the maximum, with a 10 hours downtime required if you go the full allotment."
"Dick trumps everything. I think that's because it's taken less seriously. Bisexual women are seen as ""really"" straight, bisexual men as ""really"" gay."
No but don't you realize we can only solve one important problem at a time Both of those are real problems.
"Welp, continue bitching and moaning about how awesome and obviously safe the new separated bike lane on Broadway is, you know, the one we all voted in favor of. Holy twisted logic, Batman!"
"Because I was totally advocating just that Totally fair point, however, perhaps we shouldn't keep aspiring to return to that point."
Checkmate atheists. Wind made a double helix in the snow
"..I know, shame those serial killers have to endure ~0-2 minutes of suffering Michael Portillo (famous British politician) did a documentary about finding a humane, reliable and predictable method of execution for the United States. It wasn't until the tail end of the documentary he realised that America didn't want a humane death penalty, they wanted/didn't care if these people suffered in their final moments. I'm confused by it, personally. It's as if death isn't punishment enough. What really bothers me the most is the unpredictability of it all. One man dies in seconds, another in minutes, in agony. It's changing the goal posts. They should have something that kills people in a set amount of time, with a set amount of pain."
"Yeah, I moved from Mountain View, CA to New Orleans, LA. Has anyone ever moved from a 1st world country to a ""3rd World"" or much cheaper Country? Especially if you exploit the natural advantage your currency has over the country you are moving to, Ex. US dollar compared to Philippine Peso. The cost of living in the country you would be moving to would be much lower compared to what your used to and the buying power converting your currency will give you would be immense in some cases. I've heard of cases of Middle class Americans taking several hundred thousand dollars to a million dollars and buying land and starting a business and living in my country of the Philippines while still earning income from the USA. I was curious if anyone else knows more about Situations like these and if they are generally a good Idea and financially sound? Take note ""provincial"" cities will be even cheaper than a nations capitol"
"I thought Fox News was responsible for Egypt. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss) killed a bill last year that would have made Mubarak move toward fair elections. The bill called for ""supporting democracy, human rights, and civil liberties in Egypt."""
"Yes, because her husband is the only one who preforms wearing suits and styled hair. X Factor judge makes my blood boil"
"Visit thrift stores and use 12 cassette recorders? Best way to record 24 tracks on a budget? I record a lot of classical music recitals. I've always done it using a stereo pair and for small recitals, this works great. However, I've been finding that what I really need to up my game is to start mic'ing more instruments (and I've gotten some requests to do so that I've had to turn down simply because of my limitations with equipment) I'm looking for something that I can use to simultaneously record 24-tracks, preferably to an SD card (or something similar like a compact flash). I've found many products that can record up to 8 tracks at a time (Zoom R16, Zoom F8, Tascam DP-32SD etc) but nothing that can do 24 tracks. That is, excluding discontinued products like the Tascam X-48. Is there anything still being made that can record 24 tracks simultaneously?"
"Isn't he coaching the power play now? Peter Mueller? Anybody have any word on what he's up to? hockeydb only has his stats up to last year. I had really high expectations for him, and I'd think that with all of the injuries we've had this year so far he'd have had his shot already. Too bad he bolted, I guess..."
Just speciesist. So not racist?
Sure we can Can we please ease off the sarcasm a bit?
"Not even top 100, pshaw! None at all. Didn't expect anything though, never heard of women being impressed by mildly difficult (half marathon at 1:27, 101st out of cca 5500 people) feats of long-distance running."
SPOILER [warning] test
"Even better, 3 layers of titanium! you put titanium plates in front of each window?"
He`s starting to hit these freekicks like he`s Gareth Bale Ronaldo's free kick v Atletico Madrid
"Simple, you just write a real time profanity/nudity/gore detection algorithm that will watch all wow streams simultaneously. The cheap plug of all the Youtubers at the end was really cringey, I'm a fan of the majority of them, but none of them truly understand the scope and scale of WOW, it's not as easy as getting 3 Youtubers to test content or getting 2 players of each class to ""balance"" a class, if someone mains a class why would they make it balanced? Some of those ideas sound amazing and sure, wow's team is bigger than its ever been, but by god some of the technical and legal issues surrounding those ideas are not worth the hassle. Example: Twitch Theatre; What happens if someone who is streaming decides to play porn / gets naked on stream? Or starts cussing? This game isn't rated 18 and Blizzard would get a whole load of backlash, fines, hell, even law suits considering the world we live in now."
"Fake, PC gamers have no friends. A Glorious Gathering"
EA is Unamerican Ugh Tarasenko wins the cover :( Fuck
"I'm glad there's an expert on government trust trends in this comment chain, otherwise people might blindly speculate and fearmonger. Trusting them now will make them more intrusive in the future."
"Good old murica, fuck yeah TIL A&amp;W tried to capitalize on the success of the Quarter Pounder by introducing a 1/3 pound burger in the 1980s. Despite being larger and outperforming the Quarter Pounder in blind taste tests, the 1/3 pounder failed because consumers didn't know that 1/3 was bigger than 1/4."
"So installare wordpress, dici che posso fare l'application? Trieste, il team Microsoft non trova informatici"
"Naturally this is nothing new, the fashion industry is just deciding to leave the animals alive this time. Fashion accessory first. Living creature with feelings and shit second"
Turned out pretty well for them eh? Im sure thats what the native americans said 500 years ago.
Everyone please stop talking about this until I have time to watch it I hate the spoiler complaints around here like I think it's stupid in the first place but even if we do spoiler tag game threads why on EARTH would you be on Reddit if you were worried about spoilers during the biggest event of the year?
When do we start the private-sector rollout? TIL that Boeing is working on a nuclear powered aircraft
She should've dressed more moderately. Saudi woman to get 200 lashes for being raped
"Or she has autism, otherwise she wouldn't visit that shithole of a sub. Absolutely true. I don't like to overanalyze things and to make hasty conclusions off pictures, but it really looks like she was too insecure and afraid to look ugly or weird in those pictures that's why she did those emotions half-assedly with very little deviation from her regular face expression."
"I guess this means all other problems have been solved. In the United States, 21 cities have restricted sharing food with homeless people through legislation or community pressure since January 2013, and about 10 other cities are in the process of doing so, the National Coalition for the Homeless (NCH) said in a report released Monday."
"Yeah, what a bunch of savages. It is never right to assassinate anyone."
"Shocking 90 percent of female genital mutilation cases originate in Africa, UK survey finds"
"You mean muslim? what if you're light skinned, but like kinda brown in the summers and more so yellowish in the winters?"
Oh yes strawman is such a tried and true method of argument Ok. Let's see what creations you've brought for show-and-critique today.
oh yea that **was** funny as hell! Comic context: the mean Asian man got blown up while someone sang a song about firecrackers.
Truly something to be proud of! This is just the beginning of the shit show these two will be having until Voting Day.
Yeah because that was a cheap excuse Well if Brock is serious now all his hardcore fanboys can't use diverticulitis as an excuse when he loses
"More jobs would be created by shipping this oil using more unsafe trains and trucks, so clearly Obama is just looking out for the economy! President Obama vetoing Keystone XL pipeline ..."
"What a casual. Shiro from No Game No Life struck a nerve with me too. I think at one point (possibly several), I remember the MC coming on to his own sister? That was enough for me to stop watching the show."
That's why you see a lot of black people go for white women TIL a black kid will turn half-white upon adoption by a white single mom.
"No, you need a gas grenade. My body is ready..."
"In Catch Me If You Can [The girl actually goes against leo and calls the cops on him.] ""We only just met but I love you. Run away with me."" ""Sure no problem."""
What a shock. Anti-bullying advocate Roz Ward harasses bystander while marching in a Melbourne rally
"HM2 is fixed. Woodpecker, able to shoot through wooden doors."
"Whelp I guess rush can't play tanks It looks like that at a first glance, but think about it more deeply for a second. How many games did he play shit like Lee Sin, even when it was out of meta, which forced Impact onto tanks so that the team would have one? How many games did he play Lee Sin, ask for the early kills in the ganks, siphoning gold away from his teammates, despite being on a low-scaling champion? Sure, he's flashy and did a ton of work with his ganks, but he also took a LOT of gold while doing so, and hindered his team's ability to play any other comps."
You should be doing that anyway! Yep. Makes me rage. Until they fix this I shall be jackhammer heavy.
"You should be ashamed! Okay, sorry."
Forget the The government.
Why don't you use your right for that? Scratching my right arm.
"If he ever hurts you, I'll be here to comfort you It's true. I rejected many nice guys in order to marry a Chad. I don't realize this enough to regret it though, I'm too busy getting fucked by Chad. That's all I care about, because I am a whore who rejects good guys."
"You must have so much experience with children Kids just being kids is the lamest excuse for bad parenting. If you can't have your kids quietly get ready then go out for the day or have them use their inside voices for a few hours you should not take them to hotels. I know for a fact kids are capable of being quiet, if some kids can't that isn't just kids being kids, it's parents not controlling and parenting their kids."
24 seconds = 12 Are you not paying attention? 24 seconds = 12 what? 12 doughnuts? 12 kilometer dollar^2? You're leaving out vital information of your story.
Omg what a confession Wife read a post on reddit.
Less calories so you can drink more duh! Diet? For what?
"Binayaran kasi yan ng mga yellow TIL that months after People Power in 1986, a group of protesting Marcos loyalists in Luneta kicked a man to death just for wearing yellow, and harassed a Chinese tour group for wearing yellow visors."
Ban suits ! Men in suits
"they want to give the zombies a fair chance ... Nerfs In Zombies I can't understand why treyarch feels the need to nerf things that where just fine in zombies like the storm bow and the death machine. Sure the storm bow was better than all of the others but why not just buff the other ones to bring them up to the same power level as the storm bow? I feel like everyone would love the other 3 bows getting buffed, it would be awesome to have a reason to upgraded them all again and test out there increased power. This is zombies not multiplayer things don't need to be ""balanced"" the point of wonder weapons is to be extremely powerful, fun to use and wipe out hoards and hoards of zombies. All that nerfing weapons does is upset people. Zombies is supposed to be about fun and in my opinion nerfing things like this just makes it less fun. As for the death machine it's a power up drop, it's supposed to be good and help you out, now they make it suck for high rounds, why?? I don't see them nerfing insta kill on high rounds so why does the death machine need to be nerfed? It honestly makes no sense to me whatso ever. I think Treyarch needs to switch their priorities around a bit people have been asking them to fix bugs/ glitches that have been in the game for months. Some of these still go unfixed and what do we get instead? Unasked for nerfs. to fun weapons that should be powerful and didn't need it. The only time I think something needs to be nerfed in zombies is if it's completely game breaking and allows horrible players to get to high rounds easily. The bows or death machine did not so this. Anyways that's my rant/ opinion. Reading about people discovering these nerfs today really upset me so I wanted to share my thoughts. Thanks for reading."
"How comforting. 2 of the 3 companies that control the electronic voting machines (Dominion Voting, H.I.G Capitol) are donors to the Clinton foundation"
"That's why I bought a McLaren F1, the steering wheel is in the middle. Well for starters, almost every car has the steering wheel on one side of the car."
Lcd monitors are racist. TIL that your LCD monitor consumes more energy when it is black than when it is white
Pretty cool feature if they could implement it in a sleeker fashion. Introducing apples' iLamp.
yea you're right Could say that about Curry tonight as well
looks like a potato masher Man surprised to learn that device he'd been using to smash walnuts for 25 years is actually a hand grenade
MSM: proof that bitcoin causes car accidents. Bitcoin Billboard siting. _____ Says Shut up and take my Bitcoin Billboard. I was traveling south of on I 95 just south of Richmond VA and saw a Billboard that said (Name here) Says Shut up and take my Bitcoin. It showed a picture of a young dark haired bearded guy. Any one else see this billboard? I got so excited I almost turned around to reread it.
You gotta be diamond first then it's okay apparently supporting a troll. nice
"If everybody went to public schools instead of abandoning them in favor of private institutions then public schools wouldn't be so bad. If you don't like Obamacare, you don't care about anyone but yourself!"
"Indeed rejoicing at taking a life and rejoicing at pleasuring your taste buds is exactly the same thing. Do you eat meat? You simply don't need to in order to be healthy, and to eat well. But you probably do because you enjoy it. They hunt because they enjoy it. It's only different in scale, not in kind. Actually, factory farming is probably crueler."
"Wait, I thought that would cost too much? Surprise: Time Warner Cable wants to build a 1Gbps fiber network after Los Angeles threatens to build its own"
Leave him lyrics to a song that you feel expresses your anger. Tell him how it makes you feels
Gentrifier. I dream of the day when 5 Pts is filled with skyscrapers.
What a great excuse for not actually doing anything about an issue! Jesus Paves
"Dammit, if only we'd known that a few years earlier Here's the TL;DR version: More forests are better"
"clearly you should break up with her My girlfriend just told me she wants to wait until marriage. I love her so much and would never leave her for this, but god damn it."
"My 7 year old had just started shooting heroin, but she says it makes her happy, so who am I to stop her? AS LONG AS THE LITTLE FAT FUCKERS ARE HAPPY, RIGHT? **THAT'S ALL THAT MATTERS.** Fuck. Me. Running."
Obviously my selfie stick yaaaass You're going to your very first Music Festival. What can you absolutely not do without?
"Makes sense, they're about as free as our country at this point. Now in Pakistan"
"Wow, thanks for pointing it out. That watermark kills me."
"Yep, we should just open dialogue with rapists and murderers, otherwise we're being violent. You call someone a rapist or a liar or authoritarian (or any other label) if you do not desire dialogue. If that's your desire, to create an atmosphere of mistrust and division, then job well done. I'm presenting to you a method of communication that can be more constructive, that does not put others instantly on the defensive. If you feel entitled to run around using violent language and enjoy the rage you bring out in yourself and others, then enjoy. It's just not useful. And I'm letting you know that *I* disapprove of that behaviour."
Please be Project Fear all over again - this proves that the Pound has only fallen by 1% against the Argentinian Peso!
"He's a west coast racist, though, so its okay Nope. It doesn't. Turns out, you're just racist."
It's always flattering when one show known for It's impeccable writing gives praise to another show. It's funny because it's true.
They are surely going to win Yemenis' hearts and minds like this! Reports that Saudi airstrikes have hit a UN refugee camp in Yemen
"Does a Marth amiibo named Lucina count For the tourney: No items, Lucina only, Final Destination, Sudden Death."
"Such bravery these new voices have, disabling comments and votes. Rape Jokes"
"Those are definitely not Russian troops what so ever look they don't even have any insignia I saw some green men on holiday lining up for a tour of BBC HQ, several were complaining that BBC were Nazis and they wanted to protect Russian speaking employees"
the definition of doxxing is prejudice + power shitlord TIL that I'm encouraging doxxing by making extremely sure that no personal information is posted on the sub.
Oh you name your Vaporeons differently too? *favorite defenders I have favorite attackers and favorite defenders. Two entirely different skill sets.
You mean they still have the old helmet displayed because the new one hasn't been revealed yet? This is the helmet on display in Chicago outside the draft venue
Looking at you Derrick! Open up drug rings #A-Balla
Haven't heard that one before So did millions of slightly off high school girls.
"Your life is OBVIOUSLY horrible, you unskilled female. I'm going to fuck the shit out of my beta mangina tonight BUT NOT BEFORE giving him a fantastic blowjob. And then we're going to smoke weed and watch Netflix and cuddle to sleep."
LOL Highlander Just highlander things...
Now that you said that it's gonna happen Are you happy with yourself Yeah and Robo-Ward
"It's not like the PSOs that police the damn things could do anything about that either... If the toilets were open all the time people would start living there, you know, sleeping there overnight and stuff like that."
"But those places kill Christians so that kind of makes up for the gays and women, right? We already refine oil &amp; gas in Alberta (there's, like, 4 refineries in Edmonton alone). We should be refining more, both to keep jobs in Canada, and to reduce dependence on oil imported from places where it's okay to stone women to death or hang homosexuals, but.. well... you know, it might cause pollution, so we can't. Because financially supporting states with horrific human rights &amp; environmental records is acceptable when it keeps industrial projects out of your back yard."
A nice long bath should do the trick. Doesn't salt dissolve in water? Try some clean hot water.
Humanity #3edgy5me #deepthought What do you think God regrets?
"Perhaps we could ask billionaire Flamini to buy us Blaize Matuidi or Radja Nainggggolannnn or both. Arsene going into the season trusting Arteta, who literally can't make it through 90 minutes anymore without hurting his calf, and a mediocre, past-it, undisciplined Mathieu Flamini as the main cover for a position and player who was wholly proven to be absolutely crucial to this team's success last year is a stunning and unequivocal failure on his part, and it could well cost us the title this year. It's that same mix of naivety and stubbornness that rears its ugly head and yet again and it's kind of hard to believe Arsene hasn't figured out how to get out of his own way on these things yet. No excuses. Coquelin being out for as long as he will is unfortunate, but poor planning and squad depth is not bad luck, it's managerial failure."
If she couldn't it would be bad game mechanics. Vayne can tumble out of Veigar's stun. And it makes me sad.
Playing games key to a successful relationship Bachelor in Paradise: S3E03 Episode Discussion Thread
You 'really insults are so tired this is how halal stores get their meat delivered...Mmmmmmm
"Despite the National Front being primarily funded by Russian banks, I'm certain this course of action is in no way being influenced from the Kremlin. France's Le Pen: If I'm elected, we'll hold vote on leaving EU"
Yeah cause those investigations are always taken so seriously...I mean it's not like they cover for their buddies or anything right? I find it very difficult to believe that the internal affairs investigator did not take your complaint seriously...
Hmmm.... Maybe if I neg this one hard enough she won't ignore me... Wow....thanks
You forgot the Minority rights matter too. Lets say no to bigotry.
"Yes, if only the director showed 20 minutes of small print text on a console, that would be such an exciting scene for mainstream audiences in the 1990s that had never even used a computer. Other hacking tools let you 'fly through' a file structure until you find what you're looking for, but don't have an interface for a joystick or mouse so you have to use the keyboard. Hackers is my favorite movie for showing this very real portrayal of hacking."
Don't you mean proNOUNciation OP? What common mispronunciation drives you nuts?
"Yes, the bucks are so full of them self's, unlike the very humble Jim Cornette Yeah, two ripoff Rocker/MNM wannabes feuding with Cornette. Smart thing to do. This is why I hate the Young Bucks. Too much of a mark for themselves for their own good. #Assholes"
Ya... Kaiser's definitly a Trump supporter Kaiser would not allow Bernie near there.
"But if we release those prisoners into the work force and fire the guards and police responsible for putting and keeping them there, won't that just increase unemployment? I hate how people make this an issue of marijuana taxes, it's not. It's about saving so much money from emptying the jails and not imprisoning people just for smoking weed. It's about curtailing the trillions we have spent on this failed war on drugs. That's way more than 200 million"
"Knowing some very capable people I've used lmgtfy on, I doubt that. In a world when all the information ever needed is found through a google search? Yes. If you can shitpost on here you can use a search engine."
No I just wear this to look cool Fellow former/current retail employees know this pain.
"Mm I love me some references in text that aren't in the reference list He is saying that both accept lower wages because of the amenity they perceive of the position. See Roback(1982,1988)"
"""loyal"" fans would have season tix and a personal seat license to go with it Fucking bullshit. Let's just hit the loyal fans from years before in the pocket"
Didn't know blackmailer got a buff Today TOS suddenly started freezing. It freezes during games and it's so annoying. Is anyone else experiencing this and if so how do you fix it.
"Because, his kids are getting free college after Bernie wins! Why not put that money in their college fund instead of pissing it away on a losing cause?"
Yeah so unoriginal I'm sorry I usually like this artist but this is just plain lazy. Hat penis? Really?
You forgot this I swear James Jones is one of the most under-appreciated hall of famers in history
Anti tank grenade You're getting there. Now what does ATG missile stand for?
...and I'm sure those experts would be completely non-partisan. Good thing there are plenty of experts that can do that and summarize the information for the average voter
"Everyone knows it is the pressure from all the aether above the Earth that holds everything down. Yea! Let's also fight against this ""gravity"" hoax. Everyone knows the only thing keeping us from floating into space to die is the gentle caress of our lord pressing us down to this perfect world he made, one we could never damage...."
"This is silly, everybody knows it's violent video games that make kids violent, not actual horrifying, depraved, sickening, blood curdling violence. 15-year-old Danish girl stabbed her mother 20 times after watching videos of Islamic State beheadings"
"BUT THE META Maybe so, but is that necessarily a bad thing? Shouldn't people (especially new players) be encouraged to experience the full game, including the full event chains and the mini-stories they tell? I'll never get the mentality that leads MMORPG players to want to rush through content to rush off somewhere else so they can rush through more content. Don't you enjoy playing? And if you enjoy playing, why is it a problem when something lets you play part of the game a little longer?"
"Yeah, instantly crushing the brain usually causes death in a few hours... That was probably a slow death."
its already been constructed. Looks like they reused the roof from the failed Farmer's Field proposal (same architect).
Because the Goverment wouldnt get taxes if we would produce our energy like that. why does this not work in real life. ugh
"why waste all that energy to repeat the same thing like 5 times instead of just saying Nah. I showed up at his home once but he wasn't there. JOKE RUINING DISCLAIMER: I am not the person who intruded in his life that way, I in fact live in the wrong continent to have done so. Youtubers are entertainers, they are not your friends and people trying to insert themselves into the lives of someone like that is a terrifying concept. I have not nor would I ever attempt to track down a youtuber or any celebrity (internet or 'other') for an autograph, photo or other thing. They are people trying to live their own lives, and having a public persona does not invalidate their right to privacy. Yes I did include a disclaimer for a joke that was about eight times longer than the joke itself. This is 2016 and the internet, it is necessary to inform people that not everything is said seriously, and that joking about a concept is not the same as endorsing the concept."
"You dropped your At least reddit provides original, piercing satire that exposes the seedy underbelly of modern life. Reddit is a forum for the greatest minds of the 21st century, a breeding ground for philosophy, theology, and politics and I'd thank you to not tarnish its good name."
Something that was never really there in the first place. IS: what is story consistency ?
"Free markets will fix all our problems! ""median apartment rents in the city have increased 75% since 2000 while median real incomes have dropped by nearly 5% during that same period."" Note that during the period examined, 2000-2012, 400,000 affordable housing units were de-regulated."
Team Fortress 2 What do you think are the most underrated PC games? What does Reddit think is the most underrated PC game? My two picks would be: **Risen** - This was a great single player RPG experience. Very different from the standard hand holding RPGs you see today. Felt like playing a modern Zelda game. **Dark Messiah of Might and Magic** - One of the most fun combat system I've seen. Definitely had some flaws but no combat system has come close to the level of options this game had.
"Probably why they are all about to shut down Tons of companies do exactly that, or did."
Car thief. What's your job?
We are far too bush repealing Obamacare and redefining rape to be bothered with that. Where Is Comprehensive Trade Reform?
Hawk Harrelson Who are the most sabermetric-friendly broadcasters?
"Right, I forgot, we don't actually play anyone and don't deserve our ranking Nah every team we play is a cupcake, even conference opponents."
Scheiss SBB Slow Train Travel from 1950s
None of these things have ever been suggested how to make destiny great again
"lul my prisma can do better ""An Elegant Weapon For A More Civilized Time"" by Eli Hyder"
"quick So from PIT we obviously want Murray, I'm assuming from TBL we want Bishop... what would we want from LA?"
"Why do you hate freedom? This shit has got to stop! In the name of ""fighting terrorism"" we have surrendered our freedoms at breakneck pace. I feel far more threatened by my own government than I do ""terrorist""."
Well you must not be a *real* religious follower then Really? I'm religious and I don't do this.
Because the best way to ensure huge changes in public policy is to make it that the only people who are able to run in elections are the official candidates of the well-established parties. You forgot publicly funded elections. This is the first step to doing *all* of these things
"but it's so much easier to assume he's Hitler cuzz cnn says sooooooo. You base these judgments off of history, not actions like statements, and history has shown Trump to be very moderate and even liberal. Using history might not be perfect but it's the most accurate indication we have to how someone will act in the future."
"Something, something, after sandbox mode. Where is the tribunal? I remember when i had nothing to do and just chill judging people and reading all those chat logs... was so nice :c It's taking so long to come back!"
"Statue of David What is the earliest recorded evidence we have of a ""dick pic"" in history?"
"Nothing sexier than a pap smear. ""Get undressed. The doctor will check you for cancer now. """
"Because calling a city what it's own inhabitants call it affects the problem! Please stop using that name, you aren't helping"
Funny. Trump and Amaz get an unexpected visitor
Yes :) Nobody wants the Cali transplants or the Teslas? ;-)
WOMEN can say you did something because women don't lie about rape and sexual assault you sexist pig! Yet another reason not to move to California. People can just say you did something to them and you go to prison for 19 years.
"Silly woman, adulthood is for men. I dunno, I really like being able to vote, have a job, attend college, own property, etc."
"That makes sense. It does get worn shooting the .50, 40mm, and the javelin though"
"Demoman is voiced by someone who isn't a black Scottish cyclops and I hate that. ""demoman is voiced by a white guy and I hate it."""
"That seems like a good idea. Not only that, but the system is being field-tested in real world conditions."
Anything that isn't Smash is scrub level This is how I spend a cold day at my school
"all the data driven fantasy analysis is ruining the metagame Hey, ESPN, this is the NFL. Could you stop analyzing player and team performance of games during the season?"
InB4 Fei 6* requires fang as evo mat Fang Rate Up
Not necessarily Not even close. The debates on the merits of pedophilia are still much stupider.
"Oh come on, that wouldn't start a war! I thought reassuring the rest of the world we'll stand by our treaties and word was pretty fucking impressive. Literally doing global damage control in front of the country and world. Meanwhile, her opponent wants to start a war with Iran because they hurt his feelings. How she isn't impressive -even in relative terms compared to bigly D- makes me think this is bizarro world or something"
"Nope you either vote along party lines or don't vote at all ""Conservative"" doesn't just mean less government, it can mean socially conservative. Granted, I think most of us would rather call this regressive, there doesn't need to be a logical fallacy in conservatives sometimes voting for more government regulation."
Why else would I do this? Do you want money for video games?
"Yep I'm retarded You're correct, but op stated he switched from 5x5 to 4x10. I want to know why he went from 3x5 to 5x5."
"They had our football team showcasing theirs for a half in the first.... ICYMI, they had the MBB team on during the quarter change, showcasing the Big 12 Tourney Championship."
"I dunno, Descartes seemed to clearly and distinctly conceive of it being wrong. YOU CAN'T PROVE THE MATRIX DIDN'T (OR WON'T) HAPPEN!!!"
"But my pitbull is sweet so people shouldn't discriminate against pitbulls! They don't. That's why those breeds of dogs are so fucking dangerous and people who haven't seen this before really just don't get it. And worse still are the people who have seen it and think yeah this will make a great pet, let's play/train him to bite shit when he's a puppy."
"That is just insane, it is almost like this is just a game to you! I've no idea. Not really that bothered. I only know one AI chap and that's Judder Man. It's entirely likely that I've attacked and will attack AI people unwittingly. The rule is, if a CMDR's not in the TS, then they are a valid target. Sometimes they *are* in the TS, and are a valid target."
how does valve keep coming up with these good ideas? RUMOR Steam Getting Rid Of Flash And Daily Sales
"A journalist who stands by his corruption, haven't seen that before. Patrick O'Rourke, journalist who published one of the first anti-GamerGate articles, dismisses requests that he correct &amp; apologize for false information in article"
"It is contact because the contact info would be somewhere on the contract. r Here, I think you dropped this ^^ Unless you meant contact lenses for ants. If that were the case, then eye am sorry."
Yeah but we still have more freedom Wait: Maybe Europeans Are As Rich As Americans
"Well it was her fault for dressing like a slut anyway. This week, Ohio State Rep. Teresa Fedor (D) stood up during a legislative debate about a proposed abortion ban and revealed publicly for the first time that she had been sexually assaulted, became pregnant, and had an abortion."
"You won the challenge I guess now get away front the cesspool that is the lower arenas Is it me, or are arena 6 player's card are highly overleveled? Hey there. Some days ago, I was challenged by a friend to climb up to royal arena using a no legendary deck. Apparantly he believed I am this high in the thropies just because of my lava hound. Anyway, my main is sitting around 2400 thropies, so instead of ruining my scores I decided to pick up an alt (with no legendary), I had lying around 1400 thropies and rank that one up. When I stopped using it, I was still pretty bad at the game, and I was sure my experience in higher arenas would have helped me climb. I decided to go for a super offensive, highly punishing deck, with a lvl2 prince, lvl3 baby dragon, vl5 hog, lvl8 barbs, knight and spear goblins and lvl7 arrow and minion horde. Player level was 8. Levels weren't the best, but I was used to be underlevel anyway. So, I easily climb up to arena 6, but there was a big surprise waiting for me. Last time I went there average levels were to be level 6 for rares and level 8 or at max 9 commons. The biggest pain to deal with were legendaries, but even then it was only at the top arena. Imagine my reaction when the enemy dropped level 10 barbs and a level 7 giant! I rarely ever see those levels at Royal Arena! Luckly I manage to beat him, but it was really close. I supposed it was just a single case, right? A player who happened to spend on gems and upgrade all at once, but too unskilled to actually get to 200. Boy, I was so wrong. Give it 3 matches time, and another guy, with level 4 epics and level 7 rares shows up. My levels 7 minion horde gets oneshot by his zap, and there is pretty much nothing I can do. That same scenario happened over and over, until I eventually managed to get to royal arena, only to get paired up with someone 100 thropies lower than me, but, you guessed it, with highly overleveled cards. I lost 110 thropies in 3 matches, but that begs the question: is it normal? Am I extremely unluckly, or are really people in arena 6 so bad they can't even level up with level 10 barbs? I mean, if that were to be the standard, tournament level cards would become a requirement even to try and approach 2000 thropies. But seriously, how could that happen?"
"I think you dropped this- yes.. its sony fault. Capcom did great job in finishing the update on time. but SONY is delaying it. Alex is ready, trailer is ready, march update is ready and i'm sure the next character is ready as well, but Sony is holding all the goods."
I thought Dane Cook would be number 1 Top 25 richest living comedians
The Giants have done it twice in the past decade. I don't remember a baseball team ever winning the Super Bowl.
The inside was 3 years old by the time Apple brought the computer to market Wait 12 year old 2007 computer. Are you from the future?
then read the cnn article on it. Theantimedia isn't the most reliable source.
"Don't look gay at all, two straight Russian men. Two gays singing while driving with an epic end"
Did....did you have a stroke writing that? Just because she had a stroke doesn't mean she had a stroke.
"I am very good at looking at things in detail No, I have the less rare version."
Who was the top news channel? CNN reported it as five days. You know journalism is in a sad state of affairs when you're not sure whether to trust one of the top cable news channels or a tabloid.
Clear evidence of archeological elitists persecuting christians Pyramids wouldnt have been good granery stores says egyptologists
"Maybe that's when they sign Deebo Yea, if we don't keep a 3rd QB, 5th ILB, 5th DE, or 5th safety, I think DHB stays. If only Greg Warren wasn't hurt, we wouldn't need a roster spot for another LS."
"yeah, not enough about how you wish everyone at Oculus would get cancer for breaking the Revive hack. Dude your getting downvoted for having fun with a product from Oculus, change your title to something more like ""kickstarter backer here, Oculus ruined me, I bought too much games"" In a positive note enjoy :) I'n eager to get mine!"
"It must be fun to paint all that equipment! My first 1:35 build. Nice model, great fit on all the parts, plenty of detail, just need to paint it during the week."
Look at all that counterplay. Clearing the site Mei style
"Safari is best for browsing The Verge Anyone's chrome really choppy when scrolling heavy websites like The Verge? Seriously unusable. Most sites that just have ads even don't scroll smooth. For example I find that opening sites in chrome from Fenix Twitter app is really laggy, and when I scroll down as I read the article, the touch is only recognized a few seconds later. Anybody else is experiencing this?"
AAAAAH GOALIE CRISIS CLENCH YOUR BUTT CHEEKS PEOPLE Raanta in again tonight. Henrik sits 4th in a row.
"your doing it all wrong, when prices drop you supposed to sell Don't trade. Buy once or twice a year. I use sharesight to help manage my portfolio. It tells me if a holding drops significantly in a short time. In which case I buy more. Just set the dividends to reinvest and live your life. Few will get their money back for hours put in trying to time the swings."
"I mean he could have called you ugly, God chicks are so high maintenance it's impossible to guess what they want. Well I did compliment ya...."
ESK DEE so hilarious my friends first video attempt free to roast him.
It is if you use apple Getting used to it is not progress IMO.
"Yea there was a beautiful display in Riyadh and Tehran. I know Paris was much worst but, out of curiosity are other countries showing support like this as well?"
"He's right, I learned it from God at Sunday Bloody Sunday School LOL WTF"
"hey not cool, there is iem san jose and katowice ! Fnatic took Skt to 5 games at MSI in season 5 (yeah Skt was not at their best but still).That's better than anything any NA team ever did internationally. Then Fnatic went undefeated during the regular season of an era that is still stronger than NA was this split (i'm sry but outside of c9 and TSM,NA was a joke ,pure garbage). TSM proved nothing internationally yet,some players will go at world with litle to no experience of the international stage.Winning NA is fine,but history proved that it doesn't mean shit when they have to face a real competition."
Brinks trucks are clearly the militarization of our banks. Shiny new police vehicle
Reverse terrorism..... so lovely... A man in orange jumpsuit executes ISIS man with shotgun (point blank range)
"History matters more than then the present. It's misandry if you have no sense of history, sure."
Because obviously he's going to be the one to change your mind. Why cant anyone ever just respect preferences?
"oh, i didnt know the developer wanted me to do the 5 second task of turning off adblock, oh no Wow... i didn't know the delevopper was like that :("
"Im sure an 11 hour on rails campaign will help a game be relevant for years to come and not a robust multiplayer experience Only way I'm buying that, is if there is a detected story. Otherwise it will dye just as fast as the first one."
That's good diplomacy right there. Netanyahu declines offer to meet with Obama: White House
"No seems pretty normal to me am i the only one who finds this way overpriced, even with the 'free' game?"
"60hz is for plebians, 61hz master race This monitor's refresh rate is 60Hz (I was able to overclock mines to 61Hz). My GTX 1070 gives me over 100 frames per second in Overwatch. The refresh rate of the monitor and the FPS you get from your GPU are two independent things."
"I'm sure internet speed is near the top of the UK governments priorities in terms of investment! Just try and think a little bit harder. Our internet is poor and the EU hopes to improve it across the EU by introducing internet to those who don't have it, and by improving speeds. Now with us leaving the EU we can expect to not benefit from this, and that's because of leave voters. Therefore our internet may continue to lag behind the rest of the developed world."
"Oh, if it worked for Israel, surely we should be following their lead. That's what seriously deluded people said about Israel building a wall in the West Bank to stop suicide bombings. However, since the wall went up, there has not been a single successful bombing in Israel. Not. A. Single. One. There are many arguments one could use to say deporting of refugees is a bad idea. Promoting terrorism isn't a serious argument and you know it. Deporting them would actually reduce opportunity for terrorism."
here you go The best thing about McDonalds fries is that you can just microwave them when they get cold and they are as good as new.
I think you forgot the Test cricket is the greatest sport humanity has ever made.
"20XX Wifi password at The Big House 5? (Network ""MELEE"") Hey, does anyone know the wifi password at TBH5? The network is called ""MELEE""."
Look at this girl applying a gender binary to the situation Girl*
"That will teach you to be polite. ""Bitch pls u fat"""
Hope that was the solution to pollution is dilution. very unlikley an explosion in the upper atmosphere will produce any real negative effects.
"Dude, Kripp have like 15k viewers on average, of course he is greedy to attention You have to be joking. He played a not so serious game against someone at rank 23 because he was having fun, and the first conclusion you draw from it is that he intentionally threw the game for attention."
Obviously you can't be a true atheist if you talk positively about anyone religious Why would that make him agnostic?
"Yeah, there were definitely not many ""shooters"" on the XBOX/PS2/PS1/N64. Possibly console shooters?"
"Hey, that's sexist. **MEGYN KELLY ON BLEEDING ALERT**"
Just use Aliment Rectifier I used to like those guard rails...
"Arguing fallaciously is OK as long as you are Marvel CEO. Marvel CEO lists terrible, old movies as evidence female-led superhero movies are a bad idea"
"if enough people report him for not communication he'll get the message A side note; I think it would be really cool of pro players when they would at least greet the players or so in all chat. It's not much effort, and it means a lot to the guys. I remember 2years ago when I was plat 3 and I got to play vs Froggen in a normal game (and even won :P) I was so happy when he only typed ""hi"" in all chat; we were all going nuts that we were playing vs Froggen :D"
"Deists are atheists without balls. Are Pantheists atheists without balls? I bring this up after having a chat with numerous pantheists. They claim the universe and existence itself, which we are part of, is 'god'. As an atheist I think of god as a supernatural deity that can bend the rules of the universe to his will. Since there is no evidence of this, it can be dismissed without evidence. But Pantheists assert that existence itself is god. The problem I have with this proof is, it doesn't tell me anything. It takes the word god and applies it to a the natural world. Well I believe in the natural world, and I'll assert most atheists probably do as well. The difference between an atheist and a pantheist is atheists are not so ashamed to call themselves atheists that they need to be intellectually dishonest about what words actually mean. If the natural world exists as it would without a god, then why call it god?"
"Sooo, how does it feel being the black sheep of the r/formula1 hive mind. God I gotta be the weird one here because I think it's by a long shot the ugliest one I've seen. I mean blue and orange?"
Who? #RONNIE PICKERING
"You guys better watch ""Red Dawn"" to prepare for battle... Sweet jesus. We're about to be annexed by Russia."
"He's a cis man so no matter what good he does, he's pretty much Hitler So BLM targets the candidate with the best civil rights voting record that is currently running, and protests his campaign?? Jesus the lack of awareness is mind-boggling!"
"Girls who turn down sexual advances are automatically sluts, didn't you know? Can. Not. Compute."
"I love how the only close up of the statue has a B&amp;W filter, really makes all the details pop. Statue of Lucifer in old church, by Artist Paul Fryer"
"I couldn't tell. England, m8"
"So brave, so original, so much wit. 'straya, cunt"
"I'm actually inclined to agree with him at this point. CEO of ConocoPhillips says it is ""un-American"" to end oil subsidies, even though his company made a profit of more than $3,000,000,000 in the first three months of 2011"
"I don't know, someone who got that hat got it with memory leak, I wonder what bug he reported... I would absolutely go for that. That is the most ironic effect for that hat."
"Woah there captain sensitive You're calling me a weeb for politely correcting someone's spelling of an English word derived from the name of a character and novel by a Russian man? Whatever, dumbass."
This shit never happens in England! Still not regretting voting Leave.
"Because nothing says manliness like insecurity! Reading the comments is golden: it's like people are trying to assert who's the manliest of the men there: ""I just got out of the shower, shaved and splashed bay rum on my face. This after coming from the gym, leg day. I'm going to the butcher to buy steaks, then some booze. Tonight I'm gonna have sex, with a woman and sleep late..."" oh man, that's an immediate qualifier!"
"Nah, they're just all lazy layabouts who are just entitled and looking for someone to blame for why they're a loser. Meritocracy is a myth. A disadvantaged child will nearly always and everywhere become a disadvantaged adult"
Is this the new German tier 10 artillery? Ever saw a Sturmtiger shell?
"yeah, it's fake soap guys It's a fake you goddamn morons."
"I just got the *best* idea for a Halloween costume Friend almost beaten, mistaken for TTC Leprechaun So a friend of mine almost got beaten up because 2 assholes thought he was the guy everyone's chasing. He's a small dude, very nice, great artist, and very considerate of others. Please remember to keep your tempers in check."
The Mets obviously should've known that Bernie Madoff was going to steal all of their money. Deferred deals are common and Mets getting shit on for Bonilla is silly.
Oh poor curry he's only making 10+ mil a year. How Stephen Curry makes his daily peace with a contract unfit for the MVP
Because all countries with single-payer healthcare and higher education end up like Venezuela. I think they'd prefer the US to not turn into Venezuela
"California has been experiencing a pretty rough drought lately, maybe Bernie is right? He was pushed to this by climate change."
"You shut your communist mouth! Orrr the CEO won't get to take home a billion dollars in profit, just 900m."
That's an awesome sale you have going on there Amazon... When amazon lets me know there's a sale
I bet that's going to benefit them one day... Chinese Students Skip 200 Times In One Minute
Good offer dude 2c3 and 2c2
"Eh, INTJs are more sociopathic, INFJs can mimic ISTPs and be complete psychopaths and it's not like Ni-Fe makes them mentally disturbed to begin with. Since INTJ and INTP are entirely different if you combine the two you can get INFJ. There is a stigma against feelers, so much so that I thought I was INTJ for a long time. Try INFJ. Also you listed a lot of behavioural and Myers Briggs is not behavioural in the slightest."
That never happened! The holocaust
"Pffft, everyone knows that people don't lie abou those types of things It's nice to see things in black and white, but how would you handle a rape-accusation? Or a murder they claimed was self defense?"
You hate Neo Tokyo because of your rank. And that i why i hate Neo Tokyo.
That's why I use yahoo What's a Google search query that will definitely get you on a list?
is mein RSS ka haath (aur pao) hain.. Stone-pelting on Ramzaan procession by another Muslim community sparks violence in Lucknow
"#stickem Then after cracking his patella, he returned Week 1 of 1998 as a 36 year old man and posted 82 catches for 1157 yards and 9 touchdowns. #JustJerryThings"
"i mean blizz stats say most people are playing midrange shaman therefore they must enjoy it and want more curvestone Wait what? people dont like curvestone with Secret Paladin and Mid range Shaman, who drawes the best curve always wins? weird"
"Or he could buy 45 dollar tree pot holders San Jamar oven mitts that are around $45 are made of firefighter suit material and kevlar. Also NSF certified. I found the better, older (more kevlar) style at a local restaurant supply store. The ones on Amazon may only have a thin strip of kevlar vs. nearly the whole palm."
"But it's totally fine to leave them alone with an adult to be questioned about their sexual habits ""It's never a good idea to let kids answer the door without mom or dad right there"" That was the exact quote from the ""Friends of Scouting"" person at our door yesterday. Not - ""Hello let me introduce myself"" Not - ""You have some beautiful/polite/very impressive children"" Not - ""Forgive me for coming to your home unannounced to solicit money"" Not - ""I'd like to get to know you - how long ago did you move in? Where did you come from? Is there anything I can do for you?"" No this person upon seeing my DW and her porn shoulders after 2 of our children answered the door determines that he needs to give us a parenting lecture. No worries - DW put him in his place ""Excuse me? You come to my home unannounced and before you even introduce yourself you pass judgement on my parenting?"" Yeah I scored in the marriage department (she left TSCC first too - I was smart enough to follow). And no we didn't give any money to the ward scouts."
should've got a 390. My friend's son is a AMD fan....will he be happy what I've got Santa to send him?
"Yeah, this is an issue, heck, its an issue way bigger than Hitdetection, bugged hitboxes, potato servers etc. Suggestion: the hostage doesn't count as a tk if the enemy is escorting them. All the same rules apply but it won't class as a tk if you kill them. I mean if they have it your probably going to lose and if you kill the hostage you've lost the round but the dynamic changes once they have them and for that second it's an everything or nothing situation."
"Women's rights are a political issue, let's move onto real issues please! It's also a part of their culture to restrict movement of women in public to male family members, stone adulterers and behead sorcerers depending on which religious hellhole you go to. But you have to respect them, right??"
"This person did a pretty good job of consolidating all of reddit into one single post, but I don't think they went far enough. Jesus Christ. I'm done. I honestly don't want to be affiliated with a website that caters to children like this."
"But the shirts don't even have collars... I mean, if we're being real, my favorite player's nickname *is* Country Breakfast."
It makes more sense if you realize they're stacked on eggs as well Brick Stacking
"Let's celebrate 2016 that won't include any real things to celebrate about: no LRT yet, no downtown hockey arena, no new downtown library, just a few Syrian refugees! Happy new year ottawa. Let's hope 2016 is better than the last..."
"I bet it'll come out on Valentine's Day 1853 You know, Sister Location Trailer 2 SHOULD be uploaded today. Why? Because it's National Sisters Day."
"Oh, that's OK then. You can rent a home and pay your bills with 12k a year easily as long as you budget properly."
I hate you Microcenter had a Sale...
"Penta sports did They won 3 250k+$ tournaments, not a lot of other teams achieved that"
"they will other teams just need to kill skt's best player 3 times pre 10mins without giving up a kill shouldn't be too hard The way some people talk right now, they expect SKT to get stomped the rest of the tournament while on the contrary it was incredibly impressive how they were able to stall this game and almost turn it around."
Who? ...Bae?
"Blend in, hmm... So what you're saying is wear camouflage? The trick to being a wedding photographer is blending in. Even if you told him to wear what he wants he would still most likely find out the wedding dress code and dress accordingly. You get better shots (less posed) and don't distract from the ceremony."
"Well women were put on this earth to serve men... RPW 10/10 advice: ""you can be empowered as a red pill woman. Your empowerment comes from within...Your job is to be a good first mate, make your captain's life smoother, happier, easier... A woman's strength is in her ability to bend."""
"Raptor's top and cruise speeds are so secret a simple google search told me that : * top : 2,410 km/h * cruise : 1,963 km/h Google is probably hooked to Pentagon databases... Mustang stall speed 95 mph, top speed 437 mph. Raptor speeds are still classified. I would say it is safe to assume the raptor is capable of stable flight between the range of 100 - 400 mph. On the low side considering we all know it goes supersonic (768 mph)."
I use her like the dirty WHORE she is! How do you guys use miss direction in your jiujitsu
"The lucky thing is, all these men being abused by the women in their lives have a large network of shelters and support systems thanks to the efforts of feminist organizations that care for men's issues also. Pass continues to erode as more and more women are convicted of domestic violence."
"Here, you dropped this: Because this subreddit is depressing. It's an unrelenting wave of negativity, cynicism, circlejerks and India bashing. Whereas Quora is full of young and positive Indians who make me feel good about living in such a wonderful country. I do like the patriotism and nationalism on Quora. Jai Hind! Bharat Mata ki Jai!"
"Because combo is obviously not fun. Oddly enough, I would imagine that's where you'd get the most salt. I admit I try to avoid MtGO as much as possible, but with the little experience I have, a large number of people in the just for fun room ***really*** hate anything resembling combo."
What a garbage response. trashy even.
"Yeah, you'd have to run at the speed of light and just let the knives go to make it work. That's not how it works....That's not how ANY of this works"
"When they come out with random asshole test, what will you do for a job? Don't do illegal drugs if you want to keep your job that gives random drug tests."
Penises are quite business-savy. I find it particularly peculiar when they then proceed to act surprised or even offended. Did they really expect it to be taken well when they tell a potential client that decisions can really only be made with more penis?
"You ask a question, how dare you, downvote. How does one deflate a tire?"
I hear Rondo is in need of a job gonna need someone running that point
"Definitely not a bubble that has been reinflated. The market is up 47% this year alone. In five years Vancouver real estate is up 77%. While this 15% tax may slow it down a bit, these increases are rather staggering."
"ITS BEEN HALF A PERIOD AND HE HASNT EVEN SCORED, RETURN HIM TO TORONTO! I am ready for the Phil."
"Oh you mean that new Will Smith movie? Uh, did you miss every bit of news about Suicide Squad?"
Yeah hopefully he can help turn their season around Mike Fisher will return from injury tonight in Nashville. He's missed the entire season start after rupturing achilles tendon in July.
"What people do on this sub all the time is obviously okay. In my opinion, if you would like this to stop, we should also stop discriminating against those Peruvian, Pinoy, and Russian."
"Fuck you for having an option! I have absolutely no problem with how it is now, except for how fast we get REQ levels, it's ridiculous."
Graffiti is another tool of Teh Patriarchy to oppress and silence womyn. Don't do this. Seen in a NYC Library bathroom.
Shakin' in my boots from a 50+ year old crazy man (ON THE INTERNET) with the breathing habbits of someone on the verge of a massive stroke or heart attack. I love how he says that he is going to be insufferable all week and that Shitizens now have no where to hide. From his hug-box echo-chamber.....
"Well, since it says 101 in the picture we can assume the limit is at least 101. Here's a hint: how many gold pieces fit in a stack?"
"Holly Dee Currently the best SnD player in AW? I was curious who you guys think is the best SnD player currently in the game. Personally i think it has to be Zooma. His aggression is pretty much unmatched. His First Blood percentage is insane. His aggression often gets him inside the opposing team's spawn before they even know what's going on. It also seems like very few teams/players know how to counter him. I've seen him play games where he would run the exact same route two or three rounds in a row, and get the exact same results. Right now he's probably the best SnD player (in my opinion) as well as one of the most valuable SnD teammates. Who do you guys think is better than Zooma? And why?"
"I call them Edge Imps Actually, the deck is most commonly known as ""Fluffals""."
Thats a well thought out and very presidential way of looking at the situation Donald Trump: Don't Blame Russia For Hacking; Blame Computers For Making Life Complicated
"Good that we have the migration crisis going, maybe EU could offer you some nuclear engineers and doctors now that they are coming in drowes. Croatia had 27,700 less inhabitants in 2015 than in 2014, population decline alarming, the difference between the number of deaths and births in the two years increased by 55%"
"good idea, dragonbreath should only work with fire-based spells A water elemental that breathes fire... because screw logic"
You missed the takeover? The US government owns CNN and MSNBC now?
"what about .000... with a 1 at the end? The simplest explanation is that there is no distance between them. If two points are different, then there is some non-zero distance between them. Said differently, if you cannot find a non-zero distance between two points, then they are the same point. There is no non-zero number x such that 3 - 2.999... = x."
"pervs... Heads up, America"
"Oh yeah, let's call black people 'blacks' while we're at it. gay people can be shortened to gays, trans people can't be shortened. Also using the word ""people"" makes the whole word sound very artificial"
cuz of dem sick bhops It fucking frustrates me beyond belief that people swing their knives in spawn. Had a guy backstab me today. Just fucking why? It's useless.
"At least you guys can still play the greatest Spider-Man game, The Amazing Spider-Man 2. Sony possibly have Spider Man exclusive license?"
"Which is exactly the quality I look for in a president. The problem with Trump is that he generally takes two positions on the same issue, sometimes within the same answers. He's hard to pin down so you kind of have to just take a guess."
"Ha, those odds are pretty sweet for an ALL IN LDLCCCC LDLC White ofc."
"you know fedoras and their derivatives, one of the many things normal people don't learn because they're getting laid I don't get it, because I know hats?"
So happy to see this again. Tried and failed
"Ending net neutrality, getting rid of Dodd-Frank, overturning roe vs wade, creating a list of Muslims, creating a list of people working on climate science, ... but I'm sure things will be fine once he's in office. I mean, what's off the rails? Dismantling Social Security, Medicare, ending sanctions on (and even giving untoward benefits to) the global power that hacked our country to undermine our election, causing a war between China/Taiwan, backing out of NATO, backing out of all climate accords, and threatening sovereign powers with nuclear war? Because most of those things have been promised and all seem likely."
"Nah, man it's because they were Christians. You sound surprised someone would do something cruel in warfare..."
Need to know their ip tho ddos
I wonder how many murders have been commited already because of this atrocity! Loophole means ecstasy is now legal in Ireland (but only until Thursday)
"You have to be smart to be in a classroom! Yeah, how dare he try to learn! Fuck him!"
That's our draft pick Patrick Kane scores 2OT winner to keep the Hawks alive (STL vs CHI Game 5)
"They need a game for every night of the week! ""Friday"" isn't bad!"
"C'mon, if Muslims were white, say all of Europe were followers of Islam and were carrying out daily terrorist attacks in the name of Islam, none of you racist white folk would be criticizing them Islam and illegal. Two of the most oppressed races of our time :("
only on sundays. don't you and your brother cheat though?
"Yeah, being able to demo skins in sandbox mode would negatively affect Riot's revenue. Honestly, this is exactly what this is all about. A Sandbox mode means that players would be able to practice core game mechanics at their own pace and without having to complete entire matches. It directly affects Riot's revenue stream in multiple ways."
"Yea when I saw a bunch of people wearing red, white and blue standing in front of a giant American flag I immediately thought ""what does U5R mean?"" It looks like USR. Even worse."
"Guys can't smile in selfies though first picture looks great, just smile!"
Obviously we have a health expert on our hands. Quoting a fucking mass murderer to justify your hatred of anyone who is fat is really not going to convince people you are right...
"obviously a parka, duh slavkody! My work recently sent out an office wide email banning the use of space heaters. They suggested workers ""dress more appropriately."" On a regular day of work, I'm wearing slacks, thick socks, an undershirt, regular shirt, cable knit sweater, scarf, and rarely take my jacket off. WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM ME??"
"Invade at once and make sure they embrace the consumerism and internet porn. I am surprised they have not been forcefully modernized. I mean, these people are a market. They need smartphones with fishing apps."
"He took a dick in that one movie i cant remember the name of, exactly 10 years ago didn't he? Jake Gyllenhaal"
"But think about the children! This illustrates the absolutely disgusting level of Baader Meinhof pedophile sightings we're experiencing in the western world. We already know that it's to the point that men can't safely do normal things like play with their own children in the park without the police getting involved, but this is just ridiculous. I realize this is funny, but what it says about society is so disgusting that I can't even enjoy it."
"PS exclusive? Same here. I'm hoping it's a location or timezone thing and not a ""select Preview users"" thing."
"That's why if I ever get a conservative talk show I'm naming it ""the Luftwaffe"" because that's what I want my movement to be about! I have a pretty liberal mindset and so I often watch their new stories, but it still boggles my mind as to why they would name their show after the Young Turks, and then awkwardly try to explain that it means someone who fights for progressivism. Dude, I get that the original Young Turks were a liberal movement, but it's the political party responsible for the fucking Armenian Genocide. You couldn't have used a different name?"
"To be fair the girl did regain consciousness ... sounds like she had quite the experience with drinking and passing out and maybe was a better subject mater expert than the party destroying EMT or police? Idaho woman gives IV to girl, 14, with alcohol poisoning instead of calling 911:"
"That was kind of racist, don't you think I think Herr is a title Reserved for Uchtdorf"
"That luxury budget must be terrible. General Welsh told Congress that morale in the force was ""...pretty darn good."" Some of us tend to disagree."
"I think those are just 4 photoshopped pidgeys... What did you do this time, Cubone?"
Yeah because they were such a problem the last 2 times we played them. Yes you are ;)
"great, now there is another eagle who still plays like a MG2 Easier to rank up since latest vac wave?"
And they are such a joy to have Did you want ants? Because somehow you got ants.
"Well don't be dumb, she was 60 so clearly you can replace her with 10 woman who are 6 year olds Going from a wife in her 60s to one who's 6 is a little extreme, though."
"Let's hope we get another big green dub! Toonami.. Funimation.. could someone clarify, who is going to do the English dub for US audiences? Has this not been decided yet, or is Toonami doing the only english dub? It would be really weird if the DBZ Voice actors (Chris Sabbat, etc) didn't do the voices for this series, wouldn't it?"
Engine freeze is a great idea Race summary: *Meh*
But gta doesn't have cross platform play yet. Nothing beats driving around in a fancy car on GTA giving peasants the finger :P
"Personally, I love the feeling of a tiny penis entering me dry. ""So comfortable you can't even feel it"" my *ass*. I can always feel the little bastards."
"""sir"" or ""mister"" What do you call a white person on the moon?"
This is why the solution to unsafe driving is police writing more tickets! Except for the clear cheap shot most hits were not intentional. You rely on officials to correct your errors. Flag someone and they will change what they are doing.
C'mon Sonic Boom 3! Sonic 25th Anniversary E3 Event Announced
"Just needs to be on an elite squad like the Hornets Courtney is a -17, jeez"
"Excellent comment, comrade. Another lie. One day Russia will give you answer on such permanent false accusations."
Thanks for the helpful reply. Get a life you weirdo. Maybe try going out of your house for a bit.
Shut up science bitch! Math lol your 20% is wrong in the title.
Who's Gene? I don't think much of that was reflecting on Sally. That was about his relationship with Bobby (and maybe Gene?). I think he has loved Sally for many seasons now.
Eating Oatmeal twice a day can cause cervical cancer in men. Anything wrong with eating oatmeal more than once a day?
Oh boy I hope this game has micro transactions! EA Says It Would Delay Mass Effect Andromeda Again If it Makes the Game Better
"Yeh, I should be able to gain state secrets with a simple request to the government, right? Our FOI act has so many exceptions as to be useless. - State secrets (so anything involving foreign relations, military or intelligence) - Commercial sensitivity (anything involving a contract, outsourcing, or a quasi-NGO) - Privacy (anything involving a named person, even when said named person's words or actions have a public impact)"
Oh looks it's powered by the nintendo switch! Tesla's Upgraded Self-Driving Technology
"Thank gramp, maybe you should do the same for Grahdens Congrats :("
COD = BF duh! How are these even related situations? Please explain?
Ferrari LaFerrari What are the best car names of all-time?
"Wow, just some excellent parenting all round then? Nope, Esther didn't defend or protect Klaus, she just stood by and watched as Mikael abused him. On top of that, she put the curse on him to bind his werewolf side by using the blood of a girl he and Elijah were both in love with! Great mother, right?"
But he is healthy! If he was vaccinated he would be a champion.
Pig three conspiracy: no Asians in this XI. Red alert: Celebrating the Ginger XI
"he forgot the I thought that was already a suggested thing, though not by the fpi."
Please wait until after they pass that new law to legalize it before commenting it's illegal! The NSA Reportedly Stole Millions Of SIM Encryption Keys To Gather Private Data
"Don't you know that sexism is okay if it's against men? So he has two options. He could escalate the situation, which would probably result in a fight and then him facing absurdly biased courts and social judgement, or he could deescalate while getting video evidence of the abuse, which seems to be what he is doing. But now he is either an abuser or a bitch. Wonderful."
This is how gaijin balances the Yak-9T/K; your pilot takes hallucinogens before take off. Derp Graphics Thunder
Good thing we just gave them another $1.3b Iran vessels make 'high speed intercept' of U.S. ship: U.S. official
They definitely don't make up the majority of the victims of violence . Men are never the victims of violent crime
"Well yeah, 500k more likes and I'll have enough to save the world. Really? To make fun of their kids and make them a laughingstock for the whole world to see? Just because the parents want their 5 mins of fame? Ewww... Isn't that what bullies do? The kids will eventually grow out of their tantrums. As for their parents... you can't fix stupid."
"But, but, this game is nothing like Prime, they just slapped the Metroid name on last minute because that would make it sell! Luigi's mansion was actually a much bigger departure from the Mario standard then Federation Force is to Prime"
Are you Canadian ? Congratulations! Does anybody know what type of bird that under tarp is in the background?
"So what I'm supposed to take from this is that the war on terror worked, right? In the past ten years there have been more indictments of right wing terrorists in the US than Islamic terrorists."
"It's an investment. Is this dude even getting good money from entertainment anymore? His relevance started fading a while ago, I feel like he's on a straight track to bankruptcy buying shit like this."
No but Thermight can burn horizontally... #JET FUEL CAN'T MELT STEEL BEAMS
Glad to see this sub doesn't go to complete shit off season. Anyone else finds Suits motivating to do better in life?
"A 6 mana 3/9 with taunt and a good upside doesn't seem too strong at all Bolf Ramshield: Give him taunt. Super easy fix, only a minor change, and instantly solves his biggest weakness and makes him a legitimate choice for protecting your health."
"Good job buddy, really ready to turn my life around! To those who worship Satan from the Holy Spirit (pdf)"
"Well, if you just give them a place to stay, more of them will come, doncha know The priorities of latter-day Jesus I read in the paper this morning how homeless people in Salt Lake are on the rise and SLC isn't going to add shelter space. I guess the latter-day Jesus is more willing to pitch in 5 billion $ to accommodate shoppers in his chosen city of Salt Lake than he is to accommodate those out in the cold."
Russians do. He hasn't avoided shit. No one wants to give him their money.
"I don't understand, that is perfectly balanced! You dropped your Kappa somewhere"
But where do her organs fit in? sexy hips
"Dinosaurs, man. Yeah... In fact it's more than likely millions of evolution usually leads to extinction."
thats fucking rascist! I've been questioning if him in white face paint would be good or not.
"obviously you haven't tried budlight platinum Good luck to them on the ""high-end"" part."
"walang offering sa altar nya? Kill them, burn them, chop their head off... Du30 almighty! Our god will perish all the evil!"
[test] Which is the best random event you have encountered in Gta V? Even after playing the game for months the random events still surprise me!
Passing rot with a pug on a Japanese server is great fun Or find a group that can pass rot
"Ssshhh, you're supposed to be ignorant about it, remember? I've tried AirBNB a number of times, but I'd honestly rather stay in a hotel from here on out."
"Right, because that is sure to attract ordinary citizens to the cause and *not* make those protesting look like violent radicals Violent resistance."
"The Toronto media was right, he is lazy, just standing there watching Phil is in town"
"if you kill your enemies , they win Well we're not going to let them do that. Planning to visit friends in Berlin for New Years Eve. That plan won't change."
Nah I didn't build anything or have ships when invading an enemy players home system. I hope you had a fleet accompanying them... otherwise if they built one fighter ship your spacedock would blow up....
Isn't this technically King of the Hill porn? Bandit (Sinner)
"!RemindMe 3 Months Guy looks into puppeteering instead of going into therapy More fun too I'd imagine. Alright, we'll look into a puppet."
4132 may be just a little bit too defensive What if we went wide? 4132 or a wide-ish 442 diamond
"Yeah, and springing it at the end wasn't awkward at all That's a pretty awkward thing to say"
"Just use SpeakOn. This might be an odd request My girlfriend is trying to figure out what to get me for our 1 year anniversary, and I'm not really the type of guy who wants his girlfriend to purchase gear for me. Not that she wouldn't get the right thing, but I don't want her spending that much money. So the odd request is this: Can you guys think of any DIY projects she could build that might be a neat idea? I've seen a picture where there's a 1/4"" panel on the wall and your keys have a 1/4"" plug on it and wham, but I feel like I have too much weight on my 'biner for that to work. Thoughts?"
"Looks expensive, what did it cost? Remodeled my friends bathroom floor, 7000 pennies later..."
"Fuck off you peasant... He watches more CFB games than you you pleb. Dude, I'm not sure what to say to you. Before this thread started, the tally of cumulative upvotes that I have given you, suggest to me that I have found your comments insightful. Then, this thread happened. You think FSU should roll over Miami. Fine. That is a completely valid opinion. Where, in my opinion, you went off the tracks is when you condescendingly dismissed any opposing opinion by stating that you have watched more football. Should I be ashamed to think that my favorite team has a chance against FSU? Should I keep my ill-informed opinion to myself, so as not to offend you?"
Now that's the face of a player who wants to go to a bigger club! A simple message
"Yes because all women are attractive and can get sex on command, ugly women don't exist and men don't have any preferences and can't control their sexual urges. People like getting to the genitals quickly! Can't blame them. As guys, we never know when we might get lucky again. Because for guys, sex is in the odds. For women, they only have to ask a straight guy!"
"Well we have a lot of silent die-hard pro admins so it's pretty much the same thing, right? Guys, does the PDEA really monitor this subreddit or nang gagago lang kayo?"
This is so ironic I don't think you know what a paradox is.
Shhh don't distract them from finishing Godus. Why? Game would be out in no time. .. ..... ....... :D
You can make dick jokes on TS and complain about russian bias What are the benefits of playing in a war thunder clan?
All powered by a high quality Duralast battery! DIY Cooling fan wiring? What could go wrong?
No let's downvote and complain every week why we keep seeing new ones. So should we upvote and reward this guy for his ignorance
"But my daddy told me unions are evil You're talking about this as though Atlanta Uber Drivers are a union. It's non unionized; it's every driver for themselves. If 300 of the 900 drivers decided to boycott tonight, that just means a better night for 600 of them. They don't all share the same brain."
But their terrorist children... 168 children killed in drone strikes in Pakistan since start of campaign - Telegraph
You mean its on live and not just test? Hossin is my favorite. Too bad Connery doesn't know it exists.
"Flash just outruns the vacuum. Frieza has been shown to think blowing up a planet is a simple response to a problem because he can survive in a vacuum. Unless Flash could kill him before he makes that decision, I'm giving this to Friezer."
"Yeah and next time Ronda Rousey and Holly Holm fight Ronda should go for the take-downs also. Yeah Gus is a tough match up for DC, he won the first time but I do think he'd be smart to implement his gameplan from the first round of their fight for 5 rounds to win easier."
"I disagree, this is basically a loss, seasons over. A 6'6"" TE beating our 6th CB isn't the end of the world"
But 4 reference 290's probably can. Jetfuel can't melt steal beems.
But would you take him over James Thrash? Desean ties Miles Austin with 0 drops all season.
"Isn't that common law of the roads? ""Guy was driving recklessly so I drove recklessly to teach him a lesson"""
"Yes, there are no depictions of churches in Renaissance art Except that it doesn't look like Renaissance art."
"Downvoted because opinions. 773 MP games, and still haven't played the campaign."
You're wrong. I feel like jazz listeners love nothing more than to argue about what jazz is. We should thank Kendrick for giving us a new opportunity to do so.
"Yeah but Jim's clearly still breathing so they must have just been trolling! Jim Sterling - ""Been reading some very ethical attacks directed at members of my family today. It's all so ethical."""
No stop shut up trading is always horrible and the community is full of assholes all the time and there's no reason to think otherwise ever. Trading? Not always so bad
Yeah but they were built on strong socialist ideals. Eh... you might want to count the number of palaces Putin has before pointing any fingers at Ukraine.
"How do they not understand that religious freedom is for Christians only? After Muslim prayer, commission changes to moment of silence"
For the greater good. The council which banned sleeping
"In the meantime, you can just prevent them from listening by wrapping your phone in tinfoil. Edward Snowden wants to build an iPhone case that will tell you if the NSA is listening"
"Because your duty as a gamer is to put the companies that make your favorite games first. If you plan on buying money, why don't you just use the money now while you have it so that way you could save some money IRL."
YOLO This is never okay.
"That would be too obvious, just a week after the left-wing party has been elected into government! maybe cause the politicians of the era even to the present were bribed by countless german companies?"
You're just jealous that women in the west cant become suicide bombers without their husbands' permission. This is not the sort of women's rights that we were hoping for..
"Absolutely, its just fanboys that put *The Godfather* or *Schindler's List* on top. IMDB scores are less of an indication of how good a movie is but rather an indication of how many fan boys a movie has."
Subjective judgment is bad You must be new to Reddit
If we take the money from rich people and give it to the poor people then everyone will be richer Not understanding a basic supply and demand curve is logical???
I like how they put Titan Z's in steam machines. Why would you do this?
Because bullies only come in African-American Dear African-American Teenage Girls: Please stop making me feel racist.
"wow, what a horrible confession! The distraction I need"
"But it's not EU money, it's OUR money! It's funny - a lot of the flood defences built were aided by EU money."
"Another example of Marshall being nothing but a locker room cancer Joe Anderson (ex-Bear, UDFA WR) held a sign outside of Houston Texans stadium about a month ago saying he was looking for work. Today he was signed to the Jets practice facility after Marshall reached out."
"It has everything to do with poor teammates, like if your teammates are gay. I don't understand what having autism has to do with poor teammates. Bad form."
Knowledge for noobs? Pokemon Distance
Can't wait to see them not add a 6th garage so I can not acquire any of these new cars and vehicles NEW DLC: GTA Online: Cunning Stunts Coming July 12th
To bad he doesn't use the best words like Trump. He could have spent hours talking about all the ways the media screws him but instead he brings the focus back to the people.
"Remember to pay the ""tourist"" tax and different prices as well for travel, lodging when visiting these areas.. It is an awesome way to keep tourist interested.... Argentina is So Beautiful"
What a bunch of anti-Semites! FWD: Would you?!?1
"Is fun when you get on the internet and bitch about stupid shit? i don't think all of this nerd rage has anything to do with their business strategy, or that they ""don't care"" about you. it's games, dudes. games. it's supposed to be fun. do you all remember what fun is?"
"They beat an SEC team in their bowl game, something Bama and FSU can't say After the playoffs here were the final rankings. Again this doesnt even make sense anymore. 1 Ohio State 2 Oregon 3 TCU 4 Alabama 5 Michigan State 5 Florida State 7 Baylor 8 Georgia Tech TCU wasn't even in the playoffs yet here according to the AP poll, they are now ranked ahead of Alabama and FSU"
"Only one thing for it - bulk up to BMI 35 and wait another six months. One of the major problems facing scientific studies of weight loss techniques is non-compliance. Changing your lifestyle is hard and a certain portion of your participants are going to give up, corrupting your data. Well, at 40 lbs down and 65 more to go I said to myself, ""I've proven that I can stick to a diet plan and I intend to lose more weight anyway. Let's sign up for a study. For Science!"" But wait! Science doesn't want me. I used a study finder to search for things going on in my area and after filtering out the bariatric surgeries (no thanks) all of the studies have three conflicting requirements: a BMI of 30 to 40, a willingness to restrict caloric intake, and no significant weight loss or gain in the last 6 months. So you need to be overweight, capable of sticking to a reasonable diet, but simply have chosen not to. Science, where are you finding these slightly chubby unicorns?"
"The best way to change something is to do nothing No it isn't. It's a choice to not support either candidate, votes are earned not given."
Gotta save the world from those Democrats! Liberals
"GUYS DON'T GIVE IN, WE MUST RESIST AND LET THE SHITSTORM RAGE! I was just thinking about the preferred thing today. Sweet."
nice support Sooo... Where are Reddit sweethearts Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren on all this?
"Hilarious and original. I too, own a Pip-boy.."
Yeah our uniforms are fresh Nice shirt
Thats a good thing to openly admit to! Yeah but I've been hacking unused Conqueror accounts and taking their pearls. It's not worth it for me when I have to level them up to 20 to take their 2500 pearls.
"Clearly half of the country are 14 year old weeaboos Eh, there's a lot of unironic support for Trump at the mall where I saw this at. I grew up and live in Republican territory (home county went 80% red)"
"No, Ye just wears fake bombers of his own brand Does that mean they are real though?"
Such a disgrace Pffft...and he calls himself a Brazilian?
"No no no, gasses are ""stuff"", solids are ""things"", and liquids are ""wet stuff"". Gases are most definitely ""things."" They are composed of atoms, molecules, and matter. The very fact that they are called gases qualifies them as things. If they weren't things we would call them nothing(s)."
Probably from the Captain's boost How do you Crosby to 99?
"Only white people can be racist. Yeah, I didn't totally understand that. Like, it's okay for a PoC to use racial slurs against someone else?"
"Hopefully you forgot to add the Ooo, legit high brow history reference. Nice."
"*Yeah. yeah, not a native english speaker so sometimes things slip through when I am really tired. No need to correct if you can easily understand the meaning based on context though."
"Of course, what rational person would think that a government that has probably killed journalists that criticize it might be lying. So you expect Russia to be honest? Really?"
I'm sure the native populations were very happy they were able to help. iIRC colonialism reduced conflict within Europe because the superpowers were more focused with obtaining resources overseas rather than fighting each other for little scraps of land.
you can also mount a 25 pounder on it too It can use both at the same time? Good god.
I mean the only real answer is I'm totally a stalker? How do you know what all her posts are like now if you never use Facebook? hmmmm
"False rape accusations are PART OF THE PATRIARCHY. ""We would never reveal the name of a sexual assault victim"" But there's no fucking problem giving the name of anyone accused no matter how bullshit the accusation might be and how much you might ruin his life... ""Male privilege"""
"What happens on May 15, Skyrim DLC? So many games to play, but through it all I have a constant reminder of May 15!"
"Ha clothes, I used to get books all the time as a kid and I absolutely love it. When you're a kid you hate getting clothes for Christmas. Then you grow up and find out just how expensive clothes are. Thanks grandma!"
"Remember, only anti-gamers critique video games. Video games are art until they get a feminist critique."
"Fucking UN, those anti-semites! Israel a No-Show at Its UN Rights Review"
But i've got this totally new idea of asking blizzard for servers for each of the expansion-packs! So many of the same posts hahaha
"I always loved that the stealth class was the only one to get blingtastic armor options. Well, infil have 2 unique bling armor. Wish LA got something uniquee too, but it's a nice bundle I think."
"You don't need front sights when you're spraying those horrible, cop/baby killing, military class bullets. You'll also notice they sawed off the front site, don't want that getting caught on anything when you're pulling it out of your waist coat : P"
"I for one, am glad we have priorities straight. The Hidden Cost of War (ANIMATION)"
"Yep that's 92% of people are sexist So which film does this sub prefer? i excluded the original because well, then the choice would have been obvious."
Too much lens flare. As an American I'll admit I'm a bit jealous.
Can two cans and a string get 4G down there? The point is they're not real rednecks. they're just regular people acting like rednecks. I think rednecks should take offense to that if they know how to get on the internet.
"Ohio: teaching women their place! Flanked by six men, Ohio Governor Signs Stringent Abortion Restrictions Into Law"
"Democrats sure are our saviors... Republicans want to weaken 'extreme' labor and worker rules, but Democrats vow to stop them"
"At least he gets to say he scored on Jordan.... (1999) Michael Jordan stops by the Bulls practice. Corey Benjamin says to him:""I'm sorry you retired, because I wanted to take you."" Bad idea."
oh you're gonna love what they did to Harbinger and Claustrophobia. Update just rolled out. Fat pack and 5000 money. Just got it. Hoping it is a good update. Got a legendary for jace so I guess I'm about to go play around with that....have fun
You're depressed because you didn't move your body for the length of an EDM song! Don't tell me what kind of music to listen to you fucks. If I wanna dance to banjers then I'm fuckin putting my back stepping shoes on.
"{{Hungry Burger}} ftk is too op Good Ritual based decks? As I am preparing for Cyber Angels eventual release, I am craving a good/decent Ritual deck which I can use until they are released! Any tips/ ideas for decks would be wonderful!"
he was int he middle of changing for his job volunteering down at the shelter when those cis white officers decided to oppress him why isn't he in a graduation gown and cap?
"Chicago and their gun loving laws caused this! 11 month old baby shot, mother and grandmother killed in Chicago"
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH you look just like sia cause i can't see ya
Found the black guy Not generally when in America.
Just a fluke. Tarasenko at it again...
"They didn't have time to conduct a proper investigation, the news crew they brought along where getting antsy, they wanted to get some footage of some folks being shot up for the evening news. Cops thought they were smart tracking down an IP address to a home, but were too stupid to investigate before implementing a seizure with deadly force. All they had to do was to use a laptop to see if the family had an open router *before* the raid."
"Wait... By ""literature"" you didn't mean ""Wikipedia articles""? Before we get too snarky, yes Keynes' general theory is still taught in undergraduate economic programs. Keep in mind that there are many assumptions underlying the thrust of his arguments, not to mention that it's a business cycle theory that has little to say about long-run growth. I'm guessing, if you're up to date with the work done in this area, you appreciate the work done in the ""New Keynesian"" framework... Eichenbaum, Christiano, among other excellent economists. These models are still difficult to use for policy analysis as they aren't really structural (Chari et al.)... i.e., it's hard to tease out the real effects of policy due to identification issues. So I still think the question of effect sizes from policies intended spur aggregate demand, in today's economy, is very much unanswered. Either way, as you know, attempts to subsidize demand can fall flat if there are underlying structural issues with the economy."
The magic hand of Free Enterprise and Capitalism will always find a way to put delicious seafood on my plate. Global Fisheries Are Collapsing -- What Happens When There Are No Fish Left?
"It's not like he caused a famine that caused the death of millions. ""Mao Zedong wasn't a great ruler"" is the most gross underestimation I've heard this week."
"sorry, i was masturbating What the fuck is that low rumbling sound near Dean and 50? It's been going on since 4:00, it's 6:30 now"
Yeah so fuck them. But only 10 percent of those deaths are in non-smokers.
"I always thought you had to be 16, but I guess when your mom leaves the church there's a need to get her away from that *horrible influence* Since when is tracting with a 12 year old a thing? TBM DD12 came home from church today saying that the sister missionaries invited her to knock doors with them sometimes. She turned them down. But, wow, that totally creeps me out."
"Wait, are you saying you don't support our troops?TM These are the stories I think of every time I hear politicians say we can't decrease DoD funding."
"Evolution is therefore a lie! frogs found inside rocks, some still alive"
"Corey Lewendowski showed it is OK, because he was never charged. And it's okay to grab a woman's arm because...."
"Yeah and they're spraying chemicals on it too! Male and female corn. Female corn is shorter and has had the tassles cut. This is the corn that will be harvested. The taller corn with the tassles still attached is the male corn. Once pollination is complete they'll mow down the male corn. This is how monsanto makes scary GMO laboratory mind control corn. they grow it in a field, just like nature, and let one type of corn naturally pollinate a different type of corn and make a new type of corn. Just like nature. But monsanto is evil and everything is a conspiracy."
"But RUSSIA...R..U..S..S..I..A. Nothing else matters. Just remember all, the Secretary of State for the United States of America's emails were found on a civilian laptop. THAT is the issue. It is a huge NATIONAL SECURITY issue. Nothing else matters."
"It's the double copper wrap that makes it code, just a single wrap would be a no no. I swear I've seen that in the code book as legal..."
but but but then I wouldn't get the pleasure of feeling like a better person than they are! Man I dunno maybe we could just have decent rehabilitation for drug addiction rather than punishment. Seems like that would be a lot easier than sterilizing people? Is it that hard to not be a vindictive person or what.
"As everyone, even your client, has the most up to date browser, and all APIs across browsers are implemented with one standard. That's not even the primary use of flash. Most people use it for simple animations that could be done in JavaScript or even HTML5/CSS3."
"""Sounds like a hardware problem"" Did you turn it off and on?"
Mortal enemies. Ludlow high
"But times are different now! Don't worry, it doesn't happen to every young couple. My wife was just 19 and I 22 when we married. 34 years later we're still going strong."
"How homophobic Well, have fun with rising sea levels then. No dikes for you mate."
"Disorganised religion isn't much better. Organised religion has no place in modern society, let's all sign this!"
"*club they're not gangs when they're white The guy is right that he should be careful, tho. Biker Gangs are dumb and ruthless"
I remember the dude was a colored guy! Fortunately a lot of the people trying to scam them were not smart people.
THE FREE MARKET! Of course the U.S. Patent Office is directly connected to the government. Who else do you think should be in charge of registering and approving patents?
"I mean, they gave him 5 AD already Do you guys think that the Urgot ult buff is is going to be strong enough to justify the passive and w nerf?"
Oh wow Emma had to go through so much Famous People Who Came From Broken Homes
God what a jerk Lewis is. Silverstone 2015 post race Lewis and the fans.
"Reddit does not believe a team can lose its will to play their best after a big loss so by default your argument is void. The Oklahoma team that we played and the Oklahoma that you played were two very different teams. Against us, they had no losses and were working towards a playoff spot. By the time they played you, they had two losses, were out of the playoff race, and did not nearly have the same motivation as a result. Then on top of that, you played them when their best WR was out with an injury. The entire dynamic of the game was different your time around. So while we did both play Oklahoma and you beat them by a larger margin, you cannot argue that they were playing at the same caliber both games."
"yeah they are definitely 100% clean now Right, so a scandal that happened in 1987 is totally relevant for a pop song crafted by morons in 2003."
Well yeah I'm sure if as many people took heroin as took paracetamol this would still be the case. Medicine is worse for you than illegal drugs
"It's not that hard... What do you think islands are? Taxes that are possible to avoid will be evaded to some extent. This is inevitable. Some taxes are impossible to evade. One of them, Land Value Tax, is possibly the most progressive tax ever conceived, and it has no dead weight loss to the economy. You can't stash land away in a foreign bank account. If you could they would have already done it."
"Yeah, FDR was pretty shitty I love that, when prodded for evidence that atheists are better politicians, this person posts examples of religious politicians doing bad things. This is literally the bravest drama ever."
"They do this to encourage PC sales because Devs really just want to make PC games. Why do PC always get cheaper but Console ones nearly never do? As the question is, how is it that console games always nearly keep their prices up and Steam/Origin/Uplay/DD games always tend to get massively discounted even after a few weeks? One big glaring example is Shadow of Mordor was purchaseable for 33 euro lately, whilst it is still 63 euro for consoles? Is it because of console 'monopoly' being owned by Sony/Microsoft/Nintendo and they get to dictate the prices? Do PC games fall down after initial releases that it is required to discount them to keep the 'wheel' going? Sorry if I am asking this but it always bugged me and GamesDealsMeta seemed the best place for this."
"Yep, cause being attracted to someone automatically gives you the right to pester them with stupid messages. Wow, men being attracted to a woman. I'll alert the media."
"Goddamn I love living in Iowa. As a person from a pretty key swing state, amen to that."
"But they're trees, and trees are plants, and vegetables are plants, and vegetables have no calories, so Reese's Peanut Butter Trees have no calories! I think I cried a little when I found out those Reese trees have 170 calories. :'("
But it's clearly at r/lounge not in Shibuya You can relive the plot of Footloose while in Shibuya
"Oh yeah I forgot Android Pay uses MST as well Go away Samsung, its Googles time."
"You forgot the You mean, people who are driving to make money go where the highest surges/demand is located? Man, Uber drivers are such racist assholes for wanting to make money. Bad, bad drivers."
"Considering Michael routinely abuses Gavin, the office foreigner, does that make Rooster Teeth racist? Tekken 7 Swimsuits TOO SEXY - The Know (Tekken Creator Laughs At SJW's"
"Shh don't give away military secrets! Nah man, let me tell you. The Bundeswehr hasn't been in a worse state since 45'. Most of the fighters don't fly, none of our ships have helicopters anymore, we have 2 functional transport planes and a lot of the factory new equipment has to be plundered for parts. Oh, did I mention the massive under-funding that the german military faces? Trust me, germany isn't stopping much in its current state."
"You forgot the I am totally shocked what happened here, but it also shows Israel completely lost control over the situation. They build a wall, bomb the shit out of Palestinian areas and cultivate a very special racism against Arabs. In my eyes the strike hard politics have completely failed and it is time for Israel to reconsider how they want to live with their neighbors in the 21st century. I am not justifying the actions of the Palestinians, I condemn every form of violence!"
i'm sure that's just a coincidence and not something they actively factor into the hiring process Why is it that girls who work at hot topic are automatically hot?
Yeah conservatives have never done anything good! Be a conservative and get idiots to vote for you.
It warms my heart to know that while people are starving all over the world injured animal are getting the help they need. Elephant who had an accident receives prosthetic leg
The human eye cant see above 30 fps anyway! 600fps BB gun from two blocks away with a high power scope. TAKE THE SHOT.
"But corporate taxes are too damn high! Fifteen (of Many) Reasons Why We Need Corporate Tax Reform: ""This CTJ report illustrates how profitable Fortune 500 companies in a range of sectors of the U.S. economy have been...successful in manipulating the tax system to avoid paying even a dime in tax on billions of dollars in U.S. profits."""
"guy guys it's cool microsoft said they loved pc gaming just last week or something. Sadly, here's a graphics comparison even IGN would get right :("
"Kalista is very well designed with alot of strenghts and counterplay. Well-Designed Champions (Well done, Riot) There are many champions in the game with unbalanced kits which lack any counterplay (Yorick, Poppy, etc). And there are many champions that have saturated kits (mobility, hard CC, damage, and tankiness all in one champion). Irelia, Azir, Ryze, and Kassadin all come to mind. Meanwhile, there are the champions blessed by the hands of Godly developers which have practically perfect kits, balance, and counterplay. Orianna, Ezreal, Thresh, and Lee Sin are all beautifully designed champions with defined sets of weaknesses and strengths. What other champions are well-designed? Comment below."
good to see the pope doing something useful for once 800 Christians who chose to die rather than convert to Islam will be Sainted by Pope
Shit support didn't help her with them The best part I think is while he was ranting Vayne got herself executed to Krugs lmao
Well... This B&amp;N development **could** be Amazon's fault. I wonder if there's any development in the book market that hasn't been blamed on Amazon.
"Show him who's the boss! ""Father I'm building a PC, Bring money!"""
"Don't you know you're supposed to start playing this game at level 124 | Platinum rank? Its casual, why am I getting votekicked/teamkilled constantly for being low level? I'm level 12, have done all the situations and just want to have fun in the multiplayer, but the process of finding a game is making this boring. It takes me 10-20 minutes to find enough people for a game, and then I get votekicked/team killed... When I do find a game I'm genuinely top/near top of scoreboards, so I know my playstyle is okay, and besides how can I learn if I cant even find a game? I just don't understand this when its supposed to be casual, if I were queuing for ranked then fair enough. Have the decency to let some of us new guys play and learn from you, you might even be surprised! /rant"
"Thanks, now I have to rethink all my tests by replacing the ""user is a monkey"" statement with ""user is a falling horse"" one How to explain edge cases"
"Man, Sansa is really dumb. (Spoilers Extended) What?"
Didn't realise the guaranteed playtime clause in his contract extended to the national team oh boy..
It's just a rumor after all I don't think you can do that...
Extreme upvotes for that... If only he used Mistberg's models. These just... Appeared on the workshop.
Good to see the spelling police finally showed up. Must be quite a sight to see someone breaking while driving.
"I think you're underestimating Clifford's laser eyes. Honestly, Superior Spider-Man should take it unless he doesn't focus Wolverine. He can web up all of these guys in seconds, but if he webs up Wolverine last, Logan might tab him first, and take him out. Spider-Man 9/10."
"great reply, really disproves my point! Lol kk"
"Lol aurum means gold haha I think we're the only two on reddit who know this, fellow geniuses amrite x) Someone give this piece of shit some aurum."
"Millennials are ruining this country... Since when did we start putting a ""T"" in ROFL? I've noticed that a few times over last few weeks.. Whose decision was this? And we're the people consulted? I don't remember a referendum."
I'm sure it's CTR Reddit this week seems to have overwhelmingly embraced Clinton out of nowhere -___-
"How dare you refuse to have sex just because the other person is a woman, that's sexist I feel like the only way to win the game of feminism is not to play."
"The amazing build quality of the PT Not just the Magnum, Chrysler in general has some amazing cars, especially 2011+. But the hate is so real, most people will never experience how good they have become."
To be fair on the internet communicating with complete strangers it isn't uncommon to assume everyone is retarded unless otherwise stated Your sarcasm detector is switched off
Well maybe don't be such a communist and they'd love you more. My mom likes all of my facebook posts. Except the liberal ones.
"Make the game easier for me pls Inb4 ""fuck these entitled players wanting evreything handed to them"""
Fortunate that Londoners are so laid-back really. Gets me every time when switching back and forth between Aus and London. I disgruntle commuters wherever I go now.
How is it possibly that his arms move twice as fast as his feet! Adam Vinatieri running down Herschel Walker in 1996 as a rookie.
"Don't you know that the human eye can't see above a cinematic 24 FPS? I've seen others discussing it saying ""I'm playing it right now - it IS 60fps!!"" ... denial is a strong thing. Either way, it's still an enjoyable experience."
"But a musical *crossover* episode, now that's bound to be good. Musical episodes are always the worst and most cringey episodes a show makes."
Then use Its a satire comment by me. Chillax
Cuz Melo is in a small market and Kawhi is in a big market Yeah and Kawhi is getting press for his play thus far. The point is Melo is getting overlooked but he's performing very well this year.
"But i totally did this thing, that is a true thing I myself did but cannot prove. That much was pretty obvious. Now, if you had somehow managed to predict the absurdity that was English and Scratch actually being part ARquius all along, *then* I would be (begrudgingly) very impressed."
"What, you dont wait until you're challenger tier to start ranked? isnt everyone low elo when they started ranked? isnt that... how it works.."
"It's ok though, as long as you don't forget your Tetra Safestart. They're only 70 gallons off..."
"Hey if we have to mentally and/or physically scar a few people to bring a community together for a good time, then I think its worth it! Yeah, about that... the Roman god Bacchus was a rather questionable entity whose festival was known for its sexual violence and under age ""initiations."" It got so out of hand that the Romans had to make the festivals illegal, and they didn't like to crack down on any worship of state approved gods because it was considered a central benefit of Roman citizenship to engage in the practices that your community traditionally held."
RP is really getting the top tier guests! Ben Swann On Ron Paul Channel on 'Becoming Libertarian'
This bullet magnetism is going out of hand Triple collat + Quad feed + Kill chain + Gravity spike dodge = My best clip.
You're charging it wrong! Apple is quality!
"Boy am I looking forward to be moving to Bournemouth in September I'm from Bournemouth and here (due to the amount of addicts that come here for treatment and then fall off the wagon and become street-addicts) we have the highest percentage of heorin users, per head of population than anywhere else in the UK apart from London. Just asked my mum who's a Drug and Alcohol support worker, she said that there is a higher amount of white users than any other skin colour, in her experience."
You sound like a real catch Just dumped a guy cause he wouldn't lick my pussy.... his loss!
"Exactly, I mean why would Arsenal not buy a decent player instead of wasting money on rubbish like Sanchez? Benteke, hes a player tottenham or arsenal would buy. Not us."
Their lives are LITERALLY at risk staying in a third world country like France/Italy. Risking their lives to get FROM France to UK? Why cant/dont they just stay in France or any other European country they must have passed to get to France?
"Yeah, who would still sell USB 2.0 sticks and not 3.0 I can't believe my friend believes this..."
"So next it will be senior military personnel, then teachers, then academics (who will not be allowed to leave the country), then members of the police, then finally denying funeral services to Obama supporters? If he wins the presidency, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump would seek to purge the federal government of officials appointed by Democratic President Barack Obama and could ask Congress to pass legislation making it easier to fire public workers, Trump ally, Chris Christie, said"
Do you work for the Hillary campaign? How am I supposed to work after what I just did in my pants?
"If you want stealth get Ivara I want him for the stealth, i didnt realize the prime buffs werent anything special. in that case ill just buy regular loki. Thanks!"
"Now that's some rational thinking! wow, totally misleading headline. The asshole killed himself, and no one took his life. Good riddance. And no, he shouldn't get a Muslim burial."
"Lol kinda the same reason why I don't have a gf now...Bc my life is so interesting and full of ideas The first few seasons were way better, though. You can tell the writers kinda ran out of interesting ideas around the time they gave all the main characters girlfriends/wives."
"Lol so ready anyone can do it Its cool, your genji, just deflect then roll your face across the keyboard and beat him."
Children's Muslims need the most help. I read this as muslims instead of museum... cracked me up!
"As long as you are not a man you will do fine Yeah, I know."
suuuuuure you have and all these warriors fans use to have a baron davis jersey I've been a diehard Steven Adams fan for a couple years now and I feel validated as fuck
"My black lab holds one litter at a time, I don't know how your scooter holds three. Mine holds 3 litters and gets around 100 miles a tank. I've filled it before its gotten empty before."
"does that mean memes? You have no idea what the No Memes button does, do you? One clue: ""No memes""."
"you are crazy, using real facts and a perspective outside the current circlejerk You should really educate yourself on the reality dude. Areas like Oakland or Richmond (majority black, schools underfunded, heavy poverty) in California aren't going to have the same opportunities like Los Gatos (heavily upper class caucasian). You don't have the same educational opportunities when the public school you go to doesn't even have enough seats or textbooks for students, but the people in Los Gatos can afford to send their kids to private schools and have after school tutors. When parents are working two jobs just to live paycheck to paycheck, and budget cuts close down sports programs and other after-school activities, it's much easier for kids to be influenced to join a gang because 1) they have nothing better to do 2) gangs can fill the 'role model' void left by their parents 3) there's a sense of gratification as you have the camaraderie of a gang (including what you refer to as ""the cool thing to do""), as well as any easy way to make money. When you can afford to have a stay at home mom to drive/watch after the kids, or have a nanny chauffeur kids around to soccer practice and ballet practice, of course you're not going to have the same result. Even for your utopian ""akeelah and the bee"" image of your 'potential black poster boy' that studies every day to get good grades, he doesn't have the same clear-cut security for college if 1) his parents never went to college so they can't help him out during the application process 2) nobody, including school counselors, try to help the kid because he just appears to be another deadbeat 3) pressure from gang influence 4) not being able to cope under the stress of shouldering the burden by themselves. This example is taking it a little extreme, so just think of it conceptually, but it is pure ignorance to think that people of two completely different socio-economic backgrounds have access to the same opportunities. To think that black kids don't go to school and join gangs strictly because of the ""cool"" factor is just pure stereotyping dude. They actually do have a 3-dimensional aspect that it seems you're not aware of."
 But then no one sees how many active friends you have! :(
"pssh corporations can't commit crimes- what do you think they are, legally persons or something? Which makes them guilty of what--treason?"
"This article full of american nazi lies, they manufacture article and video to slander peaceful demonstrators by showing video of angry pro-ukrainian fascists attacking bus with russian markings. this wont be on rt"
Wow what an original image she should sue! My friend who sells t-shirts through etsy found one of her most popular designs in Target this morning and posted this to Facebook.
Because America is a terrible wasteland filled with fundies who hate everything we love and kill puppies How is this related to atheism?
"Yeah because the guy that just suffered a concussion should be trusted to make logical decisions If this is all true, then Wideman is an idiot."
Do you wanna get cucked bro? nah it's been redpill-lite for ages now
"Walking around town with your lady in full battle armour, and dueling who ever is so foolish to attempt to court her. Which fashion trend would you like to see come back in style in 2015?"
What should I report to the IRS? The IRS.
The South shall rise again! US citizen here. I find it interesting that my fellow countrymen often support the independence of foreign regions like Catalan but would find the secession of US states from the USA to be unacceptable and abhorrent.
Because every single democrat wants to take away your guns.... Downvoted for truth
This had better work with the new Zelda game. Waluigi Amiibo
"No, we HATE Amy Adams. Any love for Amy Adams?"
"Here, you dropped this: They just do this to rope customers into their platform, right? No profit is made."
"Good stuff, looking forward to seeing this on the BBC later. Top energy and defence figure switches from No to Yes"
You sure LvG knows? Pretty sure it's been like 50 years since either club did a direct transfer. Never gonna happen.
"Wow, you must have degrees upon degrees in Politics, international relations, and Middle eastern history. Funny how the middle east works. You ignore it, you get Saddam, you invade it, you get massive collateral casualties, you ignore it, you get ISIS. My bet is to stick to a strategy instead of flip-flopping."
"I think the best reason why they picked it late was so that Uras could suicide in bot lane, and get a quick tp back to fountain that way Aegis will disappear whenever roshan revive. The best reason here I think that they picked it late to know when exactly roshan respawn. Aegis being reclaimed before 5 mins run out = RS respawn."
"Sure, all those ban reports over the last 5 months from plastik users aren't evidence, nope, not at all. That's just correlating two things with no evidence."
Should've left an Is that really necessary?
I heard 23 so maybe the human eye got a firmware update since that. I still don't understand where 46 comes from. I've heard 24 and 48 before but 46?
It's not like both of those go against christian beliefs or anything! None of them gay or trans either.
"no, as the video clearly shows the illusion is the same from every angle... but the person being showed would have to be guided into the exact right spot for this to work right?"
Thanks for explaining how *my* company works. Thats because you havnt been around long enough to earn paid sick leave.
Yes so let's all celebrate him by becoming stupid people He didn't just die. He was murdered. Because of stupid people.
"Obviously the solution for the Cech/Courtois dilema is to bring back the 5-4-1 and play cech as a sweeper! Good! Now there's only the mata situation, the eto'o-torres-ba problem and the courtois/cech dilemma :)"
Do you know how HARD it is to drive in reverse with a trailer behind your truck? I don't think he's doing this right
"But we are ""reforming"" them! Canada actually, same slap on the wrist though."
You seem well-balanced. Too many economics textbooks don't even cover the theory behind this in the first place. Scarcity economics and hoarding behavior is \~~SOCIALIST~~ in origin.
"As a fan who followed the Brewers closely during spring training, I saw this coming. Brewers become first team to reach 20 wins on the year"
"*Bradley Beal is such a whiney bitch* Bradley Beal on the response to KD in DC: ""It is disrespectful. He plays for Oklahoma City, not Washington."""
"I mean, it's alright... Across the Bay"
"Yeah fuck them, their kid deserved to die! Did the parents ever apologize to the owner of the store their son robbed?"
"Yeah, with all those world class players who are going to come in the summer! We'll surely make the top 4 next year."
We all know GoT is the correct answer to that question Downvoting a comment that suits perfectly the thread. **Example:** Thread: What's your favourite TV show this year? Comment: Gotham. Redditor gets downvoted because this is not the favourite TV series of others.
"But I don't own a 10/22 or 25rd mags, what does this have to do with me? I put $25 in to the fund. So should you."
How dare you invade this man's privacy while he tries to get into private shoot outs in front of your home! So is someone getting shot outside of your house.
You will be downvoted a lot because your opinion is wrong Office space is a shitty movie.
Yeah but reading articles is hard That's not correct though... He's just behind on his rehabilitation.
"Not at all propaganda. The police doubt the story, and its unfeasible, but we're doing that headline anyway, as though it were fact."
"Yeah, the Nazis certainly never did anything wrong... They make real Nazis look like kittens."
Banks are free they never post a profit or absorb any money from their customers Not only that if you are able to manage your money well there is no reason to pay any fees or interest using banks or credit cards in fact by using credit cards you earn free money via various rewards which over the course of a year add up. (tho never get a card with citi bank they are a terrible credit card company)
that kills you when you fall asleep :D NM Fredbear should be like a jumbo sized figure 2 feet tall and the stomach mouth opens
"Because gun-control works, and the police are here to protect and serve you. The British Police: getting away with murder since 1969: 827 people have died in police custody since 2004. Not a single police officer has been convicted. Why is police accountability failing in this most serious of issues?"
"Dude, but ""LULZ REPUBLICANS SUX THO"" Jesus tapdancing Christ, can we get over that argument already? The fact that everyone else is doing it *makes it all that much worse.* This government is *fucked*, Hillary is *fucked,* and stupid shit arguments like that with people thinking ""oh lol its okay thats just how gubment runs amirite"" is the reason it's going to *stay* fucked."
"""because free speech gives me license to offend anyone, and offending people is FUN and is my god-given right"" Gah and why would you want to have an offend *anyone* day? What is this middle school?"
"He's on his worst behavior ^please^dont^kill^me what are you talking abt? If Goku, Vegeta... and even Krillin can level up while in combat, so can Drake!"
Goddamn weeaboos. No. Anime.
"Coach Sherman Williams, right? I heard the dude who started it got an interview with a local news station and couldn't even name the Head Coach."
"I'm so glad they're our allies, their tolerant practices are nothing like ISIS. In Saudi Arabia, artist Ashraf Fayadh sentenced to death for atheism"
"Gasp, you dared to suggest that Vettel should be punished for swearing at the referee like what would happen in literally any other sport. I think it would've been better if Vettel had been fined, just to make a point. Perhaps even make it a fine that needs to be paid to a good cause or something. No fine is really going to hurt him much but it sets an example."
"But it only has 4 maps because I only bother to do a fraction of the content WoD may have failed content wise, but art wise it's some of the best work Blizzard has ever done"
"I stay home, staring at the static from my cable-less TV and eating homemade lentil soup for days! What does an r/frugal vacation look like? Where are the cheapest countries to fly to? Best time to buy the tickets? Places to stay and things to do on a budget? (I live in the US)"
"Make it a 2 supply unit, obviously. They cost 50 gas, they die very easy and because of their short range they will be in the front of the army. Plus 45 sec to build a 1 supply unit is quite a lot."
"I believe him, because that happens. ""gorgeous teenage virgin hotties who are subservient to my penis!"""
"Let's burn all muslims, their religion is so violent And sadly this guy is family..."
"If they don't rename the school after the shooter, it's a failure, I guess. When a white kid shoots up an elementary school, is that a failure of the white community or is that an isolated incident?"
Blasphemer! Spurs played 2 games last week didn't they? They dont need more rest unless we want Utah to win
Just stop posting false information! I thought this was supposed to have stopped?
"Ez, let me just go to my nonexistent local isp and get 50mbs Stop being poor and get new internet?"
"A corn oil consumable found in crucible that completely negates the thorn DoT's effect when used. A list of a few minor changes I'd like to see changed. What are yours? So, there are a lot of things I've seen people talking about wanting changed. And Bungie has sort of proved to us that they listen. If we make enough noise about things, they will hear us. I've been playing since launch, and I have a few things I'd like to see I know will never catch momentum. Mostly just petty stuff or little things. **Crucible Glimmer Consumable** - This one is pretty self explanatory. I'd like to see something that could make glimmer farming in Crucible more viable. Even if it is just during the Iron Banner. It is sort of frustrating to grind through a bunch of PvP matches to only have to farm to buy the gear we unlocked. This one is a little less relevant now that the IB gear is cheaper, but it would still be nice to have. **Different/Chosen Nightfall Character Animations** - I'm honestly not a fan of the blue-swirly fire stuff around my helm when I finish a nightfall. It does show off you completed it, but maybe everyone doesn't like having the same thing. Maybe let us choose colors, different animations, or just let us turn it off. I personally think it would be cool to have smoke billowing off your boots. Something along the lines of the animations in reach. **Reaching Rank 5/Lighthouse Makes You Ultra** - This one is simple too. I think it would be pretty neat that after you completed which ever event that week, your name gets a golden health bar to show off. This is similar to the Nightfall animation, just a bit more subtle and a lot more prestigious. **Legacy/Retro Shop** I'd like a way to get my hands on old armor and guns. Now that we can make any armor max light, It would be nice to pick what we get to wear based on a cosmetic value too. Opening up a shop that sold one set of armor per class would be another vendor to check out, and a nice way to spend some Vanguard/Crucible points. What are some of your wishlist changes for this game?"
Do I get a ~~gold star~~ green check mark for my sweet idea? I like it.
"These people need to just get jobs and not be around brawls. Holy crap. Why are the police on such a hair trigger that they shoot at a car full of people because the driver made an understandable mistake when trying to escape a brawl? Not only that but the police impounded the drivers car for four days, four days in which she was s.o.l. for transportation. There is a serious case of negligence here and I would be very disappointed if there are no repercussions to the officer involved or the city."
I totally support Smash putting in C-tier 3rd party characters that will never have a game ever again. Smash Direct 12/15/2015 Discussion Thread for people who are stoked.
"Yeah, what do I know. If you're targeting properly and people are liking your page as a result -- and you're providing more content that they're interested in -- it won't dilute your brand or your Facebook engagement. I mean, sure, if you're a business in Texas and you start targeting people in another state or country that you have do business in, you're probably going to get useless Likes that will ultimately hurt you. But that's a case of poor targeting, not a case of ""never promote your page for the purpose of growing your fan base""."
Irish if Irish were Scottish What is Northern Ireland's identity?
Dude recoloured obby shield is so nice though Why the fuck are some of the graphical reworks not passing either ;(
"Yeah and if they play against a pro with items off it will totes be a fair match. I bet these people thing that they can deal with items, and if they were to play against a pro with items on they would totally have a chance."
"Personally, I don't car about what you love. Personally, I would love to see it happen!"
"Yes because unless you spend at least 60 minutes out of your day on how you can keep the black man down then you are not a white man! I don't think you understand, everything wrong with the black community is the fault of white people. I took a class on how white people are evil."
"You have now been charged $5000, thank you have a good day. I'VE JUST COME TO ACCEPT IT. MAYBE IT'S A GOOD THING."
ARREST RON PAUL 2012! ROn Paul should be arrested as well for he push to audit the fed. As that will also undermine the currency of this country.
But Brownbackistan is such a free market paradise that capital flows from every faucet and everyone is crapping out gold! Because a country will go bankrupt if you do that. And that would be bad.
"Silly man, everyone knows only women have body image issues. Do you know many men who are uncomfortable visiting the gym because women are working out there?"
Oh no I am so scared I'm shaking in my boots. North Korea launches a ballistic missile
Redditors aren't intelligent enough to go to university/college. What one thing would you tell your college/university self?
"Yeah fuck companies for trying to make money. Sad, but incredibly true. Blizz has good and addictive games but man they are money hungry bastards.."
"Nah, if someone doesn't travel exactly as I travel, they're doing it wrong. For me, its usually something along lines of prohibiting cell phone or electronic usage and enjoying the experience. Whats wrong with taking a few great pictures and enjoying it? Pictures take a few seconds. You have the rest of the time to soak it in. Electronics are great now for translating and helping yourself when you are lost. Personally, I feel that electronics used in right way enhance your travel in so many ways."
"No ""Pet Cemetery""? Other improvements on the Stephen King stories (in my opinion): - The Shining - The Green Mile - The Mist - Stand By Me - *Maybe* the original Carrie. One King's best books, though. - 1408"
"Yeah why don't we just kill them? I guess Sweden has to take in a whole lot of more refugees then, I guess the current government would love that. Open borders is the only humane way according to our politicians."
"All rural people are slack-jawed, inbred, violent rapists, everyone knows this. The antagonists weren't farmers?"
"Check your privilege shitlord. You can do something about weight, not height"
HAAHAH GOOD ONE My Opinion on Apoc Today
"People that engage in self-reflection are total fucking sissies. Christ, ancaps are such gigantic pussies"
"It feels like it says that, though. It says no such thing in the article. You are lying outright."
"Hmmm, I somehow think Sendejo is involved... Sharrif Floyd Ruled Out For Sunday's Game"
Nah man you're just stupid and delusional An unsportsmanlike? Jesus Christ. Can all the Caps fans quit bitching now?
Doxx time? You also left in the plebs name. +LarvitarTheBeast
"Great idea, then remember to release it! I got a shiny Seedot recently. I named it Nuzlocke. Can't wait to do a nuzlocke run in ORAS with it"
"His name is McPhail for gods sake run and run as fast as you can Question from a Phillies fan Hi r/Orioles. As you may have heard, the Phillies will most likely be announcing Andy MacPhail as our new president. I was hoping you guys could give me a good fan's perspective on the guy. How much of your success is really due to him? Why did he leave and were the fans happy or upset because of it? Thanks a lot guys, always love rooting for the Orioles over the Yankees and Red Sox, so keep it up."
"If you had some of that work ethic, you too could have these expensive things and fucking platinum white hair Podcast 111 (nope) Listened to the first twenty minutes or so before putting this off and deleting it. Realised I was listening to schaub talk about spending 500 dollars on a haircut and $1000 on shoes from Louis vuitton. Quickly thought ""why am I listening to this spoiled LA guy talk about how he spends his fucking money?"" It's not relatable in any way, unless your a rich pretentious asshole."
"Yes, we need credible sources like MSNBC and Huffington Post. Was reading it until I realized it came from Breitbart."
"Patch 1.1.0, the patch that keeps on giving. PC Patch Bug: Game runs at the ""recommended settings"" based on hardware So to all those people seeing worse performances, or seeing there being literally no difference in running at Ultra or Low, it seems to be due to the fact that the patch is broken. The game runs at the new feature, which is detecting the ideal settings based on hardware. This, coupled with the bug preventing gamers from launching and playing the game in offline mode...makes me think, was this patch even tested? Where's the QA?"
The world just loves to punish OP! How is that a punishment?
That 35% that gets taxed out of my check every two weeks says 'you're welcome' US pledges $100mn to Syrian opposition groups
"Oh, so doing it for the exposure is working! I swear I have read this same story five times over the last three months."
"Gee your position on something never ""evolved?"" Flashback---Obama, Circa 1990s: 'I don't believe people should be able to own guns'"
"YOU SHOULD build it with Squarespace ^^^Build ^^^it ^^^Beautiful Yep. I'm looking into creating my own one for personal only. It might make it harder with embedding, but I don't care at this point. It's worth it."
"But white people don't have melanin so it's not a color. Man, it's like they have no idea what Martin Luther King said about all people of all colors coming together. Yes, even white people."
"So can I state ""10% donation to charity made in advance"" on a $30 item I paid $3 for at GW? goodwill game on ebay, ""all proceeds go to charity"""
"He never came back to Italy after the World Cup, maybe he's afraid of being assaulted because he was utter shit. Milan have hired a bodyguard to look out for Balotelli, who will monitor him 24 hours a day."
"You mean, they're not Taylor's family? My cousin runs her own clothing company and she made a shirt listing all the people Taylor Swift has banged. The ""Swifties"" hate mail is both horrifying and glorious:"
I take offense to that last statement Wentz. He is the better QB this year. Also WAS isn't anything special
"Wouldn't the signatories just be a list of supporters of George Galloway for London mayor? In response to the enlightening reply by the Government on the Cannabis petition, I've started a new petition: ""Ban alcohol consumption in the UK""."
"Yes, you're such a whore for not sending him photos of your boobs. Of breasts obsessions and butthurtness."
don't you know a BIG NAME COMPANY owns raybans I am not. Though I do own a Tyler's shirt and do own raybans.
He only seems to be attracting them. I Know Fascists; Donald Trump Is No Fascist
Wow this guy is such an idiot he doesn't even have an xbox one hurr Working hard on making those stereotypes come true
So THAT'S why pensioners don't have enough money! Hockey repeats incorrect claim that half of people's income goes on taxes
"I hope you realize what a horrible person you are and the dishonor you've brought upon the University of Florida. When I was a freshman at UF, I was involved with the local student government at my dorm. As ""events coordinator,"" I was in charge of organizing our dorm's annual Halloween party, which this year included a haunted maze that ended with free candy. At the time, many football players lived in those same dorms, as they were one of the few apartment style residences on campus. Jelani Jenkins and few other players went through the maze, got frightened a few times, and then grabbed what must have been more than $4 worth of candy. I stood there, and watched them do it. Today, I realized that I perpetrated a serious NCAA rules violation. God have mercy on my soul."
Allegedly... Unless you're his brother...
You lied to me! The pun was definitely intended... but I'm sure the masses won't be too harsh on you :)
"Info wars all the way! CNN is a very reputable source. They may not get things right every now and then, but they're very legit. Unless you believe in the Illuminati, in that case Mad World News is the reputable source for you."
That explains the recent EU nerf then! DPS elimo new meta
"we are, the goverment is just great at covring it up And why aren't we being jackbooted into the concrete by Obamanazi troopers? I mean the worst thing the government is doing is that some IT guy is reading our emails at Langley, you'd think that it would go further than that."
"Might as well hide everything! Blizzard, can we please have a hide gloves &amp; bracers option for transmog? It really suprised me that they didnt put this in when the hidden sgoulder Xmog were introduced into the game. so many Xmogs would look alot better if we could hide the gloves and bracers. I know many people will disagree with this because if we remove those aswell there arent really many visible items left, and i understand that. But on the other hand its not like its forced upon you and its not ""hidden chestpeice"" or anything that extreme, so why not?;)"
"""Profession: Politicics"" What sort of position is that? Trolling as Ezio"
Naturally the downed player grabs the back of the wagon and is dragged to safety. No kidding. You're missing the point it seems. The fact they weren't in the wagon at the end of the mission should mean we don't receive their tome/grim. I understand it's like that for bots when they're caught fighting rats but when it's another player character you'd think it wouldn't work the same. So I'm curious if this situation is working as intended by the devs.
"We lied to get in there, then did a horrendously shitty job once we invaded, but at least our heart was in the right place when we fabricated the moral justification for our actions after everything turned to shit. How do you support the false pretenses for the Iraq invasion? ""The ends justify the means""?"
"I really hope you forgot your As we all know, diversity is society's greatest strength and most valued asset. I think it's worth some collateral damage. When our culture becomes more tolerant and accepting then maybe these casualties will go down!"
"Greatness, obviously By what metric? This is not a true statement."
"Haha yes, realism, the defining feature of the sanders campaign If that's what you need to tell yourself. Realism isn't for everyone."
"Not as much as I like endless wars of aggression. It's not ""free"" its tax payer funded. We all pay taxes when we spend money or work and we all benefit from government projects. Do you like driving on paved roads?"
"Such a well articulated point; how can you argue against it Bungie, can you plx fix this horrible PvP bug? It has been in the game long enough... /HalfARant If me or an enemy's leg/ass comes from behind a corner or box (so walking towards the left), that person or me should NOT be able to see the other person's head before he is either dead or getting shot at because the other person can see the leg. They can only see the box. PLZ FIX THIS CRAP. /EndHalfARant"
"next you'll tell me they really aren't the live music capital of the world ""Invented the term"" Here let me fix that for you. The term you're looking for is ""coined the phrase"". Austin did not invent weird as they would like to have you believe."
"even funnier if he'd been buried at sea I think he scared everyone else straight haha Thinking about it more, it would be really funny if his friends did just prank him and put him in the morgue and never told him"
"Nigga nobody told you to go to Devry or ITT Tech. Community College, Trade School and the Military, and you know what they all have in common? They're cheap"
get gud low elo scrub wtf
"Dunno, ask the NSA. Will it have keylogger for the full release?"
Lol you forgot This game was easy for NaVi. I think final win go to Nip
"REPEAT AFTER ME FEMALES HAVE VAGINAS WOMEN CAN HAVE A PENIS FEMALES HAVE VAGINAS WOMEN CAN HAVE A PENIS It looks like someone missed biology class. Hell, they posted on Tumblr. They probably never even went to school at all."
This question. What is the dumbest thing you have seen upvoted?
"Choker, stat padder, detriment to the team. Russell Westbrook is now tied with LeBron for 6th all time in triple-doubles. He's played in 395 fewer games."
"It's the same reason I don't like short penises; they look too much like a vagina. ""i hate long vaginas. too reminiscent of a dick."" When prompted, poster proceeds to illustrate their meaning with a drawing of different vulva, labeling one ""gross and long...especially with that shit spilling out of it"""
"Cops only help people so they can get warm fuzzies inside, didn't you know. Did you mean selfishly or selflessly?"
"As I'm in Leicester this could become a possibility =) Though of course, by disagreeing with me, you're obviously fem and hate on your girlfriends. I still disagree with your reading, I stil think that saying things are one way doesn't mean you believe that they should be one way. But I'm glad we have a space for pleasant disagreement. If you're ever in Lincoln during the school year, hit me up. We can go get some wings."
You just need your brain desqueezed to understand. Spoken truly like someone who doesn't understand the human body at all.
"Wow thanks for completely irrelevant first few paragraphs. When you're ready to improve your skills, Unsub from this reddit, Get Premium SCG account, grind every local magic event. This subreddit is filled with pointless posts which will not help you improve your game. The days of intelligent deck discussion and strategy are gone. It's rare that you'll find an article posted on the front page now. Instead read as many articles as you can by Professional players and proxy/playtest as many decks as you can. Analyze Top 8 results to see how the meta game is shifting and how you can adapt your deck. Once you're comfortable with the game, think about taking the rule advisor test. It will start you down the path of knowing the finer rules of the game. Tl:Dr: Play EDH"
"wow SSBM sounds fun where does he live i'll be right over Well, my friend has a bunch of old consoles, so we played; Super Bomberman, Pokemon Stadium 2, SSBM, Pokemon Emerald, Battletoads and Streetfighter 2 to name a few!"
"If you're good with just listening to things without visuals, I can just get both of my parents to record you an audiobook of the last 20 years Movie about an early 20s guy who dropped out of college and has a hard time figuring out what to do in life. Preferably in a North American setting, altho I will gladly accept anything that somehow tackles this situation."
"Luckily for you you're on reddit and all black people act the same and are all good for nothing criminals who hate whites! The people looting and breaking/entering aren't protesters, they're criminals and people need to stop conflating the two."
"funny, I wouldn't have taken him for a man who was completely full of shit.. Bloomberg: Trump's net worth is $7 billion less than he claims"
But... they're gay names! The cake isn't gay. It's a cake with two names on it.
Of course. Does this work in multiplayer? One of my mates wants to know.
"Yes, because you know the child victim she attempted to rape totally deserves the life sentence she gave him by deeply scarring him, doesn't he? As much as I want equality in courts, I also want a proper justice towards any human being. Sure, jail time can be given for such act, but a life sentence? -That's absurd."
"Is that why men are 3 times more likely to commit suicide. Right or wrong is up for debate, but this kind of shameless hypocrisy annoys me"
"Yeah man, a $310-$350 GPU is totally the poor mans option. the poor mans recomended though"
"Yep, because modern day hetrosexual celebrities are so great at keeping marriage sacrosanct. Did I mention shit about anything below my quote? Why do you insist on putting words in my mouth. I don't approve of gay marriage, because to be honest I am disgusted by gay people and what they stand for. Why should the sanctity of marriage be tweaked for the sake of one minority?"
"Maybe not enough War of 1812? One of Canada's most successful cultural institutions turned 75 this week. So, why isn't the nation talking about the NFB's anniversary?"
"Apparently I'm doing this lesbian thing all wrong. Is it Creepy? Because I thought it is kinda funny. But worth sharing, at least."
So Marseille is Arab too? They speak Arabic
Why would you want to legally sell a drug at lower prices and then have to give out a cut when you can sell it illegally for more and all the profits go to you? Case closed.
"Gotta love it when people push their morality on your private life. Conservative MP, radical feminist and evangelical Christian come together to block online porn in Canada"
"*That certainly doesn't sound like it would encourage people focusing solely on short-term gains at the expense of the long-term well-being of the nation as a whole*. Slightly out of context... I once read in a book where the leader of a nation would be elected. All his possession would be seized and sold. He would do a term of 2 years. If he did a good job and increased the wealth of his nation, he would get a percentage. If he failed, he would be a pauper."
"anyone who suggests that small tribal groups inbred is clearly a racist The downvotes are because you jumped straight to ""inbreeding"", rather than a natural deformity, badly healed break, or any of a number of causes, which could be seen as a rather racist association."
"You mean like the warriors? Damn, that's impressive. I just worry about a team so reliant on the three point line and their ability to win multiple playoff series."
"Yeah, but board bouncing and Sothis are how everyone got Anacondas so that's ok. It's up there with all the other 'game mechanics' that people have used over the years; people were happy to rack up huge bounties from illegal goods scans and then get a friend to claim and reciprocate; people were happy to use the wake shield bug; people were happy to relog over and over again to make tens of millions an hour running sothis smuggling missions; people were happy to make millions exploiting luxury goods to the point where it was more efficient to self destruct rather than fly 1 minute back to the station and get more. There are no doubt more that I have missed. In the scheme of things this one is fairly minor. Out of interest, have FDev made a statement about this one yet?"
If only there were other parts supplier Apple could go to if Samsung didn't want the contract. It's kind of funny because they are suing their number one parts supplier for the Iphone.
"I guess responding back to someone on reddit means ""you're going crazy here."" yet again... how am I aggressive? I think someone is in need of some thick skin... heh??"
He should have been ejected for touching an official! Hester wants to make sure that refs don't call his punt returns back from now... resorts to giving massages.
Starbucks has declared war on religion! Starbucks takes Jesus out of parking
"Happy Birthday Ohrobohobo, sorry my gift to you will be there a couple days late A little celebration. I was sitting around last week, trying to decide what to smoke for my birthday. I remembered a special stick. A sweet co-worker who doesn't smoke ventured into a cigar shop a year ago, and gave a LFD Soloman. It touched me on a deep level because she had no business to be in a B&amp;M and bought one of the most expensive cigars in the shop because she noticed my glee when talking about them. It has been resting in my humi, and figured the one year anni was the perfect time to light it up. The cigar is gorgeous. Solomans have such an interesting shape and taste due to how much coal/draw, and how it changes during the smoke. This felt like it had aged away any roughness of my usual LFD (ligero/digger/NAS) and was a perfect medium body/medium strength mellow stick. Perfect stick to sit and think about how thankful I should be. Life is good, and I am surrounded by good people. Go be the person Mr. Rodgers knew you could be."
"14, guy might as well have stood there with his thumb in his ass. Trouba took 12 minutes in penalties right after...what more would you like?"
"Nice one! ""Happy"" Thanksgiving from Detroit"
No wonder they made her a judge on America Got Talent or whatever. I hope Marshall hears this
"Implying women can be abusers ""Obviously men are all unfeeling jerks who only love themselves. Their really only good for sex(and I'm gunna be having Lotsa sex btw)"" I feel like this person would be the abuser in an relationship"
"Does removing 6 month boosts ""add value to membership"" the same way removing daily login certs did? There are no plans to bring back the 6 month boosts at this time. They were a limited time offering and we're glad you guys enjoyed them. The bundles are being looked at and are a frequent point of conversation. We don't want to flood the market with bundles, but there are definitely some more opportunities we'd like to provide folks."
I just opened that up at work and was instantly fired Drunk Hitler
"But the American public should be privy to every single thing the military does, even if it's classified and and shows no improper conduct! Saying this hurts every time, but Manning deserves what's coming to him. See, if he were to have just released a few key cables &amp; the videos, this would be an entirely different situation. But Manning went ahead and leaked 700 fucking thousand documents. Unless each &amp; every one of those documents showed improper conduct on the part of the US Gov't, then there was no reason to leak them all, at least not within the framework of a Whistleblower. Obviously, the guy is not a terrorist, but he still had a chance to do the right thing, did the wrong thing, and he will end up suffering the consequences. I'm not going to lie though, I'd much rather see that pompous jackass Asange in prison than Manning."
"But, VENOM CURES THINGS! just take some rattlesnake venom"
"Well they are farther south than us, so that would make us colder? Danes: Do you see yourselves as colder or warmer people than Germans?"
"yeah, if only LeBron wanted it more, then he'd have a 6-0 Finals record I hate it when talking heads say stuff like, ""X team wanted it more"" especially in the playoffs. Most NBA teams that are competitive enough to get into the playoffs want to win. OKC wanted to win that game against the Mavs, the Mavs didn't want it ""more"" the Mavs just out executed OKC and Durant had a horrible shooting night. In very rare instances where a team just doesn't show up for some reason it might be appropriate, but overall when I hear those kinds of platitude I am on guard to be skeptical about everything that person says."
at least he didn't wrinkle his clothes I continue to not understand why people don't wear seat-belts
Why are you being so bad-tempered and sulky? Not gonna get any help here
"So this should also mean that intercepting signals to and from said tower is also an act of domestic terrorism, right? Trespassing at a cell phone tower is now an act of ""domestic terrorism"""
"Yeah, because that makes sense. If this is the surprise although I fuckin hate COD I will switch to COD."
"Sounds like a shill. Screw the junky ones from whatever store and just get Anker. Their new models have woven nylon cords and kick butt, as does their customer service. (Totally not a shill, just recommending an awesome product!)"
How else are we going to demonized Arabs? They also had ties to theBrits. Every nation had an active Nazi loyalist community. Nothing Arab only about it
Yeah they should go to the old way of spewing cans They should go back to the good old days. No numbers.
Because you've never ever on DHSJ's side.... Pinky promise? Literally one dhsj there
"it's like those 2 items were made for eachother. Essence Reaver and Trinity combined are brilliant! So i just started playing Gangplank this season again and thought about the way i wanna built him. I was usually plaing him with 15% cdr in Glyphs. In game i built the new essence reaver because i thought it would actually fit him very well and because you obviously built Trinity on him first aswell. After i finished Essence Reaver second, i just realized that i already reached max cdr. Trinity and Essence Reaver are a perfect combination because you get 10% cdr by ER and Trinity. In addition to that, you also get CDR equally to your Crit chance which is 20% by Trinity. All in all, it's perfect to get 40% instantly but of course it's not a item build for every champion, I already thought(and tested) about Lucian which works pretty well. I hope you understood me or my idea and maybe you guys got different ideas in that way."
Wasn't that impressive the Cho'Gath was only level 1 Impressive Master Tier Leblanc Outplay
This is where I'm supposed to step in right? Not really an on topic discussion for r/CanadaPolitics. Maybe you could try asking on r/CanadaNews :P
guys the sub is so much less cringey than the youtube comments right were better Why I love this subreddit
It was a quality loss Bears spanked us with their backup QB and we're still above them *crying laughing emoji*
I don't know what your talking about Where were you 2 years ago? (Never forget Broncos v Seahawks)
"Cuz, yeah.. after the election everything will be just peachy, no one will fight or get butthurt, and the GOP and Dems will go get an ice cream cone to celebrate. The one single downside of election season ending is that Colbert won't have as much of a reason to do heavily political stuff, which I think is what he does best."
"Well, that's those idolatrous pseudo-Christians sorted then! If you believe in purgatory this is a MUST READ !"
"He was camping, the arty showed him how to play the game dynamically, I see no problem here Bolagnaise got triggered by arty (Much Balance)"
It's almost as if it were designed that way. The Midwest Industries barrel but wrench works with mil spec barrel nuts
Lol most likely Can you give a reason that draymond is better than a player almost universally considered top 15 all time?
"But but, we can't charge them with perjury or it would prevent real victims from coming forward. She probably committed Perjury, that should have been something."
Yea hes definitely twiggy Yeah that seemed a bit off for me. That and his Intro + Outro take nearly the whole video. But maybe hes a band mate or something. Dunno.
"Apparently, hogging all the power positions for themselves just isn't enough to keep women from ruining the Church. What a huge BAWWW fest. Men are marginalized in the Catholic Church? You gotta be kidding me with this guy."
"That's definite proof if I've ever seen it. It's not a question of belief. Leading figures such as Pallin openly called for Julian Assange, a man convicted of no crime, to be hunted down and assassinated. Pallin's campaign team created a map, with Democratic controlled areas marked in the crosshairs of a shotgun...Giffords, was one of the Democrats who Pallin marked with the crosshairs..."
"""kids will be kids"" yeah sure ""My Child is a handful!"" Why do parents always seem to say this with a smirk on their face? Today I overheard a group of mombies attempting to one-up each other by describing the various crap their spawn had done. Mombie 1: ""My child is such a handful, he drew pictures in red crayon all over the wall! (laughs) Mombie 2: ""Oh that's nothing, the other day my child jumped off the sofa and knocked over the fish tank!"" (laughs louder) First of all, its not funny at all that your precious sneuxflake manged to hurt another living thing (Those poor fish!), Second; Why do they compete with each other for the label of having the worst-behaved brat?"
"Damn, dude threw like 4 kicks and is already out of breath. IG Post: Jones training kicks. Winkeljohn, ""Fuck everybody, win the fight. Be a Legend."""
"Reality has a liberal bias How is a medical journal in any way a ""leftist"" publication? Because it has scientific backing? If the far right really have a shit about people and babies, they would be at the border welcoming in immigrants, not demonizing rape victims."
Unfortunately for some unknown reason the cargo ship containing all the new IPV4's lit on fire and sank... Investigators are still looking for the cause. I wish P4U would officially announce the shipment containing my IPV4
"295 average penetration for standard ammo, I see nothing wrong here 24 premium rounds. This guy."
She had God watching over her! I think we're missing a larger point here. How do you hit someone fifteen times with an axe and NOT kill them?
"Sorry, it's pretty well accepted that fit shaming never happens. Friend who's losing weight told me about it. Another friend also came here after she told me how fat people were starting to call her skinny and unhealthy for no reason."
"You mean you aren't impressed by the Gmail app? The built in YouTube app is made by Apple, but it was in partnership with Google. YouTube re-encoded all(most) their videos just for the iPhone. There was a huge effort on YouTube's end for the current app in iOS. As long as Apple is making the Apple, Google will not. It would duplicate functionality. YouTube does have a mobile site, but it sucks. So far I haven't been impressed by any Google software on iOS."
"Obviously, those bars were placed so close together to shame large cats and encourage thin cat privilege. #FatCatProblems"
"but but I gotta put that 26.2 sticker on my subaru or prius or on the yakima rack,so I can feel ever more like a smug bastard. Marathons are weird"
"Oh well, since you aren't watching I guess any show he tries to do now will flow. Much as I loved the show, he was a racist knob and I wouldn't watch him anymore."
"""Thanks for the help sympathetic camera friend!"" Jumping off a cliff into choppy water, WCGW?"
"Yeah, it's not like that's not textbook grooming or anything! Oh, he only repeatedly raped her several times. That's a relief."
"Totally explains their life expectancy. A Stone Age Subculture Takes Shape in the US... wannabe cavemen mimic their distant ancestors. They eat lots of meat, bathe in icy water and run around barefoot. Some researchers say people led healthier lives in pre-historic times"
"Why dont they give us the full list and allow us to choose first try? When Re-Rolling Weapon Talents in Slot 1 &amp; 2 Why Can't It Only Suggest Talents I Can Use ? Because its beyond infuriating to go for that 6th roll at 600 phoenix credits and like 30 weapon kits, only to get a choice of 3 skill talents all of which need electronics and you can't activate any of them. Completely fine with the 3rd one pulling from all talents, since those have no requirements. But why can't the game use a little logic and work out what you can and can't use in the first 2 slots ?"
"Yeah American tournaments like the D2l should be all games on US west too. I'm happy that a EU tournament finally favors EU team, it was goddamn time"
"It's supposed to be the Eiffel Tower of the East Meanwhile, the decision regarding the Torre's fate is still pending."
yea I'd have to feel like white got the short end of the stick in standard U and G were busy getting Emerge cards with B. Poor old W and R.
Yeah girls could never be good at CS someone was ringing for Kyler...thats what I think
It's just a symbol! So you'd have no problem with *public buildings* having swastikas waving in front of them?
"I dont believe in global warming Sydney, Australia has just equalled the hottest day on record at 45.3C (113.5F) - and it is only 3pm"
"but how do we know the public version isn't pre-rendered It's a good thing that they make it playable to backers constantly (and open it up to everyone to test occasionally as well), so we don't have to rely on just trailers :)"
"Females can't rape, no matter the species. I hear he got raped by that female, CGI bear."
"It depends on the dream, sometimes it twitches too. Orcas are never still in the wild. They even move when they sleep. Does your cat move when it sleeps?"
"Yeah so Riot can have even more influence on this subreddit. Linking League Account to Reddit Account Hi, Wouldn't it be cool if we could link our league account to our Reddit account. It doesn't have to show your in game name just your rank. For example next to your favorite champion/team flair, their will be an icon showing your current division. For once we can see the actual/real Reddit user rank Just a thought would like to see what you guys think :)"
Thats totally likely Unless enough people wrote in other answers.........dun dun dunnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn
"Drop archer at town hall, hope for no teslas. TH8"
"well hey, in their defense if we forget the past ever happened it cant hurt us and will *never* happen again. Virginia schools ban 'To Kill a Mockingbird,' 'Huckleberry Finn' for racial slurs"
"Oh, thank fuck, let me call off the pitchfork mob real quick. I would like to clarify that I am not a Bronie, I just can appreciate a cute Epona reference."
I thought he does that already? How about some full auto shooting?
"Well her win rate go's up by 1 percent in master league so just get better noobs 3000 games in, Chromie still has a 30% win rate - what is her problem? On HotsLogs, there's been over 3000 games registered as Chromie, yet her win rate hasn't budged from the low thirties. I think we have to address her weaknesses - and how Blizz should, and will eventually deal with them. Of course, you can agree and disagree and put your own thoughts below! This are just my opinions, but I'd like to know the ones from you guys. 1. No mobility - This is a flaw, albeit an intentional one. After so many high mobility heroes I'm honestly happy Blizz put their foot down on this one. Plus, smart Time Traps can counter it. This raises her skill floor, and I don't feel it's actually the issue. 2. Low HP - EXTREMELY low HP. I don't get why Blizz decided to make the no mobility mage the one with the least HP, but she feels even more bursty than Li-Ming. Maybe to counter her high-damage? Well, tough luck, because... 3. Good luck hitting anything with her - This, I feel, is the biggest issue, and the one they should actually fix. The windup time on the Q is brutal, and the Sand Blast is not a particularly fast projectile either - the only time you can ever hit something is playing against a bad player, or if there's a very clumped up teamfight. The W natural cooldown is brutal and there's still some time before it hits, meaning again, it'll only really hit during large teamfights people can't make the choice to move. Even if you talent to lower the cooldown, a miss is basically no damage for anybody. Testing on Try Mode - the windup time on her Q is a bit over half a second, which is a LOT for not being able to re-aim or at least cancel it, and it takes more time for the first wave of damage to come from her W than it takes for the first wave of damage from Blizzard, a skill some people already feel can be hard to hit. See my point? People are just not being able to hit her high damage skills - and looking through some recent matches others have had with her and her damage numbers, I'm guessing that's being more impactful on her low win rate than her low HP. Do you feel differently?"
They should use the planter tubs in the shopping mall? What if they want to be a part of civilization :(
"Maybe if the USA gives them more money they will like Christians more? Saudi detains dozens for ""plotting to celebrate Christmas"""
"Wouldnt be a good Idea, since Gamers dont go outside Take codes shove in old whine bottle then cork it and toss it in the ocean"
"it is too late for establishment recording artists Jennifer Lopez Samples Hillary Clinton's ""Women's Rights Are Human Rights"" Speech in Her ""Ain't Your Mama"" Video"
Nah bro your just aren't #feelinthebern hard enough bro! We will solve all our problems if we just elect the right President.
"Psychopathic fathers make for interesting lives (and therapy sessions), I find. Wooooow"
"Hm...21/4 balloons, 17/4 princes...19/4 giant skeleton...I wonder why anyone would donate epics? Why would anyone donate epics? It will always be a loss for people to donate epics unless they open epic chests regularly. And in my opinion getting epics to tournament standard is harder than getting legendary. Also they are so rare in shops. Are supercell planning on reducing their rarity in chests too? Otherwise i cant see people donating me 4 epics every week."
"Worst fate known to man, amirite? You're turning into a woman!"
That O looks like an I Work on the P looks like an E. Ither than that good job
"That fight was setup just like the Pettis fight in WEC where they staged ""the kick"" I loved Thatch when he came on the scene and was really hoping for big things from him but when he was against Benson and everyone was counting Benson out, I was like, ""Wtf? Benson is a former champion and Thatch is unranked, this isn't as clear cut as that."""
"To my knowledge, literally no one [not even in my dreams] Who was the last person who had a crush on you?"
But let's ban Kratom. TIL: in 2015 more Americans died of prescription opiate overdoses than were murdered or died in traffic accidents.
"Because obviously racism will go away if we pretend it never existed, and we're getting really impatient with all the black people who still haven't figured that out! I just don't get why black history month offends redditors so much."
Yeah bashing WWE direction and producing usually is met with fierce resistance here... especially when it comes to the commentators Always a risk on this sub
Apple is great. Apple great?
"As long as you never want to use IKEv2, the UTM is great! However, tried the Sophos XG UTM the other day. Haaaaaate iiiiitt."
"But non free float barrels can't be that accurate Girlfriends 10 shot 600 yard group at the CMP Range in Talladega, AL (video in comments)."
"Yeah you can't just say Meek won he's the Guardian of L's I mean, everything he says is pretty on point, but it's a fucking Instagram post. He's a rapper! Why wouldn't he take those words and put them in a god damn song where he's yelling with one of the amazing beats he's always rapping on? It makes no god damn sense."
"yeah, I totally didn't know what he was talking about until your comment. Cel-Shaded*"
"Damn you and your ""making sense of things"" kind of thinking I used to feel the same way. Being the oldest, I always had to ""figure it out"": how to buy a car, get a job, buy the new video game console. But my brothers usually got the same given to them. I used to resent the hell out of it. But you know what? In the end, I decided I'm happy about it. My parents were more financially secure by the time my brothers reached that age. The cars they got were safer and more reliable than mine. They didn't have to be the weird kid that worked two jobs in high school because he's *poor*. I'm genuinely happy that they had it better than me. About a year ago, my mom was talking to me about all of this. She felt terrible about the unfairness. But I don't think it was very unfair. Life isn't particularly fair to begin with. In the end, my brothers had it better than me. And I'm honestly okay with that."
I can tell you know a lot about the current stage of VR More like the gimmick of gaming
Has anyone suggested maybe it was him? Unsolved mysteries
"He's gonna give that one guy that punched out the protestor a ban full of weapons, another full of ammo, and total immunity. Sooo this is your plan to fight immigration...?"
"Trying to hide his obvious gyno. We've had weight cutting, height cutting, and now Jose takes it to a new level with chest cutting."
im no programmer but im sure he trying to hack me Is that C++?
"Because they use no spread Why does it look like pro players don't have any recoil? I am watching some pro montages, and I am noticing that even when they spray, then hit almost every shot. Also, does having a different crosshair make it easier to control the recoil?"
"I have 4 showdown collectables, will that be enough for the set? and showdown kuechly only requires 75 collectibles"
Actually the Ohio ones are pretty cool. Does it much matter what state they hail from?
"My headmates disagree Well, we can't have someone disagreeing with us now can we?"
Title of this post What is something that cannot be improve anymore? I.e It has reach its peak
"The finest that society has to offer, of course! Who are these people!??! I fucking love this subreddit"
"Yeah at least put a trigger warning for this lame pun, I'm half Mexican and this is putting me into shock I think is has to do with this showing up in front page and not actually having to ""come to r/jokes"""
Complaint posts aren't the highlights? Is there a sub that's just Hearthstone highlights? I just want to see hearthstone highlights without having to see all the complain posts.
"So if I live to be 100 and don't ever buy insurance, the fine will be 100%? its 1% the first year, but it also grows an additional 1% per year."
"Yeah, there was only six feet between them, positively claustrophobic lady... *You need to get away from me, I don't feel safe.* To me, it honestly looked like the cops were standing there for her own protection. One did mention she was in the line of fire but that didn't make her feel unsafe."
"I'd much rather have the racist, misogynistic, xenophobic, nativist authoritarian who is also a criminal! Great news, let's hope the Clinton crime family don't get their hands on the highest office in the World again."
"Because bigger numbers are obviously better I don't understand, your monitor can't refresh more than 144 frames in 1 second anyways, why would you need more fps than that?"
Damn White Knights. Typical Facebook trash
"Yeah, like the French and the English. Potato, Po-tah-to..."
"The 30 FPS smoothness of the Xbone... Few have lived to achieve such graphical fidelity. If only this peasant knew, if only he knew..."
fuision sure is good **So** ***THIS*** **is what Homepun thinks of Fuision!**
You mean to tell me that this didn't really happen? Did any body notice this in S02E10?
"Its okay, ISIS will reunify the region and bring peace TIL Murder rates of women in Turkey have gone up 1400% since the current ruling party, Justice and Development Party came into power."
"Yes, I'll be sure to base the entirety of my opinions on unions from an anecdotal story of some guys grandpa in a Reddit comment on a page about stadiums. Not an answer to the question, but an interesting related story. In the mid 70's, Detroit was looking to build a new football and/or baseball stadium. After looking at multiple designs, they decided to build a one of a kind stadium that would be the home of all 4 major sports teams (football, baseball, basketball, and hockey). The stadium was to be financed by the City, by issuing bonds (borrowing the money). My grandfather was the comptroller general of Detroit at the time, so the bonds were issued and he went to New York to sell them on the bond market. At the last minute, he was stopped by a legal challenge, that said the printing on the official announcement of the bond issuance was too small. He of course was like, wtf?, printing too small? The bonds had already issued so had to be sold immediately or they would be come ""stale"" (and un-sellable) so the case was fast tracked to the MI supreme court, which sure enough held that the printing was too small. The bond sale was cancelled and the stadium was never built. My grandfather immediately tried to figure what happened and eventually go to the bottom of it. The MI supreme court had a majority of democrats and it was this majority that killed the bond sale. And everyone knows the democratic party is the party of unions, which at this time where still very powerful in Michigan. Apparently, the unions of Detroit were afraid this stadium would be a financial failure, leaving the city with a bunch of debt. The city would then have to raise taxes to pay it off, and the unions didn't want to pay more taxes. So they found a technicality and killed the deal. The lesson here being if you don't like taxes and don't want the government wasting your money, then unions are your friend, not your enemy. (and to sort of answer your question, they don't build their own stadiums because they control the government, because we've undermined the most effective voice of the middle class) tl;dr Detroit tried to borrow money to build stadium, unions killed it because they didn't want to pay higher taxes"
Well...Uh...Are you stupid or something? Oh yea? That's common knowledge huh?
It's Shanahan's response to how fat Kessel is Interesting that the strength and conditioning coach was let go. This shows that Shanahan recognizes that it would be far more beneficial for a team to offer a fantastic in-house program versus having guys go out and find their own program in the summer. Perhaps the Leafs will want to throw several large money bags and Gary Roberts and see if he'd be interested? Please!
Jails cost more than coffins Maybe we should jail them instead? Or ban them from entering a football match in Serbia?
I bet you really with that Flying Graysons show got picked up right? I'd rather see him with a series like Arrow.
Yeah we don't want him our pride is too important... Fucking Taking scraps from other teams eh? Classic mavs
Those females are inherently wicked! Which gender is wrong?
"Cuff 'em, boys. My left hand, no matter how hard I try, is a clumsy 2nd grader."
Someone with no sense of humor obviously. Seriously who tagged my post :(
"No silly, only men can be pedophiles! If the boy is charged the girl should be charged too for manufacturing and distributing child porn. The law is stupid but should be applied equally."
"nice post DELTA PR GUY! My flight is delayed, so the Delta staff brought us all hot pizza and soda."
"Quit persecuting us! Talking to Mormons is a minefield! I mean, either the whole world is lying maliciously or you're wrong. There isn't any winning. Examples from the last big family visits: I was downstairs and heard some pretty heated yelling coming from husband and his brother. I come upstairs to hear some direct quotes from the polygamy essay coming from TBM brother-in-law, and think ""shoot, they've gotten into it."" But my husband, who hasn't read the essays (and is as ""out"" as can be) didn't catch it. He thought they were talking about how their parents had wayyy too large an age gap to be socially acceptable (his mom was 13 when she decided to marry his dad, who was 17-18). So he was pulling up all kinds of statistics to support his theory and his brother was just getting angrier and angrier. Husband couldn't figure it out. I had to explain to him later that the quotes from the essays (among other comments) meant his brother was arguing about something else... like a certain pedo prophet. You see, if his brother didn't manage to prove that marrying a girl ""several months before her 15th birthday"" was culturally normal, he would have to reevaluate his beliefs. And he's in too deep for that. It happened again this morning, where I stepped into a minefield and had to think ""wait, are we talking about the construction of the pyramids or about whether the Egyptologists are a valid source of information? Because I thought I was talking about the pyramids and you seem to think I'm attacking your scripture"" This happens a lot. Like, we have a seemingly innocuous conversation-maybe even one where everyone pretty well agrees, and suddenly I don't know what happened, but the LDS people in the group are freakin out because somehow their beliefs have been wounded. Do you guys have this experience? Are there times you've said something and realized you were ""attacking"" someone's religion entirely by accident? Is the trick here to just never have real conversations with Mormons?"
"Because the answer oftentimes boil down to ""I was indoctrinated and brain washed from birth."" Give one legitimate reason why that's a stupid question."
"Wouldn't want to offend all those people on death row, they already suffered so much. I feel that being banned from most of the professional CS:GO is not comparable to death sentence. In my opinion comparison is in bad taste."
That's really healthy _telling_ your loved one to do something for you instead of asking like a normal adult. my wife is a keeper
Just another example of Big Brother giving unfair advantages to certain HGs. I feel like making a black guy find fried chicken and grape soda to win a game was poor planning.
But I love Riot Games and League of Legends! I feel like Riot was sitting on this so they could drop it after a massive PR fuckup. The timing is definitely suspect. Watch this announcement overshadow Mark Merril's atrocious comments. As a fanbase we need to focus on the important issues and not get blinded by Yorick-hype.
"TIL liberals are really just trying to lull the establishment into a false sense of security This liberal tripe from Facebook says, ""police want you to be violent so they have a justification for militarisation, so don't be violent""."
"But he kissed the badge, it's all going to be OK Can people not criticize players? This is really the first time were hearing that its been an on going problem for the last 4 months. I love this player to death but the amount of mixed signals were getting from him gives us the right to questions things."
"yeah that attitude will definitely help west and east ukraine find common ground that will lead to peace and stability If we have to kill reporters or innocent people it is not such a big deal. There is no line when it comes to protecting your own people and sovereignty. Anybody who speaks a word of Russian should not be trusted, any of them could be a Kremlin goon."
Guess no one ever told them about the titan Z GTX 970 Most popular GPU
I'm sure this will work out just fine. Belgium ends cannabis decriminalization. New right wing government starts a War on Drugs.
so suicide by gun is not a gun-related death then? That's counting suicide
You forgot this Let me cut to the chase. You're hot.
"Its a little known fact that if you are depressed even once in your life, you are never allowed to be seen happy in public ever again..... Trent ""I hurt myself today"" Reznor..."
"Yeah, give me that fun back. It wasn't OP because it could summon non guild mates. It was removed because it let you skip shit you aren't supposed to skip. People were literally having rogues stealth pass bosses in raids/dungeons and summoning the entire group to the one they wanted to kill past all the other stuff."
"Well, I'd like to meet the wife before I decide how I feel about this. Man befriends teen on Facebook, asks her to run away with him and tells her of his plan to kill his wife. Of course the teen is a fake, but it wasn't a cop, it was the wife."
Is there any chance of getting the torrent link of the software? I think you guys don't understand what he means. Let me try to explain. My dad told me about a German piece of software that they use for figuring out who to pass the ball to. Basically before they used this software they held the ball for like .75 seconds before passing the ball. Now it's down to something like .33 or some crazy shit. What it does is there is a camera that is fixated on a single player. They do this for every single player and they break down where he performed well and where he made mistakes. But most importantly they show him the passing lanes that he missed. They work on exploiting these lanes in practice. I think this is what Neymar is talking about. Brazil needs to get with the program and start using more modern methods. This is 2014. What won the world cup in 2002 will not work anymore. They won with pure impressive talent. Now there is far more parity. They will need to work smarter not harder.
You're right.. String him from a tree of average height! Seems kinda barbaric
"We are FORMULA ONE Toronto sports fans, I'd like to think we are a little bit more sophisticated than the dudes who have been swinging the same wooden stick at the same leather ball since 1839 hahah. Be careful, Toronto sports fans like the throw beer when they are not happy, even if it it happens to hit a few kids in the face."
"have you tried taking a ice bath for 25 minutes i heard it burns 2000 calories Just more proof that being thin and fit is *genetic*! Even a homeless shitlord with good genes can easily stay fit, while tumblrinas (i.e. the *true* victims in the world) get stuck with shitty genetics and can't lose weight even if they exercise 25 hours a day and eat negative calories!"
"Oh gee.. the lack of exclusive fullscreen aka forced vsync- inability to use third party application overlays like MSI Afterburner/FRAPS etc Gee.. I'm in shock! Windows 10 below expectations of Microsoft; ""Windows Store is a giant disaster"", 98% of Rise of the Tomb Raider (PC) were bought on Steam"
"Yes, we voted for Trump to bomb MORE countries Hate to break it to you buddy but a majority of trumps supporters would probably like to turn your country into a crater."
"Haha, yeah, because taking a pill which for some people can cause depression (so they are against taking it) is comparable to a vaccination! Yeah dude, don't get your kids vaccinated either."
"Why, with tax breaks of course! yet they don't get raked over the coals on how they plan to pay for military expansion"
At least he doesn't have to deal with Obamacare Also he has been suffering a bad shoulder pain for about a year that his doc can't properly diagnose without a CAT/MRI/X-ray etc. But he can't go to hospital to get the scan done.
"Because Detroit's treasury is just overflowing, and they had to think of something to throw taxpayer money at. Detroit makes community college free - Starting this year, any graduating high school senior who is accepted to one of Detroit's five community colleges won't have to pay a dime for tuition"
"Except better accuracy than a jumbo on an arty, massive engine and different firing arcs and range for different shell types, theyre fairly equal. i have both sexton's, have yet to see the difference.....usa isn't better imo at this time....have yet to play both more....but with zero skills(100% tank mastered) crew i have not seen/notice anything different"
"This coming from a wise all knowing telepathic reddit user. The old dog should walk in order to exercise a little, it will be better for his health than to be pushed on a wheelchair."
We'll have time to pay off our debts after we Make America Great Again Deficit Hawks May Not Be Part of Donald Trump's Washington
Lelixir Hollector Lavahound
"Possibly not, but as we all know *all asian people look the same*. Holy Shit is that Hiro Nakamura in the back on the right?"
"No, no one is allowed to use other people's arguments ever on this website ;) Can i use that so people actually understand what im trying to tell?"
Idk man i imagine there would be a huge uproar if there were evidence turkey was supplying islamic terrorists Erm... then the jihadists in Dagestan and Chechnya will get some nice Turkish gear.
Did you know Jimmy Graham used to play basketball? That would be unheard of. A former basketball player playing football? Unthinkable!
You deserve a raise for all your hard work The pay is *good*.
"How dare them continue to put out content! WOW, still raping fans for their money in March huh? Smh"
"Oh, is that how you upgrade USB to firewire? Burn down the cable room, that'll teach 'em."
Where are the men? HAES Invading My Facebook
"Yeah, but you know, calling racists racist hurt their feelings and that's how Trump got elected. It's not just ""perceived"" when you're endorsed by David Duke and alt-right movements are saying ""Heil Trump"" at their rallies"
"Yeah, damn those *biased judges* and their *agenda*! Yes, but in a democratic way, not through an activist supreme court."
"Yeah, because there are definitive sources for the anatomy of *made-up* creatures that all agree on this. My problem with the Hobbit films is that Smaug is not a dragon but a Wyvern."
Yeah there's been no outrage about the Clinton Foundation. But why was hat never a problem with the Clinton foundation? I can't remember seeing any outrage here.
"Good thing they took a 20-30k pay cut for all that training and mentorship. It's probably a lab-specific thing. The lab I was at before this one, my PI hired an older postdoc to do crystallography for multiple projects because he had never done crystallography before and didn't want to collaborate with the crystallography group in our department because reasons. After the structures were obtained and the postdoc trained a few grad students to my PI's satisfaction, she was let go."
"Except they should want to eat Americans because we're all fatasses I would guess the same reason most shark attack victims die from bleeding out once bitten a few times and not being consumed. Seals and sea lions are very fat rich animals, and an animal whose diet would consist of fatty animals might consider our lack thereof distasteful."
"But I like the show! Either way, if it's a tattoo, cover that in an interview; if it's an actual armband, take it the fuck off!"
Toe porn is an OSHA requirement? I think that's an OSHA requirement.
Secret Agent Koscielny ensuring he doesn't get taken away by RM or Barca. Joel Ward makes it 1-1 vs Arsenal
"Youtube comment This rapper sucks, i couldnt give 2 fucks, bout his age, he probly plays with tonka trucks I'd like to see any of these people write a single line that flows to a beat."
"Visit quickquid for fast easy money you can pay back on the same day Any payday loan company, they prey on the weak and vulnerable, putting them into a constant whirpool of debt thats imposible to get out of."
"source here - story checks out. You should use sources instead of just saying ""Muslim here."""
"Right, we should just skip the peaceful civil disobedience and move straight to burning shit I'm going to get called names because of what I'm about to say. I think this rally is going to have as much of an effect on public policy in our city as occupy Philly, none. What's the point? A bunch of people who think the same things get together and jerk each other off while no one who thinks differently listens. I know I'm being cynical but seriously who is this rally going to influence?"
Because people that lightning your de storage will 100% your base And then they steal everything along with it. Horrible idea
"Yeah because Greece is historically a coward ally... Could you imagine the ally that invokes that clause? It would be ostracized from the NATO community. POTUS: Hawaii has been nuked. 80% of the population has been killed or injured. I am asking Congress to approve a Declaration of War against Country X and requesting that our NATO allies uphold our treaty. SPAIN: Absolutely! ITALY: I'm here for you! FRANCE: Just say when! GREECE: I don't want to be *that* guy, but..."
"But men can't be assaulted in the patriarch, you shitlord. My ex girlfriend attacked me today."
"Implying bitch is a gender specific term ; die cis scum Derogatory terms for women, so funny right now"
no because because Meek owns all the L's Norm and teh 6 god said so Anything Meek does nowadays is sad according to these guys.
"I'd rock a women are built for rape shirt Agreed but make it not 100% geeky. I know woody has some stuff on his ship referencing pka but 1 shop where you could get some merch. Have a variety like basic (logo only), medium (funny sayings or ideas), and nerdy (bunch of wings quotes)"
"nice that you read my question and answered it tl;dr you really have no idea how they test things at riot, you're just assuming."
Why does no one want a sign and trade for our DPOY boozer Washington and Houston have agreed to a sign-and-trade for Trevor Ariza. Wizards get $8.5M trade exception.
Stolen valor! Let me put it this way: those sailors you see walking the street in uniform do not serve in the armed services. It sadly took me a bit to realize that when I was working at Morton Plant.
i one tap mid every time i buy a deagle... yesterday i got a lucky headshot... awaiting VACation :/ I like doing this just in case it might happen...and it did.
"you wouldn't understand, normie Who the fuck experiences ""downvote regret""?"
"Can't have the riff-raff hanging around, spoiling the view. Point of no return for one of the city's most historic spots"
Well that sure adds a lot to the discussion. Unless you read the case law this is a tiny part of the story.
"this is almost as bad as the time I found out my favorite artist listens to a band I dont like :,( ""He plays a game I don't like. Fuck him!"" Lol grow up."
"They've actually been *really* on point as of late. OMG, it was on Lation review? That must be true."
I love that Limp Bizkit song! No one knows what it's like To be the bad man To be the sad man Behind blue eyes
My legs tensed up Ever wondered what Pyro would look like with every cosmetic equipped? Meet your worst nightmare!
"GENIUS! but we could just make a coin worth $850,000,000,000,000,000"
"What's a front loaded contract? This is what I'm hoping for but I'm not holding my breath. I'm really not too sure what to expect but Reggie is doing an awesome job by front loading contracts. We could theoretically front load contracts forever and keep a ton of our talent. I think we have our starters locked up for a while so we mainly just need depth players that shouldn't eat up much cap, plus the cap goes up every year. I'm just going to focus on the present because everything looks good right now."
"Stop being a misogynist, racist Berniebro. Oh man. Who the fuck wants a corrupt ass president like this?"
"It's the first track on the mindsweep Yeah I feel lame for not liking it. I didn't like Red Shift either, but that one grew on me. I'm not sure what the appeal is tbh"
"Try growing up in Somalia. Don't talk shit and you won't have a problem. If you don't bother anyone, then they won't bother you (most the time). Try living in the ghettoes for all your life and come back to me."
"""Criss-cross applesauce"" you racist dick! *sits indian style waiting for the deetz*"
whatever roosterteeth I wish there was a real life stat keeper so I can see how many times I've pooped in my life time and compare it with friends.
"I thought he sounded like a completely personable individual. Haha I felt the same! How about he stops being a total dick, then maybe he'll have a better chance :p"
"Whoa, chill on the racism, bro ""No one likes us, No one likes us! No one likes us, we don't care! We are Sounders, Mighty Sounders, We are Sounders, from Brougham End!"""
Money. What is the one trait that all successful people seem to have?
TIL the JavaScript Equality Table is Turing complete by itself. Can you run this through 100 generations of Conways?
"Yeah, but she's a delicate flower and smoking hot Mother who beat her three-year-old son to death is living in a luxury jail cell with ensuite shower and her own KEY. Whilst men are locked in a cell for 23 hours a day."
"tfw means the fuck within, people use it as the fuck within my ass. What does tfw mean?"
"LPT: always tell your electronics the truth LPT: If you're on a simple tv (without a surround sound system), setup your audio to 2.0. This way music and voices will have an equal volume."
Silver scub lol How to get outplayed by a much better player
"Yes because there are infinite people in the middle east This will never stop. Europe is a better place to live than anywhere in middle east or North Africa, and as long as Europe keeps its door open, and people are mobile, they will keep coming."
"I agree, I think they have no offense .... Stafford just had a 32 td /13 int season. He's had a 41 td / 16 int, 5,000+ yard season. Dude's not bad, just plays for a hapless franchise. I mean, no offense and all..."
Am I gay. If you could ask your future self one question what would it be?
"Its even more dangerous with AMD On the one hand, it keeps it warm. On the other, if I lost my computer, inflatable butt plug, 3 foot horse dildo, and my dog shaped fleshlight all at once, I'd probably just go kill myself."
"Yeah, circlejerk comments should always be at the top. The fact that people acknowledging that stellar title are at the bottom of this thread infuriates me."
"yeah man, fuck manners, if you have to have manners around your friends they aren't your friends and my point is, just smoke and have a good time dont worry about stupid etiquette."
"De 'ouderen' over ons kennen ook de bruine kroeg nog, die nu helemaal uit het straatbeeld verdwenen is 'Het aantal hippe koffietenten in Amsterdam groeit gestaag.' Ik moest echt twee keer naar de datum van het artikel kijken. Dat het niet in 2009 geschreven was of zo."
Wait for the cloak of night and pull it off that persons car. Nice Spoiler. How do I get one?
I guess I forgot a no... no its not
"Optocoupler is a nice touch, it'll prevent damage to the phone's circuitry if something goes wrong the black chip on the left ( 4n35 ) is a optocoupler, a digital ""switch"". My guess is: connected to the ringer, vibration motor, or backlight of the LCD, e.g. something that turns on when some calls / texts. This is connected to the mosfet/transistor below the white relay. This in turn switches the relay. (mechanical switch, white thing in the middle) and this completes the detonator circuit. It is a relatively low voltage relay (5v rated) and can probably be switched with the voltage from the cellphone battery. The switchs is probably added as a means to not blow up while connecting the device to the IED. Relay is probably sourced from some old (landline-phone)hardware that was laying around. It's quite ""expensive"" (1$) for a single use relay It is pretty easy to test before ""field use"" connect it up to the phone, put some multimeter in diode/continuity test and call the phone. If the multimeter beeps, the relay switched."
"sorry I didn't meet your strict qs % to the nose, mine as well delete the thread and never trade again Then 20 key under market isnt firesale."
"Yeah, ass cancer is a joy compared to that. nothing worse than looking around with a mouth full of burger when people are praying..."
But then you wont have that sick Windows brand USB stick. And yet it would be a bit cheaper just to buy 7 or 8.1 then do the free upgrade.
"We have a black president, ergo all racism is over De facto segregation has never fully ended, and in some facets it has reversed (for the worse) since the civil rights era."
"Without midrats or a galley it's definitely not a ship, aye. I'd call it a barge with a DP (dynamic positioning system). It's missing many vital features of a ship, such as main engines, science party bunks directly behind the main engines (thus over the screw shafts), and of course midrats, the most important meal of the day."
1 day or gtfo What do you consider fresh? How fresh does an IPA need to be for you?
This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion I've read the book. It's about a guy who gets stuck on Mars.
"FreeShop doesn't cost them much money in the first place, only bandwidth Yes, Nintendo could easily fight any of these things. However, the titlekey site on its' own, and Decrypt9 do not cost them nearly as much money as freeShop does. I wouldn't be surprised if CIAngel or other alternative is next."
"South is such a paradise Honestly, the country would be so much more peaceful if it became North and South India as two separate countries. No more raping migrant workers, hindi being shoved down throats and vast swathes of rural shit holes that bog the south down economically."
"Nope, white cops are always racist. I'm a bit baffled by this one myself. So it would have been racist if he had arrested a guy who was sitting in his car smoking dope in front of a stranger's house, just because he was black? Is the only way white cops can prove they're not racist to not enforce the law on African Americans?"
"how dare women have their own preferences and choices! Friend-zoning. Dear god, ""friend-zoning"" is a fake problem that I don't care about if ever there was one."
Yeah and I was bullied for having too big a dick Being too good looking
"Yes, and Illuminati No argument here. Completely agree, but she has just enough of everything to make it"
"""surprisingly"" Joss I know you're the biggest Marty fan out there Oh my O.O........I am.....surprisingly ok with this."
"What's their motivation to rework a corporate culture that's obviously working? More like, the only reason this is news that wont result in any trouble is because it's Goldman Sachs"
"They also murdered gay people for thousands of years, so that tradition obviously has a good track record on LGB issues. Theology of feels. Disgusting. Nobody has interpreted the Bible that way for three thousand years, and these people are acting like they are the only smart ones and all the Church Fathers, all the great theologians and thinkers, are simply ignorant bigots. Guess what. Christianity doesn't stem from the Bible. The Bible stems from Christianity, specifically early Church Tradition. Find me a single evidence of priests performing gay marriages at the time."
"Ya so cringey... Y'all are either not self-aware enough or lying. I want real cringe. I was once at a cinema with a girl. Early on, I managed to lodge my arm behind her in a weird ""we're on a date and I'm supposed to have my arm around you"" way. About half an hour into the movie, she said ""You know, you can move the arm if it's not comfortable"" I said ""Nope, it's fine"" and kept it there 'till we left. We both knew it wasn't comfortable, but in my mind, moving it would mean admitting failure."
Good argument... It is now clear that democrats are the best... Are you seriously saying these words?! Good God.
"How can you sample if you're just a rapper? How can I sample alt rock like Gambino used to do? (I Am Just A Rapper) I love the way Bino has the samples on his old mixtape I Am Just A Rapper, how would I create something like that? Specifically New Prince. Thanks :)"
"Ya because USA healthcare is A++ Governments rarely ""skimp"" on anything. :-)"
Well its nice to know he really is deeply involved in his job Barack Obama Tweet About W3
"No and No, I haven't bathed in 2 weeks anticipating tonight Could not agree more, this is a must for any situation. Also clean underwear."
"Fuck you dude Because I don't hate policemen, I am indifferent when it comes to homosexuality, I am a republican that is against abortion, and I am indifferent with legalizing marijuana. And it is very hard to have intelligent conversation with someone on reddit when you aren't a gamer that is obsessed with bernie sanders. The hateful replies are hard to ignore sometimes. Side note I am very open to reading opinions on all subjects and respect everyone's personal opinions...I just can't believe how fueled people get if you think or feel differently than they do about a topic."
"Yea i know, perhaps I should have added a Chicago is not a small market."
Their accuracy compared to automatic movements is so annoying! There are exactly 0 things wrong with quartz watches.
"And we should never change the constitution Maybe it should, but the Constitution specifically says it doesn't."
**Caleb Porter** for not putting in Adi because they would have destroyed us with him in the lineup. MOTM vs Portland You know the drill folks!
"""then fuck me"" nice try bud Pretty sure that's a troll, but if not then fuck me lmfao."
Radio shack? we also have a battery store.
"Clearly Trump is trying to protect us all from feeling ashamed about how dumb we all are if we see his awesome taxes and how genius he *really* is... Both Giuliani and Christie are using the word ""genius"" to describe Trump. If that's true, why wouldn't Trump release more tax returns so he could show us more of his genius."
Sportsmen are real men. Cecil the lion was skinned and his head removed. Hwange - A well-known and much-photographed black-maned lion affectionately named Cecil was killed by sport hunters just outside Hwange in Zimbabwe last week.
"I'm sure this guy is a huge fan of Atheists too I mean, there are Atheist Jews. But being an anti-Israeli Zionist is a paradox."
"A gameplay element like pulse being broken isnt an issue for you?...ok, sure... guess you're right How so? I've experience a few more lag issues, and Pulse not working quite as intended in the Underground. What are the issues that make it ""broken as hell"" for you?"
Filthy casual Meh. Play to have fun.... but at least try ;)
"I actually main him, he's best jungle I bet you play Loki"
shut up mayonnaise Hope yall are having a great day. :)
"Oh noes it's a house of cards we better repeal the whole thing. Insurer Admits Nearly 1,000 Doctors Wrongly Placed On Covered California Provider List To Boost Numbers During Open Enrollment Period"
"What's wrong with my recap thread, you piece of shit? Can this be fixed?"
"Yeah but is rich so none of that matters, unless he gives all of it away he is Hitler He got accepted to Yale law school at 15. Celebrity or not that's pretty dam impressive."
"Shhh....I don't blame you for what you said....that is just the fempire talking Another victory for men's rights (to take upskirt shots of random women without repercussion). I hope that guy defending the court's ""end all be all"" decision doesn't have a problem with how courts decide in custody/divorce cases. It would be awfully hypocritical to say ""the law is the law"" except for when you don't like the law."
"The Remington has a scary military style bipod and scope, and *surely* you wouldn't need a bipod or a scope while hunting. A semi auto shotgun with wood furniture had fewer people calling for a ban than a pump shotgun with black plastic furniture. A fucking bolt action rifle had more ""ban"" votes than lever actions and revolvers."
"The sheer amount of time they must have used thinking of such a clever statement must be overwhelming One of my friends has a bad habit of sharing things from ""Uncle Sam's Misguided Children"" and this is one I saw on the page......."
dats raycis WHITE LIVES MATTER!
Great tank mine kill Wait.. What?
That would require a massive balance change to shift the weight of the ship to slow proper viewing angles. No mentions on the horrible air ship camera angles? :(
"Yeah you're right, and what a fucking shill Casey is for liking a Samsung product! I think it's the Samsung Gear S2 he got while he was at SXSW."
"Hey, butterknives can be pretty scary If it was smash 4 Marth, he wouldn't even be able to reach you in fight 2 and 3"
"Fuckin terrorist Nah, i'm not american."
Seems like legit science. What Neanderthals sounded like. Not as intimidating as I had imagined.
Black people TIL that Wanetta Gibson recanted her accusations of rape (which put Brian Banks away in prison for 5 yrs) only AFTER winning a $1.5 million dollar lawsuit settlement from the Long Beach school district
"[Using the microwave, 90 secs is more than 50 secs or a minute and 20 secs] This was on Cartalk this past week. A son is doing a common household task, and ask his dad if 50 is enough, the dad says no. The son says, what about 120? The dad says, no, that's not enough either. Try 90. That should work. What's the kid doing?"
"PFF, what's wrong with the fun cards Yeah. I hope there is rotation, otherwise we will eventually get to the point where everyone is playing upheaval/psychatog (for example)"
"Just play a taunt, a heal or an AoE effect. So how am I supposed to ladder with any existing rogue deck?"
"Yea but, you're supposed to put it out. My first structure fire call!"
"I think a lot of people have iq's in that range mine is 132, but i guess he has five points on me so he knows better Simple but cringeworthy."
"OP, nerf pls! Val Browning with a BAR in the argonne offensive"
I think I forgot the this album has no variety at all
Clinton foundation. Holy shit what company
"Yeah sure, just change your metabolism. how to make caffeine effects slower How would I go about making caffeine slower. I mean is it possible to take the toxic amount but only be used slowly over a 12 hour period?"
"Obama should throw her ass in prison. Malia Obama Allegedly Smoking Pot Isn't a Big Deal, President Obama's Foot-Dragging on Marijuana Reform Is"
He just intentionally waited until strong initiations were used. Matumbaman seems to have a high ping. Someone should pause.
So... A button that people press accidentally 500x a day? The trick is making the two feel integrated. Like Hangouts and Hangouts dialer.
"Someone accomplishes something that is very cool and difficult, better be a dick to make myself feel better about all these n00bs I get stuck with. I think I broke Scarra's minion record on the same second."
"whoa... you're telling me that i can build something different without following instructions? pssssstttt.... Hey, lemme tell you a secret! You can *customize* this set into a better-looking one! You are not required to follow the instructions if you don't want to!"
Definitely an No fucking way is anoeta the easiest W of our lives..
Yeah it has nothing to do with not wanting to kill an innocent child Yup.
"Yeah, that's way worse than anything Trump has said or done I thought she immediately hired one of the key people behind the DNC primary corruption and called her a good friend? Fuck Hillary, but fuck the DNC more."
"It's like they are twins, separated at birth! Yeah, one is an elected official who began in poverty, became a civil rights activist who faced arrest to protest segregation, went on to serve over thirty years as a mayor, Representative and Senator, defying both parties to remain an Independent yet still besting the elections, has one of the highest approval ratings of any Senator in his state and has for his lifetime stood up for the poor and middle class against the most powerful political, corporate and financial forces in the country. The other is an entitled, wealthy businessman who got his start with a ""small"" million dollar loan from his father, formed several businesses that went bankrupt, shamelessly marketed his image, starred in a trashy reality show, developed a reputation for a misplaced ego and ill-conceived, off-the-cuff bluster and now is running the most racist and xenophobic campaign since George Wallace, bringing out the angriest, most deplorable part of the country in a show of hate rivaling the Nazi Party. I completely see the resemblance."
I can't tell if this is go ahead and have fun on that racist shithole of a site
Hey they have the biggest safe space in Reddit They think it bugs us lol
"Gee, can't believe this dumbass comment is at the top. why would he read it more than once if he hated it that much?"
"Yeah, because no two comedians could possibly coincidently think alike for a particular topic like race. Yeah, this is obviously a rip off"
"Abilities all together are broken, I just want to stand still and auto attack people until one team wins. Mundo, elise, jinx, shyvana, gragas, and tryndamere should all be nerfed more than since they are all broken. Lee's kick back is pretty broken too, lets nerf that. Also nerf karthus's ult and veigar's ult. Dont forget zed too because hes broke. Also yasuo is pretty strong right now too."
"Semi-automatic has automatic in the name so it's automatic, right? True. But it does clearly state automatic in the definition, though. But knowing anti gunners, they'd interpret that to mean what they want it to be, as they do with the 2nd amendment."
Definitely a farmable team HoH B3 Speed runs without any pesky Nat 5s
White power! Amazing Albino Animals (Album)
"Aren't downvotes for disagreement? why are people getting downvoted for answering the question? this sub, lol."
"Because hurr durr electric motors and electronics never ever give trouble. This right out of your ass. Tesla has not even been making cars for 10 years, how would you have any idea how reliable they are?"
"I bet your answer would have sounded smarter. Most of those answers read like they're from high schoolers trying to get the answer right on a pop quiz. ""Okay class - why were American citizens upset about the 2015 attacks in Paris?"" ""OH OH I KNOW THIS IT'S CUZ... ALLIES!"""
"ayyyye sorry I thought the dark moon worked as a de facto There have been commenters who have been legitimately harassed, but there are those who are reporting content to us for the most ridiculous reasons."
yep we even had more than 5 kills between all 22 of us that didnt log off after 10 mins so I've heard it was a fair fight and very well ogranized. \#sarcasm
You're supposed to spell out numbers under 20. Ellipses have three dots... Not 2...
"But converters don't matter! It's not just a PC. Who in there right mind would try to sell a computer for $11k? The computer alone is $3k if I remember correctly. Expensive, yes, but for a screaming, purpose built PC it sounds about right. The other $8k? Oh, that only gets you some of the best converters on the market...only slightly important."
Makes the Dark FG super easy! Don't know I should be happy or pissed
"oh no, cupcakes... I'm also gonna make cupcakes. I'm not asking, I'm just telling."
good luck with your old-content racist and genocidal meme. A subtle distinction
"And she's white, so it's WHITE shopkeeper privelege! Google ""shopkeeper privilege"". Some states will allow a shopkeeper to hold suspected shop lifters until police arrive."
Lottery winners NEVER have fucked-up lives after they hit it big! I think you'd be shocked to find out how many wealthy people are depressed. Money definitely helps you be happy but it's no guarantee
"You make a compelling argument, but I think it makes more sense that millions of people are willing to risk a 5 year prison sentence in order to add a single vote In most countries that maintain voters list there are large numbers of dead people listed. The reason is that once a person dies it's not usual that family members bother to inform the government agencies maintaining the list of the death. However, it is exceedingly rare that people vote using the names of dead people. Again, Trump is doing all he can to mislead and lie to people. Indeed, that's all Trump has--lies--to offer gullible voters, his latest marks."
"All said, you should've got a RX480 though! Truth. I did a fair amount of research before my PC. I originally was set on a 960, and ended up going with the 390 because it best fit my needs. Powerful and could easily run most games at 3440x1440. Didn't feel it was necessary to spend an extra $250-300 to achieve the gaming experience I was shooting for."
looks like you need this So you believe everything you read on the Internet Huh.
"That suicide after the KS, true alpha male. Epic challenger top lane 2v1s"
"Clever.... never seen that before! Now that it's officially not April, everything that has happened is significant. Drop McCutcheon for Brock Holt NOW."
"Jon Ryan was on American Ninja Warrior, why do you sound surprised about his fake punt? Anyone else think playing against the Seahawks defense is pointless? Seriously, I get that they have good CBs. But it's ridiculous trying to play anything against them. I just had a 4 turnover game because they were always PERFECTLY positioned. And don't even think about throwing towards Sherman. Oh, and they fake punted it. Their punter threw it a straight 30 YARDS down the field. Perfectly. I'm pulled down to only running against them to be effective at all."
"Just daily pull a couple orlandu in a couple months, easy peasy. Alternatives to Edgar chains for F2P player As a F2P player, the Edgar chain had been helping me clear the current Pro/Adv event with relative ease. However I am still far from being able to clear the trial bosses or any stages that last more then two rounds as Edgar melt too fast. Are there any other easy-to-get 3 star base units that is able to do 4+ hits for chaining? Or future units?"
That wasnt organized by their bosses at all. Workers at Peru's Doe Run mine returned to work Thursday after a two-day strike demanding an end to environmental restrictions that they said hamper their ability to earn a living
I heard girls like a man who is straight to the point. No hello then?
How dare she use the land that the state owns Homeless woman fined for building her own home
"Nah, its not a smart idea. I guess playing Thornton and Mirza at the same time worked out..."
"Pfft, there are no consequences for our internet shenannigains, don't be absurd. Funny, but in reality you really don't want to potentially destroy someone's career over something like this."
"""Sounds like you need some more Democracy son!"" except that in so many cases they don't actually learn anything :-("
"Feminism has been falling since 1848. TRP discusses the inevitable fall of feminism. Well, fellow feminazis, I guess destroying civilization was fun while it lasted."
"It's the first I've heard of it, but I'm about culturally appropriate it. As a black person I will try and explain the meaning behind Black Love (I may get this wrong though, I was always one of those kids that was too white for the black kids)... Anyway, it's like a salute to someone who shares the same history and suffers similar struggles to you: trying to prove his worth in a dog eat dog world where he is (sometimes or frequently) subject to disadvantages because of the colour of his skin. It's his way of saying ""Hey brother, I see your struggles and share your pain. Stay strong, cousin."" Why someone decided the term Black Love, which is only ever said between black people, is White privilege is beyond me. That I have no explanation for."
Politicians. It's kind of a given that there's no single thing you can add or take away from a government to make it inherently good.
"Dude get a life, playing a game for 11 years. Doubtful. I've been a member for about 11 years."
This proves that global warming isn't real! my entire house froze last night because the stove went out.
"Probably when someone dropped a dung pie after a fight. Stinkiest hatemail? This morning I was matched in the arena 5 times with the same guy. I could tell he was very offended from me killing him because after the first death he spammed disrespectful gestures before and during the fights. In the end he sent me hatemail: ""sniff my butt"" and blocked me so I couldn't retaliate. What is the stinkiest hatemail you guys received?"
All of United's games What are some games to show people to get them into the sport? I want to get one of my friends into the sport but he's never really watched soccer at all. What are some games (preferably within the last year) to show him that would get him interested in soccer.
....right.... So this is an argument about real estate. Got it. What is best for Idaho is best for Hawaii. Obviously.
"Yeah but think of the *hassle* - It's just a lot easier to not do it, ya know? I don't think he needs to set up a new account specifically for ACH. He could simply mail people a check for the balance owed."
"They are, after all, each producing as much as 375,000 slackers. The richest 400 families has as much wealth as 150 Million Americans, of course they need more tax cuts"
"Oh yeah, well in Attila Total War, I had holdings in Scandanavia, England, Ireland and northern France by turn 35.... TIL that the Normans conquered England, Southern Italy and Sicily, the coastline of Tunisia and Egypt and had part ownership of Jerusalem and its surrounding areas by 1130. However their house only began in 911 and started with the unity between small Viking tribes."
"But free speech Cool, regardless of if that time has come or not I still want to keep all of that drama crap out of this subreddit because harrassing fat people is completely irrelevant to canucks hockey."
Got to give white people credit when it's due because we would have never ended segregation if it weren't for the Beatles! TIL The Beatles helped end racially segregated concerts by refusing to play at segregated events.
"Glennon Who do you think has helped their draft stock the most this bowl season? Doesn't necessarily have to be eligible for this year's draft, but who do you think has showcased his talents the most? I want to emphasize that I'm not asking who has had the best game, but who has significantly improved their value."
"And all women want children, and the brunt of pain, discomfort, and work of carrying, birthing, and raising children aren't typically all on the woman, especially in ass-backwards red pillers' worlds. Because only women want children."
They should round them all up. and someone was proposing for beckenbauer to replace platini or blatter
"At work, of course. What they need to be asking is where the father was..."
"So I shouldn't use brakcleen on my brakes, got it Donnnnnnnnnnnnnt do that, the only products you should use on rotors are rubbing alcohol, or another cleaner that's specifically made for bicycle disc brakes"
I'm more concerned that all the heterosexual kisses on the show are pushing the 'straight agenda' on our children. (801 spoilers) criticism for gay couple on doctor who.
"If only we had the technology to see live pictures of a certain place. Think about it in a real-time thing, too. If she's looking at something in a picture, it's not *really* that thing. It's the thing captured in that moment. If she attempted to teleport somewhere in a photo, there's no knowing if there is a wall there, a sinkhole, a fire or even other people in that exact spot. If her abilities don't have a natural ""oops"" default that keeps her from getting trapped inside of walls or reassembling inside another person, trying to use a photograph as an anchor point could be a fatal disaster."
"How does it feel to have your career ended? You just said that your better than me in control, because your elo is higher. You got it man. You win. Im out"
Stop playing against Trick2g in season 3 and 4. How do you deal with a Nunu Bot stealing every single one of your camps while being uncatchable and unkillable?
"Nah, man, being told your material is too good is literally, like, the worst thing you could ever say to a comic The most ultimate humble brag on the internet, I've finally found it."
you forgot your Impossible! The Russian People would never stoop to such lows as astroturfing! This is pure drivel driven by Western Propaganda!!
"I am a big manly man, so I only play manly mobile games like Dragon Ball Z Dokkan Battle where I match colored bubbles, not these girl games like candy crush where you match colored bubbles! Bad mobile games are often seen as girly, even though there is probably enough dudes playing those too. Then games that allow you to form relationships and find/gather/farm items and no or bad combat. Think harvest moon, stardew valley, minecraft, animal crossing, sims, etc. If I had to make a very general observation I would say that competitive games (You need to be better than the others by beating them, this can be combat, but also sports) are seen as guy games, while creative and cooperative games are more seen as girly."
Can't wait for them to call for blanket ban on assault knives. Ohio state attack
"his whip is made from lava man, don't be a dick I didn't thought it could be worse then Combat bracelets."
A nuke after a 25 score streak Rocket League is great. What could make it better? I say stages/arenas that have basket ball hoops. That extra challenge!
"Yeah, why didn't you choose to be paid more? Then be the one to change the office environment. Or leave and find a new team. Or, keep on making up excuses to justify your lying. The only reason you're lying is because you've made yourself bound to your job. Which means you have poor financial skills. Probably putting a house and a family over savings. Right? If you can't walk off your job right now and be financially sound for six months to a year, you are doing it wrong. Eat a dick."
"Is this considered 1099 Work? A homeless man from San Francisco, who pointed police toward two Orange County inmates who had escaped from jail, will get the lion's share of a $150,000 reward set up for their successful capture"
"Because I wanted to see if there was someone who couldn't wait to show off that they know what Hiragana is as opposed to katakana. Google translate is terrible for Japanese. Also, why go through all that trouble and not use hiragana at the very least lol"
"Yes, only SRS believe in not actively treating women like shit. So afteR the MENS W.C., this sub becomes SRS?"
"Yea, but that's not what the movies taught me. the us intervened before the war actually started, even when the support was scant the soviets didn't have a hope of winning that war."
Drugs are bad and the war on drugs is working Thanks. What are the reasons that people wouldn't support it?
"Yeha, so many debates have been settled by reading the first line of a dictionary entry. It's an issue, insofar as issue can be defined as: issue - an important topic or problem for debate or discussion. Emphasis on the topic, rather than the problem."
"Had Wiglesworth been within earshot, she probably would have thought Tasha was talking about her. WE GOT A RAT"
"Yeah, because designing a card takes like 2 or 5 minutess each Why would they have to do that? Just make some good cards and let the next xpacks fill in the blanks wild might be a lil weaker but standard would iron out easily."
"Of course, they won agaisnt VP because their coach had autoaim Coach of Kinguin, dalito VAC-banned"
"Yeah, because Apple didn't go on to become the most successful company of all time No. Microsoft was already making money hand over fist for MS-DOS before any GUI action had begun. Bill Gates was just a hands down better businessman than Steve Jobs, and it showed when Microsoft had to bail out Apple."
"I don't think he is saying racism against white people doesn't exist or isn't ""bad"", and neither am I. Let me explain further: white chicks: not racist Robert Downey Jr in tropic thunder: not racist Left pic from OPs post: racist Also keep the insults coming, it's nice having a civil discussion. Not everyone gets it. I'm not arguing that everyone does. I'm arguing against his assertion that racism against whites isn't bad racism. As if there can be good racism. You're purposely trying to twist my words into something you take exception to. Seriously, do you use a voice to text app? Which brand?"
"yeah, now we can shut the sub down and be all done with that. Thanks for clearing that up."
Did you tell him it was in the options? I think he needs help with Det. Risk
"Because as we all know, you're only speaking your mind if you're saying racist things. ""Cause he speaks his mind and we need that"" yes,the main thing America needs is a ""president who speaks his mind"" and no other qualifications."
"that's why all the pro teams use her Doesn't change the fact that when you face her with any other hero, she is the most annoying, anti-fun character in the game. She's too good at everything for a defense hero, and that's coupled with the freezing bullshit."
All the best leaders are. He wasn't really elected anyway... he's only the PM because of a coalition deal.
Found the Historian Adolf Central.
"Nothing like NASCAR and bleached assholes, but hotline bling would be a lot better Kanye West - Father Stretch my Hands pt 1"
"the technology just isnt there yet You just need to X out the deck on the select-a-deck screen, same as incomplete decks."
alright boys let's fuck him up You're_gonna_have_a_bad_time.gif (please don't kill me)
Sounds tempting This is why I have my facebook as private as possible :/
Lol u forgot the Good luck Gazans! Keep fighting the good fight!
"Well since your brain uses like 20% of your daily calories, maybe they can just think it really hard and burn all the fat without getting their lazy ass up Loving your body has no bearing on whether or not your body is attractive. Unless it somehow magically burns calories."
you're so generous! I would be willi to swap you a sample of the current OWA 107 for a comparison
Wow so funny I lold so hard LMAO too funny Playing in traffic
she identifies as a woman! My man!
Obviously the Frenchman appropriated his language from the beautiful Africans! Lol you think whites have any kind of culture to differentiate themselves.
"you're right, you might go blind, or spread aids that way I'd scan mine but I'm not sure if its okay to have the scanner lid slighty open since the book won't flatten all the way..."
You're the classiest person to ever post in this subreddit. it's over man.
"Then upload to YouTube of said Moonwalk. She will never win. Ever. UNLESS you don't show up when summoned. Show up when summoned, listen to the judge chew out the mom (or dismiss it in a calm professional manner) and then moonwalk out of court."
Someone forgot the I get news from multiple news sources to draw my own conclusion. I have concluded that Obama is the worst president in American history and will possibly destroy the world. He comes off to me as someone trying to ruin America.
"twas but a joke my friend forgot Hate isn't going to solve the problem. It's the system we are currently using, and we still have pedos. Yes, they do despicable things. But hating them doesn't at all do anything to prevent them from molesting kids. We need to think (as a public, as well as individuals) and hatred doesn't let us do that properly. It just makes us focus on ""fuck pedos, kill em all!"" Which doesn't realistically do anything."
But the photo looks all old. Your friend is a liar.
"you must be fun at parties. Not really. BW doesn't see a dime from the money people spend on subscription. It all goes to EA, who then can decide if and how much money they will let BW have"
"This is a positive story and the trains look pretty cool, good thing they didn't announce it during the referendum Sleek-looking, longer SkyTrain trains arriving this year"
"That's because all insurance company employees are greedy, evil pigs! They should be pissed, Obama just threw them under the bus and is going to use them as the scapegoat for the failed rollout of Obamacare"
"Why doesnt everybody quit NATO then? Swedish PM: We're in EU, but not in NATO, and it works"
"your* Yeah, sorry. You're the *bad* kind of gay now..."
Because sarcasm is conveyed well on the internet without some clear indication one was using sarcasm.... Sarcasm...
"Hopefully, this will shut up all those who say BJP is communal. India's Muslims are nationalists who always oppose terrorism: Rajnath"
When I thought that Trump would be a good president. When did you realize you were an idiot?
Nah dog it's just catnip Johnny Caught Smoking Weed In Club.
He used 3 at the end so what are u complaining about? Can you use some punctuation so I can actually read what you posted :) thanks!
A team tries to have the best opportunity to win a round uhh loll what idiots Mouz deserved the loss.
Chitin what armor is that??
"but, what about N? If you don't give a character noticeable flaws, they'll never have any kind of character development."
Because Microsoft is clearly very concerned about sequential numbering. Infinity would have been a nice name but what do you call the next Xbox after infinity
"At least it'd be in good condition if the time to sell it comes around. Save for the Rolex you actually want, not the comprise that is going to get you in to a Rolex the fastest. That's how watches get sat on the dresser and never touched again"
"Yep because there's only one way to get the results you want If the officer was looking for a reason to shoot him, he would've just shot him while the gun was still in the glove box and said he was reaching for it."
I hope the premiere is just like this! A gore-less beating.
"He's not operating a motor vehicle, and he doesn't need to register his property if he's *traveling* Should have registered his car"
Religious warfare rubric: Break a law in your religion +10 Increase tension locally +5 +30 extra credit for increasing tension between Russia and the USA Non-religious person killed +2 Religious person killed +1 Become a martyr +1000 Precisely. It becomes a macabre absurdity when groups start comparing violence done as if there's a rubric out there for bloodshed based on bigotry.
You forgot the It's a really great way to do it. If I had the initiative to ever do anything with my life I'd definitely be fluent by now but I quit because I'm lazy.
"UN has also declared Indian national anthem as best anthem, in fact they have been doing this for last so many years, if you want source I can forward you email and WhatsApp message. Source? I found links to allegations and various groups reporting partial findings, but no official UN analysis and conclusion."
"Yea, but then I have to stop playing CoD/WoW/LoL for 30 minutes, and get changed, and stay away from that burning hot ball of fire in the sky. Or you could just go outside and exercise. I think that's designed for weight loss too."
"Well, we all know psychology is a male-dominated field. Wow, apparently my profession is all about brainwashing women into being compliant with the patriarchy? I've read a lot of criticism of therapy, but I haven't heard that one before."
I came here just to say this. It's been along time since I've heard this meme.
It's not like the LNP have ever politicised the suffering of others. Greens deputy Adam Bandt defends bushfire attack on Tony Abbott
You must be a blast at parties. Well I guess if you say so he must be the coolest hypocrite in the world! Can I have his icq number?
"I mean if someone was jerking off to your books you might be upset. Yea, something you bought that was from a publishing company that your friend didn't give back is the same as your ex putting your private photos online which could possibly ruin your career. Your logic so fucking sound"
"Yeah, those cops are horrible for caring about the communities that they risk their lives protecting. Ice cream is triggering"
"Because Conservatives never have good ideas, they only ever make negative policy. How does this evidence that? It seems a reasonable idea to me."
"Must if misplaced his meds I have a sneaking, slinking suspiscion you got you got coal for X-mas. lol"
"FUCK YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU Calm the fuck down, dude."
"But... that's not free, and I deserve free shit. No. Buy a Wii U if you want to play Wii U games."
Weird how his hairline has gotten significantly stronger in the last 20 years. Jeremy Piven is in it.. interesting
Those damn *fundamental human rights* getting in the way again! European human rights court rules mass surveillance illegal - Decision may kill off UK government spying law
"Same, I hate when people play the game with a great tactic to do well I hate people who do this. :P"
"Indeed, protesting has no place in a fucntioning nation. i hope they all get charged with felonies"
"As you can see, the original sign was *vastly* misleading. Most effective protest sign ever...expressed in percentages and using after-tax income."
"I've been watching the live feeds all season, and they're hardly playing Late Night Live Feed Viewing Party - June 25, 2015 Welcome to the Late Night! Discuss tonight's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
"So you're saying more fiber in our diets will kill us? I'm just gonna say 15 grams of hard to digest plant matter every day might fuck up your digestion and or give you an ulcer in the long run. You're forcing your body into making a ton of stomach acid, could lead to future health issues. Just throwing that out there, stay safe homie."
"We want Iran to pledge allegiance to the Jewish state of Israel as a part of this deal. Interesting that some people think ""deal"" means that one side must get everything it wants."
"He forgot his Steve Kerr on whether Curry turnover vs. LeBron in Game 3 was correct no-call: ""I absolutely agree. Slide-tackling is totally legal."
I think he was using This **IS** the real announcement.
But they're not racist though That was easy.
It's clear Conor's touch-butt is too much for Silva. And the award for most deluded fan goes to...
"Yeah, it's so easy to cure depression. It's too bad we didn't have any sort of medication one could take to relieve the imbalance of hormones which cause depression. Oh wait..."
I hear this guy has some excellent bets... especially for a bad group
"They should stream it on Twitch! This Nov. 29th, reddit's 1st Livestream Brings the Black Friday Chaos to You."
Give it to me if you don't use it Fingerprint scanner
Needs that Long hair could get jammed into guns irl. They're trying for a more realistic approach for v
I wonder how many self portraits the egotist has done? Noah Bradley is so stupid and annoying.
"Edgy, offensive jokes are *sooooo* worth it, amirite? TIFU by accidentally showing racist photos to a Target worker. So, I got a new phone today. I went to Target to have them switch the contacts over to the new one, along with the pictures and etc. I had just gone through a subreddit (r/I'mgoingtohellforthis) and made a nice collection of racist/offensive pictures in a small folder on the old phone, that I was going to send to a group text that includes my closest friends (we try to send the most offensive stuff we can for it). The worker who offered to do it for free was a young, Indian woman. She was in the process of changing them over to the new one, and on the old phone she opens up the bad folder asking, ""These too?"" The first thing that pops up across the screen is a man waving a confederate, with a plane behind him carrying a sign that says, ""WHITE IS SUPERIOR!"" She scrolls through, seeing plenty of 9/11 and holocaust jokes. She then hands me both of my phones, and tells me to get the fuck out. I'm currently copying each contact one by one. I'm on 114 out of 641."
the issue is she has a vagina and therefore can only roll misses when attacking penis-equipped beasts. It was absolutely appropriate. She took a swing at him and it probably hurt like hell. He swung back. What's the issue?
"Way to use the mom-death as a guilt trip! I was friends with a girl and her brother when I was younger. Their mom suddenly died of cancer while they were still young. A short story contest came up at school that was nation wide &amp; the prize was to visit the Harry Potter set in Europe and meet JK Rowling herself, along with some cast members. The prompt was something along the lines of ""if anything from the Wizarding World of Harry Potter could come true, what would you like it to be and why?"". To cope with the pain of her mother passing, my friend ended up writing an essay on how she would like a potion that could bring her mom back or just be able to see her and speak to her again. Weeks passed and she got the news that she, out of thousands of entries, won the contest. She got everything they said she would win - the tour and meet and greets. I remember showing us pictures when she got back of the whole experience and how truly kind everybody was."
If only this was higher up the thread... Comments = graveyard. Turn around now.
"Yep when I think spy, I think character assassination and industrial espionage, Not you know, spying on our enemies or anything like that. **BREAKING: SPIES REVEALED TO BE DOING SPY SHIT**"
"I know man like I said I totally deserved it Well, if you had won the 4 of the 5 gunfights you lost, you would have won the game."
"Who makes your keyboards and mice? I have China blocked from everything. If it's from China, we don't want it."
"Using my advanced powers of deduction, it seems like hating gays leads to running a quality establishment. Shame about the rampant homophobia though."
Aren't you just original Genetics already did
"Idk, you might have to fold them down to make clearance for that. Lambo V10 in the back seat of my PT Cruiser."
We don't appreciate logic in the Air Force. Most logical thing would be to ask your friendly military pharmacist.
"TIL: Metro Manila is the Philippines. PNoy said car sales are up 27%.. so fucking what if traffic is worse than before? That's not a sign of progress. Developed countries have good public transport, not more cars."
They should make a team. My top 5 is Olofmeister Dennis Flusha Krimz JW
"I didn't ask for excuses, I asked for videos. the thing that stops me from pumping out videos is just the amount of time I have to play to get to something I think is worth a video, I'd love to make three videos a week, trust me :p"
"wait, Andy Dalton's a CHRISTIAN? What's on Andy Dalton's pregame playlist? Christian music."
Flawless logic! Picking specific counters for 1 Pokemon... Sounds like Datbird needs to get banned from Monotype.
"That's because Jefferson was rich, you prick. *I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it.* - Thomas Jefferson"
"You dropped this: Agreed, there's no way they're getting past the Lakers. '04 rematch incoming"
You are such a white knight Don't tell him this. I find it amusing when he uses the term incorrectly.
time to get 10000k armor to counter this Sjow gets fiesta'd by the most tenacious Reno priest you've seen.
"No, there was a heckler, clearly that's sexist and proof of how we're all anti-women and hellbent on keeping them down. Illegal immigrants violently protest Trump rallies, while hard-working coal miners peacefully protest Clinton rallies."
"This comment enrages me and I am taking the time to down vote it. I automatically switched to reading this in an accent as soon as I read ""Australian"" That's all."
"We're still the monsters though Both creators are married with kids, and they were getting a fucktons of threats to ""murder their wives"" and ""rape their kids"" - because rape and murder of actual living beings is the perfect way to respond to a joke about video game characters getting raped. Some of the threats were taken very seriously, since they listed pictures and addresses of their homes and the schools their kids attended."
TIL if you dont use your phone it can last all day. Battery life on Galaxy S6 Edge - one example of the difference a day can make
Because words on a piece of paper say so. Why should people be fined for smoking weed?
"Yeah forget his health, just make sure he's happy. The kid could have a disability, like Autism. If sitting in the buggy makes him happy, then so be it."
"Oh yeah, News Corp has *massive* oil/building/banking interests. News media's profits dont matter anymore. What matters is how they manage through propaganda to help their owning conglomerates earning more billions through arms sale / oil / building / banking / etc.... And right now western billionaires want cheap quasi-slave labor more than anything, to drive down everyone's wages. And they want their share of all this government spending that will be necessary to support millions of migrants."
Oh really? The catch is the topography doesn't actually look like that. That's some vertical exaggeration of (I'd estimate) at least 20x.
Australian releases I see Picked up pet sematary tonight and silent night deadly night last night.
"But, wouldn't it just be easier to eliminate Steven Avery than it would be to frame him ? I just don't feel like wasting my time typing out stuff I have a hundred times before. I have provided tens of thousands of words picking apart each piece of evidence and the holes that exist around the procedures and protocols that should have been adhered to by police, which they chose to ignore. The PR company that took up their plight, stated the most effective method of combating public misconception on cases like these, are to provide the facts of why its not possible for police to have planted evidence and educate the public on the procedures and protocols that prevent this kind of thing from happening. You will notice that no education campaign happened, because the MTSO did not follow any proper protocols. They instead had Kratz do 'sweat DNA' routine across every public platform he could get on. Hobknobbing with Pirro and Nancy Grace is apparently getting at the 'truth' of the case. Oh and Wiegert and Fassbender were giving conferences on 'evidence handling' for a bit, for their award winning investigation [not to the public though]. Until that was cancelled. Did they pick that up again? The signs are strewn though out the case. I am not in the mood for going through each piece of evidence. Sorry. It has nothing to do with not being able to refute an argument, it's to do with not caring enough to refute it. Kusche's claims of 'DNA can be planted' when it pertained to Avery's guilt in the first case, and the later claims of 'it's ridiculous and just...impractical' that police planted evidence in relation to Avery not being guilty, is all people need to know about the bias in this case. Someone could lay out what happened in absolute perfect detail but if it implicated MTSO there would still be a pushback claiming its all impossible. If you want to argue that with someone else, by all means, troll away until you find them."
"Well, I mean our captain is a forward who plays as a dman, so... I'd say Ottawa is an OK team that's over-performing. Our offence is elite, but our defence is garbage."
"Yeah, all these Trump supporters are ultra-PC That's what the US seems to be turning into. Ultra-PC Offendotopia."
"He would need to paint his face brown and wear a turban (because there is zero difference between Muslims and Sikhs) to fully express his rights! He should combine his first and second amendment rights by walking into an airport wearing a T-shirt with 'Allah Akbar' written on it in big letters AND carrying his penis substitute (sorry, legal protection). I, for one, would love to see how that works out."
"Its not always about *you* I was really scared this was going to be about the blackhawks. Yes, I approve of this choice!"
"Careful with that trademark, I think Rockstar owns it currently. SoonTM"
"Yeah, but what the hell does Thomas Jefferson know about the Constitution. Yes, there is more than one way to 'interpret' the Constitution. However, there is a great body of documentation that necessitates the originalist viewpoint from the very people who wrote the document. I know it's a popular myth on reddit that the originalism only came about because Justice Thomas and Scalia are ""conservative assholes,"" but the truth of the matter is originalism is the intended means of knowing what each Article or Amendment means. One only needs to look to the likes of Noah Webster (responsible for the organisation of Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution), Thomas Jefferson (who was in France as ambassador during it's writing, but is perhaps the most influential Founder with regards to determining Constitutionality by the Supreme Court), and James Madison (the 'Father of the Constitution' - it's primary author) to see that original intent was the ONLY means of ensuring the Constitution isn't distorted to suit the desires and passions of those in office. ""In the lapse of two or three centuries, changes have taken place which obscure the sense of the original languages. The effect of these changes is that some words are now used in a sense different from that which they had, and thus present a wrong signification or false ideas."" ~Noah Webster ""On **every** question of construction, carry ourselves back to the time when the Constitution was adopted, recollect the spirit manifested in the debates, and **instead of trying what meaning may be squeezed out of the text, or invented against it, conform to the probable one in which it was passed.**"" (emphasis mine) ~Thomas Jefferson ""I entirely concur in the propriety of resorting to the sense in which the Constitution was accepted and ratified by the nation. **In that sense alone it is the legitimate Constitution.** And if that be not the guide in expounding it, there can be no security for a consistant and stable, more than for a faithful, exercise of it's powers. *What a metamorphosis would be produced in the code of law if all its ancient phraseology were to be taken in its modern sense.*"" (emphasis mine) ~James Madison If that's not enough to convince you originalism is a concept as old as the Constitution itself, perhaps a couple more examples are necessary.... ""The first and governing maxim in the interpretation of a statute is to discover the meaning of those who made it."" ~James Wilson, original Justice of the Supreme Court ""The first and fundamental rule in the interpretation of all documents is to construe them according to the sense of the terms and the intention of the parties."" ~Joseph Story, Supreme Court Justice So, according to those who helped shape and write the Constitution, modernists are simply *wrong.* I know that puts a serious damper on many veins of political thought (progressivism and neoconservatism), but that's what the Amendment process is for....reshaping the Constitution to fit our current circumstances. Reinterpreting it to mean what you need it to mean to do what you want to do is not, and never has been, the intention....regardless of what a professor, TIME magazine, or your high school civics teacher tells you."
You know Daily Mail readers don't care about that sort of thing! Oh and he's a Joo too.
Which explains why the top CEOs in the country are all women. My mom posted this on Facebook. She tries to call me sexist.
"Usopp has a higher bounty so obviously he is stronger than Sanji. As Sanji? Doubtful, that's an incredible tall order."
"Lock the missus in there when the hockey game is on. Ton's of deer in the neighborhood, also why the fence is 5' high. I'm hoping that is tall enough..."
"That's why we totally don't have tv shows like ""Deadliest Catch"". I think the point was that there are LOTS of very dangerous jobs that exist- but the military is pretty much the only one ever glorified the way it is. Like you said, yes, some military jobs are extremely dangerous, but also as you said, the majority are not."
"That's the thing, everything everyone wants is easy, problem free and a no brainer.. And we're all dev experts who know exactly how much work is involved and how much FarmVille the devs are playing instead of giving us voice chat! Of course it's good, that's not why people are mad. We're mad because it could be PHENOMENAL if they just did simple things. Like add a larger server base, higher quality content, less RNG, ect. Basically they took the shitty qualities of MMO's and put them in a shooter. When they should have done the opposite, and since they are Bungie, we hold them to a higher standard."
Oh how I love a girl with no internal organs Picturesque
Now console player can have the PC experience! PSA: Online Servers are down for Gears of 4
"Yeah nothing like 3 extra ammo in exchange for unlimited ammo with 3 head shots Personally, I don't see why people are complaining on the changes for the weapons and exotics. The only real complaint I have is the Thorn's DOT effect stacking up five times. So what if Wolfpack rounds are reduced in damage? Jesus, we're getting a Blast Radius increase. White Nail perk eats reserve ammo? Increased ammo pool, dammit. The Last Word change makes the most sense, IMO. That's all I bothered to remember, I'm prepared for downvotes because I disagree with the complaining meta right now."
What a fuckin' surprise The list of electorates winning most from 'negative gearing' are all blue ribbon Liberal seats
"If your dog lights things on fire, I am with your SIL. I meant fibres. I'm on my phone so there are some errors. You're probably correct. Smile and nod. I'm just frustrated it's got to be that way. I'm by no means asking for my dog to be shoved in the babies face but I am sure they could be in the same supervised room!"
Everyone knows it was the Szechuans... Czech ambassador in the U.S had to clarify that Czech Republic is not Chechnya
"Your rabbit is a privileged CIS asshole who probably lords its thinness over other rabbits who try their hardest to lose weight but can't. I'm pretty sure that's what my rabbit eats. Grass hay, lettuce, more hay, arugula, spinach, hay, water, bedtime."
"Go back to playing vidya games, you millennial toddler. you realize not everybody on the internet is over 20 right?"
"no he used the dragons through him... as in they went through him! Upvoted, but people using 'through' instead of 'threw' is one of my biggest peeves."
You sound like a great friend Stop being friends with them. Drug addictions always end in a downwards spiral
#effyourbeautystandards How does she not know? Girls correct their coverage all the time when I see them and I hardly every see anything in person. That's like a full ass...god damn lady
He's not cheating you're just a silver scrub Just me or does this look robotic asf?
"Don't you know that God gave everyone perfect teeth at conception and as long as they take personal responsibility for their eating habits and brush their teeth every night then there's no need for commie redistribution of wealth to fix a problem that's their own fault. With all the focus on healthcare, why is there no discussion of making dental care affordable to people? Tooth care is incredibly important but so expensive! I feel like oral health is totally put on the back burner, but it's incredibly important to your overall health. Why has their been no effort to make dental care more affordable to people - either by insurance or some other way. I don't understand why dental is completely separate from ""health care"" in terms of accessibility and insurance. Shouldn't there have been some provisions for oral care in the ACA?"
"Yeah those bookworms are so loud and annoying I dunno, if you lived directly upstairs or next door then the noise of something being used as a shop might be somewhat bothersome."
Because I'm sure no one gems their hero time to get more enjoyment out of the game Queen takes over 2/3s of a year to max with non-stop upgrading so I call bullshit on only taking half a year.
TIL: Dentists are qualified to advise my sex life. Planned Parenthood defund bill cites dentists as reproductive care alternative: Schools also among options as Florida lawmakers aim to prevent state agencies from working with any organization that provides abortion care
"WOAH there turbo... you just spoiled the fuck out of LOTR... I advise not looking up anything. Most of the sources will contain unmarked spoilers mixed in the text, because the events of this movie are so widely known in later parts of the game (especially WoW). You're bound to have major events spoiled. To give an example with Lord of the Rings: If you went and looked up stuff about it before the movies came out, you'd probably find out that Gandalf returns or Boromir dies. The Warcraft Movie is a first contact story and was designed by the director to be a perfect starting point for people who don't know anything about the universe."
"Quinn sucks. Madigan &amp; Cullerton have their own share of the blame, but it's time to begin recall proceedings against Gov. Rauner. Here's a petition, stop the madness."
"Brees is a hack who will never amount to anything Drew Brees just did that last night. It happens, and in Ryan's case, it was mostly a fluke."
"Probably because bloodsucking parasites like you are filling up on water willy-nilly without paying I got yelled at for getting a refill on fucking water at a chinese buffet. I laughed and showed him it was just water and he was still pissed for whatever reason. The place folded a month later, I can't imagine why."
Your lack of respect for cultural diversity is appauling! Little girls are not adult women. Well not in my society.
"Yeah, fuck innovations. Google glass should be thrown in the bin... Who wants advertisers knowing where you are... Fuck that"
Yup Im just gonna ID everything yup yup Collection of Chicago Rapper Mick Jenkins's outfits. If anyone could ID anything he's wearing I'd appreciate it!
"Well, what are you hiding then? All phones because we are all suspects. FTFY."
Nice Shot! I hope your attitude isn't representative of this community as a whole. Arrogant and elitist. I just bought the game and joined this sub and it would suck if that were the case.
"So... you tried to prevent people from assembling to hear a man speak... nice to know that Canada upholds basic human rights. He came to Vancouver once and there was a protest outside of a dinner he was speaking at. We blockaded the door with a wall of people so the rich people couldn't get in and hear a war criminal speak. The police periodically had to break us apart and beat us pretty hard, kicking us in the back of the legs and so on. We yelled and shouted so as to make his speach as difficult to give as possible. I really am not suprised he won't come to Canada anymore after incidents like that."
Yes stone the commie You would even think of peace with ISIS?!
"Assholes get women, confirmed. At the time I first read it, I identified with Jane a lot, and yeah, Rochester is a total dick, but I loved that two smartasses eventually live snarkily ever after."
"Yeah, living in a part of the world where it never gets colder than 60* is so depressing. Not really. Snow sucks."
"Blindsided, never saw that coming! Rick Perry is first to exit 2016 Republican presidential race"
"User name relevant to how I feel I lost my PO game and felt sad :( I pulled this from my pro pack and felt happy :) 4th LTD this year, anyone pull more?"
"And remember if you're a student, Election Day is always on Wednesday. Freshmen: You need to show your ID to use the buses. I highly recommend a lanyard."
"Seriously, it's just that simple. Should have fed Landeskog on the near post. Either tic-tac-toe play to Duchene or easy redirect, depending on goalie's movement. Ah well"
"Har har, first time I've heard that one before! My, you are quite the negative one, aren't you"
"I agree, on the discussion of and polling the election of a president, do not allow Trump's camp near there Trump's camp also sees demons whenever they look at Hillary's face, or whatever. They shouldn't be included in any sane conversation about anything, ever."
wow wasn't expecting that SIF Diego Alves showing why he has 92 reflexes
Super balanced groups ELEAGUE Season 2 groups
Shouldn't have to pay for car insurance either I'm never using it just paying thousands of dollars a year. So paying for it and not being able to use it is better?
This joke never gets old! Dating advice from Harry Potter
I sincerely hope you dropped this- Also you're probably a Mexican and most likely Muslim.
"I'd still prefer Scotty Parker over him in a relegation scrap You can see he was keen today. Playing against the best club in his home country, he was all over the place, getting stuck in, even shooting with the right foot - which he never does - and still pressing in the 93rd minute. All the haters can suck it."
"Someone didn't get a bid. All the greek junk counts as portals, assuming you have large sculptures, shields, designs, or just some big letters on the front lawn. We have about 5 frats as portals now, but it's not the frat - it's the junk on their lawn."
"I am sure Trump referencing becoming unshackled will play well with Black Americans. Trump lashes out at Paul Ryan on Twitter, says 'the shackles have been taken off me'"
Its funny coz a pit is a trap and your flair is pitlord And they say arabs have no sense of humour cool story Arab
"Oops forgot my Um... no. No, it couldn't."
he was 280lbs though really... People only get pissed when Nate is referred to as 170 though.
Vast een moeilijke jeugd gehad 'Hij zat toevallig in de auto en had niets te maken met de ramkraak!'. Echt waar! XD
"Reappropriating.... Hey, if the customer is too lazy or proud to look up coupons or ask about store specials, that's on them. Also can't fault that guy too much, he's just indirectly reappropriating that ""delivery fee"" they charge."
Well if you're watching this scene with children present you wouldn't want them to hear the foul language would you? In 2015 are there still people who are offended by bad language?
Trumpies love True Conservative 90-something year old women. Did they fap to Barbara Bush too?
"You dropped your Dude, any criticism of Hillary is Bernie's fault. He's a fucking white male! When people say ""your obvious attempt to bypass public records laws by directing communications through a private server shows a reckless disregard for the principles of open governance at best, and criminal mishandling of classified information at worst"" what they're really trying to say is ""I hate women because I'm a misogynist."""
but the fantastic PK abilities Yeah but red wings
....this cannot be overlooked! Did you not watch the video? Dude is clearly black.
It means something to me... in my heart. 1) UPVOTE parties are against Reddit rules 2) it's a shitpost 3) it's a meaningless stat 4) it belongs in the game thread
I know.. So many more people dying than usual. This Sucks. The world is losing so many wonderful people. Who the fuck flipped the wrong switch in the universe?!
Nice to see homophobia is still alive and well Its so fuckin gay. Been saying for months the mods need to step in and just delete the 10 daily 'TIL THE BROWNS IS BAD' posts
"Oh great, more remakes. Jon Favreau Confirms He Will Direct THE JUNGLE BOOK 2 And THE LION KING Back-To-Back"
You mean cuckropean. MRW im a european and i see r/the_donald posts on r/all
"Since you asked me so nicely, sure - SoI would be nice. Got anything to add on what OP said?"
"Not only should we pay our players more, we should make All Black games televised on free TV, take out the Jaguares, Sunwolves, Rebels and Kings from Super Rugby and lets send the All Blacks to tour Tonga.... New Zealand rugby players get big pay rise in latest collective agreement"
"Once Republicans realize that the policy changes they are pushing for will effectively create an entitlement for literally everyone in the country to demand special treatment, making them by default the most Liberal party in the United States, then I'm sure they'll walk it back in a little bit. Jailed Satanist: Denying me ice cream violates my Constitutional right to practice my faith"
"He just needs to take a page out of Cam Newton's book and not dive after contested balls. He's biased, but has eyes behind the scenes. This adds to my hype level."
"Yea fuck have a big house and nice car! It's a clever ad, but unfortunately just highlights what is wrong with american work hours."
"So its going to be another early SNSD ripoff? G-Friend confirms comeback mid January, working with team responsible for 'Glass Bead'"
this is why we should censor the internet One guy... And the rest of us!
Only one more day until Ode to Dan Zelda II: The Adventure of Link: Sacrilicious - PART 3 - Game Grumps
"Taking away that one salary will totally make up for paying the thousands of other workers those company's employ Just saw this on facebook, its hard to believe that people believe this"
"Are you still in qualifiers? Since qualifiers base is not big enough, put QF with ALL Bronze and bronze only. This way will satisfy all players!"
"What did he mean by this? Donald J. Trump on Twitter: ""American's want to see a President who will fight FOR them- not a bunch of failed politicians fighting w/ each other about how to stop me."""
"Dick Not to be a dick, but I'd say you didn't beat it the first three times."
Obviously the sarcasm symbol is needed otherwise people downvote Same way some people get the joke and some don't. Also you lost The Game.
"Wait, I thought that gay people were ruining the sanctity of marriage. Because 6 out of 10 marriages ends in divorce."
That's just cause he never had to guard himself. Gary Payton said that John Stockton was the toughest player he ever had to guard.
Try teaching an engineer anything! Now try teaching a mechanical engineering undergrad about Shakespeare.
"Shhh, spoilers. I have a sneaking suspicion this movie might be about what 6 guys did (what was right, apparently)."
"Get out of here with your kindness and respect, I came here to fight I understand you not wanting a nickname, but understand that there are so many people working, and submitting pokemon right now that if you don't want a nickname on your 'mon, just use the search bar. The megathread has every pokemon on it, and new ones are coming each and every MINUTE throughout reddit. There's that, or just request one on the subforum. It makes a lot less work than what you're suggesting. I say this with the utmost respect and decency as a submitter, and i don't want to turn this into an ""online"" shouting match of any kind."
"The thing is that you don't understand that ""clean"" is a goal in itself, only bad programmers think about practical costs! Before we examine your suggestion, what's my incentive to set up gitignore files in this theoretically clean manner? What tradeoff am I making? What's the negative impact I'm taking on? My current gitignore on one of my projects is 235 lines. I have had 0 people complain about it to me (I'm the senior engineer on a fairly large team &amp; I think I would have heard if someone was going to complain). Now let's try &amp; see if your suggestion is reasonable. First, let's be extremely optimistic &amp; assume all the bugs that are filed get resolved within a day. I would have to file quite a number of them. Off the top of my head, Xcode, Eclipse, Visual Studio. Build systems frequently like to pollute your space too so now I'm filing bugs against ant &amp; gradle. That doesn't include when we start using new tools or when someone decides to use a new tool as a one-off on their machine. Now let's be more realistic &amp; recognize that it takes time to fix issues (often years since the ""care"" level for something like this tends to be very low). Even more realistic, some of these are fundamental design choices &amp; the bug is likely to just get closed out as behaves correctly. Then what's my next step?"
"[During Illidan's encounter with the Elder Naaru, he got hit by a ray of Light and expected to be gravely hurt, as it ""usually happens"".] Warlocks are not affected, I agree. Though I wonder about our new Demon Hunter allies. Have you read *Illidan* yet? I haven't gotten to it yet, wondering if it shows any direct interaction between the Light and any of the Demon Hunters."
"Total bullshit, because karma on a throwaway is SO HOT RIGHT NOW. This is the one where I draw the line. So much bullshit"
"Then obviously they need to gain weight. There are just has many ""skinny"" guys that post about having a hard time carrying comfortably."
"Parkey is white, he obviously won't be traded He better not get traded"
Well that just proves she wasn't racist at all then Turns out white people don't like when you call black people apes either.
shoulda started on a 250. Kawasaki 250 wrecked on Dragon
How can they sue the wind farm operators if it had nothing to do with wind farms? Victims of the South Australia Statewide Blackout to Sue Wind Farm Operators
"Kobe woulda gone back in the game regardless Erik Spoelstra said LeBron James wanted to check back in with 3:30 to go and he told LeBron ""don't even think about it."""
"sure, overlook the fact its a chevy engine.. :p Do up a Monaro for Victoria (sadly only the vauxhall badge version is in the game)"
He's just merely ok I think zob was a good pick up.
"Yeah, must mean she's anti-women's rights because she had something against the few women that had affairs with her husband. Championed women's rights in what way? Oh yeah by just utterly disregarding and disrespecting all of the women her husband sexually assaulted over the years."
"Luckily the same people are invading Reddit too! He's obviously joking. /pol/ is full of White Nationalists now. It is no longer anti-authoritarian as it once was, and the shitposting has gotten much worse since the Summer started."
0/10 not an actual dinoman My friend Finny did more JoJo make up! This time of Diego Brando!!
"Good on him, taking the moral high road. Poetic Stanziel Publicly Outs Himself as RMTer"
"Finally found a meaningful purpose for algebra. Women hate that. Having to stick their fingers inside to fetch a condom that slipped off is something that women find really annoying because it implies that you were sort of bored during sex and your erection went down a little and this reduction in size allowed it to slip off. This is why I like to do a lot of foreplay first because not only does it get her hot and lubed up, but it also builds up my interest. The worst thing is starting fast then losing your pace. Using math terminology you want the derivative (slope) to be increasing as you go not decreasing. Start slow, then increase until climax. The more gradual the increase the better."
"thank you for sharing your results. Made a little survey, I've had it. I'll go back go play with friends. This is really frustrating. So I've made a little survey.. I've played 20 matches. Out of those 20 matches, 17 of them were in the rain. I don't know what's the deal with it. Out of those 20 matches, 14 of them were against Real Madrid and I'm with Liverpool. I've conceded about 27 goals, 20 of them were fucking headers. I was in a match where I was playing against Madrid, he scored the 1st goal that was a header. Then I've catched up and was winning 2-1, then he scored a header by the same play. Marcelo through to Ronaldo and crossing it to Benzema. That's 2-2. Then in the minute 90, oh how could I not draw? Of course not. A fucking header in the 90' by the same cross from Ronaldo to benzema."
"Because you need GeForce experience to use an Nvidia card i don't. ever since i've switched from nvidia to AMD, i've never looked back, screw nvidia and their horrible geforce experience, AMD's radeon control settings are SO MUCH more simple and less-intrusive than geforce experience."
"Wow, you sound like a classy lady I've had affairs with married men before, It's not my responsibility to ensure their morals. ... anyways he isn't married"
I didn't know you can show the actual 4k panel PPI density through a screenshot why wouldnt you just take a direct display screenshot from the computer?
so much for that universal healthcare I was told (in Ontario) they could not tell us the gender.
"You forgot this: I 100% agree, what Mr. King is recognizing here is that it IS white peoples' fault. Nobody cares if the officer was black, this is an issue of white culture that actively ENCOURAGES the killing of minorities. You obviously can't see past your white privilege (I know the term ""white privilege"" has been mansplained to death by racists, but I mean it in the literal sense). What we need is a separate court and possibly set of laws that can fairly offer white people harsher sentences based on their crime until they have personally apologized for the thousands of years of oppression and slaughter."
How dare you not understand memes. Wonder if he's compensating for something
"wow thanks newegg now i can finally afford the mother board Thanks, Newegg!"
"Careful you dont catch lesbian from the toilet seat I live in a very rural, conservative area where there seems to be little tolerance for diversity. A lady recently transferred to my office from a larger city. She identifies herself as a lesbian transwoman. I used the stall next to her in the ladies room. She's a perfectly nice person who should be able to pee in peace like everyone else."
"Washed up adc in NA, nothing special at all Who is he?"
That's why he hanged himself. Heh it looks like people downvoted all his comments... *that'll show 'em!*
"It's been a year, another delay wont kill you Update on the Driveclub servers situation"
"Oh no, I feel so baaaad.... Jets OG Winters Out This Week After Headbutting Michael Bennett"
"Ness adds Ninten One Amiibo of your choice adds a special costume to the fighter, Go! Luigi adds Mr. L"
Those evil Zionist forcing those poor poor Palestinians to do that... We should wipe that evil country off the map and let those peaceful and heroic Hamas take care of the area..... Mortars Fired from Gaza as Israel Extends Humanitarian Ceasefire
I get anything grande because I like tall drinks. What is your favorite drink to order at Starbucks?
"no, we're talking about things that actually happened You forgot the Holocaust."
This is my favorite reddit post! Turn ya head
"That ""biased liberal media"" is constantly using Trump's own words against him instead of twisting them to mean what he retroactively says they meant. Their response to this has been so predictable. Its just like with the plaigarized speech. Anyone with a brain knows what they heard. But for the umpteenth time, they insult the intelligence of American people by denying the obvious. And then they blame the ""biased liberal media"" for covering it at all. Textbook."
"Bold claim considering he has 2 years left on his contract and will be a lock for the hof when he's done. while i'm at it, i have a feeling Jason Whitten is going to slump this year and will be out the door within 2 seasons"
Not to be confused with Frito Lay-kin. You have to be Frida Kahlo-kin to use her picture.
"If I can be filthy rich and work hard to be beautiful 24/7, then you could put your back into it a little harder, darling. And then call him lazy because he was only working 80 hours a week."
"Yeah, millions of users is such a small user base how could you ever make a profit? Used to work in a tech support capacity that supported a few mobile applications. We never trained new people on windows based phones, nor did we support them. The number of users relative to apply/droid was so low, it would've cost us a lot of money to even try."
"You could still use an electric one, they get just as hot. Suicide rates in Britain were much higher when gas ovens were common. People would stick their head in the oven, turn on the gas, and check out. Once electric ovens replaced gas, suicide rates dropped. The suicidal didn't find another way to kill themselves. Denied their convenient exit, they found a way to go on living. So if you or someone in your home is struggling with depression, it's very dangerous to have a gun around."
"If you're serious, PM me Otherwise, minions have all the answers! Ah yes when I lay in my bed for hours thinking about suicide, I'm really trying to impress other people"
Yeah this is much more scary than previous centuries... Scary time to be alive
Have you not experienced are awesome roads and our ability to openly shit all over gay people? Mike Pence would like to have a word with you.
"And an education system that is being subsidized by the state would have absolutely no incentive to make sure students are in support of the said state. You're looking at college as a monetary value for increasing your pay. The basic thesis for expanding college education is that educated people make more informed and more strategic decisions, and that they have a better well from which to draw ideas and a better understanding of the world and their place in it, which leads to vastly more opportunities. Yes, extra pay received from a four year degree would probably go down if there were more graduates, but a more educated population is better overall (depending on what metrics you are trying to achieve. A more educated population isn't as easy to manipulate.)"
He doesn't need a source dummy Let me be the first to ask for a source on this. Source?
But i heard that dogs mouths were 100x cleaner than a humans. dog people... kiss the mouths of the thing that just ate its own shit.
"See, Trump is winning battleground states! Poll: Clinton, Trump deadlocked in Georgia"
"He figures he rolled it once (hence the chop), so he already got that out of the way. Hope he never rolls it since he removed all roll protection and didn't put a cage in."
Or even worse they could end up like Europe As an American---trust me....don't go liberal. You'll watch your country fall apart from within. It will be hilariously ironic to watch people who claim to be educated and intellectually superior champion policy that is self-defeating and all together worthless. Liberals basically really really really REALLY wish the world was a certain way...but it isn't. And they don't get that.
Ye facking furry Black ISIS
"But his entertainment show is filmed with a crew and he stays in hotels when he's not filming, so that invalidates all of the badass shit he's done and now he's a pussy. TIL as a 23 year old, Bear Grylls became one of the youngest Britons to climb Mt. Everest -- 18 months after breaking three vertebrae in a parachuting accident."
"Yeah all those rich German Jews who the Nazis totally spared Or the Jews who weren't rejected from places like Harvard because of quotas You're totally right, but I think he might be trying to point out that most of the wealthy Jewish people today probably haven't been persecuted."
I don't see any problem with this country having nukes. Illustrations of a North Korean concentration camp by an escaped prisoner.
Cool its all 4 styles of the invention cape. I noticed an odd coincidence
"Come on stop whinging, Abbott just saved you twenty bucks, people should be able to afford the five easy enough. To clarify, this is not about cutting the Level A/B time/rebate in January. This is about the $5 cut from July."
"Yeah, how silly for that name to come out when all anyone had to go by was a picture of a damaged animatronic that looked cobbled together from used parts No he isn't, and never will be. That name should have DIED before purple man and springtrap became one. Hell that name should have never existed. Stupid kids."
"Because she's a human being, not cargo, you fat-shaming shitlord! Why not ask to use the cargo elevator?"
Some could argue it's been a struggle since the beginning of man. And so continues the battle against masturbation.
"If the market wanted your opinion, it would ask for it. Now there's a surprise. But how can this be? Isn't BPs drilling for oil a private endeavor, and therefore no one's business but it's own and can affect no one except itself? Aren't externalities a liberal-socialist-communist myth used for the purpose of enslaving free people? I'm beginning to suspect the world is more complicated than Peter Schiff and Ron Paul know."
"No no no, it's not a pyramid, it's a round table! What's up with all the Emgoldex FB spam? It's obviously got a lot of people and especially OFWs hooked. Looks like some type of pyramid scam where you're supposed to bombard your friends and relatives with cheesy edited pics of gold bars and bank account statements to entice them to join."
That's how much FPS I lost 911 more times to never forget
"Yeah, like a casino with sweet waterfront views! Lets just hope they do the right thing with it."
"Don't worry, they followed all the correct procedures! Police officers in the California desert city of El Centro repeatedly ignored signs of medical distress in a man they suspected of being a drug dealer, even telling a 911 dispatcher to ignore calls from his family for help"
"Well, apparently Mexico keeps sending their worst people to the US, sounds totally plausible to me. Yeah, I would like to see an AMA of one of the million Han people who would have taken part of that ""migration colonization"". ""I was moved around in the chinese continent by the government in order to destroy the claims of local natives, AMA!"""
Good thing Stiney doesn't! I almost trust our second string more than our starters at this point.
"Yeah, those parents whose kid was murdered really need to toughen up. When did sending a single letter requesting evidence become ""harrassment""? You people are a bunch of cry baby pussies these days."
"Just quit fouling him, he can't make a normal FG. Wow... Harden is dominating. Flat out. There is no answer for that."
totally not fake Michael Cera flips out during the filming of Youth in Revolt
I think he had a Skillful Gamer woos M'lady with inspiring speech. (i guess he is not a vigin anymor ;D )
"Maybe that's why agreeability with assisted suicide is growing. Because that's what being ""free"" means! Amirite?"
"Oh yeah, he's just hideous. James Franco's Ugly Brother Dave"
"So easy and simple Because when the enemies try and come up, your teammate can just come out, and get an ace. Duh"
Representing all the core values of jailbreakers! You're a true ambassador for the community.
lol he was a Jayhawk doe Fuck yeah Nick Collison. Swiping at that ball like a damn wildcat.
"Yeah, it was his fault that he got rear ended, that makes perfect sense and is the only reasonable conclusion that can be drawn from this. Fact: Rogan regularly drives while under the effects of marijuana and/or alcohol. So where is the troll angle? Today's marijuana is a powerful pain reliever used by people suffering from terminal bone cancer. Rogan uses this recreationally, then gets behind the wheel of his $300,000 super car. Rogan was probably high when he had the crash and didn't want to involve the police."
"bro, we all know insurance companies are out to screw people and claims people are the devil. I like how the woman complains that it can't be over a sidewalk and the response is ""your city already cited you over this dangerous sidewalk so why is it surprising that they wouldn't want to insure this huge and obvious risk?"" Seriously, fuck that person. Allstate should say we'll reinstate if you get it fixed within 30 days but not prior, as now that there's a report stating she's covered it would be trivial to find the location and trip there."
"Don't you know strangers know better than your doctor? I know! I had another lady tell me I should make the doctor do another ultrasound because ""You're way to big for it to just be one in there! My grandson's wife is due in October and she's no where near as big as you!"" Well, maybe our size difference is because I'm due in a month and she's due in 4 months?!"
"Well then they stole it, you should have them fired I actually got this joke from work, someone had it printed up on the wall! :-)"
Good post I hope my wife wants breakfast this morning
"Hilarious Intentional. Kids at my school write funny things on it like ""Donkey Punch"" (when you're doing anal and right as you cum you punch her in the head to make the asshole tighter) and they put it right back"
Yeah the Patriots really pressured Wilson on his injured knees Just ask their offensive line!
How shocking that clueless conservatives are trying to spin history and the facts! The Cartoonist Has No Idea How Net Neutrality Works
"You forgot the I have never played a game of TDM in COD where people favour camping. In fact, camping is an anathema to most COD players in any game mode."
You have it wrong she was actually just a blonde wig on fire. Dat smoking blonde casualness. Possibly a 64 year old waitress who smokes ten packs a day.
"Your the smartest person ever, have you ever thought of joining the government and stoping all the worlds problems. If its an unwanted knife wound I heard the body has ways of shutting it down."
"Those slaves weren't black, so they weren't as athletic. What about other regions of the world that owned slaves?"
So what you're saying is if I want a job I should do more raids. A couple years of experience doing games QA and a high level Destiny character.
"Get your teammates to abandon instead! I'm beginning to think that I'll never get out of Fresh Meat. Considering it only takes one loss to negate three or four wins, there's no hope unless you've got a dedicated team to steamroll with."
Did Melo fire them? Madison Square Garden execs fired after being caught in ticket scalping scandal
What a good frat Sup
"Yeah, get those greedy Jews like Bernanke away from mah Money supply! Getting money from the Federal Reserve which is a privately owned entity and no way connected to our government, yet deals with our money. Federal Reserve should be shut down, blood sucking vampires, Greenspan, Shalom Bernanke, Yellen, the lot of 'em. America back in American hands!"
"Right, because no one's motivated by greed. Absolutely ridiculous. This would literally take away everyone's incentive to work and those who do would be faced with enourmous taxes to support this."
"Yeah, OP, you're such a loser for being creative and being able to make awesome stuff. ""OMG STOP GETTING DEFENSIVE"" ""But I'm not getting defensive."" ""OMG CHILL."""
Guys can't be raped. Now THIS is rape culture. Where are the loud fat chicks with megaphones?
"Oh wow I can't see a SINGLE way that this is copyright infringement! Apple should allow iPhone users to send song files through iMessage. It would be so that people can be introduced to a specific band or genre with ease. This would benefit Apple because as someone begins to appreciate a new genre or band, they will be more inclined to purchase more songs from the iTunes store. Of course their would be a limit to the about of music-texts in order to prevent large-scale piracy."
"But I like the warmer weather, so I'm not worried. Baked Alaska: Heat records shattered across state | It was 88 degrees in Fairbanks on Wednesday, hotter than New York City's 85 degrees."
"Dota 2 invented dynamic loading screens and the option to disable them oh look! another rip off from Dota 2 lol. when is riot going to do something unique instead of getting ideas to make it more ""flashy"" like some other moba's already have?"
ah yes the falcon is definitely comparable in performance to this FlakPz I Gepard - The second and last of its name
"So it gets you higher? Think first...act second....! The undissolved lighter fuel is part of what you are inhaling and smoking. For a brief cigarette light the taste is brief and pleasant, for a ""RIP"" hit in a bong or pipe its the same as huffing gasoline. Think."
"Great police work. I don't have a hatred for cops and even thought about becoming one myself. After encountering cops from places other than where I live, I seriously changed my mind. My hometown cops are awesome. I mean, I'm sure they still do shitty things from time to time and people are going to have complaints, but my city is mostly drunk college students and elderly people. We haven't had a homicide in 6 years. There isn't much for them to do here. My first bad experience with a cop happened when I was about 19. I look really young for my age and now, even at 26, people still think I'm under 20. I had just pulled into the parking lot at work, which is in another state from where I live, and was putting some mascara on in the car. I noticed out of the corner of my eye there was a sheriff driving towards my car. I paused what I was doing to see what he was doing. There was only one other car in the parking lot at this point so I had no idea why he'd be driving towards me. I just kind of shrugged it off and went back to applying mascara. A few seconds later I get out of the car and the sheriff has pulled up next to me. He rolls down his window and says ""What are you doing?"" I just kind of looked at him, I mean, I'm wearing what is obviously a work uniform and I'm now standing in the parking lot of said employer. ""Um...going to work...?"" ""Oh. You work here?"" Pointing to the very big company logo on my shirt. ""Sure do."" ""What were you doing in your car just now?"" Confused, I say ""Driving to work and parking..."" ""I saw you had something pink up to your mouth and took it away when you saw me."" ""I was putting on mascara. I didn't have anything up to my mouth, but the tube is pink."" By this point I'm confused as to where this is going and getting mad that I'm being interrogated in plain sight of both my bosses and other co-workers. I've never been in trouble for anything and now I'm late for because of this idiot. He asks ""Are you sure you weren't smoking pot?"" I couldn't help but chuckle at this. First of, he'd have smelt it when I opened my car door and most likely seen some smoke roll out. Second, who in their right mind would get stoned in the empty parking lot of their employer? ""Yeah, I'm positive I wasn't. I can show you the mascara tube."" He tells me to show it to him so I get my make up bag out and pull out the only two pink mascara tubes I have. ""This doesn't look like what I saw."" At that point I was so exasperated. This dude is trying to tell me that he had correctly identified me smoking a bowl. From nearly a full parking lot away. A bowl that doesn't and hasn't ever existed. ""What would I find if I searched your car?"" ""Dirty work shirts, old shoes, and a lot of fast food bags. I'd really like to go to work. I'm kind of late now."" He stares at me like he's judging the truth behind my statement. ""Okay. Have a good day."" And he drives off. As I walk into work my manager asks ""What was that about?"" ""He thought I was smoking weed."" ""In the parking lot of where you work?"" ""Yeah."" Then both my managers had a good laugh at the thought of me being high and excused my lateness. I know it's nothing terrible, but I felt like total shit. In that area a kid who looks 16 would not be unlikely to be smoking pot or even meth. Drugs are a big problem there, but I know I was profiled just for being young. It sounds like stupid white privilege whining, but I still felt harassed and violated at the thought this sheriff was trying to catch me with a substance I've never even tried. Like what the fuck dude? There was no probable cause to even interrogate me and if I'd had different managers, they could have fired me for that shit. I don't at all disbelieve worse cops do worse stuff. Just had to get that off my chest. Profiling is a huge problem, and he right, it's not just minorities anymore. No one is exempt from it these days. Just cops looking to make a big bust and be a hero. TL;DR Don't hate cops, but after one shitty experience of profiling that wasn't even that bad, I see how some people could. It's a problem."
In all reality i would rather eat bacon every day then have a child Do we really need to start thinking about population control before we try to limit our meat consumption? If we ate half the amount we do now we could solve so many of the problems we have. I don't understand why people think that this is so impossible
"This'll be a good thread Sly whores of reddit , what is the best "" sympathy card "" you ever played and what did it get you ?"
"Yeah, they should have been put up in state-sponsored hotels for the rest of their lives for killing civilians in cold blood. Yes up until they were not a threat to anyone. They were then executed in cold blood by a police officer."
"Omarosa should be a hit with SJWs His list will include: His sister, his personal attorney, Sheriff Joe Arpaio, Sarah Palin, Judge Judy, and Omarosa."
For my money this is the single greatest Wrestlemania match of all time. Doink the Clown(heel) vs. Crush at Wrestlemania IX
"Doesn't matter bruh, still won the fight. Andre Ward learns about showboating..."
This has nothing to do with Islam Muslim groups attack Egyptian Copts over church honoring Christians killed by ISIS
i think he forgot the I think our fan base certainly has its share of critics who love a good knee-jerk reaction but I think the impatience and cynicism of RM supporters is far worse and far less sensible.
"They are job creators, we can't put them in prison. Health Executives Receive Only 9 Months in Prison for Killing 3 People"
"that's just whiterabbit, what are you talking about Lux Black Rabbit render (Literally the first render I made in like 2 months.)"
That 6 hours was a classic moment tho You linked a 6 hour video with no timestamp... go fuck yourself.
I tried stealing second base and ended up in a SAPR briefing. Second base.
but I would like to stress it wasn't racially motivated 50 Black guys attack 1 white guy
"Yeah, because countries define the people who live in them Got something against Germans?"
lets make zed even more useless in late game team fights... Riot should make an ap item with QSS
"Private Industry will self regulate The fact that there was an ""illegal dump"" that size blows my mind. Was there no one willing to enforce laws?"
"*pushes up glasses* Um actually fredbear caused the chomp of 83, not the bite of 87. A frontal lobe"
Phew lucky everyone loves my team being the center of the hockey universe and all Hey fuck you too buddy !
"that is why you put it on the icon with the little guy running! Having a good camera just makes things more complicated. He has to worry about shutter speed, aperture, etc. and be able to change them on the fly. It's not just point and click."
"Because you want more BS to turn away new players, yes? wish the supers needed input after the activation so if you get the timing wrong the super will not do max damage"
Itz nawt the religin it's just ignorince. Let me guess what religion they belong to...
"Saving energy for the playoffs. He's not declining, he's taking it easy on his body so that he can make a triumphant return to New England.^r^i^g^h^t^?"
uninstall dota pls nub I'm not falling for that! You just trying to get people to admit that they're noob!
That's the job of the Progressive Unionist Party So progressive.
"No no no cars are going to MEXICO... It's all the others jobs that China is taking haven't you heard Trump lately? Well, you gotta know what you are making"
"What's the reason? He has the Guardian pin, for obvious reasons..."
So which side are we choosing to win in popularity and game the system? Next NA Splatfest Announced - Rollercoasters VS Water Slides
"so he's blind right? Han Solo's and Kylo scene from the movie (Warning, Spoilers set to maximum)"
At least he asked for consent! Mmmm that's sexy may I suck on your tits if its ok with u
"Thank god we've got this champ here to show who and who isn't a ""real"" gamer. Fo sho."
Because bags once a year hurr durr Why the EQ over a solo or the Buddha?
"and now First wish has synergy with Pantheran! First wish is one of the best cards in the game though, so drawing a comparison ain't bad"
gg rito fix ur unplayable gaem intro bot quests too hard
If you read it first time does that mean you can read ar11? reading that last line was harder than reading ar11
"Who? Jesus after 91 games, they just stopped existing."
"All that can be done if you would main xing Check Twitter, order a pizza, call my Grandma, direct a movie, solve mathematical problems, earn a nobel peace prize, save the world from asteroids, infiltrate Russia, y'know the norm"
"Moyra2Benz wrote: Nah man I don't have a problem with minorities generally, just when they start being around me or talking or doing things that start reminding me that they exist and that I don't in fact live in an Aryan utopia. missandric wrote: It really grinds my gears when people aren't white and straight. Shittalk translations."
"Nice, now he find a job, where he earns more money then Cloud9 combined Sean Gares to cast ESEA ESLCS Pro League Finals!"
"it's possible - if he or she is ugly. Please elaborate, what about believing it's entirely possible for men to have a non sexual relationship with women makes me a hippy feminist?"
"That whopper was so good that he deliberately gave himself amnesia so he could experience the taste again. TIL that Benjamin Kyle, a man found unconscious behind the dumpster of a Burger King in 2004, is the only American citizen officially listed as missing despite his whereabouts being known. He has amnesia and doesn't remember who he is."
Only monkeys can fly. Because Zephyr is not a bird.
"yea no shit, that was super insightful. It doesn't matter what you want. It's what he wants to do with his money."
What is eight equals d? 8===D
You deserve every downvote you get I liked ep. 1 :(
"Yeah, they should make small tickers on a band instead. Fitbit CEO says Apple Watch 'wrong way' to approach wearables"
"How dare you say Saddam did anything effectively! Honestly, Saddam Hussein nailed coups... 1979. Don't get me wrong he's evil and hopefully rotting in hell, but that fucker knew how to purge and make it seem like he was doing the morally right thing. It was far easier to hide the truth in 1979 than it is today. So, if Erdogan did stage this then he's got purging down to a science."
"Sounds like paradise. That conclusion is quite escapable. Imagine a country where if found with drugs you would be sentenced to death. No hesitation, just the noose. The country's drug use would be very low if existent all. Fortunately this paradise does exist..It's Singapore! The drug laws clearly do work here... So consider your conclusion ESCAPED!"
I can confirm the ebook seems to have avoided this problem. Faded Pages
"Calling him/her a ""yes"". What we did wrong that we caused Mangle's suicide?!"
"women dont have a message button. Maybe they're just ridiculously, ridiculously shy."
"Yeah, screw big screens and surround sound! Yeah, when it comes to VR I just can't see many people wanting to spend the extra $200-300 and being unaware of their surroundings for an extended period of time..."
"Out of sheer gratitude for his outstanding loyalty, obviously. Why would they give him a raise if he tells them he'll stay regardless?"
"Hey guys, we should tone down the game for the weak tummies! Star Citizen would be great in VR... if they can solve the nausea problems Hello players personally i havent played the game i have only seen game play, but i think this would make an amazing edition to HTC Vive VR since the vive lets you move around allowing you to feel less nauseous, what do you think?"
Because being able to defend yourself is such a horrible thing. Go back to Ohio. We don't want you.
"Jokes on you, cheese is orange You just feel like the most badass snake that gets a new appearance through peeling its skin. The sadness though when you realize you are still white as cheese underneath"
"You did solve a hunger problem as well though. Ah man, Ethiopia didn't do anything wrong."
forgot PSA: Enjoying yourself at an event is not cringe to all the 12 year olds in the chat
"OH MY GOD YOU MODS ARE SO BAD HOW DO YOU NOT HAVE A SPLYCE FLAIR YET Flairs for all teams that qualify will be coming, fear not."
Thats rape i wouldn't blame shit. i'd just do it and leave
"Goddamnit guys, everything is in column A or column B. ""actual liberal"" votes with democrats democrats are liberals he is a democrat"
"You are obviously a bigot, racist, and a homophobe. Same people will also say that we spend more on defense than education. Even though we spend $400+ billion more on education than defense."
Because suicides are only committed with guns. The most preventable are suicides but they can't be stopped unless people don't have guns.
But this is from loony Alex Jones so it's not at all credible. BREAKING: Vote Shaving Software Discovered Nation Wide
I adore her I couldn't give less of a fuck about Mary Steenburgen.
No Na isn't THAT bad right?
ios version pls? Android is in development as well :)
"Ah yes, much more reasonable I thought the original rumor said that they paid in nickels not pennies. If I'm remembering that correctly."
"Damn wimminfolk, dragging men down! Sometimes I read the comments and Idk why.."
THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO DRINK PABST ARE HIPSTERS. **OMG A HIPSTER-BASHING JOKE EVERYONE UPVOTE**
"the ""poor choice"" not to work herself to death for someone else's benefit. What poor life choices did she make? I wasn't able to discern any obvious ones from that article. Besides, she hasn't used it for 18 years continuously, so let's not misrepresent the facts. She used it intermittently over an 18 year period. Indeed, there was at least one multi year period of non use. That's what the social safety net is for: to catch you before you hit the ground. A drop of prevention and all that..."
The concern that Breitbart has for members of the Democratic Party running for office is truly touching. Hillary Clinton Could Drag Down Democrat Ticket
"Inflation dude ""Obesity isn't an epidemic"""
You forgot this: Is this a troll? Saitama doesn't touch Goku.
"I'm an experienced SimCity player and I can tell you all of that work should only take a few days. The $18.99 million project includes the replacement of five bridges, construction of a new bridge, turning lane construction, roadway reconstruction, signal upgrades, lighting, sidewalk and drainage improvements, CCTV cameras and stream bank restoration. Additionally, utility relocation, demolition and jug handle work are currently underway. That's a lot of work."
"Well, it is impossible to be an attractive woman and anything other than a whore. Grandma's quite rude!"
When they update the game. When is the update coming out? When? can't wait to start COC again :#
"Subtle racism, love it Is this what white people do with their free time?"
Mods being great again. Fucking bullshit that this stuff is getting removed.
"But I'm an engineer and I claim what you're saying would never happen (despite the fact I won't tell you what type of engineer I am and what companies I've worked for, nor what role I played in them.) I'm hoping they get into Planned Obsolescence in Apple Products. This is not a tin foil hat conspiracy theory."
"Jim Plunkett won with Oakland, and then again with Los Angeles. Yup. Even if he gets a 5th. No one ever won as a starting QB for 2 teams right? Why not fight for that too."
"He was supposed to let her speak and stop silencing trans voices, of course! I'm not even a fan of Obama, but he did the right thing. What was he supposed to do?"
Yea because it is too farfetched that Rebels would like to imperials. I've got a minor gripe with Rogue One (R1 spoilers)
"Sent this in, got accepted twice! Deferred, looking for help!"
"Well I mean you said it's connected to a Schiit so... This. I have Sennheiser HD 598, connected to a Schiit Magni 2. Positional audio is absolutely shit."
"Because ""Hilary can't focus on trump"" as if that's a real concern, if Hillary has it so tied up why would it hurt her have Bernie still in the race, after all Americas overwhelming choice is obviously Hillary Instead of praising Sanders for his resilience and respect for his supporters, for praising him to continue with what I can only imagine is one of the hardest and exhausting jobs in the country at his age, for continuing to use the platform he has now to get his message out and build a progressive movement and address thise fundamental issues that no one else haa before, the Clintonites here are gleefully dismissing him and his supporters. It's like Yankee fans ridiculing fans of smaller clubs because they don't have a chancel of winning the world series. Kind of pathetic to be honest. How about fighting the fight till the end and gather as many delegates as you can? It just gies to show how mist of her supporters (on here at least) are not about the issues but about the political game. He has lost and therefore should just drop out. Why? Is it negatively affecting your lives if he stays in?"
"It's tradition. Actually come to think about it this is not the first time United has done something similar. Fergie in his later years was never known for unearthing and developing exceptional young talents, and whatever talents that were there (Pique, Rossi, Pogba) United just gave away for basically nothing."
"You should make a ticket for customer support! Valve could you please do some modern changes to Steam? Like putting better video player in store, better in-game steam overlay and better browser in it. It's feels like getting too old. Steam Big Picture was something pretty cool looking thing and I think you guys can do something like this for desktop users with same layout with what we're using right now . Please just don't be afraid to come out with new things."
**IS** you are retarded? What the hell **are** wrong with these people?*
"Can we post his Social Security number? PSA for all of the new people. Don't post any pictures of Scott's wife, his kids, his house, or anything else that Scott didn't willingly allow. Recently, people have been posting pictures of his family, and a few weeks ago someone posted his house. This will result in a ban. Don't be creepy folks."
TIL that rattlesnakes are the second most dangerous snake in the world Top ten most dangerous snakes in the world
Kevin White went from 1st rounder to Duke AD in one year. Danny White named next UCF AD. Currently serves as AD at buffalo. He's the son of Duke AD Kevin White.
"CLG Pobelter confirmed? They Doubted him, THE YUNG POB"
"No, the Japanese own everything in America now They failed to mention that Americans hold over 80% of the US debt."
"So what you're saying is to do 1/8 squats? Worth mentioning, your vmo is only really doing any work in the last portion of the movement. Meaning, focus on the last phase of straightening your leg out. Best way to isolate it is to get on a leg extension machine. Twist your legs slightly so that your feet point outwards slightly, and focus on partial reps for the last 20 %of the motion range"
Does she know Neil Degrasse Tyson? My sister is a cosmetologist. A client asked for her hair to be colored pink fading to purple. I think my sister did a awesome job!
"Common scrub, buy packs to get your bench deep enough to complete it! Lol doable. You obviously haven't seen the battles I've been up against."
"Yeah, it would be so good if everyone was as greedy and had morals as low as the guys at the top. It is a business, the main goal of a business is to do the best they can. Maybe if more 99%ers did the best they can without expecting the corporate handout, the world would be better off."
but #10 shouldn't be worn again! Cody Franson will wear No. 44 for the Preds and Mike Santorelli will wear No. 10.
"TIL Buzz Aldrin is dead Truely a great father, husband, and astronaut. RIP Buzz, you were an inspiration to us all."
"Cause he's a racist, right? Captivating but lost me at ron paul."
"Yeah he would be broken beyond mesurment, release vayne/xin levels of broken Legit this would make bard op. Warding with that much safety is pretty dumb."
"Yeah, that would have turned out great... They should have just shot them."
"Correct haha should have made it obvious and put I think the "":P"" is the sign that they knew the reference."
"Would you liked hear about your lord and savior, menstrual cup? Have you ever tried using a menstrual cup at night?"
"Yes, GoPro's have automatic pan and tilt... Might have been a GoPro."
"He sings left handed, but was given a microphone for right handed people. What's his excuse for Octopuses Garden"
"Isn't it obvious the boy anticipated the next round of the AK and played dead immediately after receiving a shot to the chest? Actually the general consensus on most YouTube comments was that he 'faked' getting shot, then got up a few seconds later to fool the shooters. Which when you think about it is probably even more ridiculous, you'ld have to be extremely brave and cunning (and stupid) to fake getting shot like that, the adrenaline should be too high to come up with ideas like that."
"Na, it would shrink the area of the field he can get the defense into PI traps. Joe Flacco GOAT?"
"Pfft, it's basically just penicillin. Throw out moldy bread, too-- it's porous and the mold spreads quickly. This is only a good method on dry, *dense* foods like hard cheese."
"...but everything changed when the fire nation attacked? Tine world's industrial revolution brought to an iron age culture by a starship from a civilization on the edge of singularity. Long distance communication went from letters carried by traveling packs to satellite video within a couple of member's lifetimes, and Argent was one of those courier packs once upon a time."
It's great that they added more mechanical cows though. They actually redid the ride this year and took that song out. A lot of people were pissed about it
"Woah buddy, better slow down with the roids there. This kind of makes me rage a little bit"
"If you can't setup a home server to avoid FOIA requests and reduce transparency, then who would ever want to be secretary of state... the accountability would be too stressful! Clinton Aide Bryan Pagliano Invokes 5th Amendment More Than 125 Times"
"Have you seen how skimpy it looks, he was basically asking for it! How does wearing a hat jeopardize his safety?"
"Good job, Stuxnet Mk.II. ""Huge explosion"" heard in Iranian city of Isfahan, home to Iran's nuclear programmes site"
"But private capital is a social construct! Venezuela is a great case study on what happens when the unqualified sieze the means of production from the qualified. Back in the 70s, Oil was nationalized in Venezuela so as to divert Oil profits into social programs instead of using it to continue to maintain and expand the Oil businesses. Now, Venezuela's production capacity has dwindled sue to their inability to provide proper upkeep to their vehicles of production. Their best engineers left to the US en masse. Nobody knows how to fix their shit that breaks, or they do, but they cant afford it because the central government cant afford to fix it. So, revenues continue to shrink, while more people become impoverished because they cant work a job, so they get on government welfare. Revenue generation converts to expense generation between 1 generation."
You dropped this: To be fair I would throw a baby out in the snow if he mock voted for Trump.
"oh yeah that's about as great as being told, ""I have to love you, BUT I don't have to like you"" Don't you just love that ""I love you EVEN THOUGH you're a brat"". Gee thanks, that means a lot."
"Their child is not a neighbor, so it's different. they missed the whole love they neighbor thing huh."
like they did with trist right saving it for her VU/Rework 100%
Much easier than just not killing people. Utah reinstates death by firing squad. Governor signs bill amid nationwide shortage of lethal injection drugs
"But ""Sky"" is a legal contrivance.. not like ""sky"" would be. Anyone that confuses Sky and Skype is a retard."
"Thank God we still have Steve Harvey, not sure what will happen to the world once he's gone. I wish religious people like him were more common. I don't know if it made him a better person or not. But it was an important part of him."
"Very happy, that's why it's fenced in. ""happy"" whatever you say man"
HURDUR then explain why this winter was so cold you dumb scientist I'm a climate scientist. That is all.
When you smell poop. Will staring at this ever get old?
No you're being racist Isn't defiling and removing statues and other tributes of people you don't like (and/or you find offensive) what... terrorists.. do?
That's less cinematic! *frame rate goes from 24 to 30*
EA remembers when he did in Middle School lol Hey remember when Ogden played RT? Me neither. Good job EA.
"You must be in the same neighborhood as me, since one person's personal experience with one week of beta testing has proven beyond the shadow of a doubt that they don't exist anywhere but where you and I presumably are. I caught a Lickitung yesterday"
"Take your cis assumptions elsewhere shitlord! Isn't that obvious though? With the name Paula, she is hardly going to be the men's world record holder."
"And you guys are totally getting him in 2021! Oh, team Canada gon' be stacked soon!"
"Yes, their entire lives should be wholly devoted to NMS now. I am more concerned that one of the main programmers at Hello Games is travelling in Greece and at a conference, instead of working on the game. I guess they feel the pressure is off. : ("
"Oh yeah, no shit, damn everytime I see a cop hes fucking shooting at me. The alternative is admitting we pay a gang to 'protect' us, and they occasionally end up shooting us for no reason. It's too threatening to our sense of safety."
"Thanks, Obamacare. That's what my doctor told me at least. He said that's why he needs to make me feel better :-("
Just another lie to add to the list... You truly live up to your nickname: woody the wolf! Kyle is going to go down as a legend for not reacting. Most of the world will never know he was on some other web site waiting for us to finish.
It probably mutated with all the radiation and such Where can I buy a grenade resistant door in this Earth planet?
Aethists is what you mean Esthetics :/
Can I substitute goats with sheeps in front of the Apple Store in the next few days? Sony Z5 goat test
"Definitely worse than #gapisclosing featured team like tsm and then fans crying for letting them down again one more time. Getting out of the consolation prize group into the ""here's your medal for trying"" quarterfinals. Most impressive."
Pushpak New to bollywood please help me Hi i am south indian and new to bollywood. Please give me a list of quality bollywood movies i need to see. thanks.
But communism. I still can't believe that a country that thinks itself to be the most advanced and progressive in the world would allow a citizen to be ruined for life due to a medical emergency. It's honestly barbaric.
"No, because remember, only women have suffered from sexual abuse throughout human history, never men! Don't you mean forcing ANYONE to have sex with you?"
"If you didn't pay $30 for it, it's not an expansion. Cantha and Elona in the same patch!!"
"Just another example of how OP monks are Stumble upon this when I was fishing, never knew Monks could do this !"
"Totally agree, we shouldn't have self-driving cars because of nuclear war When are self driving cars are a really bad thing? I came to think that when society breaks down, like after earthquakes and tsunamis that destroys or hides the roads, or where you need to flee over fields, or nuclear war that knocks out the GPS system with EMP pulses, it will be really bad to have cars that are *only* self driving and can only follow the traffic laws. Anyone has other examples where you would at least need a ""drive by wire manual override joystick"" to manage?"
"What, you treat them like regular people? Ok, thanks for explaining this. I know trans people in real life, but I didn't know this because it's not something we talk about."
"Come on 30+ million vs 1+ million, that's like the difference between five and six Comparing California to New Hamshire? Do you not think there might be other variables involved? Like, um, people?"
They would vote for Donald Trump! What if unicorns exist?
"Maybe to other three got really depressed about the first one. 4 odd ""suicides"" in one week in the financial industry. Yeah, totally normal event. NOT."
"Good thing a vehicle can never do as much damage as a firearm. Truck crashes into Bastille Day crowd in Nice, France"
"To be fair, they never found the original book. The Princess Bride"
It's when Jigglypuff's shield pops and she flies off the screen. Oh ok thanks! I thought it was a move jigglypuff did but didn't catch lol
Jesus can nobody take a joke on this giving website without an Well pin a rose on your nose!
My opinion does matter. You missed the sarcasm. The way you wrote it makes it sound like your opinion about it somehow matters a d he made fun of that. Or you. That depends.
"Yes, because mana syrm totally needs a buff. With Book Wyrm being classified as a Dragon, Mana Wyrm should receive the same treatment. Before the argument was wyrm =/= dragon, but with the released of Book Wyrm thats changed. This would make sense from a clarity standpoint, and also be a great buff to Dragon Mage."
I thought red bull were the only team that doesnt follow the spirit of the regulations? New camera mounts on the Mercedes at the final test.
"No no no, you have to be granted permission to pay for the food and services. I'm about as socially awkward as they come and even I dont have a problem with this. Ask for the fucking bill people."
But its a moral disaster! North Carolina Diverts $500K From Disaster Relief Fund To Defend Anti-LGBT House Bill 2
Well this doesn't sound like insider trading. Peter Sutherland is very lucky. Peter Sutherland - Goldman Sachs International Chairman - liquidated more than half of its BP holdings just before the April oil spill. Peter Sutherland stepped down from his post as BP chairman last December.
"Wow, such deep philosophy. HAHA somewhat truth"
Did it overheat? Driving a Model S P85D in Forza 6 around Long Beach Grand Prix
"They""re* LET THEIR BE LIGHT"
"You know I was discussing the negroid and their time preferences at my local, white male only, ancap, thursday brunch, and we came to much the same conclusion. An anarcho-capitalist intellectual discusses race with Jesus."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HILARIOUS! Imagine meeting your hero and competing against him eight years later RIO
"Have you met his grand pappy? Right, but why does he want to emulate his grand pappy?"
"Man, don't come at me with logical reasoning like that...this is rivalry smack! The insult wasn't the institution, but the method. MWC champ vs 6th selection from the Pac10. That USC team was 6-6 (but was loaded with NFL talent) and BSU was only selected because the P10 did not have enough teams to fill that spot. BSU was great that year and arguably should have been in another BCS game after finishing 11-1. As MWC torch-bearers, Utah fans watched the matchup selection each year. Again, much respect for the programs that played, but the selection always resulted in MWC top program vs the Pac10's last option."
Oh yes I'm sure you're the only one. Am I the only one who doesn't like Kevin Hart?
"that would really show Harper I swear, if Harper wins again because of this I'm gonna personally go give isis a piece of my mind, and hopefully some lead"
"Yeah, this guy making funny jokes.. soooo annoying... See, thats whats wrong with this subreddit. You have people that want to help people with anything that they are unaware of but then the comments are full of sarcastic people like you."
"But it's a peaceful religion! Taliban stops a convoy of minibuses traveling through western Afghanistan, questioned the passengers, then pulled all the Shiites into the road and shot them dead."
"Well submitting bug reports on the forums is improving the game sooo much. To be fair, reddit might not be the right place for bug reports."
Phil Jones has been injury free for weeks now mate. One of our own had a risky surgery with a chance of death. He survived.
"but poker was around in the wild west days... I think you have the history backward. I'm pretty sure poker players (in the late 90's early 00's) took the term from pinball which had the tilt feature since the early 80's. I've played a ton of both poker and video games going back to the 80's and never heard tilt used in poker until the start of the WSOP boom. Before ""tilt"" a lot of poker players referred to the same phenomenon as ""steaming"""
I sure hope the IMF will be alright without the money they were owed! Greece debt crisis: Eurozone rejects bailout appeal
"By not having the ""be a bitch"" syndrome like yourself A question for all the posters here: How did you discover that subreddit?"
"What's the difference? That only happened on Reddit, not real life."
I guess we should remove all door locks then You can get through door locks if you're determined enough.
"I'm sure HRC would sponsor something, get her best people on it or something. I was not talking about assassination but a coup or something...."
lol yeah fuck the constitution! lol rednecks so mad
Yea or maybe they need an extra time for an extreme huge patch Tldr: we couldn't bother with any patch so we just extended the operation to make it look like we are doing something.
I only use vim because I can't figure out how to close it i bet you code without vim too
It's sym*bology*. please tell me there's symbolism
LOL 4CHAN XD BUT I'LL NEVER GO THERE BECAUSE ITS SCARY. Y face after thinking 4chans mlp board was sfw
She is a girl soooooooooooo How come Taliyah is barely played now
White people don't matter Hopefully once Trump is president racist shit like this ends.
Bitches don't know that I love this song. Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up - YouTube
"Yeah, but you didn't do those while strapped, so forget it. Can confirm. I surfed and skied in one day last year"
"SAVING TAX DOLLARS. Don't rat on gangsters, but hire more police to fight crime. Got it."
No he told you them because they only show T1 They show tier twelve gear?
"Those damn pilots, nonners man, I swear. I've never considered SF to be nonners. To me, if your workcenter closes for holidays/family days, you're a nonner."
Nooo Neji *had* to survive until later to bring Naruto and Hinata closer together! Sasuke Retrieval did the same thing for Neji and Choji.
"But they added the chin cleft too! I agree, I just wish he looked like Patrick Stewart, shaving someone's head doesn't make them look the same."
"Wonder how many butch women turned gay men straight Fem guys, have you ever turned a ""straight"" guy gay? I saw a few videos on masculine gay men supposedly hooking up with straight men and hey, I suppose it could happen, why not? But with how feminine gay men aren't usually attractive to most gay masculine men, would a fem gay guy be successful trying a straight guy? I mean, Masculine gay men are repulsed by femininity in men but would a straight guy like femininity in a man? If you're a fem gay guy, have you ever done this?"
"Not 60 fps=shit. The first ever advert in moving pictures, 1897"
"She needs attention, leave her alone! It's usually text conversations between a socially awkward guy and a girl who keeps egging the guy on and then claims it's cringy"
They're censoring the artistic expression of man Lots of art is labeled NSFW. HR won't care whether it's art or not.
Oh yeah because you know Call of Duty before Modern Warfare never had any snow levels especialy not during the Soviet missions The way new games are made
"Dude idk, it says the astros are the home team on the ticket, who cares that Houston is 1,000 miles away from Milwaukee and Chicago is less than 100 away, Astros are the home team. The joke was that it was really a Cubs home game."
And obviously if you take the electronics apart to learn about them you're purposefully trying to scare people! If you dismantle my dashboard it's just a box full of wires. All electronics are essentially just boxes of wires.
"You are right, fuck it, lets just not bother trying. 4oC will produce famine and much death."
"Ugh spoiler alerts, people...jeez This picture is terrifying. (For anyone who is confused this picture is referencing tomorrow's open haus)"
"Hey now, this was an honest effort and I take offense to you deeming it a shitpost Quality shitpost, Levi."
"It's your fault for not warding enemy base when your carry wants to dive T4 towers 1v5. As a support player this is mainly the case. Game does well, ""commend support"". But when things go south ""report support pls. hes noob"". Its a knife edge. Especially when the core solo chases without warning after the other team into their jungle gets killed and blames supports for not helping like some personal bodyguard."
"Well, atleast he apologized. Just... no comment."
"Grrr damn those evil westerners! This is clearly racism and western imperialism bullying. It's part of Japanese culture to eat whales and dolphins , they've been doing it since people figured out how to kill other animals for food. Why don't we all stop eating animals period. No more cows , chickens , pigs , fish. Only Then it'd be fair."
Oh that's it movie ruined Suicide Squad Officially Earns PG-13 Rating
"I don't attack vorago unless it is reflecting, then I use tsunami from the adren built up from defensive abilities What is your vorago p1 and p2 rotation?"
Same thing Merida is Scottish though...
Never knew you had to be good in order to post on this sub. U call this shit art
Still get the same fps as you do on normal settings what happens if you click play
But the 18+ players arn't playing Professional CoD either The introduction of the CWL seems like professional CoD will no longer be played by under 18s. Unfortunate it's a franchise thing.
Get out of here you entitled socialist! If only Congress wasn't going to spend 85.4 billion dollars in Afghanistan next year...
"Sure, he did, but we all know Didn't he came out as straight?"
"I'm SURE this is the case... This kid uses it to beat other kids, apparently."
"You forgot about ACORN! The IRS didn't target the Tea party, and there's no scandal about Benghazi. You need to widen your sources of information."
Just buy one from them If you're going to get pissy about the type of plane used when making *Top Gun* references you're going to have to go to Iran because that's the only country where they exist outside of museums now.
"But what's the point in rescuing the dog if nobody sees it? This! Seriously, fuck your shot. Just grab the damn dog and have it be done with. They could have had him second shot instead of fuckin around and letting the poor dog get exhausted."
"And voters need to own land and be working, if you don't pay taxes why should you be allowed to vote. The voting age needs to be 30 ffs."
"Yeah, abortion of all those black babies was how 42nd street and Times Square got cleaned up. I loaned my copy to a friend, so I can't provide an exact quote, but that chapter includes a long disclaimer about how he doesn't think that's the only or even biggest factor, rather that it's important to consider a myriad of potential influences on a situation before saying Guiliani (or abortion) were directly responsible for the drop in crime."
"Yeah, we need Facebook to buy MoYu. Now we just need to get Facebook to buy whatever company makes those cubes to really piss him off."
"Idk man, he has been on fire these past couple weeks as long as Shonn Greene doesn't get 71 points in a standard non-ppr yahoo league, I'm good."
"I'm tired of the hate for these lieutenants, these are your leaders, you all need to show them more respect right now. A few good ones (Meme Dump)"
You seem like a really nice guy. umm yeah so first off if you cheat your a piece of shit. Add that to the fact that she obviously didnt care about her apparently strict workplaces rules and all i have to say is Bravo dude the bitch got what she deserved. Now if only i could find a way to do that to my cheating cunt of an EX unfortunately she gets fucked up with her coworkers and boss so they probably wouldnt do anything.
"Wait, that explains UBoats! Yea, its a thing. U is for underwater. Since these people need them on land there's no need for the accessories the U brings."
It's a FILM I apologize. I didn't mean to imply that it's only a movie. You're right. It's much more than a movie.
"Obviously from the two years before your console's planned obsolescence kicks in and it self-destructs by choking on dust five minutes after the warranty runs out. I was wondering where the $100 came from, not how cheap the online cost is."
"You have an optic flair your opinion is completely invalid So if I have a a different flair from optic I must hate them, weird....."
"sed Support for find and replace isn't an especially good reason to use vim. If all you want is find and replace, you'd probably be better off with something that's more user friendly."
Maybe this one is a secret Democrat? So.. don't trust a Russian unless one of them says they had contact with a presidential candidate.. Got it.
"Yes, because all guys are against abortion and their opinion shouldn't matter even if they're fathering the potential child. Totally true story about a class debate! You'll never guess her response!"
"Because making money is *always* directly related to how good a movie is. loved Terminator Genisys, it grossed $440 million Worldwide, the whole world liked it--by contrast, Ghostbusters will be the most embarrassing movie of the decade"
Combines my two favorite things: smug superiority and comparing myself to nazis Who cares about graphics!?
"Yeah, my sister totally shouldn't have a gun because at 110 pounds she can fight off a rapist just as easily as this large, male bouncer fought off a gunman. Gif of a bouncer absolutely wrecking a gunman coming into the bar. Can someone help me, I thought people were powerless without a gunman on their side?!?"
Well she didn't INTEND to do it so obviously it's totally all right. Pentagon: Hillary Clinton Should Be Arrested For Leaking Top Secret Nuclear Intelligence on National TV
Just like the original from quake or the Hero's Tail from the Witcher or the Arkham Cowl from Batman or the Dayjogger from Blade or the Dadliest Catch from Octodad or the Alien Cranium from Alien Well technically you already have this... but it's not in TF2 it's in OW. Lets keep it there.
top half Just wondering where do you guys think Paul George ranks in the NBA right now.
Yeah I would hate for white people's feelings to get hurt when discussing racism :/... Didn't you know? Hate is A-OK if you're spewing hatred towards white people!
"Too many water orbs, this post is a travesty Board changer behaved as was expected"
"But it is so ugly, best pull it down New wind farm set to power almost 50,000 Canberra homes"
Wow sounds like you'd be a great dad I work at a law firm. If that was my kid I would take a day off of work just to whoop him. I would take lunch breaks in between ass whoopings.
"But apple knows what you want better than you do, ALWAYS. Faster, but not unlimited... So in some senses that's still helpful. They should probably put some option somewhere to deactivate it, if you do want to skip the limit and you know what you're doing"
"Parody! Whenever I see a shirt like this, the only thing I notice is the whole copyright infringement of the whole thing. Damn you law school."
"Good idea though, but will use a less valuable machine! Or plug it in for 4th of July."
"It's not like WotC makes other games besides Magic. Oh no, a Wizards employee who is trying to learn to game that his company makes? Better shame him on Reddit! Seriously, not cool."
"[I think I enjoyed arnie in total recall more, though T2 is a better film overall] Terminator 2. It's pretty much the best action movie."
I had thought so but your incredible counter arguments have convinced me otherwise. Is it?? Inescapable eh??
"Pfff, who wants to swing for 5 on turn 2 ? Yeah. Sadly, a lot of players don't understand this - I actually played with someone at an FNM last week who said Pornothopter wasn't a valid target because it was already a creature. So aggrevating."
To benefit from hackers Why is your comp rank based on team performance and not individual performance?
"Yep, THIS is what's wrong in the world. When i heard Kim Kardashians video game made 200 million dollars as a free game on apple"
"I love to feel the wormness of pee, not going to lie... He said he dreamed about me, but I literally have no clue who he is"
"Well, obviously we don't have enough guns in the hands of enough people yet. US with 5 percent of the world's population has nearly third of world's mass shootings"
"Wait, you mean playing with toys marketed to the other gender WON'T turn kids into sexually-deviant gay MONSTERS? Must be the kind of people who insist on frilly Princess pink outfits for their daughters and macho blue only outfits for their sons. Because anything else will turn the spawn gay."
"That PT Cruiser can take all three of those cars easy. ""Cool Viper.. Oh shit."""
I thought the Hawks were a part of the 2009 expansion? :( Reminds me of 07 hawks.
"Yeah that's why I like to grope women in public, it's not like I'm penetrating them right? Unless your getting penetrated, female on male rape is pretty fucking ridiculous. I don't see how a woman basically throwing herself on you is going to cause any serious traumatization. If it does, you're probably a total pansy."
It's nice to see they learned a lesson from the Facebook IPO. Pinterest valued at $2.5 billion
"Nuh uh, that's ad hominem, mods, ban this guys You're using a red herring argument. I win."
"He didn't call her an uppity n[.....], so it's obviously not a racist comment, just political hyperbole. Calling the first black First Lady a ""gorilla"" is a bit over the level of casual racism."
buys the company and later kills it off An extremely useful and well loved product? You know what Microsoft does with those.
"BRAH HIS LEAN BMI IS ONLY 45 THATS TOTALLY ACHIEVABLE NATTY AT 80 YEARS OLD Incoming ""hardwork defense squad"" to tell you he's actually natty."
"at least the jackets fit Me and my crew mate suiting up and infiltrating a Halloween Party. Many bags of candy were secured... Shhh, don't tell The Dentist."
Everything belongs to the US. Sorry if stupid question but why does a company need approval from the US to land on the moon; Does it belong to the US or something?
Time for another medium roasting of an entitled millennial. Letter of Resignation from the Palo Alto Planning and Transportation Commission
"But how am I meant to farm Aghanims/Refresher on shadow shaman if I have to buy wards and courier? I wish everyone thought this way (except the hard carries, but even then if no ones buying them..)"
"Man, I love how approachable and user-friendly Firefox is. even better: * about:config * extensions.checkcompatibility * false"
Who wouldn't want a holiday in Cambodia? Nauru asylum seekers sew lips shut in protest over Cambodia transfer
I still support my local blacksmith's union. The way cars messed up the horse and buggy industry.
"Oh yes just a Kenyan and he was going to ""have his lawyers find him out"" my bad that is a lot better I don't seem to remember Trump saying that Obama was a Muslim. See, this is why I can't help but want to have Trump win. You guys are freaking delusional."
"LOL so bad xdd HaahHAHha uninstall Guy gets shot down 4 times by same player, gloriously mature conversation ensues."
"Someone tried to write like somebody else and I don't like it. Morrison doing a bad Moore impression. Moore doing a bad Siegel impression. Blah, blah, blah , blah , blah."
Iowa State: 2-10 Unless we win today. What do you project as the final record for your team?
two years ago he was acting Will Smith is poor? Wasn't he in the 12-13 sack range two years ago?
"Meanwhile, on the other side of town I had an outage for a couple hours last night because TWC is the best provider ever. Ultra fast internet service launches in S.A."
I think the real thing we can take from this is that jungle is so easy that you can just not be at your computer half the time and still get first blood. How to ADC and Jungle at the same time by Quantic Hai!
"No. Would you uck me? (Better pics if I get a positive response, first post - be nice please!)"
"because an a military response is the best idea I just heard these ""ranchers"" are pulling up federal land fences and going through federal documents"
that was the joke mate do i really have to do speaking of common misconceptions...
"""Hashtag activism"" is totally pointless and never accomplishes anything. Ice bucket challenge expedites timeline of a clinical drug trial for ALS by two years."
"#oscarssowhite So... They blamed the worst nigerian accent ever not getting him an oscar on racism, who are they going to blame this on ?"
De oplossing tegen zinloos geweld tegen NS personeel is om gewoon iedereen een reden te geven om ze te haten zodat het geweld niet meer zinloos is! Mijn oren deden pijn :(.
This is funny every single time anyone ever brings up a dog. ...Colby?
"What a glorious new age twitch ushered in GP SLC round 14 audio muted by Twitch for ""copyrighted audio"" - seriously?"
"you forgot the Praise, Be Gaben"
"""Can we do that peanut butter thing again?"" If your pet suddenly started talking, what is the first thing they would say?"
The GOP saving us from peace and prosperity again. Paul Ryan Commits To Fighting Rule That Extends Overtime Protection To Millions Of Workers
Source? What? It says there was one incorrect call for each team.
"If you can't beat someone standing up, you don't deserve to win. Tell me a better way to beat the guy with the best stand up in the ufc?"
"Just offer me a free eye or two... Not to mention that almost everyone is really bad at comprehending probabilities. For example, suppose a group of biochemists want to test a drug that they believe have a 0.004%-0.3% chance of causing serious, permanent vision damage. A thousand people volunteer, each individually estimating that their chance of any complications is essentially zero (if you're optimistic, you basically have greater than 10,000-to-1 odds that nothing bad will happen to you). So when two of them end up blind, they're going to be very upset, because in their mind you basically told them that they would be fine, even though statistically this was an expected outcome."
but why cant you beat it faster? You sound like one grumpy Gus.
"Yes, internet drama is more important than hardware quality! I'm glad I saw this. My wife an I are due to switch cell phones tomorrow. We both had HTCs and were quite happy with it. That said I won't be considering an HTC tomorrow and will convince her not to either. Thanks"
Yeah because there exists a setup than can push anywhere near that Gotta be 144hz too
"You don't have kids, you wouldn't understand Telling people to control their goddamn kids. If your kid is acting like an asshole in public, I should be able to tell you it's unacceptable. But no, I'm a tyrant because I told you it's probably not good that your kid is climbing the shelves in the supermarket."
"He's not a dead beat dad, he's just temporarily down on his luck. When did dead beat dads start speaking for real Americans?"
"Might as well let him kill some innocent people first Yeah, I'm definitely in the latter camp here. That's not funny and not healthy. D:"
"Join my city-state! Since factions were due a while ago, I guess I will just be a faction leader. Who should I join?"
Does that mean that Wilson will become a deep ball thrower? Warner announced as Seahawks QB coach.
ONG FONNTIME TOY SPRINGTRAP CONFIRED OMG OMG OMG TRAILER 2 IS OUT!!!111!!!!one!!!!111!!
"They are trying to be edgy, how are you try to ruin it! When I tried to reply to a guy who said he liked girls without makeup in such a way to be polite, but not put him down, and still get downvotes."
u cant even spell way correctly u faking morron someone is taking stuff wayy too serious..
"Pssss, his swing arm isn't even extended, must not be real. Dave Chappelle on his R1200, he's an avid rider!"
"Anything less than this is ""casual"" you no life it with a premade and farm Alex Normal or you run fractal over and over and over with a premade."
Studies have shown studying math and english also enhance abilities in math and english. Teaching kids philosophy makes them smarter in math and English
"Oh, that makes it worth the price for sure! It was designed by BMW"
I'm sure he'll thank me for them later in life. Now imagine your son 15-17 years old looking at these photos and face palming.
"Pics or GTFO I used to use the red lion warrior cape, grave warden leggings, hexer's gloves, and bellkeeper's helm. Not very protective, but extremely cool looking."
"They would have forced them to move to Lents! Frankly, if it means keeping MM around another 30 years, then PDC should have chipped in on this."
He was a Republican so he must have been a terrible president right? Learn your history
Lizards Cmon that guy doesn't even look human
But then it would be pay to lose I'm going to make a game where you have to pay to play non-white races.
"but the palestinians are the terrorists, right? Immediately after the dawn prayers, Israeli security forces raided the mosque from Al Magharibah and Al Silsilah gates, attacking Palestinians inside with tear gas bombs, sound bombs and rubber-coated bullets."
"And thats why we tell the truth kids! Tennessee School Bus Driver Pleads Guilty to Raping Student, Will Serve No Jail Time"
"look how well that worked. Yeah, to prevent the populace from voting in a demagogue."
see how the media has made the population loose their trust in the police? Caught on camera: Florida police get physical
well santa isn't real so this fatass is lying Boy says he was fat-shamed by Santa
"So the game encourages you to be a better player,whats wrong with that? Well obviously a better player would know how to use his passive more effectively in different situations but that doesn't change the fact that it's pretty bad"
"No, no one would want that. Who would be interested in a Fan-made English Dub before the official dub releases? I ask because I am considering putting together an English Dub. I am a seasoned voice actor, and am confident that I could put together an excellent cast (no crappy audio quality allowed!) and could probably do a decent job editing it together. I just wonder if it's something that people would want to see, and what sort of issues others could foresee me running into that I have not. Let me know what you think."
Because thongs and g-strings were invented after 2003. Is she not wearing underwear? Please say she's not wearing underwear.
And lesbians and fat women Well yeah radfem bullshit all comes from academia in the first place.
"Wow, what an insightful way to add to the conversation. Engineers and scientists. There's a million websites on which careers are good for each type. I strongly suggest learning how to Google before going to college or you won't make it through the first year."
I'm sure he'll be getting monster yards once Gabbert is throwing him the balls. Probably because there is talk about how vernon has lost it when he hasnt. Kaepernick cant get him the ball like he cant get every receiver the ball and he's fed up with it. Id be pissed too if people were saying im no good and its someone elses fault. I aint taking the fall for his overall shittyness
You dropped this You would be surprised how many idiots play on PC. LOL is a great example xD
Next in the Turkish news: USA buying oil from ISIS Turkish president now claims Russia is buying oil from Isis
this guy at work who's like a total MMA expert told me so it must be true I honestly think sometimes on this sub people comment about fighters even if they haven't really seen them fight and just assume stuff about them or just saw what the result was but not the fight
"I know, we should just be happy she at least plopped him in front of a screen this time instead of letting him scream in his crib in the dark. This is a next level nitpick"
"Yeah, you can pretty much swap Drexl and Jim Gordon and nobody would tell the difference. Dr. Dennett Norton is the same character as Jim Gordon is the same character as Sirius Black is the same character as Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg is the same character as Dracula?"
"OMG Deaborn Muslims are Islamophobe Zionist entities! Top Arab-American city backs Jewish socialist, man for Muslim ban"
"Yeah, I mean they all look like that. That's a bit racist."
I saw I can also print a car right? If you get a printer you can print yourself a VR headset.
"Bret Easton Ellis Whose literary criticism on DFW's work do you enjoy? I'm trying to find critics who work with DFW's work specifically, more or less as a specialty or a point of emphasis. Adam Kelly at University of York has done some excellent stuff with DFW and sincerity. Does anyone else have any critical works or critics to recommend?"
What an adult thing to say Grow the fuck up you man-child.
"Yay, war! The US Air Force just made a huge show in the South China Sea with 3 nuclear-capable bombers"
"Oh yeah, because there are no bad mannered players in all of Europe. dont wanna be that guy, but this define the stereo type american."
"Oh god no, why would people stop blaming Activision. Then by this logic people would have to stop blaming Activision for all the problems withe the COD franchise, it would be Vivendi's fault.... But this is the internet, no-one here uses logic."
"And fair and balanced, no doubt. Well at least they're open and honest about what's going on."
"void vs ags at the same combat level, yeah clearly voider's gear is far superior to a pure's"
"So what you're saying is coffee shops with recent mortgages are going to be hit twice as hard. Top post says that you'll end up paying $2 more per month on a $500,000 five year mortgage. So the rate increase will affect coffee sales."
There's roads in India? bro im in India.
"Gotta get clicks somehow When people read ""hydrogen bomb"" they don't think ""any type of bomb that happens to have hydrogen as part of the fuel"", they think a very specific kind of bomb that is fueled by hydrogen..."
"No wonder why he has no fucking clue what he's talking about, we can't get AR-15s in this state anymore so how could he be expected to know better Hey, he was Governor of Massachusetts for 8 years. He knows about as much about guns as the Governor of Guam does about snow."
"Psh, some friend, didn't even invite you to his wedding. I photoshopped myself into my friend's wedding photo. That is all."
Stop assigning gender so early in the baby's life. My riceball is a she!
Zoos are evil! He ate everything he could reach
"Santi comes across as not a very nice person i think. Which arsenal player (past or present), strikes you as a bit of dick off the pitch"
"Yellow seat, yellow Aerospokes, yellow tires, and a yellow chain Looking for ideas on spicing up my bike. Maybe yellow seat or wheels or something? Thoughts appreciated"
"Making it a Bad Thing, by definition. If no one is aware, multi culturalism is solely a concept of communism"
"I mean, he's TECHNICALLY sound, and he has great camerawork, but he's just not the most exciting streamer, which is why he's not the big draw on Twitch that he should be. pound for pound best live streamer."
"I'm sure you're fun at parties Sorry, had to downvote. Phrasemongering is no sign of being clever. Especially if you approve to someone phrasemongering by even more phrasemongering!"
"Well, maybe you need to STUDY IT OUT I would never do that - I'm totally down with different opinions, to the extent that they're not harmful. It's the total in-your-face-constantly deal that these people all seem to share that gets to me. I think there's a reason that politics are generally considered an impolite topic of conversation in public. Unfortunately, step one in becoming a political mastermind seems to be sharing what's REALLY going on with everyone you've ever met via social media every five goddamn minutes."
"Cuz he's successful, and everyone knows the only successful people are white or oreos! Why would you consider Ben Carson to be ""white""?"
Pleb not always on your pc no wonder I'm the only 9k player in dota cause I never leave my moms basement literally turned my PC on for this comment
You forgot the Everyone knows that autism is caused by circumcision now
"But hey, patriarchy, women are not taken seriously by the doctor, nevermind what they teach at medical school. In my school they tell us that any person that comes to the E.R. with heartburn must be given at least an EKG, if it isn't anything serious well everything is fine but most of the time it is a heart attack."
So funny! Just WAIT until we get home.
"If I had known that a WDC meant him leaving I might have cheered for him years ago. As a Hamilton fan, it was very hard to see Nico win the title considering the reliability issues he faced compared to Nico. Yet, the grace and class Nico has exhibited over the last few years, I'm actually happy he managed to achieve his life's dream."
"hashinshin Master/challenger tier players, which non-pro player destroys every time you see them Thought it might be interesting highlighting some of the best non-pro players for once"
Just because Taiwan always performs in international tournaments for a few years doesn't mean they are good. Taiwan is not a fucking wildcard region. They are not behind EU and NA. Stop acting like it's an upset every time they win a game. Title
"""But let's give it back to them because even when they were stupid, they should never learn from their mistakes!"" ""On 19 June 1967, the Israeli cabinet voted to return the Golan to Syria in exchange for a peace agreement, although this was rejected after the Khartoum Resolution of September 1, 1967."" Israel even tried to give it back, but Syria rather take it by force with the Yom Kippur War six years later. They failed."
Show us a picture of her in the underwear! My girlfriends birthday gift.
You forgot to type the i like losing. let's just trade lillard and mccollum and blow it up :) bring in byron scott
"You spelled ""Chess"" wrong. True, you can't take anyone seriously who's trying to have fun. Well- if they were playing checkers or something dignified like that, I might consider listening to them."
It's missing the part where she immediately drops her panties and has a three-way with his two friends while he is left out Captain Classy!
Literally. they could add this in 10 minutes.
I get upset when the Australian Prime Minister isn't the most pro-Canadian Prime Minister evah. The most pro-Israel president evah.
"Yeah Doom, he's such a good guy, just misunderstood! Taking out the trash."
"I want the one with the soldier with a stomach ache. Has anyone extracted the different acquired tapes? I really want the one of Quiet's humming, but all I find has music in the background. I want it to be basically her humming her theme like she does in game (without the radio distortion). If anyone has it, or can point me in the right direction it would be greatly appreciated."
"You know, don't quote me on this, but I'm sure the Republicans are to blame somehow. Lots of birds fall down dead, now in Sweden."
"For the first time ever, I actually find something good on the East Coast. West Coast about to get cucked. Three hours for them to realize their mistake."
"Yeah, so delusional - psh, you don't get to *choose* where you bank. Found the delusional neoliberal"
Well obviously all Mexicans are illegal. How does eating Mexican food contradict disliking illegal immigration?
"Well that explains why the government spent $40b trying to get the world cup then. It's based off of an Australian Sports Commission policy from 2012 called ""Winning Edge"" because winning is the most important thing! If you're not winning the game you're obviously doing it wrong, so by cutting all of their funding they learn valuable life lessons like ""If at first you don't succeed give up"""
"That whore! I hear you. :/ Several years back, my sister got a very stern phone call from the priest because she wore *skinny jeans.*"
"Nah man, people on reddit for sure always know what they're talking about, you should trust them. Should we trust the world's preeminent infectious disease experts or some dude making memes on the internet?"
"Josh McDaniel's Who are the greatest offensive minds in the NFL today? It seems like that the defensive"" gurus"" are more well known in the league, like Rex Ryan. But it's hard for me to think of someone who is considered an offensive genius, who's actually had success. The one person that stands out to is Tom Moore, currently coaching on the Cardinals. As a Colts fan I believe he was instrumental in giving Peyton the confidence early in his career to become a field general. When Peyton was on the sideline, he was almost always discussing things with Moore."
Don't you know 4WD makes you stop faster too That black pick-up was driving wayyyyyyyyyyyyy too fast.
"Yeah, that was the point of the article. Wow so 45 is ""elderly"" now??"
"I love that game, but thanks to my lovely government i can't buy anything online :-) Anyone wanna play some rocket league tomorrow? I'm about to go to bed soon but I think we should get a cc rocket league team going! What do you guys think?"
"No no there was a bug on his throat, he was trying to squash it I think. Is Von Miller going to claim that that Colts player deserved to have a knee to the throat because he was basically asking for it the way he was dressed?"
So the fat person that ate 10 farts was right! Technically it is a body negative as there is less of it after weight loss.
"Obviously it wasn't world news, come on man think about it This had 8k+ upvotes on worldnews, then it was deleted. Why? There is no reason whatsoever to delete something like that."
I don't think the oilers have ever given away such a good player. For me the dissonance has more to do with the fact he's not on the Oilers anymore than with the Devils.
"We should actually make homophobia and anti-semitism a requirement for immigration. Donald Trump Argues That No One Like Him Should Be Allowed Into the United States - ""Those who do not believe in our Constitution, or who support bigotry and hatred, will not be admitted for immigration into the country."""
Listening to Moonman I see Really Spotify?
"But..but that's different I saw a Facebook thing once like ""in order to show how easy it is for your gay son to change his sexuality, you should try being gay for a year to prove how easy it is."""
Yea and cloud 9 was undefeated and they made it so far into worlds Dig was actually top 2 for 8 weeks straight summer split while eg was stuck in the middle the entire time.
"How can you say that, it'd be so hard to get a job (like it isn't now), etc, etc. As a first home buyer I would love house prices to drop.. It'd be far from a disaster"
"Kobayashi Maru, filthy casual. Kobiashi Meru. There is no way to answer this question without bringing down a rain of shit for answering it."
"You are right people say ""ouch"" when something feel good. ouch doesn't mean your in pain lol. does this kid look in pain? his voice isn't changing pitch, he doesn't sound strained, he's just annoyed at her pinning him down."
"Pfft, things like investment in education and systemic reform that would prevent bankruptcy wouldn't do anything to reduce crime. i wonder how much education or health care we could have purchased for americans for 80 billion."
You forgot Iron Banner rewards are terrible!
"Because there are no legal brown people in the United States, duh. And, how do you know this?"
"I don't know man, my parents forcing me to do my schoolwork AGAINST MY WILL, AS A SLAVE, ALL THE TIME is just like pushing that grind stone! Holy hell I'm spoiled."
Good answer. Believe what you will. I can't make you see the truth.
"Fine, mate* Learn2leddit It looks grammatically fine mate."
In the mean time your teammates all still died so you failed at being support Support is so easy dude
"whatever you do, don't vote green! In a move typical of their recent do-nothing approach to CO2 emissions, Canada appoints a tar sands executive to liaise with the US on climate change"
He forgot There has only been 1 released
"Well, it's from a ""United Insider"" so I'm thinking it's true ... This is bollocks right? R-right?"
"sounds like disproportionate response to me. Reading about this all I could think was that guy thinks he just killed an American, but he really just killed an American and like 1000 of his own people."
"Spandam Who wants to be the Pirate King? As the title asks. Who actually *wants* to be king of the pirates along with Luffy? The Yonkou all seem to have different objectives in mind (sans Blackbeard) like Whitebeard with his family, and Kaido actually dying/ starting a world war. So who is Luffy's direct competition?"
"""I will rid america of nipple veins"" Another promise Obama didn't keep. Boobs are Boobs but if they are those salami nipple vein covered ones I can't like."
Thats not Don Cherry! My friend went as everyone's favourite Canucks sportscaster/food lover.
Well the state is liberal. As a Canadian in LA I was not expecting to see this today.
How is that possible when the PQ snatches up all the anglo students and puts them in detention camps ? Montreal ranks in top 10 student cities worldwide
"yes, their stories about how their parents achieved the american dream in a different socioeconomic climate that existed 30 years ago is completely relevant to the american dream being alive and attainable to today's youth. No, their thinking is that the American dream isn't dead and that upward mobility exists. Their stories are proof that it isn't easy, but it is attainable. And that's the truth. It doesn't always work out but it can and if they don't fuck it their descendants will reap those rewards for all time. Because the first immigrant achieved the dream."
"You've come to the wrong neighborhood, 12.99 or leave What's a good price to sell Villager for?"
Lebron should have got Finals MVP in 07! Not just to the finals. But forcing up to 6/7 games against the best team. If Lebron won only one game or got swept there would be no discussion on this.
What if Suarez had done that to the little girl Little girl trolls Suarez during pre-match handshakes
"its tumblr you cis transphobe, check your privilege Goddamn... that fucking tumbler-esque comment at the bottom just angries up the blood."
Well that sure was obvious I think he was joking
"Your facts include the phrase ""believe me"" Those are some strong facts. Well... I guess you're free to not believe me. Fortunately belief doesn't change facts."
sweet now he can sell it and buy something reliable to ride :) Stolen 1954 Harley-Davidson Hydra-Glide Returned After 42 Years
"If they had done their contractz correctly in the first place, then this would not have happened. Rush returns to South Korea, C9 Challenger to use Contractz"
"Yeah, and I doubt high schools have nothing to do with the obesity rates, giving out chocolate milk and crappy pizza, ugh... This is fucking disgusting. America complains we're too unhealthy, yet literally feeds kids spoon fills of the shittiest food you ever eat. God high school lunches were vile, one of the reasons I'm happy I don't goto high school because of the terrible quality food I'm paying five bucks for"
"Oh no, someone with a not-so-popular opinion, get him! And these tons of little things is why Skyrim isn't really fun to me, it's just so game-y. It doesn't feel like a world, not like the Witcher 1 did."
"Yeah too bad he didn't send her to the hospital! No... if you're just some random stranger fucking with me, especially when I'm at work, it's not a prank, it's you being an asshole. Too bad that wasn't hot coffee."
"Yea, seven players thinking they can get away with doing nothing.. can't wait. Challenge missions with 8+ players were beyond fun! They should just have left a version of that without the loot just for the kicks."
What a great trial Sentencing of Alex_Cristal * **5 months in the end if no items are returned to their rightful owners** * **2 months in the end and banishment from Icenia if items are returned to their owners** All individuals who has stuff stolen from them are urged to please report the items that you lost to the modmail and we will try our best to get them back.
"You could try keeping your pokemon healthy, that might work Game crashed everytime I faint. Any solutions? Error coming up is : Script 'PokeBattle_ActualScene' line 2115: NoMethodError occurred. undefined method 'clothes' for nil:NilClass"
"It does signify a more ""global"" brand though, and we all know when someone says ""global"" they mean ""America"" .com domains are for commercial use, they don't signify country of origin. Sure, the .com domain was owned by the US Department of Defence a couple of decades ago but things change. Anyone can register a .com domain name and this has been the case since the 90's."
"No, let's just blame his stepfather on everything. Greg A. Bedard on Twitter: ""According to one NFL team, a financial advisor who was fired by Tunsil could also be responsible for the social media leaks."""
"Start the story that it is a dictatorship and claim inhuman treatment of the natives. As an American, I feel it is our duty to invade this island, search for oil, and build an military airfield there. This will help protect these indigenous people from harm."
"Women's intuition being best for fixing memory leaks, while more manly modes of thought prevail in the use of perl compatible regular expressions. More diversity is better for an average software project. The field of software development is insanely broad, and the more different minds you have on your team, the more it can capture."
Ramadan was a month ago bro muslims can't be chubby now Chubby white guys can't be Muslims?
"Usually people use Machiavelli's ""The Prince"" or Sun Tzu's ""The Art of War"" to learn lessons about politics and organization, but I guess Harry Potter is like the same thing The fight against the ""Death Eater, white supremacist, capitalist heteropatriachy"" is like Harry Potter!"
This is a good way to spend tax payer money. Japan to open robot farm in tsunami disaster zone
"wow that's completely relevant and similar the exact thing the US does when we point at them for having fucked up abortion laws and gun laws, tho."
"Whenever I want nuanced, enviro/economic distillation, I turn to the Toronto SUN. National carbon tax would finish off Ontario"
"That even creepier. Dude, it's a cartoon."
"Yeah like gun control. This doesn't get said enough nearly enough when people bring up the administration's resistance to the legalization movement. Obama's fighting an uphill battle with congress on TONS of important issues, and while I believe lifting prohibition is incredibly important, I'd rather it not be done at the expense of any opportunity to salvage the economy."
"Sexist! Hillary Clinton's big announcement: I'm running for Goldman Sachs, Saudi Arabia, Soros, Rothschild &amp; Monsanto"
Steam bent. Why does it look like the grain goes in a circle?
"PRO-WHITE ISN'T ANTI OTHER RACES, HERITAGE NOT HATE Tell me again that the Alt-Right isn't a white supremacist group..."
Neither are children since the child labor laws. They aren't worth as much to us as a society.
"I take my hygiene seriously That sounds a tad bit too exfoliating for me, ouch."
"Some day we'll miss the glory days of extracting GameData directories They're a part of the EVE pack. I recommend installing CKAN, a very well supported mod manager for KSP, to get started on installing mods. Very pain free."
"Why don't they just move to North Korea? ""you wouldn't have slavery without capitalism"""
"Its the games he plays, I bet it can run Papers Please at max detail fine I'm sure Witcher 3 runs a good 120 fps on this baby."
"Pressing W is essentially blink. It's essentially a blink, just a slower line-oriented one."
"Correct, but four rights does make a circle! Yup, but two wrongs don't make a right"
"So you're saying Saitama can't just NLF through every character? Not only is that wrong, your comment is low-effort."
A ticket to a musically-event duh. What the hell do you buy a 13 year old boy for Christmas?
"Mosquitoes.....they are definitely the biggest Plague, then maybe Fly's. How is this tolerated in schools?"
"Because Ghost spent more time on the FMV and trying to make everything shiny and wet :v They know gamers just want something that's pretty. I was just about to say this... Why is it that the mobile version of this game has these extra and better customisation kits and not the bigger, supposedly badder PS4/XB1/PC version?"
"No, he only hates feminazis. this guy really hates women if you check his channel"
"Well, now she's just being unreasonable. Iggy Azalea Wants Fans To Stop Trying To Finger Her"
"If you're so educated, find a way to get out of debt! Lets see ... Thats ... Roughly an eighth of mine ... Im going to die broke ... Educated but broke."
This is definitely not a joke Ultimate white girl problems
"Wow, I totally did not see that coming... Car Crash Captured on Dashcam"
I swear that's an Arc'teryx flannel shirt.... Not even just heavier gear. They want to spend money on gear and love to tell you how much their shit costs. $200 cuben fiber rain skirt....instead of the Hefty bag I use.
Really not much there... Although we could bring back Heskey and Owen on a free Premier League Free Transfers
I'm sure this will be affordable... Hot Toys to Attend Ani-Com 2015 with a 18-Foot Millennium Falcon
"Well, since she had the power to change the tax code single-handed as a Senator, she certainly could fix the entire Middle East overnight. The republican led congress turned down repeated requests for more funding.."
The dog or the guy Visual Effects have come a long way
How equal Straight White Men Banned From Equality Conference
"News Flash: In Egypt, only hideously ugly women go to college. Egyptian MP Calls for Mandatory Virginity Tests for Admittance of Women to Universities"
"Now available on the pirate bay! TIL The movie ""100 years"" that has been finished last year is kept in a bulletproof safe and is due to be released November 18 2115, 100 years from 2015."
It was her fault Girl can't rely on men's
"Wow, that makes sense I think exterminating the ""globalization"" advocates is a good move at this point."
"7 now with the bonecrusher 6, range falls into afkable too (you can get 80-100k) completely afk with blowpipe, 20 doses of absorption pots, and a guthan host."
What about in the Final Four? Not to kill the joke but we probably won't play HC because we already have
"Once debt slavery is introduced again there is a new opportunity to use these mercenaries to invade emerging markets for fun and more profit. That is one thing I still don't understand unless they really do believe that the ""emerging markets"" are going to continue to grow, profits and increases in business rely on a growing market. Though so far their complaints don't support the idea that emerging markets will make up the difference. The current complaint by businesses as to why they are not hiring is that there isn't enough demand, but there isn't enough demand because people have at best tightened their belts and at worst are unemployed. So far you have one side that wont budge and the other side that cant afford to."
"Yeah, that additional 10 mm is surely making night and day difference. the less space the sim takes up, the more space they have to put something useful. Like a bigger battery"
"I hope they play Lenny Kravitz for the 100th time this week wow, sternthology going all the way back to 2015 for this david crosby interview fucking pathetic. I really really hope they are done at sirius and something superior is coming"
The only bad here is sparky I got only crappy commons in my shop today!
Clearly Kimi's collecting money to pay for his seat in Ferrari Kimi's Iceman yacht for sale
"Yea, people totally don't know about why they are paying $75 for an aspirin. ITT, people that don't work in medicine and have no idea how insurance works comment on things they know nothing about."
"because men can't be raped, statuatory or otherwise We *are* a blue state. Maybe NM politicians think gay people mature faster?"
That last guy laying in the corner playing on his phone smh Rainbow Six Siege: Mike Myers edition.
"While they are at it they should pick up all those potheads and throw them in the slammer! Because as we all know, public urination is the *worst thing that can happen*. We should all just shift all of those, you know, 'quality of life' cops working on things like murders and robberies and stuff over to public urination enforcement!"
He does Who claims this is an acceptable theory?
"*PC port of entire game is bad* I can't believe PC players are complaining, this is on you guys for buying a PC, PC players are so entitled PS4 Fallout 4 Can't Run Far Harbor at Acceptable FPS"
Obviously un-biased. Talk about bi-fucking-polar. Yesterday the CM were doing an anti-labour front page on the gold coast.
"Wonderwall Musicians of Reddit, what's your favorite song to play?"
"""How is this *not* true?"" ""Men are simple, women are complicated."""
Your so cold hearted First time I actually bothered responding to a creep. How fragile their egos are...
"Well, Rosie is a liberal and libertarianism is about knee jerk reactions and hating on liberals. What does this have to do with Libertarianism?"
"whoa, what party? Donald Trump Announces 2016 Presidential Run"
Meta-humor is incredibly ablest shitlord. The joke is that I complained about the meme while incorrectly assuming it was the meme.
"The Imperial Freedom Star is the name the Empire gave it before those bloody Rebel terrorists basterdized it. You don't work on something called the ""Death Star"" without knowing what you're getting into. But in all fairness, a lot of it was probably built with slave labor."
"Yeah and mike Brown was responsible for all the cavs wins when lebron was there.... Without a doubt. Mike Brown has a lot of shortcomings on the offensive side, but he made LeBron the defender he is today. Hope he can have a similar impact with Kyrie."
"Maybe they know something we don't. While watching the Austria game yesterday, nice job ESPN"
I run DOS instead of Windows 10 because I end up with easier access to tools that can be used to fix the computer with DOS than I do with Windows. I don't because if something goes wrong later I still have easier access to the BIOS/other tools that don't boot UEFI (hirens).
"Better ban all those family bathrooms and unisex bathrooms too, because men can just start raping women in there too. I don't understand how what I said here is offensive, can you help me out? (TW)"
It's such a wonder these types of shootings don't happen in a firearm rich environment. Active shooter at Ohio State
Shocker! Rhode Island Is Closing 66% Of Polling Places For Our April 26th Presidential Primary
"Totally a fad, everyones going to back to tacobell once the fad is over. Chipotle's business model is asinine and the only reason they've succeeded is that they arrived right in the middle of one of the most asinine dieting fads in history."
Oshit misogyny in action I'd re-word your Target statement.
"You seem to be very salty about being called out on your salt Not in the slightest. I simply am tired of Game Theory in general, keeps popping up everywhere. I also love how whenever someone can't come up with a thing to say, they start throwing around the word ""salt"" and think that is a proper comment."
I wonder why you answered that way Fanart and OCs.
"But there is Call of Duty Exactly, a big prizepool for Dota was needed because it gained viewers. There's no competition for CS so they'll watch the tournaments anyways"
Yeah because this is so harmful This is why we should not have religion...
"**Well he shouldn't have BROKEN THE LAW**. Dash cam records Medford detective threatening, yelling at driver"
"Of course, because we all know blacks aren't people right? Maybe it's because they're not killing people... Dumbass"
"Barriers to entry are only created by the government and their crony-capitalist ways, duh! I've heard basically that exact argument, plus for a bonus, apparently it's impossible for a large company to somehow starve out competitors starting up and barriers to entry don't real"
"I want this screen, but in old gen Took this screenshot back when DE released maybe some of you like it"
Maybe they were also hit by the ammo shortage? I'm not sure how they're doing it now but when I went through boot we only shot two partial mags with the m9 the whole time. Blew my mind. The rest was all guns with pneumatic tubing setup to simulate recoil and a laser to indicate POI. This was about a decade ago though.
Ahahaha too soon.... too soon Spend much time at German Christmas markets?
Patton was a German general? Patton all the way. Not even the desert fox can out do ol' blood and guts.
Have you tried upgrading? Been having this problem lately.... control panels in aircraft completely blank for the duration of the vehicle pull.
"Yes, the camera flash makes it a smartphone. Yeah. But, it didn't have so many features. It didn't even have a camera flash until the 4."
"Yeah, I mean that Jerry West guy is a bum, only winning 1 Final. He dosen't get credit cause he lost four of them. Finals appearances mean fuck all if you dont win. it just means that you were lucky not to face the better team until june instead of april"
"So does this mean I can sell mine and make money for myself, too? After the new update on Battlelog you can now purchase packs of 25% XP Boosts."
Lol OMG you're so funny x-D Lol I just about to say that
"Oh to be in high school in Beijing again &lt;333333333 this is actually very true though, they are everywhere there. I went there a few times in 2012. Now though, forget about it. 14 year olds holding shot glasses up screaming and smiling. nopenopenopenope"
"Yes, let's judge our entire defense by the stats of a single player. Bills fans : ""our defense sucks"" Holds one of best receivers to 6 yards"
ya la ya la my flair means I deserve downvote la i think maybe it's your flair lah
"Like a boss! One day internet memes will be as misunderstood, yet as ingrained and important as these phrases coined by Shakespeare. Shudder."
Hurp a durp another anti-cop circle jerk on Reddit! South Carolina cop planting a taser next to the body of Walter Scott. Slow-motion.
Can I bet it was Kirby's and Stan stole credit How much you wanna bet that this was Stan's idea
Bill Gates said it too.. I guess it is time to stand in awe of this unheard of intelligence. Bill Gates said something along these lines too (allegedly) with regards to Saudi Arabia.
"It worked for Piers Morgan. ""If I get mad and insult her as a person, maybe everyone else will think I'm smarter than her."" What a cunt."
"My comment might have needed a Very few wonders are worth the opportunity cost. A few workers, a few military units, or a couple mundane buildings are usually a better benefit than one wonder. Obviously there are exceptions, Borobudur and Mosque of Djenne are worth building if you're pushing religion, Porcelain Tower is almost always worth it, Hanging Gardens are almost always worth it, etc. Not to mention the wasted production if an AI beats you to it. But playing without *any* wonders is generally going to be a more solid strategy than building too many."
[I was just talking out of my ass] Thank you for that spoiler.
"Hasn't stopped Obama You make a compelling point, if only we could get Elon Musk to run, but you know, that not being a natural born american thing."
yeah but she probably deserved it Man it sucks when clearly talented fighters can't get their shit together.
"We definitely didn't shore up any weaknesses or anything. except they're not a nightmare matchup for them anymore,"
Yeah these refugee kids might grow up to be rapists! Some Canadian kids can't even afford toboggans.
"pcmasterrace 'Uncapped' hardware capacities and main audience being PC, the original platform, is why. I find it unfair too, I'd love to play a PC equivalent on my phone, but limitations. Especially stupid considering how my low end (lower than consoles) has an infinite world cap, more crafting tools and choices, and general exclusivity. It's not all bad, seeing as how Mobile has a shitload of exclusives too, along with 1dmg pets (PC ones are damageless for the the most part). You also have 3 exclusive bosses (Lepus, Turkor, Ocram) and a few enemies."
"Yeah right, it's not like they won anything major with VG, like the Summit or the ESL After DAC, I don't think Black^ is as highly contested among the Tier 1 teams as we would like to think. He'll probably be relegated to a Tier 2 team."
"It has Apple on it, duh. Why should someone buy the iPhone 6 instead of a Android phone? Why should someone switch over to the new iPhone 6 when they currently have a Android phone like a HTC 1 M8 or a Galaxy s5?"
Does not look slippery at all... Does anyone know how practical this will really end up being?
"The third color can be pretty rough if you are running 4 phyrexian obliterators. the cost of adding another color in modern is not high at all, no point in playing just UB when you for almost nothing can add a third color and make the deck so much stronger."
Isn't that talking football? Can we talk football? Or is this sub going to be Denver and NE Tweets all week?
It's nice to see autistic people in relationships. Me? Yah I was very lucky. I've got twenty years into my marriage. And we are all vaccinated.
Yeah well Koreans are hotter than sweaty white men I watched that Vice Esports documentary and holy shit top ranking Esports players have so many babes to choose from. This was in South Korea mind you.
"Losers. Nah, mostly just complaining about transplants, housing costs, homeless people, and weed."
But Fortress has the best le skin. Don't forget t1-3 fortress coming out all at once. Kinda stupid I was posting about this stuff spring season and getting down voted and now people are yapping about stuff I'm already over. Like my expectations for skin releases have been low since summer
"Just wanna say thank you from all us guys out there with this problem... Easy fix: just become a guy. We have emotion trained out of us from an early age. But warning, side effects include some loss of your humanity."
"Too bad nobody has invented encrypted email yet... For any kind of human relations type correspondence within the U.S. federal government which involves someone's social security number, you are required to send it by fax and not email, with the story being that email is more vulnerable to being intercepted."
"I think the post you replied to was No, we did legitimately shitty things at a time full of nations doing legitimately shitty things. It sucks, we shouldn't hide or deny what we did, but in no way do our actions 60 years ago preclude us from pointing out absurd civil rights violations or mentioning that the US has actually been a pretty good nation to the Philippines since then."
"Shut your whore mouth Patrice Looks like that would be great for driving, the shooting looks terrible though. GTA V's story also wasn't very good."
How I suck at math How Paleo Made Me Fat ... and Pop Tarts Got Me Shredded | Biolayne
"yep if theres something thats barely popular in Oregon, it's disc golf ...and the fact that it has a disc golf course and is located in Oregon."
"Well, I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV and my doctor says mylanta. Not Scandinavian, but I have lived there. Hardly perfect, but certainly more socially mobile and egalitarian than the states."
B...B...But encryption is how the terrorists make bombs! WhatsApp turns on end-to-end encryption for one billion users (inc the UK)
"**RNG** Wow I gota post again.... I literally think this is rigged. I got my EpiK! bugged case at the start of the week as we all did, Guess what I got? 1/36^3 = 00002% chance. All in a row. Fk off."
"Gotta be FE6 Marcus ""You're one ugly motherfucker"" - not actually my favorite character."
Chutiya banaya..bada maja aaya.. Ringing Bells to refund Freedom 251 payments
"White people all look the same anyway To be fair, they're all kinda stacked, so they look same-ish to me."
"At least he'll stay on the record for 110 years. That time the missionaries killed my investigator. I was new on my mission and an older lady in the ward told us her nevermo husband was sick and needed a blessing. We headed over and gave him one. He soon began taking lessons and getting his weekly dose of blessings. I ended up getting sent out of the area, but the new missionaries took over. He had a dream that he wasn't allowed to die until he joined the church. So the missionaries finished teaching him and set a baptism date. The man's nurse said not to baptise him because he was sick and would die if he got dunked. So like any good missionary would do, they dunked him anyway, because God knows best. Sure enough, he passed away that night. The missionaries, including me at the time when I heard, thought it was a miracle, that God kept him alive the perfect amount of time to get baptized. When I got reassigned to the area again, I tried contacting his wife but she wouldn't answer the door for us anymore. Her lack of faith was disturbing. I look back now and it's so clear that those missionaries killed that poor old man. It's disgusting what missionaries will do to get better numbers on their weekly report."
Just think of all the jobs they can create with that dough. Millionaires are expected to control nearly half of the world's personal wealth by 2019
I guess hashtags can have spaces now... plastic bag
Amazing the keyboard still light up without being plugged in! Clean Cut...
"Sexist ... How about we get Moustache March and they get Long Hair Everyday, does that sound fair?"
But would you vote Draymond for finals MVP? If LeBron scores 40 again and wins next game surely he would be the undisputed all time 2nd best ever.
Finally there will be weed in Ireland. 95% of us will be doing this after that bill passed.
"Because all of his smurfs are at silver/gold, and not Diamond 1 75 LP. And because he's on a smurf stomping silver/gold players 90% of the time."
Why can't these females understand that they are nothing more than walking vaginas? Why were the 80's 90's girls so ATTRACTIVE .-. ?
What a legacy It's always the MLK street in every city...
SHE'LL SAVE HERSELF SHITLORD Well who else is going to save peach? Definitely not Luigi.
"Because it's only sexist if it's against girls. I had the same thought at first, but I realized if a girl was in the third panel it would be sexist also. So an artist has to consciously not put females in half of the panels of the comic not to be sexist?"
"Because it is so stupid, even if it is Why would anyone downvote this"
"However, the downside to these new fangled vaccines is that they give your kids autism Vaccines. Nobody knows how terrible polio, measles, smallpox, and diphtheria are, because nobody catches the diseases anymore!"
"There's no way we can pass up on Cook, he's a Cleveland boy and what better way to lead the browns to the super bowl than with a Clevelander Lets be real. Goff/Lynch/Cook are coming here next year. They will be ass. Instead of drafting a WR/OLB/DE, and playing Johnny we have the very real possibility of drafting a QB in the 1st round, multiple years in a row..."
"I wish Elyse didn't fake being drunk I'M DRUNK, I'M ELYSE"
"Dude, spoiler alert! The graveyard scene at the end is one of the most epic moments in cinema... the music (""The Ecstasy of Gold"") as Tuco is running through the graveyard... the showdown... and the way Eastwood strings up Tuco right before the credits roll makes the whole movie come full circle."
"All right, the fight for equal rights is over guys... Saudi Arabia gives women the right to a copy of their marriage contract"
Don't you think it's kinda messed up to force gender on it when it doesn't have a clear idea of what gender it associates with? Help me caption my picture of my daughter!
"Turning the water cannons on marching LGBT groups is very tolerant, after all they were just dehydrated, right? Both of those countries technically do... Simply spurring conversation but once again totally forgot I was in worldnews."
"Even more importantly, he's that guy on that Heisman trophy... More importantly he coached his team to a 222-0 rout."
"I, for one, applaud them for their glorious pursuit of social justice. Everyone needs to chill out. Their lab is in a much better condition &amp; OP states that the photos were during their lab upgrade. Why won't you guys just relax, move on, and enjoy what this company has to offer? It's like everyone is just dying to crucify someone."
"Don't forget we're entitled princesses who think we can do whatever we want, without consequence It makes sense since all women are actually either one of two women to Reddit: Stupid, (crazy) ugly bitch Stupid, (crazy, gold digging) hot bitch (who gets a free pass on everything forever because she's hot)"
"Ah yes, Jim Crow and stuff. Ah, so this is what great again looks like But for real though people seem happier back then"
"How DARE you not put Scott Schebler at RF Let's see if I can do this without pissing off too many fans. in no particular order, mainly considering this season: C: Lucroy (TEX), Posey (SF), Realmuto (MIA), Ramos (WAS), Leon (BOS) 1B: Rizzo (CHI), Goldschmidt (ARI), Freeman (ATL), Cabrera (DET), Votto (CIN) 2B: Altuve (HOU), Murphy (WAS), Dozier (MIN), Pedroia (BOS), Cano (SEA) 3B: Bryant (CHI), Donaldson (TOR), K. Seager (SEA), Machado (BAL), Beltre (TEX) SS: C. Seager (LAD), Lindor (CLE), Crawford (SF), Bogaerts (BOS), Correa (HOU) OF: Trout (LAA), Mookie (BOS), Yelich (MIA), Bradley Jr (BOS), Cespedes (NYM)"
"*money well spent* ***""ARE YOU AWARE OF BREAST CANCER?!?""*** ""Yes."""
Hopefully the mousetronauts don't get into it. Caffeinated cargo among SpaceX launch
"Yeah seeing all those old wrinkly people, that sure sounds great. I only want it for the vision :^)"
"I prefer button, thank you very much I sure do love accidentally doing Link's aerial up-b rather than his grounded one Tap Jumping Vs. Button Jumping; Which do you Prefer?"
"But who would make the coffee during this discourse! When it comes to complex political and social problems in the realm of international relations, I doubt artists should be exalted as valuable contributors to discourse."
"Nah, BVG about to get a contract extension Right now all I can think of is DC hires"
"But you should always believe rape accusations because doing so doesn't hurt anybody, right? Teenager falsely accused of rape commits suicide"
"I think it's a great idea to privatize war Obama Wants Contractors, Not Troops, to Fight ISIS"
looks like iGPUs are improving Colorful show off an Intel Skylake motherboard with a built in GTX 1070 GPU
"That goes for you too, Christopher Tolkien! I think we generally all hate the crappy sequels done by anyone but Frank Herbert. Damn, Brian, quit living off your dad's work and do something of your own."
"You went with a CPU? When I built my first PC, I looked at this, and my wallet weeped. I ended up having to settle for a 4670."
"Should be on the front page of the game To those leaving the goal open to get boost, a PSA."
"But what layer is each judge ruling on? What happens is that someone calls a judge. That judge may or may not call another judge. Eventually, someone points out that all the effects occur even if the ability applying them gets cancelled. They happen in the following layers: * Layer 4: Both enchantments become creatures. * Layer 6: Both enchantment/creatures lose their abilities. * Layer 7b: The one that came in first sets power/toughness (in this case Opalescence sets both to 4/4's) then the one that came into play second sets power/toughness (in this case, humility then sets both to 1/1's). tl;dr: All enchantments are 1/1's without abilities."
Because this is a new thing that's only been happening since tories won power Just Conservative Things.
A Jew. What would be the worst thing to be reincarnated as?
Yeah the box office agrees Give me a decent 80's action flick over MCU garbage any day.
"It can't be a hate group if it's not a white group. This is the guy who once told a cheering crowd at Madison Square Garden that the difference between the Nation of Islam and Hitler was when the Nation put the Jew in ovens they'd stay there. Anyone who has ever had the pleasure of going to a speech given by a representative of this hate group will come away with a collection of the most racist, stupid, violent quotes imaginable."
"Yeah, I go to those renaissance bar that require you to leave your phone at home, so they have to pull their pants down to show me their dick. What kind of bar are you going to when a guy will pull out his dick and show it to you on request?"
Yea sure I'm sure the cops will not tamper with them at all Most body cameras are designed to prevent tampering with evidence fortunately.
"Sammysonicfan when he's old enough Question for the Millennials. Since we got mari on survivor, which youtuber would you like to see on survivor? Personally id love Shane Dawson (since he is a big fan of reality TV) or Tyler Oakley."
"*Penalty to the Blues, because I got a pile of money in my locker before the game* - The refs out to get us because of Bettman *""Hey guys, settle down now. Let's play some hockey.""* -Video *""Hey Tampa, go fuck yourselves. Here's a penalty for you bitches.""* -My mind"
"nice assumptions there brah, i'm sure they're all 100% true Those people are likely under age, violating late noise restrictions, and if left unchecked could operate motor vehicles etc. For the record those kids in your college town in all likelyhood were breaking the law and technically earned every one of those citations. Can't bitch if you do the crime imo."
"Yes because we are a 90+ win team exclusively because of Bryce Harper and Stephen Strasburg. Obviously your organization has done a great job overall, but it sure does help that you happened to be at your worst when the #1 pitching prospect of the generation and the #1 hitting prospect of the generation came around."
"I think we should also ask if Maria is gluten free, just saying. Is he really gluten free? Does he actually have an allergy or just a preference not to eat it?"
Laws are for little people. Roman Polanski: Statutory Rapist.
"I agree but comparing COD to dayz in that aspect makes no sense, chernarus is like 100 times the size of a COD map, if they where to add all the things you are saying new renderer or not the game would probably blow up your PC. The human eye picks up movement and we need better camouflage. So DayZ and the concept of the game is great. I love survival and the intense rush I feel the moment I run into players. I just find it a bit flat, (if I can put it that way) how little camouflage there is when you watch a player from a distance running in the woods or just in general. It's so easy to spot players from a distance, in fact it's almost easier to spot a player from far away than it is up close. I thought of why this is and I do realise adding more detail to the environment will decrease performance but the forests look really empty from a distance and with 2016 almost coming to an end and the game being in alpha with graphics like this they should really step it up a notch. So my suggestion to add more camouflage to the surroundings is to add more movement in the game. Blowing leaves, bushes rustling in the wind and trees also moving more. Even if you think COD 4 modern warfare (it's been out for quite a few years) there are so many ambient movements in the environment and it really improves immersion. I find the world itself too static in DayZ and the fact that stealth or being sneaky in a game like this is so unviable makes it kind of game breaking and a turn off because with realism like it has being stealthy is the only real defense and this game doesn't cater to that which is sad to see and I really think they should fix that, any thoughts?"
"So smart, you'll prosper in the next BJP govt. Anyone who isn't for BJP is anti India."
"It's just the pesky government in the way keeping good, honest Americans from getting rich! I'd rather bail out poor people than rich people, but that's just me. Poor Republicans, always thinking they're going to get a piece of the pie someday."
"Go back to lurking. This is my second post ever, my second post of today, and my second post in the past 20 mins. Browsed Reddit for 3 or so years now, not always with an account. Today I felt like saying something so I made my first post, after that I decided to look for some more questions I felt like answering and this beauty came along. Motherfuckin' fate if you ask me"
what a loss Lincoln Chafee ends bid for presidency
"The true face of a terrorist. In 1980, a 19 year old Barry Obama posed for an aspiring photographer named Lisa Jack while at Occidental College"
"my god that is so shocking, how the hell did they manage to find that out. Finnish researchers say ceasefire deal has proof of direct Russian involvement in Ukraine"
That totally original comment has everything to do with the conversation. You seem like a cheerful type.
Yeah it'd be really funny to see Romo break a bone again... I'd be funny if he then broke one of his glass bones and then Dak choked in the playoffs so that you had to put Brandon weeden in.
Because condoms never fail. Perhaps he should have used a condom
They're not people just like them muslims Except the animals...
"You mean 7/8 of 4gb gddr5 Yes. They're almost identical in size, the 970 is about 7/8 of an inch longer. They even have almost identical power requirements."
"Shut up, you fucking leftist. I have asked, and every answer was a variation on ""shut up you f***ing libtard"""
"Quit your whining, sincerely, EU Hearthstone servers Random Disconnects on US? just got all 10 players dropped, forced to quit to desktop and rejoin. anyone else experiencing this? PS. we just won because the whole enemy team dropped"
"it's just a company, man.. it doesn't count So what you're saying is the setting of the video was manipulated by a corporation?"
spoilers brah But he died in a pretty clear and not ambiguous way.
"God bless America - land of the free, home of the brave. TIL there have been an estimated 638 attempts to assassinate Fidel Castro by the United States, including poisoned cigars, infected scuba equipment, a pen rigged with a hypodermic needle containing poison, etc. He stated ""if surviving assassination attempts was an Olympic event, I'd win gold"""
That's an insult to the rest of us! He is at least a creep...
"Perhaps we should replace Centrelink cash with food vouchers, housing, and free public transport? These leasing companies need to be shut down. It is just another poor tax. It's time we acknowledge that people on low incomes are vulnerable to predatory lending and leasing. Recent research showed that people with low income generally manage their finances poorly, this is not a slight against them. We should be educating people and teaching better money management."
"When you interfere with pretendy spaceship time, THERE IS NOTHING LESS THAN DEATH AS A PUNISHMENT! And here I just wanted to smash his computer"
"Is he your ex because he is in prison? Nice! My ex sold and I helped him make punch cards. My friends thought they were THE coolest shit. His deal was buy 8 eighths, get one free."
"Wow, good luck confessing that to a priest. I'm not proud but I am still alive..."
Thanks! Good luck with that buddy
I like to read the articles... You probably think Zoo is an awesome magazine then.
"Because we can't understand, since we don't have kids! Transphobic fear-mongering jerk somehow also belittles me because I don't have a child This comes from a very long FB thread, so I'm truncating it considerably. Basically, the argument is about the HB2 ""bathroom bill"" recently passed in North Carolina. Someone said that they were going to vote for Trump because they have an LGBT sister, and they were worried that Clinton's open-border policy would allow anti-LGBT Muslims to come in and kill their daughter. So to keep the LGBT community safe, they're voting Republican. This absolutely infuriated me. I responded. Now this other guy (first guy's friend) chimes in and asks me to specifically name who is discriminating against LGBT people. I mentioned the HB2 bill among other things. A long argument transpired where he repeatedly asked me if I wanted a grown man to come in a watch my daughter shower/pee/etc. I didn't answer that because it's a straw-man argument and continued to provide facts. Eventually, after he repeatedly asked me, I said: Me: So now that you have proven yourself to be a hateful unChristian asshole who calls people ""penis in a dress,"" I will excuse myself from the conversation because obviously you are too bigoted to understand human decency. By the way, I'm a girl who would not care if a transgender woman used the restroom with me. Because I'm not hateful. Or swayed by fear-mongering. Me: Also. Dude, I don't have a daughter. Stop asking me about some mythical daughter I have. I am a woman who can tell you that I don't care if someone was born a man or woman. If they need to pee, pee in the restroom least likely to get them murdered. Him: Ah yes, the liberal standby - as soon as you can't defend your position I suddenly become a racist or bigot or misogynist or homophobe. You don't know me from Adam's house cat. You are simply frustrated at not being able to control your anger or logically argue your position. Rwcusing yourself from a debate about which you obviously know so little is a good idea. I'm sure you won't complain when a grown man comes into the women's room and videos you on the commode. Good on ya'... if you had a daughter you sure as hell wouldn't be so flippant about this issue. WHY THE HELL would it make a difference if I had a daughter or not? This drives me absolutely insane. He is literally saying (this is a direct quote) ""I also noticed that you fail to address the feelings of the other girls in that restroom who have to share it with a penis in a dress"" and I AM A GIRL, and yet because I don't have a daughter, I can't possibly understand."
"So what you mean is #YOLO ? Life isn't serious. Success or failure mean nothing in the scheme of life's existence, never mind your life. If you are fortunate enough to be born into relative wealth, enjoy it. And if you aren't, do everything in your power to make everyone's lives better. The only goal we can ever really have as a species is equality of happiness."
wut twith play pokman is stil a thig? Not a thing forevermore. [](#kappa)
"This is exactly what I tell myself whenever I use Snapchat and Chatroulette. The funniest thing about this is everyone is shocked by a penis. Every guy has one and nearly every woman takes them inside their body, but god forbid a picture of one is shown on TV."
I didn't know Apple was in *that* business Buy White Women on iTunes
ay bby ;) #THAT D THOUGH
"He briefly ""trained"" at Real Madrid, no wonder La Liga isn't taken seriously. and people wonder why MLS isn's taken seriously as a league"
"Naw bro it's not like input lag exists or anything Technically, if playing console, purchasing a new monitor to replace a TV would have a tangible benefit to one's game."
Don't ya know the eye can only see up to 28.8756 frames per second Never played the first one (I know how could I lol) but the remaster has a 30 fps setting and the difference is incredible.
"Nah, he must have farmed so much to get an almost maxed th10! I wonder if he used any gems..."
"You forgot the From my very limited understanding of how processors work, no. This processor probably (due to licencing) lacks the x86 instruction set needed to run modern day operating systems."
You mean you **don't** use Ash Noble animations on all of your frames already? edgelords
Not according to ESPN! That's what's going to happen
"Yep, SHIELD has never had ANY security problems We prohibit teens from bringing guns and knives to schools. Why should we allow force blasts and claws? And keeping their name on a list isn't inherently dangerous. You just have to leave that list with the right people. A joint project between SHIELD and the Xavier Institute would be the optimal way to do it."
"wow, good thing I have Shinji and Kaworu for the much needed 2.5x spike Power creep hurts me in the feels. You Yu wrecks Kali. I want one."
but everyone says he is a racist and wants to destroy America! Ron Paul talks limited government in Iowa - The congressman said Americans have allowed their federal government to become a ''monster.'' Less government and more individual freedoms are the answers to the nation's troubles.
She's a Sikh you intolerant pricks. Look it up
"thats intense low elo gameplay, i wonder what he would play like at d2+ I played vs him in Diamond 5 a few years back when he first moved to NA. At 16:00, he had killed me 3 times and had 200 cs."
Lol'd so hard. Well that escalated quickly.
"Yeah, shame no ever talks about the civil war. ""Can someone please tell me why no one ever talks about the white people who fought to end slavery?"""
"some one should try this theory Now if there was a way to use saplings to get gun powder, I'm all ears."
"That's exactly what a cunt would say. Using the word ""cunt"" casually to strangers. It's a great way to get beat up in real life."
"Give the man some space, he's obviously still mourning! My buddy goes to the same gym as Paul Walker's brother. The photo looks shopped they way they are standing and the background."
"But all she cares about is equality Yes, have misandry mermaid on your list of quotes, that will make you look like a legit movements with legit complaints. I mean she does so much good, she has to be the face of your movement thanks to her insightful and kind hearted opinions."
"Well not **everyone** will die.. and when we survive, we'll get to make up a story about how everyone else died. We die in the conflict which follows displacement of literally billions of people from their homes."
"Subban to Panthers confirmed. He had a radio interview 2 days ago. Seems he's in Toronto visiting family and doing sponsorship stuff (probs doing a comercial for a big company) and then going to Florida. So yeah, I can assume why he'd decline."
"But he hasn't actually done it so we can just ignore that! That statement really doesn't make much sense. Obama has also done worse things than Trump, because he's actually held political office and participated in a flawed system. Trump announcing his *intention* to flout international law before holding office is an enormous red flag."
Dyrus needs to play some riven and learn to 1v2 and carry like Darshan. What are some thoughts on how to improve? Some positive ideas about what changes we want to happen
Upboats to the left ^~^ kekekekeke Haha dopey cock
Magic: The Gathering? MTG has completed the purchase of Dreamhack
"Wow that sounds fun. Anyone hating their vacation right now? I'm in the Philippines right now and I'm staying here for the entirety of the Summer. It's hot, uncomfortable and mosquito infested and I'm staying in a wooden isolated mountainside bungalow adjacent to a volcano. Also this country has essentially been made into an authoritarian police state over the span of a few months."
Animes are Chinese ya dumb ass Anyone who likes Japanese animes is a faggot
"Yeah the development of complex computing algorithms never surpassed human ability and certainly didn't do so long before now or we'd have NO jobs. The problem is all technology before was automation of physical labor or VERY simple thinking labor. Now we are starting to get into higher levels of thinking, or offsetting that cost to the customer (self-checkout machines). Humans are good at being adaptable, but an adaptable robot will quickly evolve to become cheaper than humans. What then?"
Signing online petitions always works! Please sign this petition to help recall Governor Otter- he's turning Idaho into a parking lot for nuclear waste and continues to waste $$$ on fighting gay marriage
"but neckbeards are supposed to be good at vidya Men who harass women online are literally losers, new study finds"
"Yes, but is it articulated? What do you think, new group project for this sub?"
Terrorists! What's wrong with Brussels?
Wow like your so helpful. In Kin.
"Oh, well I'm glad I sharded mine now.... Super Good Advice. It's signature perk makes it so that misses return to the magazine (not reserve), about 95% of the misses. Oracles count as misses :) Last time I did VoG HM during one teleport run I started with 9 rounds in the mag and ended with 5, and killed all the oracles."
"Ew, they're under 300 pounds they must be like, anorexic or some shit. These stories are so great. She the living embodiment of every fat person from FPS. Odd no excuses about her weight. I guess she thinks that's healthy. Poor Jan."
Cant post this to reddit without a pic of my girlfriend to show off! 396 SQFT garage conversion into apt
"Come on, Vin Diesel in The Pacifier was amazing. Vin Diesel's 2 best roles. A grunting robot. And a grunting tree. I think both have like 1 actual line of dialogue."
"Rand voted to support your right to beat on your property if you so choose. Both of my senators voted against. Damn it Kentucky, why can't you elect reasonable people?"
"""very much opposed to people driving while intoxicated"" drives while intoxicated Oh believe me I'm defensive as hell when it comes to driving. I'm very much opposed to people driving while intoxicated so I'm not worried about the slope but thank you for your concern, you seem like a responsible drug user. I think I'm going to do 2-3 mg of 4 aco and 15 mg fma."
Yeah...*No smog* in NY Fog machines to simulate the smog?
"Maybe because his hair is made of plastic, and not hot enough to move? Has anyone else noticed about Shulk.."
"Nah, that would just prolong his eligibility into the HOF Tebow"
"Console peasant. If I were you, I'd just buy it on the PS Store, start the preload, be playing at midnight exactly, and get a refund from those lying bastards when you get around to it, because that shit is unacceptable in every way. Hell, I was thinking of doing the same thing just because I don't want to waste the fifteen minutes it'll take to get my copy in hand and back home."
"Yeah but they have their right turn signal on The city should just set up someone at the Heron Road bridge during rush hour. Assholes are **always** taking the bus lane across the bridge because it's so busy. Like there's no way anyone is that dumb. ""Oh gee all these people aren't moving but there's an empty lane. I'll just take it, surely there's no reason that *everyone else* is ignoring this completely empty lane."""
"Trust me I want to, she doesn't Then fuck, dude. Fuck."
"Wow, love the radically different cooler designs between the different board partners! Sapphire and PowerColor Radeon RX 480 pictured as well"
"Well if you look closely you will see that he is actually just turning into the corner. ""Defending."""
"You don't think that CEO's are useless and that anyone can do his job? Are you kidding me? Those people are literally at the pinnacle of their sports. Try to be at the top of the top of anything. I bet you you will get paid millions whatever you are doing. Besides, it's SPORTS man. This thread is a shit show."
"Why would I build sightstone it gives me no fucking AP? Liking the support champion diversity this patch but please buy a sightstone! Too many Brand/Veigar/Karma/Zyra's going full AP, if you wanna play that go MID."
Yep Blazers won it was awesome. We just witnessed one of the greatest moments in NBA history. Twice. In one night.
"I started working out last night and now I literally can't use my phone anymore because I'm too strong and keep snapping it I dunno man, my buddy accidentally lifted a barbell once and got atleast half as jacked as OP's picture."
"I'm certain employees wearing visible christian symbols would face the same barriers to employment, and this isn't just bigotry against certain minorities. Unless it is a religious establishment, I expect religion to stay at home. If following your beliefs/customs mean more to you than being a good fit for the job, then yes, I would say that it is your own fault that you didn't get hired."
i mean honestly who wouldn't want to do that if you stayed with her Why though.
Home inspections are for suckers who want to waste their money on a scam. Most mortgage companies require a home inspection and even if they didn't you always want to get one. You don't want any surprises upon moving in. Maybe you mean fuck appraisers?
"see, this is why we need a trolley system A test run bus has scraped its undercarriage at the crest of the ramp exiting The Grove's new underground transit center at 8th and Main."
"If you ask me, the ancient Greeks were more accepting Perhaps, but do bear in mind that bigotry is at historic lows. We're in the least bigoted era in human history &amp; things are improving quickly (in the early 1990's for example, most Americans disapproved of interracial marriage: now, most approve. There's a similar, more recent trend with gay marriage)."
"The next Call of duty is coming out in 6 months or so, why would they fix this now? Call of Duty Lag Compensation Glitch - Something Worse is Going On"
B-but then how will we know who's winning? I'm all for up/down votes for single comments. But no karma on the account.
Haha so funny... SHRLMP LEAKED GONE WRONG SEXUAL (18+)
"You're right, the whole time I've been playing warframe I was so afraid of 5 bombards and 3 gunners in a nullifier bubble that I didn't even want to attempt to go in a void defense mission. I see you haven't ever played void defense."
"Rossi's fall in in Valencia 2006 was an inside job. Money has a larger influence than we think in MotoGP. I don't want to say that they effectively cheat, or exactly how, maybe they are just ""creating the right conditions"". I don't wanna go full conspiratard here, but some things are just too much of a coincidence. For example, Hayden's title. The US had no titles since Kenny Roberts Jr, no home GP, and a single GP rider that wasn't doing so well. They add the USGP in 2005, and that very first year Hayden wins his first race ever .... his home race. Next year he wins the title, and then he never wins a race again. Odd, right?"
Dat dekt de eerste paar weekjes kinderopvang wel.. SGP wil 1000 euro bonus bij eerste baby
"Good thing I'm using AdBlocker when I watch those ISIS videos Jihadist website profiting from online advertising, including U.S. companies"
You mean the flag of the American government? Flag of America's Jewish community
"But Xbox Live always crashes on a Tuesday! Word of advice, don't buy games on Mondays. Weekly sales always go live on a Tuesday."
"everyone knows republicans are the only ones to commit election fraud and voter suppression. More than the typical Hillary v Sanders race, has the DNC even made any comments about this kind of thing at all this election season? Or do they not care about this stuff going on? Genuinely curious."
"Glenn Danzig is Italian, right? How did you go from a guido style blowout to a devil-lock? That's like a complete 180."
Stupid American buying into the size zero trend. She looks so beautiful.
If you disagree with something it's widely held to be considered racist how is it rascist
"No, too cinematic You mean 5fps doesn't cut it for you?"
"**ROOKIE MISTAKE** If she's not giving a CIM BJ after your first text, you went full beta. It was the second message of a tinder convo"
"Everyone knows that Vene/Callisto/Black chin pkers are usually really good at the game, I'm surprised you managed to take them down, let alone escape When the vene pkers are too pro"
"Because ranked needs more ball chasers. Great idea from Kronovi's stream i'm watching Kronovi's stream at the moment, on twitch his username is camgears if you didnt know already, go give him some views! But the idea came from how he was complaining about how bad his luck is with getting painted wheels and he had a great idea. Whether its his original or hes heard it before, his idea was to have quests; daily's, weekly's, and monthly ones to get guaranteed drops. So for the daily, make it be get 30 goals or something and you're guaranteed to get a uncommon drop and the harder the quest the better the drop. I LOVE THIS IDEA because it gives you something else to ""do"" and i'm a very objective based gamer. Anyways please give your opinion on the matter and any other similar ideas, and as always if this has been said before i apologize i never saw it! Cheers! gg!"
"THAT'S OFFENSIVE Unfortunately not here. I see it a lot, hear it a lot, and then tend to either get excluded or talked to by some creepy 50+ guy."
Really I never knew that Chicago almost never votes Republican though.
"[But you can eat her soul] Now while you gave me perspective on why she does this, I still need a suggestion on somewhere to eat. We can't eat analogies :/"
"I disagree with you, so I will click le disagree button... There are dozens of us, Pansy... Dozens."
"No Ken Masters, 0/10 This is probably what tomorrow will look like"
"Well your personal experience obviously trumps the person's who you were replying to. Bullshit. Your personal experience is the shit you've read on reddit. I have 3 very good friends that are cops and all of them would rather stop you and warn you rather than write you a ticket. Tickets for them = paperwork, potential court date, and a pain in their ass. The only reason they're dicks is because their higher-ups make them be. I also know a few older guys that are ex cops or detectives and every one of them would jump in front of a bullet to save an innocent person. The 1% scum are the *only* idiots you hear about. If you don't hear about the police if they're doing their job, and if you do hear about them for doing their job, it's one of your friends bitching about a ticket or getting busted doing something wrong. I've had 1 negative interaction with the police and it's because they were on a drug bust and we accidentally stepped right into it but weren't the guys they were trying to bust."
For entirely other reasons And now he's fucked off.
"I don't know man... There's something veeeeery suspicious using the word ""al"" Al Jazeera typically does fantastic work. I wish Americans weren't irrationally terrified of it."
"huge moves we're making, gonna take this league by storm Report: Seahawks attempting to re-sign Russell Okung"
Optic cod team to debut tomorrow in the online cup Lethul and Ace just tweeted that something fucking Insane just happened And Flame has been on his phone 24/7
"With a success rate like that, how does he even have the time to be messaging you? ""Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?"""
"Wii U is solid proof of that... Disagree. All it needs is great 1st party support. No drought like the wii u or lack of genres. As long as Nintendo gives solid 1st party support, it will sell a lot and 3rd party will support it. All it 'needs' are sales. And sales come from games, not 1080p 60fps ability."
"How do you make a crew *want* to get off a Nuk...... Red October was real... ? Modern and undamaged russian submarine found 2750m from swedish coast, crew presumed to be dead."
"No, they're emoji's. See no evil, hear no evil, speak no evil"
I'M SORRY PROPAGATING THE HUMAN RACE OFFENDS YOU Most of my friends got married and have kids now. I am sick of everyone's conversation being about kids and how expensive and exhausting it is to have them... What did you expect?
scripts SKP Sencux with the sick Xerath predictions
"Men are disposable, silly! Funny how people react to things. You'd think they'd all be upset over the thousands slaughtered during ww2. But one chick gets killed and that's just too much. I think as a species we over value lives/rights of our own kind at times. There's this new cultural phenomenon where it seems like every injustice must be met by mass hysteria or we've lost our humanity."
So you're saying visa supports terrorism? Introducing the Shift Card. Bitcoin Can Now Be Used Anywhere VISA is Accepted
"That's mayweather's job. ""I run **from** boxing."""
No one tell him what happened at the end of Siege... Has Sentry ever gotten his own comic series? I like sentry a lot
I don't see any difference ^^^this ^^^is ^^^brawl
That's just terrible of him I remember that Travis said that he and Regi are good friends.
"Crosby Best player not yet in Hall of Fame? Makarov and Lindros were popular picks for best players not enshrined in the Hockey Hall of Fame for a long time, as they were snubbed year after year. After this year's induction, who's the new best player not in the HHOF? (Players need to be retired for 3 years to be eligible, so don't say Brodeur)"
"maybe blacks should just learn to stop getting caught with their dope! Self report statistics show that between the races use is the same, yet arrests heavily go towards blacks"
"To be fair Lennon's woman ruined The Beatles. See, he gave a half-assed apology after he beat his women so it's OK. Not at all the same exact thing Chris Brown did."
It's not like they have to take multiple shots or anything One prisoner is looking up the other forward. One has more spread out knees than the other. I call bs
5.1 was a really good raid tier too! A kul tiras storyline would have cost us a raid tier though.
"Alliance favoritism as always, blizz. Orgrimmar and Stormwind Portal Stones You are given these for your respective faction to teleport to your capital and start the Broken Shores scenario. The Orgrimmar Portal Stone has a base 5 second cast time. However, the Stormwind Portal Stone is instant-cast. Why? :("
"Yeah, but I seem to recall the Caps saying that Orpik isn't that important because they won without him for a good part of the year THE BROOKS ORPIK REPLACEMENT FUCKED UP THE PLAY THAT LED TO THE GOAL. CAN. YOU. BELIEVE IT. I CAN"
"Gotta get that extra 3 inches for better snipez 17""? Seems a little... overkill."
"Because that's what people thought of, so that's what people wanted, and if people want something they expect it and deserve it. Why the fuck did anyone actually think there was going to be dinosaurs? A dinosaur survival game in an FPS wouldn't even make sense and it probably wouldn't be that fun. Most people don't see that if there were dinosaurs it would probably have to be either br open world and different types of dinosaurs, just a bunch of veloceraptors running at you while running into each others assholes like in zombies, or only a couple dinosaurs coming at you at a time with a shitload of health which would probably be boring. It wouldn't work like extinction would due to dinosaurs not being able to use technology, have weapons and armour, and come from meteorites. It wouldn't work like zombies because they are not dumb enough to just run around in a circle and chase you. Hell maybe if they have another release saying that they have a different survival mode as well ill look like an idiot, but even before the reveal of the game I've seen no chance of there being dinosaurs."
"But then people will tell me I didn't earn my gloves because they're not from the raid and then kick me from the fire team SGA: the new IB Gloves need Ascendents, not Radiants; save your Shards! Useful for those aiming to hit 32 before Iron Banner ends. This should help in determining which armor pieces get your limited Radiant Shards. I'm sharding my Raid Gloves for those 2 more shards to throw in my boots now."
"Jesus, they're both winners. The same kind the slept the rest of my labor saying he was tired and only woke up when it was time to push. (MIL obviously isn't our only issue sadly...)"
"We don't like change! If the world survived a 90% mass extinction, I'm sure it can survive this. It will survive after we kill ourselves off, survive after we wipe off 90% of the world's life, and in the end who gives a shit anyways since the sun is going to burn out in a few billion years."
But then he will have to sell the rest of his GP to pay for the RSI treatment. fucking man up and train the way everyone else has been for years.
"But how do you make moneys? More of a reason for us to remember the names of lost instead of the names of the killers. Study the killers motives, mind, history... but spend little to no time on the news talking about him, showing his face, or saying his name."
"Oh sweet, so NA is finally getting the PS2 game Berserk Musou - PS Vita version gameplay"
"Uh no, the overwhelming consensus from the armchair political anylsts on Reddit, HuffPo, Vox, and Salon is that he's packing his cabinet with racists Pretty much. This is as normal of a cabinet as it could be."
"Worked for Neda But once there's press coverage, it won't be an accident, and the world will know. You don't need armor to stop a bullet, you need a camera."
"Filthy casuals, am I right? Yeah, who hasn't heard of exhausts on a light based weapon? hurr durr durr, of course they needs exhaust. What a stupid thing to say, indeed. Thanks, asshat! Oh, and if I had a mere 3 months old account with a whooping -7 karma, I'd probably shut my asshole and not look stupid as shit. But that's jsut me. The guy who is stupid for thinking exhausts on a lightsaber is far fetched."
"| ""One result is that tens of thousands of needy Virginians are condemned to live without health insurance ..."" so Obamacare doesn't fix this problem? ""Republicans in Richmond have gerrymandered Virginia so thoroughly that they control two-thirds of the 100 seats in the House of Delegates even though the state is as purple as they come. One result is that tens of thousands of needy Virginians are condemned to live without health insurance ..."""
"Because obviously it is Allah who cures you not medicine This is very true. All my family members give donations to Mosque instead of giving to hospital, treat disease, help the poor (except for zakat), etc."
"If some good idea happens to be western then we should not adopt it because it is against our culture. Secularism is defined only one way. Claiming the definition to be ""western"" will only do disservice."
"WOO, so its gonna create jobs! What really suuuuuuuuucks is being the ISP; we get 50+ infringement notices per day which we'll now need to start taking seriously. Calling/notifying 50+ customers per day is rough."
Not if they tie. The curse lives either way...Sean Mac or Evan get a ring.
Because lace thongs are big in nunland. She probably wants attention without appearing to be a slut.
qbert offended the colorblind Qbert did NOTHING WRONG!
I should've added the How can you get that wrong in a conversation about that very word?
The most surprising thing about this video is that HotshotGG is playing LeBlanc. Zed is Dumb champ
"I know, isn't the mutual lack of trust between police and the public just hilarious? Haaaaaaaaaaa."
"#NOT MUH JOKER I expected more from suicide squad music videos and Joker Leto character tweaks (thoughts) Well I will divide this into 2 parts, just want to share my thoughts and hear yours. On thing is confirmed that the reshoots were not for jokes but for the music videos and the blitz trailer, so warner Bros are not in panic state. 1) When the music videos for suicide squad were announced, I thought it would be a bit realistic, as in Turkish Airlines did with all visit to Gotham, lex having a verified twitter account, so i expected the singers to visit Belle reeve prison to shoot some music videos and meet these characters. I know it is a far a stretch, but it would have confirmed that the universe is existing with our current universe. Also it would have been huge balls for WB to do something outside the box 2) Joker character tweak Now before people will even read this, they will typing NOT MUH JOKER, but just read it When the Joker music video was announced as since it is confirmed he is a gangster, I also wanted him to be rapster. The music video will be a rap, and it would be cool to have a Joker music video with him rapping, it would be mocking Robin, batman killing (breaking his own rule) , superman dead and all sort of things. It would had been really out of the box. I know that you have already typed NOT MUH JOKER, but this would have been a risk which would have paid off. It would build some story between batman and Joker, also Joker rapster will be bit different and unique What are your thoughts?"
"Well if you account for the 7 out of 28 days a month where women are completely unable to function as normal humans, it just about equals out. Correct! That is one of the biggest fallacies of this ridiculous argument. It would get arbitraged away immediately. No amount of bigotry would get in the way of profits."
I feel like Daley with a broken ankle is still faster than Maatta Looks like Olli Maatta will get back in with Trevor Daley unlikely to go.
"PS4.5 coming this holiday season. Next gen consoles aren't out. Or did you mean *current* gen? Surely you did, right?"
To hide their expired tags Why do black people always back in to parking spaces?
I'm no doctor but my best guess would be to kill yourself immediately. Starting to develop a craving for flies and my skin is turning scaly. Wat do?
Yeah since the article clearly isn't backing up exactly what the title is saying with sound studies and information that is properly sourced Would be cool if the title wasn't such shameless clickbait...
"guns are dangerous you shouldn't ever even go near them -- philadelphia subreddit Archery and shooting lessons in the area? Hey everyone, just moved here this month. I've been looking to learn about archery and shooting for a while. Unfortunately, Google searching didn't yield a lot of places that teach archery near the city so I was wondering if you had recommendations. I found several places that taught shooting and had basic firearms safety and other intro classes, but was wondering if Reddit had any personal experiences or recommendations. Thanks!"
can tell its a redditor with that cheeky CF De Bruyne Just played this crazy team with squad name of Reddit F9 I think
"Do it! Guy Verhofstadt: If European Commission doesn't act over Poland, the European Parliament will have to enact article 7"
Cause they wouldn't? Look on the bright side sixer fans - atleast people stopped asking if you'd beat Kentucky
Didn't I hear about the cubs doing something like this lately? Bengals re-sign cut player to help pay for his daughter's cancer treatment
"OH MY GOSH THAT THING IS TERRIFYING PUT IT BACK WHERE IT CAME FROM HOW DO CALL THAT CUTE? I have to draw my FNaF characters cuter than cute, opinions?"
But he's already beaten the game and it's too linear to replay! Surely he can't be too dejected. He just bought himself even more time to play that new video game.
"I thought all Asians were smart , bigots"
"Uncanny foresight by Soros to cut his stake in Herbalife during Q3 before the DoJ's investigation into supplement sales announcement, almost as if they knew beforehand...... DOJ Launching Investigation Into dietary supplement sales Who will be most hit by this? GNC? Herballife?"
"Yeah except with a shotgun you can load it with buckshot and create a wall of lead shreading everything in front of it. This is all very useful advice if you're limited to a shotgun for some reason. If you aren't, it seems really antiquated and ineffective. So much time spend discussing reloading technique because magazine capacity is comparatively low. You don't have to be limited to five or nine rounds followed by single-shot-reloads. You can use a modern rifle with a 30 round magazine and you're basically set unless attacked by the mafia."
"Because some people feel we must burn the witches, no matter what! He pays an accountancy to make sure things like this don't happen. They're paid to accept liability. why can't anyone understand this?"
"I'm so excited for TBMs to send me the summary to ""answer my question"". Coming up: worldwide devotional broadcast on First Vision Accounts, tonight at 6 p.m. MDT (Richard J. Maynes)"
"He does the dumb quite often, does he? Grant's Barry is a dumb."
"Well, were they? MRW I tell my friend about the patient I picked up off the side of the road who was naked, wrapped in a sheet, and trying to throw herself into traffic because she was having a psychotic episode and all he wants to know is ""were her tits nice?"""
"Must be a fake account, no seahawks fans before 2005 '83 AFC Championship, by far. Losing to the fucking Raiders after sweeping them in the regular season."
*obviously* so Flacco's the best QB ?
Yeah they are definitely a worse team without their all star point guard. Are Portland a better team with or without Damian Lillard? A friend of mine was discussing this with me saying that the Blazers are a better team without Lillard. He brings up the points of Lillards questionable defence and the fact that he needs the ball in his hands to influence the game. Without Lillard the offense flows better. He needs to learn when to take over the game and when to settle and defer to others. Tony Parker could have scored 25 a night if he wanted to but understood what it took to win. What is your opinion on this?
"Let's compare that to how many people have died from democide... Oh wait, but without government there would be more deaths better than street drugs"
"I'm sorry but I don't vote for bad candidates, nuclear war be damned. She really wasn't. She was nothing. She could have been a brick or a ham sandwich and it would have been smarter to have a brick set down on the desk of the oval office than have Trump and his cabinet of billionaire warmongers and oil barons. And when people die in this war they are *already* selling America on, your principles about the purity test of Clinton won't mean a damn."
But if you compare his populism and success fueled by hatred of a minority to previous dictators then obviously you think he's literally hitler That's because he reminds me of previous fascist dictators.
"Them union people, always getting rich quick, stealing from poor innocent businessmen trying to make an honest living Now you know what unions do to you."
Just don't forget that the one or two *hundred* (hell sometimes it feels like thousand) other people you see on that credit roll are making just slightly less than that. Movie stars make MILLIONS.. and the people who sign their checks make BILLIONS.. I'm not feeling any guilt about getting all my movies for free.
"When did this turn into a debate about religion? It's because people say and want the make believe fake bullshit to exist so much and you're tearing your hair out trying to deal with their stupid, then boom, something so deliciously good happens and their whole belief system is shown to be fucking shit. And it's undeniable. And they can't deny it, they just fall silent and their eyes glaze over and they walk away."
Must have our eye on a fourth goalie! RUMOR: Philadelphia Union ask Rais M'Bolhi to be the clubs GK coach
I bet there is a special place in hell for them NH women are ~boy crazy~
"No, he does it for the taste! You drink for the sole purpose of getting drunk?"
"There is no specification for how many sentences before you can TL;DR though, right? Did you just TL;DR a two sentence post?"
"Right - we were so much better when rivers were so polluted they caught on fire and there was nothing we could do about it. The more ""powerful"" you make a regulatory body, the more attractive it is to regulatory capture. The very idea that you can ""regulate"" ***is*** the problem."
"No doubt our elected representatives will do what's in our best interest, not simply acting out the will of the highest bidder Wall Street is pumping more money into Republican campaigns this election cycle, betting that a flip in the Senate could usher in revisions to a key financial reform law"
"Win win! Or, worst case scenario, they don't have a canyon of maturity in between them and he's an immature ass."
"Guns are tools, people! Assault Weapon."
"caution op if you being intolerant towards other religions Controversial showerthought: With all due respect to those in crisis, imagine if a Hindu IAS officer said the Tamil Nadu floods were wrath of Murugan on Evangelist sinners."
It makes me happy that you don't need to add a The Westboro Baptist Church. They are just so loveable!
"WE WANT BLOOD NOT EVIDENCE so because he probably has evidence we should throw someone a ban? if he has all that and it comes out thats a different story, but half of the replies in here are already saying ban someone who, as of yet, as nothing to do with this."
More like 'awetism'. DeviantArt is a fucking goldmine
I'm sure this will put a quick end to the issue and Korea will totally forgive Japan. Japan sends Y1 bil to S Korean 'comfort women' foundation
"Oh gosh I loved that one, too bad about that whole raping thing. Cosby had a joke that as a kid, he was convinced his brother was named ""Goddamnit"" and he was ""Jesus Christ"" because of his father's yelling when they did something. ie: Goddamnit! What's wrong with you?! Jesus Christ! Why would you do that?!"
They get hit with a car? A couple of strikes with the whip
Maybe he's from Baltimore? Not sure if this was a cover up...
"Did you try turning it off and back on again? I was playing a game when my PC suddenly turns off, now it won't turn back on. Can someone please help."
But you can't have a soul booster because she is ginger. Having a brown boots and 1 empty slot prevents your from buying soul booster/octarine core
"Guys if your not going to buy wards all day erryday you shouldnt pick support, just pick another carry - we can all carry each other to victory! I'm tired of these complaints, especially when I see this..."
"Bag just has to be waterproof. In all fairness, have you ever tried to put gas in a bag with zippers? Doesn't work that well."
Then where are the cops pulling him over? I spend a lot of time trying for photorealism (f40)
"Yeah, god forbid a woman has any talents other than looking good She actually pretty hot but for the last few years she has been playing a frumpy character on Boardwalk Empire. Hope her career takes off after this."
Everyone uses the Proxy server. When your bro makes you cri ery teim.
"Clearly just a rip off of the greatest game ever made, No Man's Sky... Star Citizen Planet to Planet Quantum Jumping"
Does this make the grapes gay? Rainbow grapes
Kevin Bacon? Yes but its the person who is the new Terminator that is the shock
What a corporate shill Please don't tell me she got booed
"He can sue Redeye for defamation of character! Americans are programmed to take offence to everything, which is why they struggle with banter."
"It can, when that island belongs to pesky 'primitives' that oughta be put in reservations or casinos Yeah, but a state can't take an island and go ""this belongs to us now""."
Looks like a prude Ready and waiting
Yep noone playes gto must be worthless to put any time approaching the game in that way at all If you think you're playing GTO - You're not! Not my statement but a statement from non other than Doug Polk on his entertaining twitch stream last night. That sure is going to sting some people round these parts who thought they were re-inventing fire :)
"That somehow, as system application, has almost 5 stars and resides along with other MS apps in Best-rated section... I do wonder, who's behind such idea. Can't forget about Calculator."
"I'm agreeing with you, forgot the I can't tell if you're agreeing with me and mocking the guy I replied to, or sarcastically disagreeing with a point that I didn't make."
"The end justifies the means, right? Hey, just shows we know how important this is."
But he wrote it at a time she was of age so it doesn't count *barfs* Reddit never misses a chance to sexualize young girls
"Tie barbed wire around his knees and pull back really hard Paul Watson is fucking cancer. He's the embodiment of the smug, upper middle class white guy who doesn't know shit but thinks he's a political genius because he read some Rand and Friedman."
Also technically Fir The Brave **BARTRE THE BRAVE!**
Those stupid outriggers made him lose control! Motorcycle with and without ABS
This is all Hack Snyder's fault Rick Famuyiwa Leaves 'The Flash' Over Creative Differences
OP works for deadspin duh why not link to the actual article instead of the garbage deadspin layer
"Maybe they couldn't find actual THC, but water has memory and it's now stoned water New tests show no marijuana in Colorado town's water"
Don't worry those will be sold separately! All i want is two analog sticks!!
"Yeah but it's not the NEW game! ""...miss the days of BC2..."" Duuuude, SO many full PC servers on a daily basis. No need to deal with the bullshit of BF3/4 when you can still actually play the better game (BC2)!"
"You win man, Yao Ming was really 6'9""......let usmask the NBA. The NBA has an incentive to exaggerate height. It makes their sport seem more amazing to the casual fan."
But I thought Slark was OP and uncounterable! Not to mention if he's constantly auto picking slark he's probably getting constantly countered. If he were to pick more situationally he'd probably have a better win rate.
He'll hire the best people. I feel like the less clusterfuck the worse trump looks. I feel like he didn't know what was going on when itcomes to substantive questions. Rubio and CRuz looked sharp
"Those countries are nazi socialist totalitarian hellholes with no freedom Um, in fairness, several developed countries have relatively nice jails, or at least don't take pride in making their jails shitty."
made perfect sense to me. Ok. My daughter and her great grandmother are the sane generation because they were alive at the same time. It hurt my brain to type that.
"This! Maybe because nowadays we are more exposed to people doing just ""reactions"" to some event and nothing more. Like all theses reactions video, and social network buzzing after a major event. Because we are more exposed to it we don't feel like its useless anymore and we start to enjoy it... Strange way where people's interest is going ! Haha kidding just wanted to say lol."
"its not a MAMA in HK without fantastic baby tho Speaking of Fantastic Baby, I wonder if this is the year they stop singing it at the Mamas"
You probably had Number One and Spoon Bender to make such a weird yellow ring... Where is my laser ring? Someone can explain it?
It was God's will! I was on a ladder climbing onto a roof when lighting struck the roof. I still can't hear worth a shit.
"Because these are the questions everybody is just dying to know the answers too. New TBM Facebook post: ""Dispelling 5 Myths about Mormons."""
They really are insightful. Askreddit comments are insightful.
"Em G D A I dont think theres ever been a famous chord sequence off those four In a rut? Try the 4 note riff challenge! Hey guys! I see a lot of posts about people who get stuck in a creative rut with their soloing or rhythm playing. I myself have struggled with this. Most of the time, I find my riffs sound stale because I phrase everything the same way and after a while, it gets old. Anyways, I came up with a cool little exercise that I like to challenge myself with. I'd like to share it with you in the hopes that at least someone will find it useful. Plus, I'd love to see what everyone can come up with. It's called... ### THE 4 NOTE RIFF CHALLENGE **Here's how it works:** 1. pick any 4 notes on the fretboard (only 4!!!) 2. Come up with a riff using only those 4 notes (feel free to use any techniques to embellish it - hammer-on's, pull-offs, slides, pinch harmonics, etc.) 3. Record yourself playing your riff (crappy phone quality is adequate) 4. Share it with us! -or- reply to somebody's riff using the same 4 notes, but phrase it in your own way *** Make sure to either play your 4 notes slowly at the beginning of your recording and/or just type up the notes you used. The end goal is to come up with something cool and a little different that you can use to get out of your rut. If you can write a kickass 4 note riff, you can write a kickass solo! **Let's see what you got!**"
"But if you bundle it with digital cable, you can save HUNDREDS per year! The best TWC offers is 50/5 for $75."
"Ah, so then we should only let black people off? The war on drugs and being ""tough on crime"" was the continuation of Jim Crow."
"Don't forget, it's all Kap's fault too. Ah yes, the weekly ""player X sucks, wtf are we doing"" thread. Last week it was Jonathan Martin. The week before it was Mike Iupati. I wonder who it'll be next week?"
"Thank you for continuing the stereotype that Ron Paul supporters are a bunch of pot-heads. What better way to spend 4/20 than going to a Ron Paul town hall! Hope to see some of you in Pittsburgh. Anxiously counting down the time. Bring as many as you can! It's at 7 PM at Pitt university. Going to be a madhouse. The Pirates have a home game and the Pens have a playoff game. Leave with plenty of time to make it. Doors open at 6:30, but there are early entry tix to get in at 6 PM. Let's show a little home town love!"
"Ike Perlmutter If Kevin Feige left Marvel Studios, who would take over?"
"Yes I'm sure it's 100% his fault, and there are no greater systemic problems From this article it doesn't seem to be so much the ""farce of a justice system"" but rather one asshole of a judge."
"Good quote, but not as good as the last one I read Live Your Life"
"Well, women don't lie about rape, but *men* obviously would. So, let me get this straight. They don't want Israel to acknowledge that men can be raped because they think men are going to block every rape charge with a counter-rape-charge, and thus freeze everything in court? I don't know how the Israeli Justice System works, but that's ridiculous on so many levels."
Cue the collective gasp of surprise. German officials say Erdogan supports militants
"It's not like he can shrink his suit down or anything Also not wearing his fucking suit. Or putting it on at any point. They would never have been captured if he had put it on, no one can out punch, shoot, or grapple him. Surprised no one else has mentioned it tbh"
I don't know what you are talking about. You guys were quite receptive the last time the Germans were there.
"At this point what does it matter? Lol, obama is as corrupt as bushie and friends. Once you reach that level, does it matter?"
You guys have no respect for a woman who landed under sniper fire. Bingo. He was there supporting her. In the video she thanks him by name. She personally wrote him a letter thanking him for supporting the fight for Universal Health care. Then 20 years later she's willing to turn around and lie saying he wasn't there. That says something about a person's character.
I wish i was lucky to get a bunch of One Makes You Small pills so i can rake up so much free karma Sooo tiny
Real mature username Found in a 1970s yearbook
"Well, you wouldn't want to risk that the money might be spent on roads, schools, libraries, parks, or, dare I say, aid to the poor and infirm. Which will lead to another dozen defense of marrage bills being passed by the state legislature pandering to the rock eaters who vote in Alabama. Ultimately costing the state millions of dollars in legal fees."
Whose the girl on the bottom left? X-MEN Apocalypse Empire Magazine Covers
"Fuck origin. It is free for some time now, but in case someone ddn't know you can get Red Alert 2 for free on Origin"
"He's bald, and that is by far the most embarrassing thing that could ever happen to you. I would say Marcus Louis, but that would just be plain mean."
Yes because primes also zoom... 50mm 1.8
[The 5 guys that got ported away are essentially token player characters.] I know very little about Final Fantasy 14 or ARR but that End of an Era cinematic was amazing. I don't know who any of those characters are (I assume the dragon is Bahamut) but my god did I develop an attachment for them and that old wizard guy. I hope there's something like this in Legion during the Broken Isles intro.
"This guy is clearly the beacon of reasonable thought in this thread. maybe if you white knight more she might like you, you fucking pathetic faggot"
"WOW I NEVER HEARD OF SUCH CARD BEFORE Finally, a counter to face hunter! You'll be able to pop an explosive trap on an empty board AND HAVE YOUR MINION SURVIVE!"
"Yeah, weakening the first amendment of the constitution is a good idea! Good, I wish the U.S. would make this an arrestable offence."
The disclaimer that this video may be offensive is offensive to me. Pimp My Reich
"But if you have nothing to hide, what's the big deal? Its true, and people should be aware of this. I am amazed people are not more ticked off at the government for allowing/contributing to our lack of privacy. Its like the general public kind of knows this but doesn't want to believe it is really happening."
LE SJW CABAL STRIKES AGAIN The bad thing is that they aren't making a joke. They are just another sub that is modded by ridiculous SJWs. I made a joke in the comments about identifying as some ridiculous thing (like the attack helicopter copypasta) and I was banned immediately.
It's alright though because she won't gain a tolerance for the 120mg like she did for the 60mg... 120mg amphetamine a day will do that to ya.
"yeh or why don't you just not play the game because you obviously don't like how it is now dat logic though. Why don't we just make every single gun a one shot kill since that's how it is ""in real life combat"""
Fc soon? Vaxei | Reizokou Mitara Pudding ga Nai +DT 86.5% PASS
That ought to hurt his morale! I'd sub him out immediatly and not play him for a couple games.. Im punishing Stephan Lichsteiner for doing this to me last game Replaced him with a Center Back in the Right back position
everyone wins i dont see the problem Wk aghs can makes duels give damage to both participants
Good Drops Because they are fun/good drops.
"""Freedom ain't free"" and you're just not rich enough to afford ""freedom"". As an American - How it feels to see all these Bitcoin debit card companies avoiding the US due to our regulations"
"You don't even show your rank, obviously S1 noob Aha, thats why you are nova 1, because you are invincible."
Or Seneca Wallace Or Steve Young.
"Omg spoilers bro! ""Man, did you see what happened on Lost last night?"" ""You know that show's fake, right? They're not really on an island."""
Giuliani could do to diplomacy what Scarborough has done to journalism! Scarborough: Giuliani would be 'disastrous' pick for State
you think he's getting down to welterweight for that moneyfight with McGregor? Dana's looking pretty fit
Yes of course were talking about carrots Are we still talking about carrots here?
You dropped your Not really. Studies have proven it isn't.
Yes because an alliance centered around 1 day old newbies totally has a cap fleet to match that of PL get good
Kids never lie! what if he was wrongly convicted?
At the end Where should I start this show? Do I start at season 1 or some other season? Does it matter? Is there a continuous story?
"Because killing Mobs in RNG Maps is **soooo** much better than killing Mobs in fixed Zones that scale to your level right? Grim dawn's levelling experience is really nice, too bad the game doesn't have any endgame."
No Oracle did This is why god made virtualbox.
Sorry can't afford that Only if it's a PAm!
"""I'm vegan but I eat meat..."" I am Muslim but ...."
to get obliterated by Bjergsen. good luck vs ge tigers! Hope skt makes it to msi
"""My house isn't on fire, why are we wasting money funding fire departments!"" With roads, bridges, fire departments..."
Too soon This reminds me of ryze on the patch he got reworked
"It was ops fault, if he had just let the guy pass him from the parking lane might have stayed in a legal lane before the cop saw. I am genuinely interested how he thinks getting pulled over for that was not his own fault."
"Yeah fucking black people, am i right? Fucking bullshit ever since I moved to America at the age of 8. It was always the black kids who picked on me for being Asian more than anyone else."
Because lack of access to salt water makes you selfish and dumb. Why do people close to water like Hillary?
Those both seem like likely outcomes. Would there be anybody brave enough to stand up for liberty if Hillary or the Donald becomes a dictator?
No you're wrong we need to stop evil Russia and cause WW3! Fucking everybody on Reddit that has a hard on for the US to go to war with Russia and save Ukraine.
"Should have put in Tebow smh The only decision I don't get from last night is pinch hitting Soup for Loney. It was against the same pitcher that started the game, so if he felt Soup was a better option in the 8th, why wouldn't he just start the game over Loney? I just don't see the train of thought"
"The world should be and eye for an eye am I rite? Apparently it is society's fault he did all those things, he is blameless."
"As we all know scims are serious business I agree that those comments were bold as fuck but, I really doubt players base those arguments on the LCS games. They base em out of scrimms and performance through the week. That is why he talks like they would have beaten c9 any other day, still i dont believe they are 2nd best team but he doesnt base those facts on the LCS games."
"Yeah, that'll pass Bill to be introduced in Illinois legislature to ban all semiautomatic rifles, pistols, and shotguns."
One eye poke made the fight ))): Let the hate begin.
I dupe glitch to Master Prestige this. I second this.
"...scumbags. I know right, what a crime that our way of life has been successful and prosperous."
"Racism doesn't work in that direction, do you even real life bro? The whole situation just seems ironic..."
"Clearly, the Rapture is right around the corner. High Priest Chosen Recently In Israel"
"You must have forgotten the students in school should be studying instead of befriending students of the opposite sex, invariably leading to dating. once they secure good jobs, after school and college, their parents will arrange a marriage for them, which is the best way to get married. remember the sad marital lives of people in the west? it is all because of their liberal dating culture since high school"
"But... but your logix isn't romantic at all, and is shitting all over walt disney's dreams for young girls everywhere! Regarding thinking about ""why"" you love someone, I think the problem lies in the honesty of your answers. People won't admit their true reasons, and will basically list of good things about their partner, not necessarily the things that actually fuel their love. Love is a selfish and greedy emotion. For example, I like one of my partners, P, because she's understanding, rational, shares a lot of my interests in TV, and creative. However, I love her because she is a reliable source of sex, affection, and confidence-boosting compliments. She also does things I don't enjoy like cooking and certain chores. She likes me because I am also a reliable source of many of the same things, except instead of cooking and certain chores, I provide her with security, financial help, and assistance with her anxiety, especially as she's just starting to face real adult decisions. So long as the relationship remains mutually beneficial, it will continue. I know many people who I like for the same reasons I like P, but they don't provide me the things that make me love P. Love, in a romantic relationship, is always selfish. However, because you get so much from this person you love, you want them to remain with you, remain available, and continue providing those things. If they become sad, injured, ill, lazy, different, or especially if they die, they will no longer provide those things to you. As you grow, these things change. You and your partner need to give each other new things. At a very old age, you might start to just be providing each other with company, yet still it is mutually beneficial and thus, will continue. I will admit- If I lost my job, P would probably not be with me anymore, depending if I could still provide her with enough other benefits to being with me. Likewise, if she decided to stop doing certain chores and stop having sex with me regularly, I would probably leave her, too. I know this stuff is true as we have both discussed this. I discuss these things with all of my partners. There's nothing wrong with facing the reality, the honest reasons for your relationship. After all, if your partner doesn't provide you with some selfish needs you have, then what's the point? I'd wager the best relationships are those where the benefit to each other is equal and remains equal for a long time. In fact, knowing why you are together can let you know exactly what you need to do to keep your partner happy, and that sort of clarity takes off lots of stress."
"Yeah, that happened. Proof of God story"
Whenever you have stray ink you can always tell by the ink that it's not meant to be there. That's sounds like an excuse. Look at the flag and it's clearly an upside down flag. No accident.
"So, your dad was OG Chad. Actually, my mom was the one who looked through the list of guys and met with them and decided if she was interested. My dad just went along with her because she was pretty I guess lmao And she rejected all the guys before because they were too short lmaooo (I know my mom is so... smh) And he had no job at that time..."
"I'm sure this will be a very rational discussion, Mick is famous for being very level-headed about the booking decisions of WWE and has never done anything brash like breaking a TV with a baseball bat or threaten to stop watching if the people he likes don't get over. Mick Foley to address Dewey ""controversy"" tomorrow"
Sword Art Online What is the most disgusting anime you have ever watched. For morbid curiosity.
"uhhh, I thought for most men 5-5 1/2 was the average length xD 6"" is average length"
"~~Manning beating Brees's passing yards in single season~~ nvm. What are some records that were the closest to being broken? Obviously AP's rushing yards come to mind, but IIRC Big Ben was close to breaking the single-game passing record, but they didn't realize how close he was so they ran out the clock (I may be wrong)"
"Hey, its their culture you can't criticize this because you just don't understand their culture and eventually they will become more modern. It's okay. God told me to fuck the kid."
"Do they understand what the word ""implode"" means? All the republicans in California keep saying this state is going to implode any minute now."
"But Pinochet brought about the Chile Economic Miracle^TM I'd honestly put Hayek firmly in the 'worst' category. Unlike Rothbard or Hoppe, he actually influenced mainstream economic thought that lead to suffering for hundreds of millions across the US, the UK, and Europe. Hayek's ideas lead to widespread suffering and massive economic decline in South America."
because we're the only state to keep Saint Reagan from bowling a perfect game How is this a nanny state?
"You guys have to stop enjoying them, its making us mad. I've enjoyed them every time I've seen them perform."
Well I guess someone will have to break the bad news to her that a random Internet stranger is only willing to settle for a titty-fuck She's got a great rack. But looks super rich and snooty. Wayy to much effort to date her. I'd still titty-fuck her though.
He was just pretending to be retarded! What do you mean? Are you implying that you were being sarcastic?
"Right, made up. Reddit loves made up crazy ex girlfriend stories."
"Nonsense, I'm sure preventing people from mourning by banning prayer will have no negative consequences whatsoever. I think they've confused ""suppressing dissent"" with ""fanning the flames of outrage."" At least, I hope so."
"Nintendogs stage confirmed for WiiU! For Glory Glitch, wtf?"
"Easy, you just treat all women that way to be sure you don't miss one. How does someone look like she had an abortion? Unless there's still a dead fetus hanging out of her with forceps in its brain, how would you tell?"
Grade A reference right here NO! NO! I'M SINGING!
I should have probably added this little bad boy to my original comment... Oh please. I sat there with a shit-eating grin on my face the *first* time I took it.
"brown manual turbo diesel shooting brake gtfo Not to crap on anyone's opinions, because this is only mine, but I'll never get shooting brakes. They are just not for me."
What a shocking opinion! Not everyone likes the same thing.
The remaster of the special edition will You can run it in VR using VorpX. The menus don't work but it is very cool and shooting people with arrows is quite easy because you just have to look straight at them. Skyrim doesn't support VR natively. But I wish it did.
Thanks for providing us the fire to win in 2012 A&amp;M is the real hero in Alabama's many national titles.
"Yeah no one will die next year. Next year will be better. Like the great man used to say, you just gotta have faith."
"Or they could make an adapter to use a gamecube controller to control the 3DS It could be anything else, though. There's the circle pad pro, which maybe they could bundle with it. Or they could even use the d-pad for smashes/aerials (with taunts being on the touch screen, if you swipe the direction or something). I'm just saying that X + direction wouldn't be as convenient as the C-stick or any more than A + direction would be."
"Just because there aren't plans for one now doesn't mean there won't ever be one Give it 30 years or so for the all woman cast edition But a sequel never got produced, right? Isn't that a waste of money for the studio?"
TRUMP 2016! It should make you feel even worse if your country had an ideological test before entry.
"Yeah poor people should stay out of sight of the public Yeah I really hope that they just end up demolishing it to widen the road, low income housing there would just be unfortunate."
"Filthy console peasants Who needs a PS4 when you can get a computer with your favorite components and use a steam link to play on your big tv? 4 more years and PS5 comes out. Guess which games will not be playable on PS5? Right, PS4. This problem will not be on PC. Sorry :) I'm a PC-fanboi."
Upvote for the Damn Humanities PhD programs. How hard can it be to do a PhD in philosophy or literature anyway? They don't even have math! Clearly only people in STEM and social sciences make valuable contributions to society. Humanities are just bullshit.
"Bench him, he's not good enough Where do you slot Donaldson tomorrow?"
"Great, an mmo, putting those ISTP skills to great use. I don't play league. Currently playing the hell out of eso"
"They got really sick of their dad's molesting them for free Not really. Some do, but most just like to get paid for fucking. It's really that simple."
"Except this September is different from the rest. FEMA 2011, FEMA 2012, FEMA 2013, FEMA 2014, JADE HELM"
idk what ur talking about man that shit is clean This Desiigner Panda parody video features a riced out '96 Honda
"Previous annoying and **reoccuring** statements, Ah yes, now I see them all! I guess you got confused by the first two lines of my post; I know it can be confusing. If you read on, you'll notice that the previous statements were the most annoying and reoccurring illogical statements I've seen, the first being what the OP was stating. Good job adding nothing to the discussion."
"Haha, that nihilism stuff is fucking hilarious! emphasis on *funnier*"
I'd love one of those! Give someone a $100 wallet and they'll be forced to figure it out to get that hundred bucks?
"what if, we had 2 mega parties that were both funded by Super Pac's, and suppressed any opposing view Dwarven Political Party Discussion People expressed that they wanted to see this happen. Explain your reasons why you support it, and if you don't, explain why you don't. I just want to see your reasons for either opinion. Also, just for clarification it would be cool to see this."
"Probably due to all the marijuanas you inject. My thing is I forget peoples' names that I've known for ages. I occasionally forget my *siblings'* names. It's a momentary thing, and yeah, probably not offensive, but if you've been, say, married to someone for 5 years and you go ""Hey, uh... don't tell me, starts with a V... Amanda!"" you can get strange looks. ...especially when you can quote conversations from a decade ago. So I tell people upfront that this will happen at some point."
"Haha yeah but everyone knows once you get P2P good manners is a part of the package! The F2P community is in fact very greedy. I once gave my full rune since I didn't need it anymore to a f2p player, and with no thank you they just continued talking to their friend as if nothing happened. F2P people can be real a**holes sometimes."
"Didn't he do a ride-along on their first stage coach? He owns 10% of Wells Fargo, and grew up in a different era. He doesn't see value in technology, he's more brick and mortar with his investments."
"I love it that MILO, the gay-by-choice alt-right posterboy, wants to tell women that the pill ruins their fertility and attractiveness to men. Apparently Donald Trump's new manager is a red piller!"
or ya know there's baseball where the whole game is practically a timeout They each only get one. Apparently there are sports that give coaches like 5 in the last few minutes. Can you imagine how stupidly slow that would become? Psh.
You guys need to work on your corners... Range Roller Boogie
"git gud scrub Bungie either ban Y1 weapons from Crucible or give us a way to obtain them again. [Discussion] Because right now what are you supposed to do when a guy has his Rangefinder LiTC Felwinter's Lie and you have your decent Y2 PC+1, the guy will blow your head way before you can even get into your range..."
"And now they gave him Star Wars...yay. Man, that Colin Trevorrow had me so hyped about JW before it came out. He was saying all the right things. It was using animatronics, there would be mixture of horror, adventure and new science, they would go back to what made the original great and build on that. He was philosophising about why Jurassic Park was popular and said he made a movie that would be as important as the original and would make people feel like kids again. He had me hook, line and sinker. He was so fucking full of it. I learned my lesson about movie hype from that. Hollywood are a bunch of bullshitters. I won't believe anything until I see it with my own eyes."
"Console master race? PC Release Discussion MEGA-THREAD As you all are likely aware, the PC release has encountered some issues and elicited some strong reactions. As a result, the subreddit has become flooded with many similar posts - many complaining about issues, many about refunds, many about specific issues launching/playing the game. Many of these posts end up violating rules 2 or 7 (low effort &amp; ad nauseum) and many are removed. As a reminder, please use the search bar before making a post, and be sure to read the front page(s) as well as the ""rising"" tab. We want to stay objective as moderators and promote concrete, civil discussion of the PC launch. But due to the influx of posts, we feel the need to consolidate some of the discussion that is becoming particularly redundant. ----- ------ **This Mega-Thread is intended for all GENERAL discussion of the PC Launch.** Discussion of PC download and gameplay issues, refunds, criticisms of the launch, defenses of HG, and any similar general discussions of these matters should go here. **High-effort posts with specific, unique information about the PC Launch are still welcome to be generally submitted.** For example, posts outlining possible fixes to issues or relevant info/news from HG or other sources would still be worth submitting. ------ ------ Please try your best to follow these temporary guidelines. Most importantly, be respectful to each other regardless of differing opinions. Hateful/mean-spirited/uncivil posts and comments will be removed. **We understand this is a confusing or even upsetting time for many of you, but we need your help to keep this sub running as smoothly as possible. Thank you!** *(I will try to keep this post or a stickied comment updated with relevant links/info.)*"
that's the toughest job ever though... More than likely has a job as a stay at home mom.
"Stop being expressive and just say what you mean. I wasn't being literal, I was just using a expression."
"GO kill your ""friend"" problem solved :D :D :D Cheater problem"
"Let's take back National Socialism while we're at it. RECLAIM THE RIGHTFUL USE OF ""MASTER RACE""!!!"
"She also says she's been smoking since the 70s lol yeah right like people even knew what marijuana was back then Yea one of her posts says ,""tight nug"" .... I don't know anyone over the age of 30... Maybe... Who says that verbiage...."
I would never miss Kid Rock either! You sir did like 8 things in that one story that I will never do :)
"They deserved it, amirite ? It's been beaten to death, more so than some of these guys. And it always end up in a circle jerk about how ""no one ever talks about the women rapists"". If you're a grown man, and you honestly feel the need to come onto Reddit to share your sob story about getting smacked around by/made to have sex with your girlfriend, then I feel bad for your balls."
Stop being such a Jew-hater! I am excited to hear the reddit Israeli-apologist defense on this one.
"Oh boy, esper familiar is coming back, I'm so excited [[peregrine drake]] [[desperate ravings]]"
Fox News and the war on Christianity? Where is it acceptable to criticize Christianity and not Islam?
"You mean that thing next to Texas? He got New Mexico, most Americans don't know that one."
"Well look at this multitalented ass hole over here That's good advice. I'm very interested in music and I play various musical instruments. Some of my previous music teachers thought that I should continue studying at a conservatory and make a carreer as a professional musician. Instead I went to law school. I find my law studies very interesting and developing, but it's not a hobby, so I'm not ruining anything. And I can still play music on my spare time. Win-win!"
"Heroes fighting together for the greater good what is this the 90s pff I love seeing the various groups coming together (X-Men, Inhumans, Avengers, etc.) and fighting a big bad. It reminds me of the old school days of Infinity Gauntlet where the heroes worried about huge threats instead of punching each other."
"I've never laughed harder in my life. I work at Royal Prince Alfred hospital in Sydney, Australia. This is the desktop of one of the doctor's computers."
I think it needs a bigger turbo. My buddies 1100whp 2JZ swapped C3 Corvette
But what about CMYK? ITT: people who don't know about RGB.
"They should just raise the minimum wage to 100 Trillion kwacha per hour. Except people get paid in money. Which has decreasing value. And your salary doesn't adjust to inflation, usually. So... yeah, that only works if you have substantial capital and see the inflation coming (or act as soon as you see it starting)."
"So you're telling me it's a gray area. The cops word, the person you were trying to pull over's word, your phone's app logs, the fact that you admitted to using your phone, potential dash cam footage of the police car. Impersonation of a police officer can go all the way up to a felony with jail time, and there are separate fines that you would also be getting for attempting to use red and blue lights temporarily displayed in your vehicle, which is also in itself illegal."
Can't wait to have my own kids. She had a headache and our kids were being crazy...
"Hmm, what a unique and radical opinion you have there. Agreed. The first 3 star wars are the only good ones. 4, 5, and 6 are pretty terrible."
"Oh yeah, being top tier in .5% of games is totally worth it. Because you can get T4 games in it. The. You can clip two tanks, and reload in 20 seconds."
"What the fuck is Thomas Wayne's problem, man? The Comedian's views on the DCEU"
No it's ok guns are illegal in DC so nothing can happen there trump better give that speech from a pope mobile bubble.
No bad tactics... SJWs are now harassing Sargon of Akkad's girlfriend to try to ruin their relationship
"Yea so we should just discount the points he makes entirely Is this the same Martin O'Malley who, in his AMA said there was nothing wrong with the gerrymandering in Maryland?"
It's to make it easier for people to steal your signature ELI5: What is the point of signing the back of a credit card? N
The baby shouldn't have been doing drugs. Georgia County Won't Pay Medical Bills for Toddler Critically Injured by Flash Bang Grenade During Drug Raid
I am sure this is the first generation to do this And this is why I hate tweens
Currently looking for buyers! Greek Leopard 2 MBT firing
World Class Leadership ! Hillary Clinton blames State Department Employees for classified emails sent through private server
It could be on the market..... Sounds reasonable
That's not racist at all Because they suck
"Well, the ps4 isn't as broken as the Xbox one so it DOESNT need updating. Im glad someone else sees this. Im not trying to downplay sony at all...Great console with alot of good games coming in the future. Just seems like it doesn't have the same flexibility that the X1 has"
"Yeah - a Nissan leaf would have smoked that holden! Ya'll realize this isn't special, right? All electric cars will have better acceleration than cars with an engine. That's just how it works. This is common knowledge."
Omg he's basically NB3 Chaos 1v3s bot lane on gosu stream
"Then you eat some chocolate and someone gives you flowers and makes it all better right? i dont know, i cry a lot on duty."
"Yeah, it's only the blood that doesn't have any oxygen in it Our blood is blue when it's inside our bodies"
"Nah man, remove the UI and all indicators, it dumbs down the game. The game should be hard because of the mechanics and decision-making, not because of the need to remember every single damn number and ability to eye-ball range. There are visual cues added to every new champion. Armor reduction, Yasuo dash marks, Valor marks, Zix isolation marks, Yasuo ult is not even targeted manually. Stop trying to keep the game hard where it shouldn't, for me it's the same as moving the UI around so it's impossible to read and saying that it promotes skill."
You dropped this: Neckbeard. Maybe one day she'll regret it when ypur homebrew takes off
Mostly indigestion from eating all that beef What ails the Muslims of India?
"I feed my infant son a combination of Mountain Dew with Doritos Seasoning, because I'm training the next champion gamer, and that's nobody's business but mine. I agree, it's complicated and nobodies business but the parents. Fuck that bitch."
"hey, at least you weren't raped or beaten, that means we don't have to take you seriously at all! Phew, maybe he'll just try to spit on me or grab my ass. What a relief"
Hey that's cultural appropriation! I feel like she's one of those girls that's starting to try and make her hair into dreads
"There's some of that level-headed discussion I came here looking for. Way to go Blizzard, way to go. Such a shitty change all around."
"It's not a replacement, they're just going to be selling it instead. The switch is a blatant Wii U replacement. Every successor to a system is its replacement. After BOTW comes out on Wii U (If it still does) I think the only other game that might release would be a Just dance or something seeing as how Just Dance 2017 released on the Wii."
"But....if we don't cave in to Hitler at Munich, then he's going to kill even more people and it will be our fault. What you mean to say is that the Syrian government is *already* killing thousands - not that they will...don't forget this family has killed hundreds of thousands since they came to power."
"I'm sure that will really put a dent in Apple's sales. iPhone on the Sidelines? In NFL, That's Not Allowed"
Because anyone alive or in power today even had a say in that decision or has been asked how they feel about it. I know. As if people have been voting to keep marijuana illegal for decades.
If DJ wanted to lose in the 1st round on an injured team we could've hooked him up THE LOS ANGELES CLIPPERS HAVE BEEN ELIMINATED FROM CHAMPIONSHIP CONTENTION Lose 4-2 to the Portland Trail Blazers.
Oh you are right... it totally looks like shit now that you mention it. Aside from the fact that the white star isn't casting light in the same manner as the yellow one.
"Oh no, wouldn't want to lose those grassroots to grab up those valuable Massachusetts Republican votes! That's the college Republican club home chapter for a ton of other university's similar group that normally does campaigning and voter registration and volunteers to drive people to polls and work polling stations for the Republican party. If a bunch of other chapters do the same, they just lost thousands of volunteers that normally work every election, not just an endorsement. Those kids at every college are incredibly active, on the Republican and Democrat side and it being their home office / primary chapter is a very bad piece of PR if it ends up happening even at 1/4 to 1/2 the other chapters, they have permission the home chapter will not attempt to punish them in any way for it. If I was Johnson I would have been on a plane to talk to them that day about endorsing me instead."
"I'm sure that now that this happened, a lot less people are going to look up Roosh V and what he says and buy his stuff. Don't worry, if we just keep pushing, we can totally eradicate all ~~drug use~~ hateful ideas through illlegalizing them!"
"yes, if you ever take any photo of anything ever sold by any corporation at all ever, you're a huge fucking shill r/hailcorporate"
"Well if it was a white river, it wouldn't be so dangerous now would it? was it dark or just a black river?"
"He'll voice the upcoming Tactical Pachinko Espionage Action,no worries I really want another MGS game with Kiefer Sutherland I absolutely loved his performance in both Ground Zeroes and TPP. To me, he is the definitive Big Boss now. He has that naturally deep and rough voice that is perfect for BB. I think it was a mistake to have Hayter voice BB in the first place tbh. He's a different character than Solid Snake, and thus he should have had a different voice. Too bad this is the last true MGS game."
"Better than Edmonton's ""voted Alberta's 12th best city"" The saddest tourism motto ever (and other true things about Okotoks) -- Comment with true mottos about your Alberta hometown!"
"You could say it's... Infinitely better And although 70 million sounds like a big number, in mathematics, it's not - it's much better than infinity."
"No dude, we're supposed to hate Lucas Star Wars would have had a smaller budget (possibly not been funded at all) had Lucas not waived his director's fee (paycheck) in exchange for merchandising profits. Had the movie completely flopped he would have made nothing. The original merchandise blitz was because he wanted to get paid. After that it was all greed though."
"This should be fun Lex Arson, literally worse than Mittani"
green is *our* word It's not easy being green
but i thought this season was a write-off and with that everyone on the Habs Tank Train goes back on to the Playoffs plane
"Yea, they should have just moved aside. yeah the far-left communist governments weren't culpable for anything in that war"
Well it is a neutral site so it does seem like Baylor doesn't have the balls to play a full away game. So we can still bash on Baylor for a weak OOC schedule?
get better internet scrub The one thing i hate about Steam Sales
"Next time, try adding to the discussion and people won't downvote you. Well said. In addition, these debates tend to center on the assumption that ""reducing crime"", whatever it means at the moment, is actually the goal of any given policy. In reality, and in the spirit of American society, I put more value on increasing my own ability to remain free, sovereign, and able to defend *myself*. This is an important distinction. I'm not willing to accept harsher gun laws which will limit *my own personal* ability to safely and effectively defend myself and my family for the sake of somehow reducing overall violence. Would stripping the country of firearms lower the overall violent crime rate? Good question; by hammering those stats around I'm sure both sides can come up with an opposite answer. The more important question though is, will stripping the country of firearms make me safer in my day to day life? As a trained, armed, level headed citizen, I posit that it will not."
"blame hr...its always their fault This whole ""blockchain-shhh-not-bitcoin"" language is tiring. FFS."
"Atleast not feeding Yup doing some rough estimation. 5.5k damage at 11 minutes. That's 500 damage per minute. So a bit over 4 body shots per minute. A hit every 15 seconds. I don't see how this is helping a team to win when all you do is hitting a shot every 15 seconds, which takes about 2-3 seconds to set up, when aiming and scoping and positioning. But thats only 20% of your time doing something. Soldier meanwhile gets more than double the damage done in the same time, helping to spam down the Rein shield etc."
but they obviously weren't trying hard enough! Such a stupid attitude. So insufferable listening to fans demand their money back because no playoffs
"lol, consider me #triggered you should warned me. I don't remember saying that. Can you show me where I said that? The public can display distaste with the premise of a movie. When you begin preventing people from seeing the movie is where it becomes a problem. At that point you are silencing the exchange of ideas and opinions. I'm not sure what I did to trigger you but it seems I've hit a nerve."
I think the fundies ought to push for making their bible a secret book -- then this kind of thing wouldn't happen. Best Answer
"But what about the autism man? I don't have kids, but I can't imagine not vaccinating them if I did. That's just setting them up to get so sick. I don't know any anti-vaccine people. I'm hoping that's becoming a thing of the past. It should be illegal."
The NWO/Illuminati uses various drugs and substances to control world leaders to further their goals for world domination. Obama high on cocaine during Benghazi
I think league is making me doing enough math already when I try to add up the cost of my items what to see what I can buy. Cross multiply and divide
"Better not let any refugees into the country, though, cause they might be terrorists. Turkish broadcaster suddenly began to cry on the air because doctors are forced to operate Aleppo children without anesthesia"
It is important to get the accent colors right before tackling such a minor issue. how many updates does a working clock app need?
"What do any of us know, we're just consumers Yeah, no telling. It seems like a lot of people are hoping so...I feel like it could only help the vita but what do I know...."
"""Kos2an"" for guys is literally brokeback mountain on steroids. So now guys can't even live together in the same room without fear of being prosecuted as gay couple. Glad, I don't live anymore in a leased house with several dudes. The police may think we have gay orgies every night."
"I don't think it's Taken, so Non-Stop? You should try to get her back. Like Liam Neeson did in that one movie."
"'Cause they're just amateurs, so they must suck compared to mainstream artists on the radio, right? Please stop pity upvoting people linking to their fucking amateur bullshit band."
"and I though Pood's very own Fanbase is worst than FNAF's? Ugh, these haters try to say FNAF's fanbase is immature when they're acting a million times worse."
furry are hardcore shut up MINIONS ARE HARDCORE SHUTTUP
"And here I thought ""sad frog"" was an alt+right logo. Confirmed: Pepe is a white nationalist icon."
because mitt romney would be doing better Good job all you Obama voters.
"Because obviously their life shouldn't have to change at ALL after having the baby, they can go right on doing what they always did because they are awesome parents! Why would you ruin everyone else's dinner? I just got back from dinner out at the local bar/restaurant. As we were seated a family walked in with a baby carrier. Halfway through it starts wailing and doesn't stop. It was still going on when we left. Your kid is obviously trying to sleep, why bring it to a loud restaurant so it can cry and ruin everyone else's meal?"
"Gosh, just what my life has been missing. I wouldn't like it."
So Trump's you're Dad? I get texts from my 70 year old father all the time with typos. Surely this is equivalent to that.
"I wonder if the UN will be pushing for a no-fly zone? Deadly clashes after Libya protest, at least 25 people have died in Benghazi in eastern Libya, in clashes that erupted during protests outside a militia headquarters."
Why can't I complain about both? They would complain about my casting. This is a high-level strategy from me.
"Hate and love are the only options. I'm still confused about how people suddenly started to dislike Day9. Tired of him, sure. But the hate? Just plain weird."
Making fun of national tragedies is only allowed in comedy clubs! Mattress Company Condemned for 'Tasteless' 9/11 Commercial - TIME Magazine
"Man, sounds like you guys are huge racists. Being from Canada and knowing people who have moved to Canada... it's not that easy. Even just going through marriage it takes years, and 1.5-2 years you are stuck in Canada and cannot work or have any benefits. It is massively easier and faster to marry visa into USA. Easiest way to get in is by employment (something we need or very skilled) or become a student. We want peeps who will pay all our high taxes for social programs."
"To punish men, duh Why do you think we have statutory rape laws?"
You dummies are the reason people have to add Sarcasm at first perplexed me too.
"Once you go standard bottom rows, you never go back Once you go clack, you never go back!"
"I'm not racist, look I even have a couple black friends online It looks like ""..., so that makes me racist?"" has become the new ""I'm not a racist, but..."" thing you say before or after some racist statement."
"I play on PS4 but thanks for nicely saying you don't like me =] The lack of being able to throw nades up there is countered by more than the entrances. You can still shoot stickies up there. And you can also snipe (or just shoot) from the Extraction point. Which makes it a danger to hold, but still a survivable spot. The other roof with the one ladder, it is still beatable though. It might be a little bit harder than the double rope roof, but still 100% beatable, even against a group of 4. I play on PC, but don't really wanna give out my username."
But my $400 foil card... Probably not a bad idea to make some kind of exemption for trading cards. Maybe allow *x* amount of cards a day without escrow.
This is especially effective on single target encounters! Isn't it better to kasatsu Doton if the mobs will live through all the ticks? On top of that kasatsu will make Doton crit every tick.
"You forgot your Daddy's Home script? This was a great movie with a lot of heart, character, and humor. Would love to study this through a script. Thanks"
"I think we are the people left on earth to save it after the ""christians"" have been taken away in the rapture. Some theologists would say he wasn't 'chosen' so he'll never believe because it's already predestined who's going to heaven. Atheists and non-christians are just the people who were destined by God to be bad people and be tortured for eternity for really no good reason because in their eyes, these people had no choice in the first place."
Sign me up. $11.00 *STARTING*
"If Mitt had just been righteous enough, then he would have been the POTUS. Well after recent events in the last five years, I imagine he sees blessings as a little less meaningful."
"not serious team, just some old guys playing Big God casual 3rd place"
I love these *fair and balanced* articles that make an honest attempt to cover all sides to a story without pushing an agenda. Teen Girl's Murder Forces Canada To Face Its Racism Problem
"Hey, I can see my house from there. Chilling out on Bear Peak this Saturday afternoon. View never gets old!"
"maybe, but he *did* give us hipsters and liked slavery. ""When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all."""
"With 321,885 people subscribed to that sub, yea people are just egging on women and they truly don't want to be photographed nude I'm sorry, I just couldn't resist."
That describes you as well chip and everyone loves you as a guest I think Max is great and he's written some awesome movies (Chronicle for example) but idk how he'd do with the guys. He's a super progressive California guy.
"Because that's totally gay, bro! What I don't get is how one can expect a partner to be completely fine with swallowing cum but then find it so disgusting, they refuse to kiss them afterwards."
"No haven't you heard he's a bad leader and there's locker room discord. ""A-Rod might be the toughest guy on this team... Besides us..."" Says a lot about Aaron when he has the defensive secondary looking up to him even."
"I'm sure I'd be really upset about that ""If you parents thought like you, you wouldn't be alive"""
"Just use your bot scripts I would upvote this 10,000 times if I could."
"No, these people just want a handout and we (the richest, most powerful nation to ever exist save maybe Rome) can't afford that shit. Actually it's not even about heirs. Some of the people who were directly wronged in that event were *still alive* in the late 90s when this was being discussed. They were quite elderly. I remember at the time being upset that the whole thing was being framed as ""reparations."" In actuality, several of the families whose property was destroyed in the event, who were never compensated for what was taken away from them, were still with us. It was compensation which was being discussed, not reparations, but unfortunately that message never resonated at the time. We had an opportunity to make it right and we blew it."
"Also if you could somehow trigger them with an initial message about how you're going to rape them.... get's them wet 100% Also, they really like it when your profile pic is of your genitalia and your message consists of ""Sup? Ur hawt. DTF?"""
See people - all this talk about gay marriage and this is what happens Kangaroo photographed having sex with a pig in the Northern Territory
What about the kids car seat? I was in a car accident with a kid. They did not confiscate my car seat.
"""I spent a lot of money on it, therefore it is the best."" What? Just. How??"
Fatter guys have more girth obviously How?
"4chan called ""do a flip fajet"" Shit."
Don't you know America controls the world? CIA? Wtf lol
Childhood obesity is hilarious! World's fattest toddler taunted with Chocolate. circa 1935
"But the Earth isn't that old! TIL scientists have found 1.5-billion-year-old water in a mine 1.5 miles beneath Ontario, Canada"
Doesn't count because it was done in 128 tick 1v5 with a deagle (and a dream)
If this is true Snoop Dog would be dead. TIL you would have to smoke 680kg of marijuana in 15 minutes to die from an overdose
"Yeah, it's all a vast, left-wing conspiracy... We have to start picking new news sources because the old ones all lost credibility by pushing grabgahzi and super delegate graphs to disenfranchise Bernie supporters."
"wait her passive isnt that shes a ranged with a progression? There are a lot of good ones, though I think Tyr's is the most useful one. I like Art amd Hun Bat passives for early crits as well. Only passive I consider awful is Isis. After that Vulcan and Sobek are weak in terms of passive. Ne zha passive is fine imo."
I see you are a master software developer and write tons of bug free code in an application that had millions of lines of code. Just wanted to say....
but Obamaer is a commie lib XDDDDDDDDDDDDD COMMUNISMSHOWERTHOUGHTS why couldnt i be born into the universe where communism won
"At least she knows her place. She used the term ""Women's Work"" when referring to Laundry/Cooking!"
"That's like 80 cents a month that you're paying for a hygienic bathroom, fatcat! Trash and buy a new one. They are only like five bucks. Ten for a good one."
Enjoying 7+1GB VRAM in DX12 games? They aren't SLI 1080s but I'm proud of my 970s
Yes because warrior is soooo easy that anyone can pick it up and be able to solo level 50 FOTM I was impressed until I saw Warrior
I believe the patch was ps exclusive I believe they fixed this in a recent patch on the xbox
That's for autism dumbass. You can shoot it up your bum to cure cancer.
Time for a Thunder Bay team! Now to get a central team to even it all out. Any suggestions?
Ellensburg affordable living near Seattle region Hey I'm looking to move closer to the Seattle region to get a job and I was curious if someone could recommend a possible town or area where the rent is a little more cheaper. I don't mind a small commute to the city as i expect i will have to do that to save money.
"Right, because that is exactly what happened two seasons ago. They'll be eliminated way before they face the Pats in the playoffs, if Manning is QB anyways"
And since when has Nintendo had a good console launch? I would be. Since when does Nintendo reach out to third parties and push for their titles?
So... You single? What containers? I literally want to make that as a lunch for my girlfriend daily lol
"I bet you hurt his feelings and he's going to threaten to kill himself. On Being a Grownup. All that kind of know me on this sub know that I am no great fan of stupid regulations or AR 670-1. So if I happen to be out with my wife on a Sunday at a local footrace, you wouldn't expect me to be the kond of guy chewing Staff Sergeant ass on the NG dudes firing the cannon for the ceremonies. But What the Fuck, man?! You know why I don't walk around town (or even on base usually) in my uniform? Besides the fact that ACUs suck and it's a cheesedick thing to do, the biggest reason why I don't is because it is a pain in the ass to wear the uniform properly. But when I do wear the uniform out in public, I wear it *properly*. Why? Because it not just about you, asshole! When you wear that thing out amongst civilians, you are now representing the entire US Army whether you like it or not. And even if you don't give a fuck about SMA Chandler, **you will not fail in your responsibility to uphold the public image of all servicemen and women.** Many good people have died wearing that stupid-ass uniform, so when you have to wear it in public, do not look like an asshat. I really don't like to correct strange NCO's on my day off. I shouldn't have to."
"But capitalism is the best system. IMO American media aren't controlled by the state. They're controlled by corporations which, if anything, control the state."
"Nah, think of them as your next victim. A good start would be trying not to think of them as your ""next ex"" mate."
Safe I know those assholes who are friends with Harstem that harass SC2 people on twitter were saying some pretty racist shit to her. Maybe that's why she deleted it.
You don't need a machine gun to pacify peasants armed with torches.. I finaly did it! my Weapon of choice against the unnamed peasants!
"Or... Mebbe they're shooting for a more egalitarian model, whereby men can apply for, and by university mandate be assured acceptance into a sorority. There was an article the other day where a university sent out a memo that fraternities must accept female members or be barred from campus. It is obvious the goal is to eliminate male only spaces and all facets of male life must be under female supervision."
"What a creative name. Ladies and Gentlemen, I present to you the Premier Gym Wrecker in Pokemon Go. The one and only 100% IV D/DC Dragonite, Drogon."
Sbisa: 9GP | 0G | 1A | -5 | 25PIMS Vatanen 18GP | 2G | 4A | +3 | 8PIMS Yeah Vatty sucks..................... Sbisa has been bad but Vatanen has been our worst defensemen by far.
"And if it made it on facebook, it must be true! I believe it was a Facebook meme that read, ""A choker is a black belt for slobbing on dicks."""
"I call BS, HiRez doesn't have people answering TA tech issues. Hello, I'm Pardon from HiRez tech support. Please, uninstall Tribes Ascend and install Smite or try our new game Paladins. We currently have stopped all support for T:A as we cannot spare a single person at our developing company to work on any T:A issues due to lack of monetary gain. If you are adamant about getting T:A to work, uninstall absolutely everything related to HiRez on your HD and then reinstall the game from the HiRez website. If you are experiencing graphical issues in other games then perhaps your graphics card is dieing. Thank You for choosing HiRez games for your enthralling entertainment. Be sure to take our customer service survey so we can improve our service in the future."
"Yeah, we want penta kills every 2 minutes with death timers of 10 seconds, that's so fun, randomly grouping and diving everything! Fuck entertainment right? So nice to have PvE for 15 minutes every game... woohoo."
k lets take in gay people because they are gay but f&amp;*k the women and children who live in a war torn land Let's bring THEM in as refugees.
"We all know that presidents really stick hard to their party's platform after taking office. Bernie supporters understand that his endorsement was in exchange for concessions made by the DNC on the party's platform(like donations to Hillary as an exchange for positions in her administration). He stayed in the race to see if an indictment would come which would leave him as the only one in the race. Of course, she skated by on her connections to the corrupt system leaving Bernie with this as his only option. Endorse HRC and get some of what he wants as talking points for the DNC, nothing more."
Everyone knows Mike left to join the Boston Fire Dept. Its pretty weird they got al barr to sing songs like sunshine highway coming from a previous band like the bruisers. When the other bruisers guys joined mike to be in street dogs. Mike said fuck it when they wanted to be a pop sellout band but barr hopped right on board. Being broke does suck though so i dont know
You can't come into the UK if you're a foreigner because you'll just take our jobs and blow us up This map my wife just bought is missing Great Britain
"That's different though, those people are actually evil, though. Oh so its only tiny minority when it comes to Americans, huh? Yet Americans don't hesitate to circlejerk against other groups like say the Chinese or the Muslims."
Gotta show all that Batman killing Why will BvS Extended Edition be Rated R? So I saw Batman v Superman and I really enjoyed it. But nowhere during the movie did I think that this really needs to be taken up a notch and rated R. I never really even saw areas where they could expand and turn it into an R rated scene. So what do you think will be added to Batman v Superman extended edition to make it be rated R?
"Maybe they wanted the 100% first bullet accuracy of the Negevs Buy Negev four rounds in a row in OT? Idk man, I didn't like watching a pro cs go team do that"
"right, because all judges are paid off and the entire justice system is corrupt. It does not matter how YOU interpret the law, its how JUDGES interpret the law, and if paid off enough, judges will interpret the law VERY loosely."
That's just coach speak. I believe one called another a chicken shit just this weekend.
You mean the main character/famous actor who is in a crappy situation in the first 10 minutes of the film doesn't end up in a better situation? spoilers bro
"I just load in and spam mid or I feed, pick sniper, collect my 25 points and repeat Oh sure, thats just being friendly and proactive. People generally listen, I just don't have the energy to play Oracle after long ass days at work. More of a personal attitude thing than a hero downside for sure. :)"
"Your 2-way SLI 780 Ti's just can't handle the power Other games have done that for me and set to medium or low, which is a bit offensive every time it happens."
Oh yeah nothing gets me in the mood like a period Yet another 2edgy facebook post. This dude must be a Detroit hockey fan.
very creative Possible Beacon/Dragon Display for the Mindcrackers
"And shes supposed to be a Muslim Jew. This is pretty disgusting and disingenous. Her hair is supposed to be pink or at least blue, come on man, put some effort into it!"
What a classy and mature message. How Canadian Gun Owners Shower
"Well, now that you put it that way, I totally understand. I'm not going to debate this with you. My comment is a take it or leave it kind of thing."
Pretty sure it's the people on welfare wasting all the money Pentagon buries evidence of $125 billion in bureaucratic waste
Definitely AI - unless you forgot your That's not AI...
Just world fallacy is the *best* fallacy I think it's more that they're scared to acknowledge that they could get screwed over through no fault of their own. Believing that those who are worse off are in that situation because they deserve it can be pretty comforting.
Probably making room for Puig. A's progressing on deal to send Coco to Indians
"Yeah, having your efforts to better yourself mocked by the people who supposedly love you most *never* impacts a person's psyche and makes them feel bad. Seriously tho, why are you sad? It can't be about them making fun of you, unless its 24/7 which its not."
It's not sexual harassment if a woman does it to a man! Sexual harassment panda!
"sex cams My girlfriend is trying to get a job in a small college town that doesn't hire college kids She's the epitome of a good worker. Goal-setter (and achiever), honest, punctual, always smiling, naturally makes other people happy.... But all the jobs that she's applied to in the town where she goes to school (Cheney, WA) are telling her that they don't hire college kids because they don't have flexible schedules. What can she do? Are there ways to make money online? What about some unique jobs that nobody really knows exists? Entrepreneur ideas?"
I know Steve Jobs was awful on stage. Tech guys always suck at speaking lol its to funny. They need to hire a PR team
"the world is a safer and less offensive place now, just a little less. SJWs go way out of their fucking way to get a Nobel prize winning scientist REKT over a simple joke."
"If her inner labia are a bit dangly we should chop those off too, because aestethics and slightly less cumbersome personal hygiene are more important than bodily autonomy! I get plenty of blowjobs. Disappointed with the father. As for the mother ""This is what a man should look like."" It would be a real shame if someone found her and mutilated her genitalia, She doesn't really **need** that clitoris after all or the sexual pleasure that comes with it."
No wonder it tastes funky. TIL Schweppes tonic water is actually the oldest soda sold. It was produced in 1771
Wonderwall What song on guitar would make you fall in love? If someone could play any song on guitar that would make you fall in love what would it be ?
No shoebox ? how do you manage to get cum stains on your underwear i always just catch it in my hands and then use soap
When you fail at life and at death... Man commits suicide by jumping under a subway train
She's above the law She's insanely hot. So the rules don't apply to her.
"Yeah, that girl had sex once in 1999 before becoming a nun, I could totally feel it with my dick! Giving you an upvote because a.) A hymen being intact or absent does not 100% mean virginity/lack of virginity and b.) Neither does the tightness of a woman's vagina."
Yeah I hate it when I get crashed at Waterfiends on OSRS Why you crashing me?
"...and invented nothing since! ...except people in the ""cold north"" of Europe ultimately inherited their technology from peoples in the Mediterranean and Middle East, you stupid fuck."
"Yeah, I'm tired of heating how gay marriage was legalized in West Virginia every god damn day for the past few months. its not really news when its the same bland posts every day. the quality posts on reddit are diluted w this stuff."
Wow Daily Dot wrong once again Fnatic League of Legends 2016
"Right, they just love banning paying customers, because as a business they *hate* making money... Doesn't mean they can't prove you were using VPN. I'm not saying Valve will or will not enforce this but my account (which is fairly small compared to some peoples) is way too valuable to me to risk Valve banning me. I'm sure others feel the same."
You mean that veganism isn't 1000x more expensive than meat? Vegan finds at Dollar General
Nobody ever told me they released withered Freddy! Anyone else having issues with the Funko FNAF figures not staying together well?
You're horrible. It's batman's parents.
Good thing being fat protects your organs! Did you contact the marine emergency number? They're obviously stranded and need to be lifted with hydraulic devices.
"Well if you don't want that gift, I'll get it then! Watch for in Game Scammers"
But don't you know that those GrusterGrazers have scared all women out of gaming? Chicks dig scars.
"I like how the concern was for getting the boyfriends permission. Or, ya know, asked her if that would be okay first?"
Yeah I'm curious when we are going to wear those new charcoal unis this year! Broncos uniform schedule Have the Broncos released a schedule showing what uniforms they will be wearing for each game? It sounds like other teams have released theirs. I'm wondering when they will be wearing the blue uniforms. Thanks.
"Windows 8.1, Get on my level bruh. I'm using Windows 7 :P"
Are you sure they didn't just buy it twice? Welcome to yesterday. I'm pretty pumped too.
"Just because I drink a bud light, wave a confederate flag around my lifted F350, and hang out with my buddies wearing white bedsheets and burning crosses doesn't mean I'm a bigot, gosh. Liberal gun-owner here. I clean my guns watching MSNBC. Fox News doesn't have a monopoly on all gun-owner viewers; just the bigoted ones."
Nose not symmetrical 1/10 Sweet Queen of Pain Wallpaper
"Well, she's straight passing. Did not know that. You must have worked hard to get into the Patriarchy."
WOW I'VE NEVER HEARD THAT JOKE BEFORE! If Al Gore started a math rock band it should be called Algorhythm
the xperia z1f Gift for the SO. Her 1st Android phone She particularly likes the size of the Xperia Go. Are there any other good phones with this size or even the size of an iphone 4? Thanks in advance. Hope you can help
"Fuck it why not just take down every flag Newsweek calls POW/MIA flag ""racist"", calls for it to be taken down."
You can't because they're always right Try telling that to the fucking customers.
"he makes pretty good beer too. Sir Alec Guinness talks about his experience reading STAR WARS for the first time, earning a percentage, and seeing the final film"
"Hey but if it's ""Pay **1** mana destroy your own card"", it could be OP ! I looked at 3 Velens lists, they hardly have any minions and those they do have basically get sacrificed by the silence. I doubt the deck could stomach the tempo loss of ""Pay 2 mana destroy your own card""."
"You are forgetting that Al Gore is fat and cheated on Tipper, therefore global warming is a liberal hoax. 2010 Hottest Year on Record so far according to NASA. That's right. The Earth has never been hotter than it is right now, at least since we've been keeping records."
When did Ric flair or HBK kill his family? Arguably the greatest wrestler of all time killed his family. And they still let guys use his finisher.
White women? Only men are bad. White men. Till the next bad guy is established.
Atleast he cares for your mothers sole. Wow...
"Apparently 0, 1, 0 is enough of a pattern to believe it's going to repeat to 1 again with your reincarnation.. What the hell was with the ""post existence, pre existence, 1, 0, 1 and back to 0"" guy?"
So...she's single? Hey I know there's atleast 1 girl here. My ex. I helped her ascend.
Building a house to defend yourself.. Yea that sounds way more interesting then hop in your spaceship and explore the galaxy.... Someone's going to be disappointed...
"Anybody but Daley. So, who's your pick for Mayor? I'm still undecided. If anyone has any good sources for comparing the candidates, feel free to share."
How do you think the cow feels? I had similar experiences to steak as you growing up. I really like steak but I would rather order something that don't have to pay an arm and a leg for.
We all know how empowering it is to tell women they need to kill their children in order to succeed in their endeavors. NARAL president Shouts Her Abortion and The crowd cheers at the DNC Convention
"Because PVP in Bloodborne was perfect. I wouldn't hold your breath. DS2 has made me question FromSoft's competence. DS3 is a different team though, I think."
Just in time to vote in the greatest election with the greatest candidates Became an American today!
It's for the gays This Chick-fil-A bathroom has a mouthwash station
"But you don't understand Wrestling Is LIFE and if you don't watch wrestling there is nothing It's his choice, that is probably only one of the reasons he stopped watching but that stands out the most, fuck me you're taking this too seriously."
We da best The Colts lead their division in after week 13 with a -81 Point differential. Is this a record? I know the season isn't over but damn. Always seems to be one very week division every year recently. Two this year is kind of crazy.
"The good news is that we don't have as many deaths as Qatar, nor is this a major voting issue for Singaporeans, so there isn't any pressure to improve this situation any time soon. The Peculiar Inequality of Singapore's Famed Public Housing"
Stupid americhinese. Trip planning
And Chelsea's strikers have been performing so well... Wtf Welbeck? He has been utter garbage!
"Obviously its the client's fault for trying to access a resource that they are not legally permitted to access. I was always under the impression that 400-range errors were reserved for issues that are the client's fault (e.g. performing an invalid or improper request such as wrong URL, not sending authorization headers, etc.) and that 500-range errors were reserved for issues that occurred that are not the client's fault."
"Sounds like you know quite a bit about it. Oh, Mickey is about to become public domain? Time to extend copywrite protection."
"It's a nanny pen, because some guns are permitted, but no one should be trusted with them. Why are you shooting a gun behind the wooden wall?"
"Obviously because it's all metal, guys! How could specific, descriptive genre names be problematic to someone discovering new bands or discussing those genres?"
"At least the stationery he used doesn't scream ""I definitely have people chopped up in my basement"". Travelling Japanese Salesman, anyone"
"Yeah look at Destiny, you will not be paying too much just for multiplayer. SOUND OF KLAXONS WOOP WOOP WOOP. Unless you are a fun of rainbow six STAY AWAY from this game. Look at Titan Fall. Look at Destiny. It may play well but I think you are paying too much for just multiplayer."
I bet people will hear you for miles I just bought it guys. I can't wait to hook it up. I'll post some flex vids on here of this setup.
"Jeez, people really need to stop living and working in the floodplain Traffic warning: Southland is literally a river right now From 14th, flowing down to Haddon. Avoid it if you can."
How dare someone post something cute and personal while only slightly related to Starcraft. This isn't Facebook.
"Yeah, but he is a man, so you know he enjoyed it. That poor man, it's like he just got cat-called."
Absolutely unreal! Absolutely unreal photographs from San Francisco's thunderstorm on Friday night.
Not like there's another bearded scandanavian man in Minnesota sitting around who'd take free tickets to dress up and drive a motorcycle on the field or anything can't replace Ragnar
"Of course, because De Gea isn't anywhere near the level of talent needed to start for Man U Petr Cech's reply to: ""Sign for United mate"""
"Right, because all we need is more taxes Tariffs. Simple, effective, tried and true for centuries."
"Finally a new fresh idea ! IDEA: View the captured gym, even if you are not near """""
OP has some serious balls. Wait a second. You open a topic with this title and then suggest Avatar...on reddit?
"""Post Truth"" politics is so much fun! Hooked on porn: Prepare for a tsunami of damaged people"
It's the party for smaller government Why does the idea of an authoritative government really wet the panties of republicans?
"Go back to LoL LoL player starting CS:GO, any tips? So I am LoL player about 2 years but now I build a PC Gaming so I wanna expand to another games, I played CS 1.6 when I was younger but I want to know your tips, basic stuff and about that ranked system if I can call like that. Btw I follow the pro scene but until now I will play"
"I am shocked, shocked, that an administrator would hold this kind of view! It's an unpopular thing to say in this thread, but we do need standards to measure teacher competency because not everyone is a 21 year teacher. I think it's clear in this circumstance that she needs to be given some time and flexibility to get the right credentials in place, and it seems the district is doing that. What it sounds like to me is a 21 year teacher wanting special treatment, and that doesn't work in a professional environment where the state mandates certain qualifications for positions. Furthermore, teaching involves professional development, developing and acquiring new requirments that come forth due to the evolving environment of education is a core part of being a teacher. Personally I think the teacher is being ridiculous and over-reacting because she feels special and isn't getting special treatment. (full disclosure, I am an administrator)"
Better than the Akita on the Leafs third line? Stats wise? No? entertainment wise? Yeah. And Duncan sucks. The Norris is a joke. Stevens never won it and he's probably the second best defenceman ever.
"It's ok, black people can't be racist, only whites can. Arizona Cardinals Player Makes Racist Joke, Gloats About The Ensuing Outrage"
"They are doing alot of subservience work for the NSA, cut them some slack! Subsidizing the richest company on earth, it's American way."
He saw the Mooslems dancing on the roofs across the river in New Jersey What did trump do? I'm obviously out of the loop
Tokyo ghoul root A Studio Perriot
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard. I learned in a psych class that anonymity is a cause of reckless behavior
"They're marching against rape, so they can't *possibly* be sane, normal women! You know approximately none of the people in that image. How could you possibly know what any of them think?"
"Shh, misandry doesn't exist. Or misandry, they tend to not even recognize that one."
"Yes how unfortunate that most people believe that a mother should have a say in what people call her infant daughter. This a predominantly white website, most people are going to side with your wife unfortunately."
"Regardless of whether she was a raped or not, she can be used as evidence for rape culture. Regardless of whether he is a troll or not, he can be used as evidence for false flagging."
How's it inaccurate that's the flag of Asia duhh An inaccurate quiz
"Sounds like your wife hasn't learned to be in subjection to her husband. Today i fucked up - telling my wife about contents of the assembly letter on friday. She is still in, drowning in the kool-aid. So she was all hyped up about the special announcement. Being completely done with it i told her the important stuff (no ministery school, less magazines etc), nothing to spectacular so she would shut up about it. Turns out my wife can't keep stuff to herself and had to inform my Father in law who is elder. So sunday, after the meeting, i get asked aside by 3 elders (one of them is SP). As i'm a MS i initially thought this would be for installing the new audio equipment that came in but the started to question me about my knowledge about the letter. They we're more curious than investigative, but i didn't want to give up sources so i told them the letter leaked in the US. So i got an lecture about apostate websites etc. Now i can be a bit of an asshat, so when finishing the conversation i just had to say: ""thanks for the encouragement bro's, but i sincerely think you guys should care more about our special pioniers and bethelites as they get new assignments"". The reaction of the elders was classical as, apparently, the SP just got world from the branch office about termination of their 35+ years assignment. Never seen somebody turn pale so quickly. They really asked me to keep my mouth shut as they want to spin this in a good way to the cong. So today i'm still an MS (yay) but i'm curious what the future hold."
"I'll just store those by my 15,000 Jump to Conclusions mats. If anyone in the Houston area is brave enough, this guy is giving away 24,000 Pool-Poker board games for free."
And no S+ Get Carried. By Gems.
"This is totally backed by sound economics, not unfounded at all. Yes! The only solution is to rise up and take the apartment from the landlord. We can also acquire new public commons by allocating land and other resources from individuals with far greater sums of utility than the rest of society, reusing those resources in a way that maximizes the social utility of those goods. Once we have driven down the cost of housing and sustenance, we can shift to a public food and housing infrastructure, driven by a lean algorithmic government that responds directly to the preferences of the population. By this point the ""income tax"" and all the other vestiges of the nation-state can be done away with."
"No I'm gonna DDOS it If You Get Angry Playing ""Wrath of the Machine,"" Will You Then Be Raging Against Said Machine? Also, will we have to sabotage the machine? Important questions."
"Is that the Xbox One Scorpio? This Is The Smallest, Most Powerful 4K Gaming PC You've Ever Seen"
"Yes, because no one in the world actually wants to go to church. Like collecting more tax dollars. I think they should go after churches before the NFL, though. But that is my educated opinion. At least the NFL provides a wanted service."
The Donald Any legit news outfits reporting on this?
"Honestly, I'd reroll if i was OP Pffft no sockets on aokiji... Garbage account"
I only eat chemical free foods Such conviction. I like it. Seriously - so many people think 'GMO' means actually putting in scary chemicals. This is not what this is :/
"Ah, supplied side economics works every time. Leaked Wal-Mart emails show Wal-Mart's target demographic now too poor to shop at Wal-Mart."
"Yeah, I always try to give robbers the benefit of the doubt. Probably robbers, they dont necessarily mean harm"
ya he has like metal wires like eeewww. You have very bad teeth.
"""Eurghmergurd he only did two keepy uppies before vollying it in the first video - sell him now, get him this cancer out of our club"" Old Footage of Courtois' skills and Bloopers"
"Yea, his zero points this year are blowing me out of the water... Jesus he already is something special."
"I forgot CS:GO was meant to be as realistic as possible. Think about it like this: Hundreds of small, extremely hot, sharp pieces of metal just got stabbed into your legs. Not only would that hurt, but you would slow down (if not stop and fall over in writhing pain) a lot in real life."
"Corkscrew, actually! Does this mean evergreens would grow into a sphere shape in space?"
HOLY CRAP that's absurd! Rekkles and Febiven unfollowed Huni
Obama's Diversity Death Squad of course. who in the world is covering this up?
"Can't get a champagne bottle to work correctly, but gets a rocket to land. A rocket just reached 100 km altitude and landed back safely on its feet!"
"Oh really, would never think of that Every 7th day it is Monday again. 7 goes into 100 evenly 14 times. The remainder is 2. So 2 days after a Monday."
No he can't be racist because racism = prejudice+power. He's saying derogatory things about women of a specific race. How is that not racist? It doesn't matter if he's also that race. Black people can be racist to black people.
"After reading Trainspotting, I thought all Glaswegians shoot heroin. Don't forget the Iron Brew and heroin."
"Obviously this shouldn't be in our food, at least not until there is a full double blind triple placebo anonymous group peer reviewed study done on Australian men who are left handed. TIL A red algae derivative present in many USDA-certified Organic Foods is a potent carcinogen (Cancer-causing agent)"
"Yeah, WTF does Pythagoras know? A lot of physics and mathematics were taken from much older periods, should we abandon those as well just cause people did stupid things back then?"
Having custody and access disputes over facebook is the epitome of classy. Baby's mother claims a right to see her child. Baby's father has a response.
"But when the revolution comes how will you ever take out your government's trillions of dollars worth of military without a semi-automatic rifle? Live where? The US? I'm American, I live in a major city and there has been gun violence right outside my door. But I'm not afraid of getting shot any more than I'm afraid of getting hit by a bus. I think guns should be illegal because I see no rational reason for keeping them legal. You can live your life without guns, it's really fucking easy."
"I mean, she's so good at what she does. I can't see why everyone dislikes Felicity so much"
But remember yes can also mean no No means no; no answer also means no.
"yes, the white men are the greates British empire had more land, and probably more population too."
Forgot your And I'm sure they deserved it.
"Poor Islam, all these damn coincidences making it look bad I'm sure this is just another mentally ill man who happens to be Muslim"
FYI his vulnerable spot during his ult is still his head Imagine if that was his vulnerable spot during an ult...
"Does she mean Tumblr or Reddit? ""Half assed blogging website that anyone can use."""
"Even the sun will kill you in Australia. I dunno about the shorts but we wear the hats because it's very easy to get sunburn in Australia, especially in the rural areas where it can be hard to find shade. That said, elephants aren't an Australian animal... what makes you think this person is Australian? He's probably South African."
"You're right, spreading that information to a far larger audience could in no way put them at more risk. Those donors were screwed when the DNC was hacked, long before wikileaks posted them."
On a scale from 1-10 I'd say my excitement for that sits at a 9. Who's looking forward to doing this 18 times next year?
"He rigged it even harder! So if that's the case, how did Obama beat a rigged system in 2008? Most of the mechanisms you mention were in place then too."
Sicilians must have imported the Omerta culture from Turkey! This explains a lot. Older Turkish macho men act like they're Italian gangsters.
Why do you think that the transmission locking up would have *anything at all* to do with it being low on lubricant? Low on ATF? You're probably low on ATF.
Why would he even want Beats? A guy once broke into my car and didn't take my laptop or beats and took a full bottle of dip spit.
"You're completely right, absolutely no progress has ever been made when it comes to the acceptance of black people, gay people, women, etc, none at all whatsoever and never ever has any homo/xeno/gynophobe ever changed their minds. Sounds good in theory, in practice the forces that make people bigots are not amenable, by and large, to decency. What would probably happen *at best* is they'd make an exception for Bubbles - Bubbles is a good robot, Bubbles is not like the other, bad and inferior robots who should not be humanoid. At worst they'd just make lesbian jokes. I mean beating them won't change anything either, of course."
"yes I know, the media was all over this. ""In a motion filed in the 9th Circuit on July 2, the three whistleblowers, all former intelligence analysts, confirmed the fact that, 'the NSA has, or is in the process of obtaining, the capability to seize and store most electronic communications passing through its U.S. intercept centers'"""
Nice catch. I thought Andy squashed any notion of swapping franchises when rumours Joanna crouper was touted to join BH.
"Ah yes, the CFL is certainly drawing a line in the sand on this one. Als' Carter to have appeal heard Aug. 17"
"I consider that a metaphysical death threat and also declare jihad. Any post with more than one lala is offensive to me, please delete yourself from the internets."
Yep signing the most recognizable US soccer player in a place trying to up their attendance and sponsorships is a bad thing One of which in a position that they had relatively no need in...
"Dollars are common, 5 star FFBE characters are not... thanks for keeping the game alive, i kind of wish people didn't go that overboard"
"No Doubt still tours together Have heart no doubt. And if I a miracle minor threat show were to happen, I'd be there. Same for uniform choice."
But plants have feelings I want something to feel pain and anguish before I consume it.
"Because sociology won't exist then, duh. Why the hell not?"
"Plus the shadows are all wrong This ad looks shopped. I can tell from some of the pixels and from seeing quite a few shops in my life. Also, notice the photoshop toolbox on the left side."
"Seems interesting, but needs a rename so it isnt confused as a weapon haha Kinda An Axe that's born to die!"
"It was so nice of them to answer both your questions! I emailed Nip+Fab about the Glycolic Acid Extreme pads, asking for the PH and concentrations of SA... This is the response I got. ""Thank you for getting in touch. The Salicylic acid penetrates into and unclogs pores helping to combat black heads and reduce blemishes, while the Lactic acid - removes dead cells and toxins from the skin for a smoother and more even toned surface. As a brand we do not disclose individual ingredients as they are not a true reflection of the efficacy and advanced development of each formula. What makes Nip+Fab niche is the very technical and unique active ingredient complexes we create to obtain optimum results from the ingredients, ensuring they work as hard as possible for the skin and to achieve this we combine them into potent formulas for unrivalled results. If you have any further questions please do not hesitate to contact us."""
"Personally, I'd prefer my Sandman without wonky musical numbers and plot-lines that go no where. I think a Sandman movie would be awful. The story, characters, the whole world deserves to be done in depth, and a movie would just be a shallow representation of the whole series. I would kill for a miniseries or something like how FX does American Horror Story."
"You can't criticise the system, it's perfect, comprehensive and fair. ELI5: Why the fucking lanjiao cibai have Ridhuan Tee and Ibrahim Ali not been charged for sedition?"
Yeah that's all he did godfrey ain't shit. he's just gonna sleep.
"Yes, because women generally describe the birthing process as being INCREDIBLY pleasurable and not at all 'literally shitting yourself while crying' painful. I do understand their geometry. A baby is both longer and wider than any man's cock. If women can pass an infant trough their birth canal, they should have no problem taking a cock."
"might wanna add a Yeah, people who can't fluently speak English have autism. It was proven in some Youtube ad."
so around the time the last book was released huh? He made up his mind 18 years ago
Enough events played to hit on the good side of variance What are some examples of him piloting Mono U Tron that would be different from a newer player?
"Yes, as an Australian person I can confirm that we have no culture. So, despite the fact that Australia and Canada are completely different culturally, you can't appropriate anything from Australia because they're white?"
You stay away with your fancy logics thingamajigs! They should just make it once you have one you dont get another.
"Kids like yours are the reason the TSA swabs babies, nice going! Just found my 6 year old mixing a chemical cocktail in the sink.. ""Making a bomb"" WHAT THE FUCK? Backstory: I was looking for a particular cleaning product, and casually asked him if he'd seen it. He responded with: ""Oh yes, I was using it for science earlier"" ""Uhh.. why?"" ""I was using it to make acid"" ""Uhh...... why?"" ""I wanted to make a bomb"" ""A WHAT?"" ""Just in the sink.. wasn't going to blow up the house or anything"" My question: Do I have a genius here, or a potential death-toll?"
"Ooh, what a predicament your social awkwardness got you into this time! Free haircuts"
"you dropped this: To be fair, PC gaming is pretty much pointless."
"But a different opinion means they are just wrong! Yeah, people on reddit downvotes too much IMO. You should downvote only if someone is clearly aggressive or just wrong, not because someone has a different opinion than you."
Such a mystery why their company going down the drain Lawsuit: Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer led illegal purge of male workers
"but, but TOGETHER No, they don't listen to the words that we have been saying to them for months. Before Hillary even won the primary, Bernie or Bust was telling everyone that they wouldn't vote for Hillary. Then, after the DNC, a lot more people got behind Bernie or Bust, and very clearly said that they wouldn't vote for Hillary. How many times do we need to say that we won't vote for her because of everything she has done before they understand?"
"If there's anything this game needed, it was another way to kite melee champions. That dash kiting will be so op if you master it"
"That was clearly people firing people to get financially ready for having a Democrat president. lol oh my God. Fox News radio. You have my sympathies. I wonder what they said when Bush left office in a month where the US economy lost nearly 800,000 jobs. Did that ""just barely"" beat expectations."
Is Fuji 8 like a different mountain that looks like it? Tfw I've been on the summit of Fuji 8)
they changed his ult name back Can someone explain what happened that made Twitch so stupidly broken?
AOL Instant Messenger is relevant again? 13/f/cali hmu
"They're a commonwealth nation with the union jack on their flag so almost as good a GB win. I'm glad they won too, a first Fijian medal and a good chance for 7's to stay in the Olympics. Even as a Brit I'm happy, Fiji were just so much better than any other team I saw play, I'm not normally happy when we lose."
"Republicans: more police, military spending Democrats: more military, social program spending No stupid, they're *wildly* different. Truth. Unfortunately GWB showed us Republicans spend just as wastefully as democrats and the tea party became a thing. Now from a fiscal standpoint I believe there is no difference between the parties. Socially is another story of course."
"His name is John Alright, alright, I'm sorry. I get it. Funny thing is, that's how I used to play Fallout myself. I'll stay my tongue next time I think to say it. Thanks for the advice, jack."
"But cardboard cut-outs and body pillows express your individuality! I went on a couple dates with a guy. The second was a party at his house. His friends are there and they are super weird, even the other girls. The guy has a bunch of weird cardboard cut outs everywhere (Betty boop). I thought maybe he was just being ironic and had them as a joke. He wasn't. Then he started poking my face, said it was squishy. Then he licked me. I left."
"B-but the Nazis invented the swastika! 1,000 year old Buddha statue carved from a meteorite"
"Well, the wouldn't know what they were missing... I don't recall quoting any *""African bush tribe statistics""*, but, okay. So, by your reasoning, if FGM were performed at infancy, under the safe medical conditions, it'd all be good?"
"I just hire a Mexican on the street corner and bitch about the way we can't keep the illegals out of the country. Mike Rowe, creator of TV's ""Dirty Jobs"", testifies to Congress. ""I'm here today because of my grandfather..."""
tfw you don't label as cringe-a-day rip f ded panic at the disco Haters gonna die!!!!!!!!!!
"I'm pretty sure its if you give a mouse a muffin. There's an awesome book on home repair and renovation called *If You Give a Mouse a Cookie*. It's not a direct manual, but a good example of recent projects: I want to repaint my room. I might as well tile the floor now all the furniture is out. Look at all this termite damage I found. There was a safe underneath the carpet. I think this map leads to Costa Rica. None of these landmarks are the same as on the map, and I don't know enough Spanish to find a hardware store to buy a shovel."
bloody hilarious that was how did you reply so fast with only 9 fingers?
Put maru on your hands How do I make my hands faster? Right now when I'm watching TV or something I just do the sexy move repeatedly as fast as I can.
I took the hit on performance because I'm so lazy that I'd rather just buy an extreme budget card like the 1070 and switch them than to clean out the dust on the current one Why the downgrade? The 6770 is like 6x the performance of the 1070.
You had one job Yeah. My B
"This is a world where magic and dragons exist, is it not equally as likely that Baby Bolton has a gestation of longer than 9 months The problem with that is that it's been months already. There'd have been some indication."
"Well, nutnfancy says you need one and phone lights don't count, so you have to buy a tactical flashlight Let's talk about flashlights. Is carrying a light at all times really ""worth it""? I, like most people, use the light on my phone all the time to reach in dark areas, make my way through a dark room, etc, and I've never had a problem, other than the obvious lack of maneuverability and length it can be left on. Would dropping a chunk of cash on a high quality light *and* keeping it in my pocket constantly be worth the benefit of a brighter, better light?"
"And that swastika looked beautiful. This is, like, the point where griefing becomes beauty. This is incredible."
"Never occurred to me Do you think Kevin Love uses ""0"" because Love means ""0"" in tennis?"
do you mean yasiin bey? Mos Def has alot of great stuff that's pretty clean.
"So normal vegeta It would be cool if he could tap into the same rage/thinking that made him Majin Vegeta, like Super Saiyan Rage. He gets incredibly stronger, but becomes the giant dickhole from the Babidi tourney until he calms down."
"thats clearly a sys admin job.... I think i need to change my linkedin info.. im a systems admin with a 4 year degree and a few years experience(~3) in IT... today i got a cold email for this role: Principal duties and responsibilities:- To ensure facilities services like vending, House Keeping, dispatch, Maintenance, Catering, Access systems, indoor plants, etc. Provide SLA based services through AHD system. Monitor tickets, resolve the issue and close tickets on AHD system within the stipulated SLA. Liaison with Building maintenance team. Sourcing office supplies &amp; stationery, maintain inventory of stationery, monitoring re ordering levels. Periodic utilisation reporting. Issuing access cards using AMBIT system, enrolling FP and resolving issues with corporate teams E-separation clearance in System and returning old access cards to Corporate office Yearly asset verification and labelling To adopt and implement environment friendly practices and ensure conservation of natural resources and proper waste disposal. Flexible to accept the adhoc requests such as shifting goods, etc. Sending incoming FAC invoices to payments team. Attendance during critical equipment failure Ensure regular preventive maintenance."
"Leave me alone, pervert! No, sir/ma'am. It's not hard to be polite. How are you today? How's the family. You sure are looking good."
"r/WallStreetBets New to stocks, have a few grand to invest I'm 21 years old, I work full time and have some money saved up, I want to invest a few grand (probably $2,000ish) into stocks, I was given a few hundred for Christmas in a Fidelity Account and want to start there, I you have any tips or steps in where to start i'd be interested in hearing them."
"Not enough ""le."" Public Restrooms Make Life Hard"
"boy that doesn't sound shady at all.... Planning on moving out, scanning CL, found this sweet deal... Too bad I'm not I'm not a girl."
"heh, i'm not going to be liable for when you nasty radicals go brigading you .np'd a link to your own thread kek"
"yeah fuck edurne, two of the biggest clubs in the world have been caught in a fucking bullshit tug of war all because of her. Edurne"
"They should do detroit not much work needed to be done Because it's just the same crap as 3 again, a boring big city. They NEED to move it somewhere with an actually interesting local... And what makes it obvious?"
"Yeah, and 'guts' are known for being so strong, sturdy, and resilient, which is why people can take gut-punches with impunity. Balls are tiny, puny and weak. A vagina? Now that is some tough shit. Can you push a baby out of your penis? Balls are nothing compared to a vagina. Just kidding... sort of."
Windows 10 What is the first thing you install on a new computer?
That would be sodomy not rape Ask him how he would feel if he woke up to his wife reaming him up the ass with a giant strap-on.
Umpires. Half time and Geelong have 9 players with more Disposals than Hawthorns #1 Disposal leader. Wow.
A woman is anyone who thinks they're a woman! *crickets*
"BRING THE TO THEIR HEELS. Reminder: Hillary Referred To Blacks as ""Super Predators"" That Need To Be Brought To ""Heel"""
"By super pacs you mean all the small donations that make up the majority of her campaign support? She had super pacs raising money for her campaign while collecting speaking fees, and had the gall to claim she wasn't committed to running"
"Im sure that Wenger didn't want Kante and won't tell the press in a few months time he tried to sign him and everyone else that plays well. That's true I forgot about that, for some reason I had Arsenal as the other team interested in him."
"I know when getting information on political things, lindsay lohan is my go to Live EU Brexit Referendum Results MBGA/MAGA"
I think you dropped this: Pretty much.
"Ah, so *that's* why we didn't sign Bale! If he does that we won't ever deal with Everton again. Notice how we haven't dealt with Real Madrid since they fucked us over the Robinho deal."
I do love used bluetooth earphones provided by the barbers Get right on that. An inside the ear-bud that is blue toothed to customer selected music would be an awesome addition to this business. Pop them out if necessary to trim around the ears and then put them right back in.
Funny and original. Did it for the VAPENATION
Of course we love lazy customers without them we would have nothing to do Funny Lazy People Long time lurker here I was working in the frozen dept. minding my own business fixing plugging issues and decided to take a box back so it doesn't thaw out on my way back i see a customer put what looks to be a purse on a rack where it doesn't belong and she seen me look at her this is what she said Customer:Yea i'm lazy I don't want to go back to the other side its your job to put it back and you love me for it me: ..... (in my head:WTF was that all about) Customer are funny sometimes
"Because we all know that CNN has Trump bias CNN, very briefly, shows Bernie ahead of Trump nationally by 20 points"
"#EDUCATE YOURSELF BRO, I'M PRETTY SURE I READ IT SOMEWHERE! Great argument there. ""I don't have to defend my point by providing my own source for this information. My opponent should look it up!"" When you want to be a bit more serious about this discussion, go ahead and message me back with a credible source to your allegation."
Yes I agree people who arn't physically attractive to you have no business cosplaying Im sorry that Marie is just ugh...Looks like lady gaga lmao
"FRC CAD guy here, can't wait for mechanical to start yelling at me Anyone else compete in FIRST Robotics? The FRC competition Kickoff is today and I'm excited for the game reveal! I'm curious if there are a bunch of other LGBT FIRSTers or robotics nerds? Any last game guesses from the hints?"
"Nahhhh, i'm sure if we just put him in jail for a month and give him a parole officer everything will get better. Dude's clearly unhinged and in need of serious mental help."
should've added an exactly the opposite.
You don't need freinds I am leaving because the games that I played took to much time from my social life and my homework.
"YES IT DOES YOU WHITE CIS SCUM I post on the donald, that doesn't make me a heartless monster"
Its nice to hear you talk some sense for a change. Oh yes Labour is perfect and it was the media that kept them out for a generation not the fact that most Britons aren't radical socialists
"Ya, that Obama, is a real war monger. Obama On Syria Deal With Russia: 'If Diplomacy Fails, The United States Remains Prepared To Act'"
"If other people don't live exactly how I want them to, then they must be punished! Just let them live their lives how they want, asshole."
Yeah people shouldn't vote on what's important to them. No he isn't. Look at his stances. He is bad news for everyone and I really hope that people don't give him their vote just because of his stance on cannabis.
"Yeah, idols shouldn't be allowed to do sports. Gotta highlight all those injuries. When will they put a stop to this? Lol"
"No you see, men have fights, women have drama By people who have never read a history book."
fuk ur anglish klass bro Downvotes for correct grammar. Typical.
"Yeah, all games should have a QWOP styled walking! Are you saying it's interesting to simply hold the analog stick/W key to move forward, as opposed to mashing two different buttons for the left and right legs? It's just a method of movement; I personally believe it would be much too fiddly and unnecessary to have to mash different key combinations just to climb a wall and ledge."
"Not coastal, horses too far away... your start sucks, brah. By far my best spawn so far in Civ V."
"Setting boundaries totally makes you immature, OP. Was I too abrupt here? This man is a childhood friend of my mother's (He's yellow, I'm red)."
Gun violence is the key to world peace! Exactly what I got my conceal carry ...
It's surprising that they didn't make turrets a rebel token I agree. Allowing imperials to use rebel turrets is a big mistake.
"Well, you could have Japan instead... As someone who live in Southeast Asia, we don't want China to be our leader."
"Man, some allies they are, not automatically backing up our lies! NATO disputes Conservative claim that Russians confronted Canadian warship"
"Messi's spanish though, he plays for Barcelona Exactly, no one will expect it."
Aren't all those Japanese squiggles kanji? Kanji is not what you think it is.
"Dont be sorry for being European man Uh, sorry, I'm European."
"Yes asking for evidence and data to back up your claim is clearly an example of wikipedia's decline in quality. I think I am looking at direct evidence of it right now. You see the problem is always that we are unable to compare what is, with what might have been, if we hadn't driven high quality editors away. So if you want to rest on the idea that Wikipedia is soooooooo great, then what you are really doing is perpetuating what amounts to self-retardation. Soooooooo, there's that."
"But it allows me to let my perks that proc upon death and being revived so much more often... Honestly I never use it outside of the daughters and oryx fights. The gun is beautiful, but it fits such a small niche. I rarely have the breathing room to lower my health while I'm shooting, and there are better options if you're using it with the intent to reload vice losing the health."
He is practically Schwarzenegger Guy is super excited over his muscles
"...And of course that's the most important part, rather than wanting to ensure your partner is consenting. Why would a man risk it in the current climate? He'd be the one facing charges."
Is it 11 pounds of pure muscle though? Porzingis gained 11 pounds after starting weight training with Knicks
OMG BASEDDD MILO XDDD Mine: Milo Yiannoupolus.
"But don't forget, unless you peacefully demonstrate for your rights, you're just as bad as the people suppressing them! How bloody and violent the labor rights movement was."
Very compelling post. I'm not a hunter because I feel it's immoral to kill animals when you don't have to but I think if he wants to hunt that's ok since it's his choice and it's legal but he didn't have to call up the press and send them a photo of him with a dead deer he just killed given there's alot of people in VT that share my views.
source? We've taken it out of production temporarily. It was a slow seller and we needed to make room for the two new scents we released last week.
I have found the reason why I'm not upgrading! Slight annoyance with the action center...
"Someone who's on here as much as you would say that. You know what I'm impressed by, when people resort to ""oh yeah well... you do this activity I also do, but MORE!"" as an insult."
"He publicly stated that he won't play in the NFC nope, Peyton to Dallas"
I'm sorry I drive my prius every day
Fuck off I don't think you need to be grateful or anything but tact goes a long way.
The kind who'd probably shoot Cecil the Lion. What a piece of shit who would shoot a innocent panda.
"Someone strong enough to survive the cycles... Chosen undead? Ornstein's dead. More likely the Old Dragonslayer was a dude dressed as Ornstein. Heide was obviously built to resemble Anor Londo, so having a Dragonslayer guarding a temple was probably a tradition."
Not sure if they afford her after the sharknado buzz Tara Reid?
"Oh great, another way for Hershey's to charge you more for less chocolate. 3D Systems unveils CocoJet chocolate 3D printer"
Gotta have somewhere to put the cell phone. WTF does a 5 y/o need with a purse?
"Yeah, it's not like the allied nations have been helping them or anything Good. Now that we have ""Assisted"" enough, we can finally completely pull out. Hell, Iraq's military just showed ISIS that they are more of a threat than they though, so I think it's safe to leave this in their capable hands. We don't really have any reason to continue our military presence there."
"Thanks for clarifying icortesi's rather confusing answer Yup: Because all of them who can run, jump, and swim are in the US."
"Never mind that as a high-profile, famous gay man who has made his activism an integral part of his public image in recent years, GT has done magnitudes more for **real** social justice than SRS can dream of ... No, he's not 100% perfect (in their eyes) ... therefore, he is an *eeeevil shitlord* ... Keep up your internet wank, SRS, some day the world will see how right you are Wow, just when I think I have a grasp on their wackiness, they start talking shit about George Takei of all people... I guess I shouldn't be surprised, I've seen them talk shit about Gandhi for fucks sake."
Who is good against Thanos anyway? PSA: Wasp is a liability in TL Team Don't use her in your TL team. While defending she will flee from her swarm bubble when facing Thanos.
yeah he looks so gross omg ew Huh. Bradley Cooper might actually not age well. That'd be sort of surprising.
That would be promoting violence against women you bigot I'm not sure I could aim my flamethrower at a woman
"Bet it handles like a champ in the rain. Sir, there's a few things going on with your tire..."
That wasn't a no. Touche
"Dude he wasn't wearing his titanium re-enforced shin guards, we should mock him and and his poor life choices. Agreed. So judgmental. This type of thinking should not be encouraged. I see no reason to call him a squid."
What is CD? You CD's think you're so great
"Our glorious Indian culture, which is under attack from Western ideals. Despite Patch-up Bid, Upper Castes Skip School Meal"
Please tell me this is Ima go commit suicide now. Thank you
"I might aswell downvote it because it's not about the Gamemode I like . Wow, so sorry that you were forced to read something you didn't like. Hope that sick burn heals quick."
"Export As are $12.50-ish where I live, but that's in CAD, so like $0.10 USD? I guess I'm old... when I started smoking back in ... what, 1997 I think it was? I would get them for $3.95. And not the cheap brands, either... Export As. When I quit, they were $11, and that was 7 years ago... I have no idea how much they are now..."
Nothing says 'honeymoon' better than fat crispy naked German pensioners! Nude beaches....hell it's your honeymoon!
"LOL that's Taylor Swift for you, supporting all the small, poor artists who are really in need of support and finances. Taylor Swift Donates $250,000 to Kesha After Court Ruling"
"Yah that would be terrible. Next song on the front page: Nirvana - Smells like teen spirit. Umm... Thanks, r/music."
"3cc of it, no more no less Am i doing this right?"
"i think it was While I get your joke, it says in the article that there are two different covers. There's also a pic of the different covers that would be seperate."
"Yeah, so, I've never had a problem before, the map loads in seconds, and I haven't switched providers, but it's definitely my fault. your internet is slow, thats why"
Maybe he has laryngitis and won't be able to give a talk Cant tell if you're kidding... but he is not dead. Might just not be feeling well.
"No means yes And yes means anal As a bonus, if she says no, nobody has to find out!"
"Tim Kaine isn't running for president. They're like a parody of themselves. ""Guys, it's still ok to hate Clinton, just not this GUY, because this GUY seems like a nice GUY"". (even though they have the same positions and running on the exact same platform)"
"and I think we are all richer for it because what a work of art that documentary is He didnt have a wacko period. He acted in ""I'm still here"" and made some appearances in character that people thought were real."
"You forgot the The committee should rank all bowl eligible teams and place them in bowls to create ""compelling match-ups"""
"Gee... Now THERE""S a surprise! David Duke Urges His Supporters To Volunteer And Vote For Trump"
But it was a PAC-12 ref The ref that made the call had a better angle than any replay.
Should've been magikarp What if there was only ONE starter?
"Yeah, lets buff sentries... Anyone else feel there should be a +25 starting energy upgrade for Protoss sentries?"
So we are working off of pure speculation then? No but he's in the same clothes in the same stage of disarray in the same car with the same gun.
"But *guns*! Emerson is not very close to UC Berkeley, nor is it in Elmwood."
"This only applies to on-comming vehicles on the pedestrian path and not bicycles, clearly. Even if technically legal I rather doubt he was following correct procedure, he should have at least had his hazard lights on if not a yellow beacon on the top of the car and shouldn't have been travelling more than 5mph maybe 10mph at most, even that seems a little fast, for exact the reason that people aren't paying attention."
"Careful, you're being reasonable and thoughtful, we can't have too much of that! Shouldn't we question the validity of this ""screenshot"" with the same vehemence we question rape accusations and no-tip receipts? Also, you put ""(unprovoked)"" in the title, but the picture doesn't give us any indication either way."
"(in my best Pauly Shore voice) Uhhh, the wease is a hilarious shortening of my nickname, the weeeeas-el, alright buuuuud-dy? WTF is the Wease? He sounds like a homeless drunk going just by his voice. I kept waiting for him to say ""crazy drunk driver"" (from the end of BTTF."
"hack there computer and put a message on their screen. What do you say when someone says, ""You don't speak much!"" or ""You're really quiet!""?"
This feels fair. Ndamukong Suh won his appeal; now allowed to play vs. Dallas
"Than we shall keep her in the state she's currently in, hoorah! Scaling with crit is very inhibiting towards itemizing. It's a bad idea."
"Perfect, that's the mentality we need in order to make something happen. They kill people all the time. Be happy your alive and move on with your life hes not getting any punishment."
#drain the swamp The whole damn cabinet needs to be opposed
"Because every woman has periods, can become pregnant, and has engaged in sexual intercourse with a fertile man. Panicked about a late period."
"Thanks for clearing that up for me Considering he isn't the GM, I am going to say no."
"Not an offensive or bigoted comment at all. France is a beautiful country, it's the French that ruin it."
Screen pass is our best bet Bet they don't run it straight up the middle
Yeah that's what it is Your being a little bitch cause you cant afford my items lmfao
Stormfront Then name a good place where both conservative and liberal ideas (or ideas of other stripes) are listened to and respected.
But then we might have to pay our teachers more. THANK YOU!!! It frustrating that people ~~don't know~~ forget that when people lose their jobs the government loses their tax dollars. They need to make macroeconomics a required course for high school graduation instead of multiple years of gym
Mewtwo was my starter What's the deal with Mewtwo?
Am I on r/unexpected? You racist piece of shit.
"When I'm standing in the rain, waiting for drivers to allow me to cross the street so that I can get home, I know that lights that flash when I press a button always make me feel better. Where I live I see people cross the street with crosswalks less than a block away. I live in la and there are tons of pedestrian walkways crossing the street. Some even have lights that flash when you press a button."
"Like, everywhere man Where are you getting this info from?"
It should all be based off of baptismal certs... Primate wants to see end of entrance exams for Catholic schools
Its over 24 fps human eye cant see it The animation is well over 100FPS that might be why you can't see it.
for me it'd be closer to 15 but yee lets gambul for rollz So $5-$10 on option A?
For being Brad Marchand Marchand should have been in the box for what?
"TIL curry has more 3pm than Pistol Pete Evolution: Steph Curry has scored more 3-pointers in his last 16 games than any player in a whole season from 1979-80 through 1986-87 did. Most in that interval: Darrell Griffith (Jazz) with 92 made threes in 1984-85. He had 91 the year prior, and Bird had 90 in '87. Steph Curry in his last 16 games: 95 made threes. Insane."
vigilante justice is soooooo hilarious. Saw this at Walmart today
"If there's one thing California needs more of, it is state-employed workers and their associated CALPERS pensions. Like 5% of state's working population is already employed by the state."
"Yeah, because that's been working *just fine*. Considering how power mad most politicians are having to prostrate yourself to someone else's authority isn't a bad thing."
"Yeah but at least I get to be 6'4""! That's the best part about being 5'8""ish. My penis looks huge even though it's only average."
Just Brazil plumbing things... Why did it turn green?
Chances this is nuclear testing? 5.9 quake strikes Colombia
"Remember, it's called paid leave to make it sound more punishing! The usual probably. Paid vacation using your tax dollars."
"Like I'm the Messiah of video gaming with my .640 KDR It's called a comeback and you, alone, are going to make it happen"
"""buh meh KDR!!!"" I thought the point of any defense was quite obvious. There is a giant pod. Protect the giant pod. 1 - you're not a mind reader. The game might be super easy for you. but you don't know the people you're playing with. so do the obvious thing, which is to protect the pod. 2 - if the game is super easy for you, and you're hallway heroing while not doing the most obvious thing you're supposed to do. (which is to protect the pod) thats on you. 3 - nowhere is it written that frost is the only one who has to stay with the pod, while everyone else runs around. the very idea is stupid. everyone has to protect the pod. 4 - running off to kill mobs long before they hit the pod, is not protecting the pod. its just running around killing shit .... in short , protect the pod."
Ahh... We've come so far... Medicine didn't become legitimate until the scientific revolution. Before then everyone around the world would just guess and try different things and hope it made them better.
All of my posts here have an invisible You're joking right? Too young to be careful?
"Man, I saw so much advertising from NBC for this event too. WSOF 30 views: in case you want a reminder how **small** mma is"
"You should say ""Unspecified franchise that offers caffeine brevages is overrated"" If I said ""Starbucks is overrated"" would you call that advertising?"
"Yes, with a 30 foot arm span. Was he the fattest man in the world and that's his shirt? (serious)"
"But they are brown people, I thought we hated all brown people? People down voting this. Jesus fucking christ.."
"thanks Minecraft players Flight hits 20,000,000 views."
"Yeah much better than Lisa Su I am sure Go work for AMD, I'm sure a Reddit user could do a fantastic job at being a CEO."
"You don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan, I know that. Ohio!"
I heard that jumping straight to physical violence makes you a superior being to the person that you are threatening... That's probably the most horrible thing I've ever heard. Seriously if I knew you in real life I would beat the shit out of you.
"You should also search for whore, prostitute, trash, dick, cunt, etc...I'm sure you'll find those in there I searched for some common violent words we know other houseguests besides the plastics have been using: ""beat"" - except in on Monte discussion about him beating Justin's morals, only used in context of beating others at comps. Not about beating someone. ""fire"" - doesn't show up, no one threatens to set fire to anything ""drag"" - Shelby mentions this once ironically, after she heard Jason tell her he would be the one dragging her on twitter after an all-out-there exchange of words they had where he said he would do that to her. ""hit"" - laser hitting the target was mentioned, there was no mention of hitting other people ""slap"" - 0 mentions We know this comes out of other houseguests mouths, and I don't discount that Morgan does seem to be a bit ignorant of some of the homophobia she's probably grown up with. Monte definitely. But nothing that talks about or incites violence. I totally get why ex-houseguests don't like a everything compiled in one place, but shouldn't an ex-houseguest have some responsibility for their own words, especially when violent words they've used help validate a toxic fandom that is exactly what ex-houseguests are worried about?"
"Nothing to do with running triathlons , It's definitely the edible grass They never gas, though."
I chose this nickname because I'm just that cool Whats up with your nickname. Fridge? Could have chosen something more fun :). Or is the cooling that good ;-;
"no no but someone sent out resumes with stereotypical white names and exaggerated black names and more white people were hired that is definite proof that being black means you won't get anywhere in life and being white means you'll automatically have a job forever White privilege is a joke now-a-days. Maybe 30 years ago or farther back it was a problem, but now it's just a joke. Socioeconomic status is a far more accurate predictor of if someone is privileged or not, not skin color. Not ALL white people are middle/upper class, so it's not white privilege. Likewise, not ALL black people are impoverished and were raised in the ghetto. Saying an entire race has a privilege is just plain ignorant. Race generalizations are a RESULT of socioeconomic status, not the CAUSE-at least not in today's society."
Wow thanks for introducing me to Blink 182 Blink-182 - Damnit
GOKU PLS Sakurai on new DLC: 'From now on it's going to be fan service' - Source Gaming Translation
"I'm sure he was giving them all words of encouragement .. You legit know nothing about football... he is not the only one who has ever done it. Not to mention, he supported at least one of them."
^ I dont know i think cam might get sentenced to LWOP
"But it's right in the name *African* American This is racist in a sort of weird way. BLM are talking about black oppression in America. Africa has nothing to do with it. Bill is basically saying, ""We helped out your kind in your home country so stop complaining about your problems here."""
You and your damned double speak! What a government shutdown means: Pretty much nothing shuts down.
"Yeah, right, go ahead and prioritize food and shelter then you filthy casual. the kind of person who can't afford to do so"
"No, 2 outlets is enough for 3 ppl Would you guys advise us to bring a power strip?"
Excuse the fuck out of me but I love nutmeg. why bother with such an inferior high when the good bud is right next to it? whippets are fukken nutmeg tier
"Or they could have hired Kimi instead of Daniel when they had the chance. Great, so thanks to these new rules every team should be expected to both build their chassis and engine to be competitive."
"Yay, now I can call his lack of maps fascism. Please welcome Arpeggias to the mod team. Or, back."
"But there's no f on controllers! This is due to the fact that you need to ""press f to pay respects"" at a funeral in the game Call Of Duty:Advanced Warfare. It's generally used to obviously pay respects or say RIP."
Xbox 1 game on Xbox One for only $16 woo! Toro now available on Xbox One.
start doing hard drugs and alcohol so you know your limits High School starts for me on August 3rd. What are some things I can do to prepare/ starter tips?
Yeah I hear gunshots in the streets every day Do this in America and you get shot.
"She shouldn't've let her hair go through the natural process of growing! since this is reddit, I'm guessing this is somehow the fault of the Christian woman."
Bro you're not even AFCW get out of the convo.... And James Harrison at 37.
"Unless you say something bad about Cher. It's a hoax. The twitter account was hacked. Either way, APD and the bars will be stepping up their security. If it makes you feel better, your statistically more likely to die in a car crash on the way to the gay bar."
"Get yours now before they run out! Is extremely creepy how everyone is talking about having bought one already. I have never heard so many compliments to Microsoft stores, also so many unnecessary comments about how they are running out of stock."
But I thought this game was pay to win Druid deck that got me to masters with no epics or legendaries.
"Maybe this is why the Chargers didn't want offset language Joey Bosa down on the ground, trainers are out."
But I thought Microsoft is committed to windows 10 mobile. Lenovo won't make Windows phones because it doubts Microsoft's commitment to the platform
"It's bizzare when you consider how consistent the rest of the game is. It was around september or october 2013. The great AP scale change. That scale change makes basically no sense, it's just frustrating for AP hunters, and makes the whole system inconsistent with itself."
How will I know if a post is funny if the upvotes don't tell me so! Then how will it change anything?
"Nah, just want my chat to get filled so it feels like people are talking to me.. :( Valuable drop 132 coins. You broke mate?"
"Don't worry, the details will come out when the next NASA laptop is stolen. SpaceX glitch may be deemed secret under US arms laws"
"I bet it's smoked air, which is worth a lot more. this bag of jerky is mostly air"
"I guess they should have let him die because he couldn't price compare treatment options Guy on here a while ago set his house on fire with a generator and a can of gas or something, in his basement, while doing renovations. He woke up in the yard with his dog, and paramedics around him, and then woke up again in a hospital like 2 hours away that had a burn specialty center. They life-flighted him out via helicopter while he was unconscious, and then charged him $100,000 for the helicopter ride that he didn't choose to take, and he had just like a month before spent all of his money on a project home he was restoring himself, which he completely lost in the fire, so he was broke, homeless, and had a bill for well over $100,000 while covered in severe burns."
I wonder where the dog developed that. my friends dog freaks the fuck out anytime it sees a reflection off someones phone screen.. i doubt a laser pointer is the worst of his issues
"I surely can't imagine why this is. That's a Japanese thing. Almost every Japanese game I play with religious subject matter seems to have organized religion portrayed as an evil, or at least misguided force."
The *real* bug is in the tail; fix it and you're good to go what debugging sometimes feels like
"Catholics aren't real Christians! Didn't Trump make that comment about Mexicans immigrants anyway? You know, that country which is predominantly Catholic.."
"Which is why Ricciardo is also being brought up in the conversation. Y'all acting like if they had a car that could do the same, they wouldn't do it. They just don't like an uneven playing field."
The only choice I bet r/Android is gonna think that all Pixels freeze now. They really don't like this phone.
"Netflix and Raid anyone? Enter queue, search new a film or a tv-serie -""oh, the tank pulled. Don't worry i do not choose what watch yet""-."
**SURGE** I'm from Wisconsin and I don't know a single Lyin' Ted supporter.. How the FUCK?
"You were put in a pink blanket in the hospital so you therefore have been socialized and have no responsibility for your actions. ""Without us, nobody would be able to make their own decisions and do things that aren't stereotypes!"" Nobody thinks less of women than feminists."
"I'm SO glad the the Iraq war only took slightly more than a month before it was all over and our fearless leader could declare ""Mission Accomplished!"" George W. Bush Presidential Library set to open to the general public on May 1st - the 10 year anniversary of his 'Mission Accomplished' speech."
"Yeah...don't do hairpin legs because other people don't like the aesthetic of the piece of furniture that is going to exist in your own house. The other idea was to build a pair of craftsman style legs. There is a shitton of wood here. Waaay, way more than there needs to be, and it's really poorly done."
This explains his love for science. How does his 1970 science class have better stereoscopes than my 2016 science class?
"Yeah, I wonder what the color timing and shade will be in another 50 years aka color timing"
"Take more drugs, im sure you'll end up less fucked then before A happy confession bear for you all."
"Because then we can absorb their amazingness, and if we don't eat them, they'll go to waste! Anyone seen those Foster Farms commercial? They have chickens singing and they say chickens are amazing.... So what's the logic behind eating them?"
Obviously someone's never looked at the thousandth term in a Taylor series expansion. ....really? When was the last time you saw a factorial in the thousands...
"Then you forgot your It was a joke, it is a stereotype that men want sex at all times."
"But nuclear causes bad things on tiny island with huge natural disasters, so we can't have one here on america! -That the most popular decision will result in the best outcome. NO. Fullstop. -That democracy is the holy grail of governemtal structure. NO. It's just the least bad we have. Specially concerning scientific matter democracy is one of the worst things to have. It doesn't matter at all that the masses think for example Nuclear energy is bad and should not be used. It's a FACT that it's the cleanest source of energy we have (not saying we shouldn't invest in developing renewable technologies)."
"because people actually train agility I couldn't have been the only person who thought this thread was about the ape atoll agility course, right?"
"But modi never endorsed these MLAs,they were acting on their own,you cannot blame the BJP.This is a conspiracy to malign the BJP ahead of delhi elections! Arvinder, five others held guilty of paid news"
"Just flew my F8 meteor against a team of mig9's and la15's + 3 mig15's, easiest game of life, thx gaijin! Battle Rating &amp; Economy Changes, September 2015"
And why is it legal to switch to another channel while there are commercials on TV? Why are ad blockers legal?
"Yeah, I love how deep they are There are some strong women in WoT. lol"
"Yeah, it's like gender I forgot that there's a direction binary"
But he's too slow/has bad hands/can't run routes Kelvin Benjamin great adjustment+catch at TC
"you are an English major, aren't you? People have their strengths and weaknesses, plus you never know what fucktard taught them."
"and then he was best remembered for his anti-semantic comments. ""I'm always up for semantics."" -Mel Gibson in some cop movie a long time ago."
Just carry two logs man Partially because they have restrictions on their driving and legally *have* to stop once they run out of drive time in their logs
that guy has no beard how is he a virgin i demand the flesh
"Waaaaah waaaaah, stop whining you cishet manbaby! Guy shows girl his micropenis and she laughs him out and tells him to get his shit and leave."
I reckon this'll be fine Turkey to temporarily suspend European Convention on Human Rights after coup attempt
"This Lampard guy from some financial group is pretty good, not Di Natale-good, but still. Which football player peaked at the oldest age?"
"But Hillary's emails Great way to defend Republicans, casually calling out *all* politicians. There are a lot of bad politicians, most of them are Republicans unfortunately."
"They aren't bugs, they're features :P Yeah, I get distracted very easily. Though that wasn't really my problem with IE. It just had a shitton of bugs that web developers had to work around."
"I donno man... I was in Lakewood the other day, and there were a lot of people at the bar with that accent. No shit, Sherlock."
Must be a Jew... I don't get it?
So my incestuous relationship with my sister won't be frowned upon anymore Well there it is. Radio in Manitoba tried to be Ontario...but lost out to Saskatchewan. We truly are prairie trash..... Yeehaw
"Just as marijuana is an entry drug to more dangerous drugs like cocaine, heroin and prozac, nerf guns are considered entry weapons to more dangerous ones like guns and artillery and cruise missiles. 4th Grader Suspended For Properly Completing Assignment With A Nerf Gun | Techdirt"
"Haha, i forgot the I thought it was!?"
Yeah but what about weapons! everyone has the right to self defense
"You're right man, i don't know anything about motors. you need to know about motors to make comments here, and you dont appaerently, this is a small econobox motor, it will not bode well in the long, but it could be fun while it lasted."
"Call it ""slow play"" and it's perfect. Casual Mode! It's like Quick Play but worse! No seriously, all they did was take quickplay, and make it less quick The only positive to casual is being able to queue up for multiple maps of your choosing, other than that it's just a worse quickplay"
"Or you just want feliks's beautiful face all over your room. I keep them; most of my cubes are MoYu, and I really like the look of the MoYu boxes :D"
"Of course they refuse to comment, having to face consequences for their actions like everyone does would be another form of oppression to them. Black Lives Matter rep refuses to comment on co-founder's tweet"
ehh he has a kid he needs to tuck in anyways. Don't tell Diggle! (From Katie's Facebook)
"All he did was publicly disrespect her, jeez, some people are so sensitive. I don't know why but I laughed so hard at this. Still giggling. Seems to me like she's just being a little butt hurt."
The Liberal party is not tied to big money at all! I'm just shocked I have a PM who isn't a weirdo creepy talentless loser who lurked around like some eccentric billionaire (without the money)
"Because everything Lucas retroactively decides about SW makes it a better story. According to George Lucas, the surname Skywalker is very popular. Plus Vader was convinced that the twins died with Padme, making the search for his offspring pointless."
I bet the principal will be post-humously reprimanded for violating OSHA rules... :-) Principal dies after pushing students out of way of bus
"No, there are actually flies that are only 0.0038um tall. In this case the fly height is referring to the reader height above the disk?"
"Because I actually like his music. Okay, but why does John Lennon get a pass?"
And of course it is guaranteed that the police can get them every time right Our got caught by police before executing their attack.
Charging will be totally safe too Eleaf has a triple 18650 istick coming out.
Forgot the Would you give up on your job which happens to be your passion because you got a raise?
"So, that includes Bad Rats, right? I saw this on Steam today"
Needs more dogs That door is probably the hardest boss in the game.
Chemistry teacher spilled acid on a dude's face. What is the sickest burn you have seen a teacher give to a student? Could also be from a boss to an employee or of a similar relationship
"Yeah, fucking blacks can vote now I feel like I need to watch a solid 2 hour documentary about the election process and how far off it is now than what the founding fathers imagined."
"Scooterfag I'll definitely try! I don't want to post it on reddit tho I will get hella downvoted with skate footy, just sub to the youtube channel the previous links are on, I post some skate stuff every now and then :)"
"Strong powerful people don't allow murder to occur, therefore if someone shoots you is your fault! Eric Trump: 'Strong, powerful women' don't allow sexual harassment to occur"
"Yeah because no one liked DGD or Emarosa with Jonny in it except that before the Drake feud, meek actually put out tracks people liked"
"Wait, by pizza, do you mean little boys? God forbid someone just wants a slice of pizza."
"But my media is bad narrative! For real, these two comments' thoughts on the reporter are so confusing. This is a basketball related question with no blame or anything attached, it's a question a basketball purist, not into the sport for the drama, would want asked right?"
"I am glad that someone actually follow the scripture and put that woman in her place, the world would be a better place if all those fake Christians did the right thing like he did. Woman raped for a week by Christian, citing scripture."
"What, they couldn't tell just by the artistic merit? TIL There is a Harvard library that houses over 2,500 pigments and with the scientific instruments they use, they were able to prove a Jackson Pollock painting was fake based on the year a certain pigment was discovered."
"If we don't have our own weapons to fight against, what will motivate us to build bigger and better weapons? We should stop giving weapons to foreign military groups it always seems to end up with our weapons used against us."
"That's 1.5: Variants for you! it really is that bad, FD need to fix this or the ship will be redundant at launch."
"It's because here it's just skins, not real money like in the starcraft case... Its funny watching this community and the starcraft community. Korean players caught matchfixing face potential jail time, and definite lifetime bans, even bans from streaming platforms, and nobody is batting an eye. Here? Mannn, only ban em for a year its not that baaaaaadddddddddddddddd. I hope the ban stays indefinite, frankly"
"It's pointless to be nice to people with no interest in fucking you. Geee, he sounds like such a nice guy. You know, I tend to give my friends rides places because they're my friends, not because I want them to fuck me."
"The vegan Trump vote should not be under estimated. I voted for Trump. No change. I don't think Hillary would have accomplished anything. That duty is to us, the consumers, and the corporations making vegan products."
is this a troll or someone who forgot their It's well known that the Smash community isn't very welcoming to women. This incident doesn't help to that image at all. Imagine the poor girls hoping to go to a Sm4sh tournament with the fear of getting double-teamed and posted on the Internet.
Run. any tips on defeating a good khaimera? I just got done with a match and had a really hard time killing khaimera. are there any good tips on how to counter him? I usally use gideon and would love some tips from high elo players.
"Brazil, land of the free and the home of the brave. Brazil Passed On Boeing For $4.5 Billion Fighter Jet Deal Because Of Concerns Over NSA Surveillance"
Oh no America warns Turkey it could lose Nato membership
"I'm Mexican American, and I could easily be a cartel member if I wanted to. Oh right, because there aren't any non-Mexicans who commit crimes. But let's ignore all that."
"Everything I know about PCs today came from a keyboarding class back in high school, so I kinda do know mostly everything. FYI I took a computer class"
"MLG item packs bought off the deep web. Where do you get the mini splash art and the buzzer noise? For the How to Play 101 series, where do you get the black splash for the text and the buzzer for 'no tech' jokes?"
Which is why they pay so much for the use of the voting machines As shitty as it sounds the primary system and the political parties that run them are not bound by any true legal framework. They are literally just private groups that can set any rules they wish.
"$0.10 in the US, despite the title using commie commas. Epic War TD 2 $0,10 from $2,99 (-%97)"
You'll learn how to kick some criminal ass. I'm going into criminology in september but no idea what I'll take from it.
"If we are living in NMS, why isn't it as colorful? An article about the Virtual Universe Theory quotes No Man's Sky"
"I am sure he maintains a 50ft buffer of natural plants and doesn't use fertilizer on his property like the DNR suggests people do to protect waterways. ""city water used to flood it is hurting wildlife"" So I'm guessing this guy is against watering his lawn too?"
"That totally justifies abusing babies. i had a circumcision done in December of 2014 and the healing process wasn't too bad, a little bit of pain when I had random erections but it wasn't bad at all. Totally worth it for me."
Czech* Check*
But you picked Trent Richardson already right? Your best offensive player is gonna be trent richardson
"You forgot Nothing celebrates the birth of our lord &amp; savior more than forcing your own personal beliefs on others. It will be nice that I will hear more of my favorite carols: ""Merry Christmas, damned Atheist"" and ""Silent Night, keep it down over there, Jews""."
Whats Belfast is that in Eastern Europe? Europe according to Woody
"They already did it in Bahrain during quali and the race, empty stands everywhere. Not buying Saturday tickets would surely send a stronger message. Not that anybody currently holding tickets had a chance of knowing that qualifying would become this bad after buying them."
But he's creating dependency This is one awesome dude.
RIP Zelda's hands So Link's dair animation has a... quirk.
Are you saying that an award winning dancer is uncoordinated? we need less coordination and a thin layer of lip sweat
"No, Garrisons require me to spend all my time in them. so.............. go see other players wtf"
"Pshhhh I could do better than that at 300 yards with a M1A, $300 scope and American eagle! For Cutlet"
"You have to read the lyrics of every song you listen to and absolutely agree with them, even if the lyrics aren't comprehensible while listening, otherwise the music sucks No, he cares about the music itself."
"Thank you for reiterating what I just stated. That isn't how it works, no wonder it isn't helping. You need to RC when things are weird or when you might be dreaming."
Nice flair. All you need to know is duelist starts with cleave and dual strike and you're good to go!
A woman cooking for her family is misogynistic. But those are some interesting family dinners...
Baylor is terrible team My brother went to K-State...he was not amused.
But they're just protecting the children. States are losing out on billions of dollars by keeping pot illegal
You elitist bastard! I've stopped being surprised and shocked at the abject hypocrisy of this man and at the cognitive dissonance of his supporters.
That means when the Broncos dump him at the end of the season he'll be that much healthier when we pick him up to be a stater! Our troubles are over. We'll keep the scalp.
Your* you're an optimist
"Chicago O'hare Reddit, what's your favourite airport? Where and why?"
"Well if these millennials are ""techies,"" then the system is working as intended. Report: Millennials Totally Screwed When It Comes To Buying Property: SFist"
"Healthy at any size, any size at any age! When will they change the obesity age to 21 ?"
"Because everyone knows that having an STD is determined by how many partners you have not who they are. Nowadays 11 is ""low."""
"I agree, nerf plea! Why does Fenrir have 3 escapes (one of them being CC immune) and a stun?"
"So funny This is even funnier for someone who speaks Thai because the number 5 is pronounced as ""ha"". Many 5s in a row is... hahahahahahaha."
SPOOOOOOIIILLLLEEERRRRRZZZZZ I.musta missed the part in the games where the Purple guy cooked a kid alive...
"Different-page-gate, literally the next bump-gate Kyrie Irving and David Blatt on different pages about late timeout"
"But but this sort of thing has been happening since forever...tell me, did it not happen during UPA years? where do you live sir? in a cave? WE BHANT BEEF BHAIN!! was the BJP's cry. nevermind, i won't try to correct you because it's not worth. carry on"
"Pshh, everyone knows the 42% is the REAL collectors item. I was gonna save it..."
"Pfft, everybody knows that it's better to have a paper thin phone than a phone with a good battery life! Smartphones with a Nokia battery life."
There is no way they could ever build or modify an application platform for private data and coms share. I for one am hiding under my bed until the scheme is in place. Maybe I'll give it a couple of days afterwards just so it has time to pick up the hundreds of terrorists unwittingly communicating their intentions over insecure lines right now. I hope I can survive until it's up and running...
"Yes, because media bias is all the rage in high schools these days. Yeah, I wouldn't if you teach high school students. I think the message would be lost on them."
let musicians not be able to sue youtube uploaders with pitched voices because the songs sound so stupid its like a parody Can't really sue for parody / referencing..
"I'm gonna need some help here, what does ASAP mean? ""Yeah, the vendor would like you to verify the BIOS version on that mobo, and test the CPU fan before testing the RAM for potential errors. They said there might be an I/O issue if everything else above checks out. If you can provide the IP, we need them to connect to the iDRAC/ILO and we will get this handled ASAP."""
"NO, you just put the 5 best KDA players from a region on a team and rake in the major wins. pathetic how heavily people value stats. especially KDA. when there is a single relevant stat that you see in public (ADR, not even KDA) and it doesn't even show you how the team won the game. first kills, pistol kills, clutch kills and damage. also depending on your role you either get kills that win your team games or you only get kills if your teammates can't do their job. some people have NO concept of this."
"What, do you expect a choice? Why not both?"
"No, but he makes fiery speeches so clearly we're wrong about Collins The guy is an absolutely terrible manager. I'm sick of people defending him because there is nothing to defend. He's a terrible decision maker and has no clue as to how to manage a bullpen. I'm tired of this guy costing us games and wasting this teams when we're in a situation where we have a great contending window."
"Na man, ADC is totally fine right now JUST KITE LAWL I love playing as adc"
"but it has *rain* this time It's just a port, not a remaster."
Neeeeeeeerrrrrd. This is great fun for Darth until he runs into The Doctor. Try choking a guy who has a respiratory bypass and who can take a sonic screwdriver to your torso light bright. :)
"But he sucks and we should trade him Claude Giroux last night: 2 goals and an assist, 4 shots, +3, 79% on the draw, winning 19 of 24 draws. Thats it"
"This a lie by the american govermet Muslims are peace full people, this is why its called the religion of love Police foiled plan by IS supporters in Australia to ""snatch a random member from the public, drape them in an IS flag, and behead them on camera"""
"Prejudice and hate only ever exists in the US, haven't you heard? Lol how is that typical us behavior. Only in the US there is homophobes? You are daft m8"
It could be worse - you could be a woman and get paid 78 cents on the dollar As a white male
"Such as becoming a shitty person themselves. go figure that people who are raised by shitty people can develop issues later in life, I'm sure there are actual genetic and environmental studies on paper, but you don't need those numbers to make it so obvious."
It's in the title - 1798. duh. What is the date?
"Gays are only 3/5 of a person, Blacks are negative people, according to conservatives. sorry i just realized my mistake: it was her segment where she showed about blacks serving in army and how most polls and people were against it!"
"Obviously, the insurgents would be kind enough to let the government know who they are! If there was a US revolution, the first thing the government would do is to close down all communication, commercial air travel, banking and credit cards of the insurgents. And they will be fired if they are not self-employed. Then you'll find out who the weekend warriors are."
"He could petition to have it removed from the registry It's still an unregistered SBS even if he puts an 18"" barrel on it, once an NFA item always and NFA item. If he were to be investigated and denies it ever had an illegal barrel length that's illegal, if the OP had included a picture he would be completely up a shit creek if they try to hide it."
Stabbed into various objects around the house. How do you Store your Knives/Collection?? So basically I have recently started collecting at a heavier pace and am looking for ideas/methods to store my knives. My knives currently hang out wherever I last placed them which often displeases my significant other and is semi off-putting to company/friends. I am looking for suggestions and input on methods to store and organize such collections. Thanks!
"so just all of them? cinnamon star cookies, vanilla crescents, linzeraugen and lebkuchen (gingerbread) are the best!"
"I blame AlphaRad. I'm just so happy people are starting to realize his potential. I've been a Little Mac main since the beginning and everywhere I looked was ""What a pathetic excuse of a character"", ""He sucks so hard"" ""Oh great, a Little Mac player, don't they know he is the worst character?"" Maybe now people can finally give him the credit he deserves."
"Everyone else is pulling your leg, she actually laid down on the floor because that's how she stumbled into prostitution.... Non-native English speaker here, what does ""she was floored"" mean?"
It's well known that attractive men prefer fat Tubblrinas. Tumblrina gets hit on by a super hot waiter
"make sure to do absolutely no research on your own before asking a question...because reading the wiki wouldn't have answered this for you. Compound routine? Hi all! Just wanted to get your opinions on something. I currently train 3 times as week (if I'm lucky 4) and am a fan of compound movements. I was wondering if it's viable to do just this exercises 3 times a week? For example on Monday, Wednesday and Friday I would do Pull ups Dips Bench press OHP Deadlift Squat Would I hit most body parts with this or would I miss something out? Thanks in advance!"
"A train did a sick burnout for 2 hours, can't you read? what happened there?"
"Send his ass down, he has been invisible all season Should the Leafs send Mitch Marner back to the London Knights?"
"7 out of 9 are Republicans... Wow, who would have thunk it? The 9 Most Anti-Science Candidates in America"
Isn't Kanye's mere existence a charity to everyone? Dorial Green-Beckham pretended Kanye West was a charity to wear Yeezy cleats
God forbid someone destroy the narrative that white people actually have no melanin at all because every one of them is an albino. Why hire actors of color when you can have Chris Pratt in brownface?
But they promised me my mac couldn't get viruses! Macs can be permanently compromised via firmware worm
"I mean, they're not people, so it's fair right? I think his joke suggests you owned the lawyer and are giving possession of said lawyer to someone eelse"
Because viper is obviously op how on earth did you guys lose to that comp
"It's last gen holding us back Sitting at the campfire in the pregame lobby... I was thinking it would be cool if when someone else joins your lobby (or you join someone) then it shows two characters sitting around the campfire. It would ofc go up to 4 characters sitting around the campfire if you have 4 people, and 3 for 3 Treyarch get on this plz! XD"
Wade to OKC to form the underwear big 3 Dwyane Wade forms partnership with Naked. Will join Kevin Durant (Neff) Russell Westbrook (Kings &amp; Jaxs) as NBA players w/underwear deals.
"No single life is more important than the drug war. I hope the cop got a warning for that, what a dumbass, ever hear of the saying what goes up must come down??"
If germany had won WW2 we wiuldnt even need to discuss the refugees! If Germany/Austria hadn't started WW1 the Ottomans would have endured and prevented this shit fest in the Middle East. Thus we should blame Germany.
Men in society are oppressed I'm not sure if I'm understanding
"Surprised it's not just the death penalty down in TX In Texas it would have been a 3000$ fine, 12 months probation, 6 month license suspension, alcohol class and community service for a first time offender."
"switch by nintendo switch the great ""The Switch"" or just ""Switch"" Am I going to play my game on *the Switch*, or am I going to play my game on *Switch*?"
"Just imagine how many more jobs it would get us though. Talk about a stimulus package. 19,000 sign petition to build Death Star. It would cost more than $870 Trillion and require the entire steel output of the globe for decades"
m'fatty Don't say this. Gentlemen are going to start requiring their dates to weigh in.
"But there's definitely nothing wrong with wages in this country I had a retired coworker do exactly this. They had to call him to come collect his pile of paycheques because he didn't need the money. When he finally went to pick them up, he saw the amount and said ""how do people live off this?""."
"His best friend plays for the Clips, just saying Lebron James buy $21M, 9000 sq. foot mansion in LA."
"Yes it will You know why they don't, though. Arguing about it on Reddit won't change that."
"I thought Scriptkiddies were the ones that use mommy and daddy's credit cards for hacks... I wish I could use mommy's and daddy's cards to be just as gud and kewl as them. Nah, man. Skripkiddies."
Should blame reddit instead Kuroky is not the one who starts this stupid drama. Why the fuck that EE put the blame on kky? This EE.
"Guess I forgot the The game mode itself is for fun and supports teamwork and using the limited resources of the unique team comps to win the game, and it's not ranked it's just a normal"
"No reddit is literally communist China run for the hills boiz Wait, so you're implying that the recent banning of these spammy, identical anti fat subs was because they held an unpopular opinion and not vote manipulation? That would be essentially like saying the vast majority of reddit users just naturally decided to upvote a bunch of (I say again) **identical** subreddits."
"No one probably has said this but trade Price World is falling apart, 2 games in! Better fire Therrien before the next game, at least we'd get another record."
"I MISS THE DAYS WHEN GUYS WEREN'T FRIENDS AND THEY GOT IN FIGHTS THE LEAGUE IS SOFT NOW. Is LeBron open to Paul George picking his brain over summer? ""Absolutely."""
Or maybe cutting 1/3 of their pay will make them more motivated to teach? WI public school teachers clearly deserve more money
Maybe it's chicken night at Red Lobster and he has left over white meat? It was going so well until...
"yah what a terrible place, look at those spoiled fans reacting unjustifiably to a team who's only recently become an embarrassment Wow, you guys weren't kidding about the comments on Facebook! What a terrible place."
Didn't Bowie Crockett win? Asking people who won at the Alamo is also fun.
Ohh sweaty liquor....yay. TIL that there's a spirits company that first pours every drop of its booze over the breasts of top Playboy models before bottling.
"We get no specs, no rims, and no colors, but at least they were generous enough to upgrade the Miata's brakes to drilled rotors for us The real Miata doesn't come with drilled rotors, doesn't it?"
"Because all the thinking that happened before the appointment (or since the moment you became fertile/got ""the talk"") just doesn't count. But we do have a law that requires you to wait 5 days between your first appointment and the actual procedure so that you really ""think"" about what you're doing (bedenktijd) ... :("
"Stomping lane after being fed, that's unheard of. He gets solo killed twice after that though."
Your project was creating a number? List of my finished projects: 1.
Yeah lemme sell all my ad items as adc and buy armor That's called armor.
You've been told now lad! Jim Corr: Message to the people of Ireland
"Nope, therefore he must exist! ""Can you prove God doesn't exist?"""
4chan I think you need to find a nicer website if you dislike reddit so much. *tries to think of a website like reddit but nicer* Um...I'll get back to you on that.
"Hey, it's still millions of viewers not something silly like just thousands or hundreds, and the Dems are getting more views per candidate. A little less... Like almost half as much..."
No apparently he was le epic troll He was trolling? I just thought he was a bit hurt and laughing it off... :-/
"I mean fuck trying to educate them and integrate them, it's not like it will lead to radicalisation or anything Le Pen: No free school for foreigners - BBC News"
"Yeah, peasant revolts always happen, especially during times where economic and diplomatic actions benefit them Do you have any evidence that NAFTA hurt the Mexican economy? Of course you fucking don't. Oh you're a communist. Lovely."
"Wait, what changed? This is confusing for someone who frequents in both subs..."
"Guess we should brace for it in Charleston huh? What exactly does this symbol mean? Looks like Hurricane, and there's definitely not a hurricane over WV."
And that would happen The rules don't say it cannot be done. It says it has to be approved by the DNC and RNC.
"But if we raise the speed limits, how can we collect income? The article forgot to mention how abysmal the roads are here and how low many of the speed limits are relative to comparable streets in other states. On the whole though, I've found most areas in Pittsburgh have good drivers with the exception of McKees Rocks where I find people regularly driving 20 in a 25 for no reason."
"MFA is that way man, get that gay crap out of here. Thin button down shirts. Shirts with patterns, stripes, madras, or anything really. Any shirt that's not a colored short sleeved polo shirt, especially blues and white. Flat iron shorts of any color that's not beige. Maybe even slim cut shorts, non knee cut shorts, maybe colored jean shorts. Any pair of shorts that aren't khaki cargo shorts. Any color socks, or lower cut socks or no socks Shoes include boat shoes, derby shoes, loafers, or sandals. Any shoes that aren't shoes just old white tennis/walking/running shoes. The fact that people, especially dads, seem oblivious to the completely acceptable options in adults men's fashion is the point of this."
Their lives are *so* much better than those of the other cows Those are dairy cows son
"That's how Christians would have it in America. Puts a whole new perspective on the whole ""one of the biggest religions in the world"" thing. Well no shit when you force everyone born in your country to be counted of that religion &lt;.&lt;"
"I'm so ready to have to spend $1 per competitive match. Who feels ""ready"" for Competitive Matchmaking? Hello again, you may remember my post; ""When did you know you were ""good"" at TF2?"" Yeah, that one. Well, it ties into this. I got thinking about Competitive recently, hearing and seeing these things about the upcoming matchmaking that will be implemented sometime at the end of the year. It's not that far away, and my friend and I have been practicing and getting gamesense nailed into our skulls. I've been told I'm definitely ready for it, but not everyone is. My question is, are you ready for it? What are you planning on maining for it? Do you generally feel ""ready"" for the Competitive Scene? Any other imput regarding competitive matchmaking, competitive gameplay or information to help people going into the scene is appreciated, the more we can do with a post the better."
Donnie Darko What movie has no plot holes?
"With option to buy, this is great. Sportmediaset reports: Milan have found an agreement with Empoli for Mauri's loan"
"Yes, yes, it's all very impressive, but OP doesn't have anything even *remotely* fresh. I made myself a Skyrim inspired meal today. Bonus shot of my Khajiit buddy."
You're a good person I feel like we can do better than just those two things. We need to look over at r/gore and r/morbidreality for some good ideas. I hope something does happen to this guy though.
"Yeah, it's their fault for not anticipating a flood that happens once a century! Shouldnt have bailed out dipshits that bought homes near the river in the first place. Might be able to add that $ to the savings too."
Go back to your basement you shitlord! Ghostbusters because I am a white cis male and nothing I think matters because I am privilege and sexist.
"Don''t muddy the liberal reddit waters with facts. Man, is that true? I mean manual laborers surely got the worst of it, but ""weakening the...industrial fabric of the United Kingdom."" ??? Isn't the 70s, i.e. the era before Thatcher, the time of the 3-day-week and the Winder of Discontent? I understand most people visiting this site tend to be left-leaning, but this is just wrong imo"
Don't we all look like Graham? How would a person designed to browse reddit look like?
Can there be more calls Game Thread: Washington Wizards @ Los Angeles Lakers
"Well, is she? Girl on kik just wants a hug"
Yea but it's just a toy car anyway so it doesn't matter really. Great idea to go 200km/h with one hand on the steering wheel and a distracting phone in the other...
"But I think my $1.85 entitles me to a gourmet meal! Having worked a minimum wage job while putting myself through college, I'd be more efficient at my job and less likely to make mistakes if I wasn't worried about how I'm going to pay my bills and put food on the table while continuing to try to better myself."
"If you're in your 30s, 40s or beyond, don't even try. How to Start Weightlifting In Your 20's And Still Be Great"
"And every state that Hillary didn't crush in is white, weird, and too close to Vermont Any state that Sanders didn't crush in are basically fraud."
"Yeah, because the global economy can be totally supported by a few artisans who hand-produce certain exclusive products. tell that to the guy who stitches leather steering wheels on Lamborghinis."
my favorite is the dc arc because i havent read it and i have no idea what its even about What is your favorite arc and why? Also make sure to tag manga spoilers if the anime hasn't covered a manga arc yet.
YEA HOW COULD YOU MAKE AN HONEST MISTAKE Yeah my mistake. Ether at variks and black wax at eris like you said is correct.
"It's from Kotaku, clearly its dogshit! This was actually a good video for anyone curious, had Purge and LD talking about the TI 5 Finals. Worth the view and the click In my opinion."
"You forgot the It seems stupid but hear me out. Sometimes a stupid picture and a silly quote is all an ambitious person needs to make that next phone call or cross another thing off that to-do list or get into the gym when you really rather wouldn't. I don't know a single successful person who doesn't have a collection of favorite motivational quotes, photos, self help books, etc... Frankly I've improved my life tremendously in the last few weeks with the quote ""How we do anything is how we do everything"". Such a stupid little quote but every time I want to just leave a dish in the sink for 'future me' to deal with I think ""Shit, is this just a dirty plate in a 1-off situation, or is this what a lazy person does with everything?"" Or whatever. It's a powerful (to me) quote. Seems stupid but that quote is literally all it took to change my behavior. If you hit the right person with the right quote at the right time it can mean all the difference in the world. They are almost like mini personal trainers for your mind - pushing you to do your best when you really rather would just give up. When you fight the guy in the mirror every day - a nice quote and a nice photo can mean the difference between letting your goals dictate your actions or submitting to your emotions to choose them for you."
you mean it is a perfect 68? Found a butterfly with a perfect 89 on its wing in Costa Rica.
"Nah he just got beefy by using math, didn't you read the comment bro? And how inspiring the dude was and actually got people to get off their asses to do something besides picking up the cheeto that fell on the floor. Fuck that guy. Can't stand the ""lol he lifts weights so he's just a meathead"" shit."
God can you believe he would even suggest that? It's oppresses women because of gender norms something ridiculous like that
Yeah art is completely emotional and reactionary there's no reason or story behind art Most artists don't have either a science or an engineering degree.
"Those are just the burgiousie who fled Cuba complaining about losing their money -People who have never experienced or lived in a Communist state- ""He is the best!!"" -People who have lived in a Communist state and fled it- *celebrated his death*"
well...they have to teach men not to rape women because if they don't it's going to be like the Purge all year long. Freshers at university's first sex consent class stage protest by walking out in disgust
That's racist! If a gorilla could drive...
Bug or no? Owen?! I wanted an Elgif!
"np we can use the EU Talent of G2 Perkz instead, he is like the best midlaner in the west anyways bjergsen counts as an na resident, despite being Danish"
"But you don't know what was in his heart! IDK why any of it's being pinned on Muslims and Islam, and as to why anyone is defending them, if you take a look at the background of the two brothers, they were anything but good Muslims. The older one had assaulted a woman before, knocked up his girlfriend then made her convert to marry him (what even?!), he slept around and went clubbing or whatever, the younger one was supposedly a drug dealer. Why are we associating these people with Islam?"
"So, white people shouldn't open their mouths now? This is some American type of racist witchunt we non anglo-saxons wont really understand. :P I dont know how you people even brought racism into android gaming about the masterrace khmm... white people opening their mouth in 99% of the icons I am talking about."
"Batman, Hawkman, and Vibe right? Any team up book from dc would be great."
My favorite part is when it loops as soon as they are finished. Beautiful Calligraphy
"Religion in a nutshell Jellyfish are gods, accept that"
"HE CANNOT HANDLE STRONG RUSSIAN WOMAN Genuinely curious, why do you hate Zarya?"
"THE PHOTOGRAPH IS MANIPULATIVE AND EXPLOITATIVE AND THAT'S A FACT there are a lot of famous photographs from the great depression of people waiting in line for soup. several decades later, we have people waiting in line for water. the commentary is basically ""80 years later, america still struggles to meet the basic needs of its people"""
"Pfft please all we need is cows and crops! If humans continue destroying plants at the current pace, the lack of irreplaceable biomass may soon endanger present human civilization and make it unsustainable - according to a paper published recently by University of Georgia researchers in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences."
"you twat, not that kind of viral! True viral marketing would ensure that the Whopper is infected with Salmonella."
"Don't forget that the Muslim President Obama would never risk blowing up the Muslim-owned Harrods, which is directly across the street. How can you accuse the man of being overly dramatic when we have records of the next US president asking why they couldn't just hit him with a drone strike?"
really should have added Brexit
"Well I mean the war on drugs worked so well in South-America, what could go wrong... Ok. If it works and the country improves significantly because people kill drug addicts I will bite my tongue and applaud. But any serious consideration that this policy will actually produce positive change is infantile."
I CAN PRESS R AND KILL STUFF SO I MUST BE 4K MATERIAL HOW TO DEAL WITH THIS MMR?
"When I grow up and have daughters, I can't wait to raise them poorly enough so that I have to monitor every facet of their life. As a father I agree"
All the subreddits they allow and STILL you are on the one that isn't. This was in my software dev class today.
It's those damn Latino's ruining our country once again! blame Univision for picking FC Dallas games to air.
"Yes, the super where you literally come back from the dead to save a round, have super high health, can one hit melee people, and spam grenades all you like should definitely be buffed... Sunsingers need to have a little attention directed their way"
"Because your smiley faces are soooo much more proper and better at conveying your excitement. i physically cringed at the ""xDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"""
Impossible fast food workers are some of the best laborers we have.. 15$ an hour! It happened at my local KFC as well
"I'd grind his wife and children as well, and give it to their parents as food. Without feeling too bad about it? I think I'd feel pretty good about it, people who abuse animals are the scum of the earth, imagine killing something that probably had so much trust in you, it can't speak but he'll always be there for you, had a bad day? guess who comes running up to see if you're okay, he can't express it in words but he is a man's bes... okay im getting into it, but fuck animal abusers, seriously dude"
"Yeah, because this entire several paragraph rant was entirely about how hot but terrible Emma Watson is! Emma Watson is a god tier actress. She makes the movies more enjoyable. Yeah she's hotter than canon Hermione, so what? I'm really happy we have the movie Hermione that we do."
"I'll sell you my tar sands oil rights. Meh, your guess is as good as mine. If you know that for sure then go short some stocks."
Good thing everyone donated to him for his computer so he can save his money to buy all these name changes Some people just love to waste their money
"he was black, case closed That is some quality news reporting: calling the guy who made the peaceful arrest ""clearly an unstable individual"" who is possibly homeless and definitely under the influence, without any sort of evidence."
"The red pill has benefited humanity is so many ways This reddit user is sending abusive messages to people on here, just look at what he posts....."
"I'm sure he would be understanding..... She's almost my mom's age but still looks good, we could manage if her husband doesn't kill me."
"No, I don't think the emails have gotten enough attention yet. That's not a universal feeling. Maybe when tensions are lower people will try to see something, however small, good in Clinton."
Youre not surprised because you also think we're that good right? Someone on ESPN said that shit? I'm not fucking surprised
"They should sue the company and claim millions I saw that story about the girl getting hit by a car because she went onto the HIGHWAY. She's 15, so she's not a toddler or something. In the video, the girl says "" i have no doubt this is the game's fault"" and the mum says ""i know i shouldnt have let her play that game"" :|"
"Nah man you don't get it, that dude has a good heart. Step 2: be very attractive. ^^hiop"
That 900p is breathtaking. Watch_Dogs PS4 Screenshot
"Yeah, that's the policy every is up in arms about Twisted notions like draining corruption out of DC? Why do you people stick up for these crooks?"
A few bad apples... Come on guys; they just want to make it home safe to their families.
"You forgot your Gotten two different ones and it makes no difference IMO. It types a little better once you get used to it. Its neat either way. RGB or bust, thats where its at"
"The Half Life series Serious Sam Bad Rats I just ascended.. What are some good single player games? Hey all, I just built my first pc and I'm very excited to join everyone here (: So, I downloaded Overwatch, and I'm waiting on no mans sky. But in the mean time I would love to play some really good single player games. I'm sorry if this is not the right place to post, I'm not familiar with all the different pc subreddits but I'm hoping my brothers can maybe guide me. But yeah I recently built my computer with a 1070 and would love a beautiful single player game I can just play after work everyday. I heard the witcher 3 was fantastic but it's still 50 so I'm going to have to hold off on that one until a sale unfortunately. But if any of you have any good recommendations for a great experience please let your fellow brother now. Thanks for taking the time to read and respond to this post! Please let me know if this is the wrong place for this I don't mean to ruin this subreddit with bad posts.. Have a great day! (:"
"I can't believe you wasted all that time typing that out when you could of just wrote ""inting"" Intentional feeding."
"Guess that explains why when I log on every zone in the game is a ghost town and the main campaign is always empty in prime time when you push RvR as much as they did for launch then completely dismiss it, yes it is. When you have players that have played since launch, payed sub fees for over a year then continued to back it, players who've invested ungodly amounts of time into the pvp, who are now leaving after being ignored or put on the backburner time and time again, its not surprising. Im half expecting an announcement that theyve fixed the lag as an april fools joke."
"This is to raise awareness about Cazorla's height or something, right? Rainbow crossing outside Arsenal Tube"
"Ahh so *thats* why she capitalaized the word ""after"" Sounds like she didn't like the fact they weren't big leagued by her and asked the famous UFC superstar to pay..."
"That *is* the housing. How about that 360$ million to provide affordable housing? Wink wink, nudge nudge."
"better not risk losing any subs - you should trademark the phrase ""I HATE X"" just in case someone tries to steal your content. woohoo my homies!"
"His name is Greg, nice bloke cock shock -name,any info"
"lol I was joking mate, probably should have ended with Your label is completely incorrect, but do what you wish. My message takes a jab at the terrible amendment that was just passed. Two of my best friends are transgender, and in my area I'm labeled queer lover, nigger lover, and other offensive terms. It's also my opinion that people who are too quick to be offended about gay rights are making acceptance much, much more difficult."
Not even better than DJ Hall i think calling him better than julio is a bit premature
Thanks Notley! Got a great view of the sunset today.
Why are you taking about a safety that wasn't even the best safety in his state. We've said it a million times. **DAWKINS**
"Need a UN Peace Keeping troops to maintain the ""peace"" with Palestinians in Gaza 75 UN troops flee across Golan border into Israel to escape Syrian rebels"
i cant wait for malware to change this to a phishing webpage Tip: You can put an HTML file (with style/js folders if desired) on Dropbox and use that as your Steam browser homepage.
"But you might have to ask her permission first, to see if he is allowed to read such books. Give him The Rational Male by Rollo Tomasi. Its kind of a more discrete way of introducing guys to TRP. Its very well written and introduces all of the necessary concepts."
"yeah but colonialism, imperialism, white supremacy, laws, development just a few of the evils white men have done and this is thus okay Last White Man - Zimbabwe (2010) In 1980 when Rhodesia became Zimbabwe there was approx 280,000 whites. Now the number is perhaps 10,000 to 20,000 and white farmers have been persecuted. Now only about 100 remain on their land and the country under Mugabe requires food aid."
You forgot the I don't see any evidence of Trump ever saying that he wants to kill any of his opponents. Can you please link me to some statements that he had made our actions he had taken that would imply this?
Reaally? It's a gif image that you watch on your computer.
Obviously this is the biggest problem. As long as it's followers stay true. That means no owner sues for any stupid reason.
"Matchmaking rank Aside reaction time tests, what other similar tests are there that benchmark skills relating to playing CS? Human Benchmark has a great reaction time test, and they have other tests testing your verbal and visual memory, as well as numbers and things like that. I'm wondering if there are any other tests out there that could be useful to determine weak points or strong points in any aspects of human anatomy relating to how well you play CS, whether in general or in specific roles. There might not be any beside reaction time, because I can't think of any myself but maybe someone else can. More out of curiosity than any meaningful research."
"360 no scope Gamers of reddit, what things are HARDER to do in games than in real life?"
"Come on Mandy, give him another chance! he did text me once after this! Just asked how my day was, but too much damage done. I didn't reply."
It is still 1 serving a day though Thought I was getting 100 days worth
PEYTON MANNING SUCKS ITT: Gripe about the player you like the least on your favourite team.
"""Chase Budinger"" Who are the most unathletic current NBA players?"
"Beta drummer comment. Been playing drums most of my life and that's awesome. Not only do you need good timing, but you have to be consistently way behind the beat to do this. Not to mention the skill required to throw those mallets and catch them."
"Gi bac ta' schoo' ya damn hippie! Even after marijuana is eventually legalized, there will still be archaic drug laws in this country. We will still imprison consenting adults for the non violent crime of wanting to consume non state sanctioned substances. It is lunacy."
"Couldn't agree more, we definitely would have won that game if we'd used the wildcat Trick play, wildcat, option, reverse, fake punt, onside kick etc. Really, anything unconventional that might spark the offense or alter momentum. They played such a vanilla style. And, I get it, you got Clausen, who is awful. But, they were getting ZERO production from their conventional offense. It wasn't working, and no one even tried to do something different. That's what made that game so brutal."
"Dick pic = drink the bottle You could turn viewing meetme into a drinking game. Every time there's a status saying ""I'm horny"", take a shot. Every time there's a guy trying to hit on an obviously fake profile, take a shot. Every time there's a guy posting a topless photo of his 'gym progress', take a shot. Though saying that, we'd probably be dead."
"If those lazy leaches would get a job, they would have a better place to sleep! ""capitalism is the only system that works"""
"I know, it's such a hidden gem! Haha. Anyone seen this film ""Drive""?"
"Hey, let's not let facts get in the way of an opportunity to make the government look bad! All we have to base this accusation on is an unnamed source. No evidence of any kind, such as evidence of a hack?"
"What a wacky world you live in, where white names are ""too ethnic"" Mine is resistant to names from my culture, or from her background either, that would sound too ""ethnic"". She doesn't want the kid to have to put up with having a ""weird"" name in school."
Your mom is primitive and chaotic! You are the most advanced race in existence. That to me would be the most disturbing because I think humans are primitive and chaotic.
"It's much safer to attack white people, because attackers is totally not racist this way Still we would've thought they would want muslim and african immigrants out before poles."
Didn't get shot by North Korean flak while sightseeing the DMZ ? I flew across South Korea the other day. Here is the most stunning sight I've ever seen up in the air.
"Prove it. Despite the trolling I just wanted to chime in, IT is more about profit enablement, rather than direct profit. With proper IT in place you will make more money and faster than with paper and other analogue means."
"I think you forgot the I would say Battlefront is WELL worth it- Just because EA changed some things- I have had little to no issues on my PS4- I cant complain about anything- I LOVE the fact that it FEELS like Star Wars- and YES sometimes its the same person constantly getting the good pick ups, but I think in the long run, this game was WELL WORTH the wait- I usually HATE EA games at launch, but I have had very few issues, and they have been manageable at that- maybe its because I work in IT that I am so desensitized to stupid little bugs- I have played the game every day since release, and have still yet to complete HALF of the game content- I think maybe it could be easier to level up and get new gear, but overall, Battlefront is an AMAZING game that I am sure will have crazy amounts of new content in the coming year- maybe more-"
Allah works in mysterious ways. Earthquake measuring 6.8 magnitude strikes India
nope.....he wasnt on the camera enough and wasnt on stage.....he couldnt of been the best coach Totally reckon that Blurred Limes deserved the Coach of the split award for Incredible work he has done with shaping doublelift into the player he's always had the potential to be. Loved this series :) #Faithage
You dropped your What the fuck is wrong with you? Kabam was nice and helpful and you call them lazy?
"so yeah, lets not worry that he may actually do some good, fuck him and his bandwagon of abuse victims, right? Bore off Tom Watson. The worst of the bandwagoner self-promotionalist MPs."
"I think you dropped a Sounds like you give your number away pretty easily and fast. You might wanna work on that. I'm a Man, and as a Man this is a turn-off cause girls should be more conservative and reserved. Bring the downvotes just cause I'm a Man. I know how this sub works."
He works in mysterious ways.... Further proof of God's mighty work
Dirty Swedes deserve to be banned. Watch this guy getting banned :D
"He needs to blow his nose more often, all that mucus cant be good. Not your usual dick pics, but still pretty gross to me"
Why do you need a third party when the first two are definitely not the same? Perhaps people could vote for.. a third party?
He's the 400lb hacker m8 don't fat shame Only ten?
"Yeah, smalltalk sounds great! get out of bed, make coffe or tea and offer her some! then thank her for the great work she is doing, and or smalltalk. also a huge plus is remember her bday and give something small like a botle of wine or bonbons. my student houses always came with cleaning ladys."
"Yeah, the movie is so amazing when you consider all the extra-cinematic information presented by Ridley Scott after the film's release! Thank God that you posted this. Prometheus hate is such an uniformed circlejerk. Only thing that drove me crazy was the rolling ship."
"Aw yiss, counterstrike! Also British education. Also add in the fact that CS is now required on the curriculum, which sounds great but means we now have loads of under-trained teachers, which ends up with me teaching the class."
You can apologize for being an asshole but you can't apologize for being a pedantic prick. I apologize for being the dickhead because the word-play was great but Shakespeare was Elizabethan and not medieval. Apologies for being the asshole.
"Gee I don't know, eight years of Bush, nothing negative about that. and maybe you should learn to take some adviCe on spelling? You arent seriously trying to equate a non-Gore vote in 2000 as being something negative are you? LOL. MANBEARPIG"
When you have a boner that won't go down How do you know when you're in love?
"""Android is fucked"" works perfectly ""Android is doomed"" Nope, doesn't have the same ring to it."
"next they'll require a spouse And so, Nintendo further alienates itself from the hardcore gaming community . . ."
"""National Security Threat"" means who gives a fuck about old paper documents. House arrest without due process. There's certainly a discussion to be had and valid points against my argument, but I think a judge would see a negative result and no prior history of positive results on an Ebola test and award the person in question some compensation for the whole thing. As with most things constitutional, however, there is a history of rule bending so I could be totally wrong."
"Trump will provide his medical report together with his tax return. On December 3, 2015, Donald Trump Promised on Twitter ""a Full Medical Report"" and ""Within Two Weeks"" -- Eight Months Later, He Has Yet to Provide It"
"No, but you see, diversity doesn't matter. I like Mei, but largely because I can understand her Chinese quips."
porn star ;) What do you wanna be when you grow up? What the title says lol.
"Women don't know what a true man's like anymore They care a lot about depopulation and their people being overrun by other ethnicities, yet fail to go out and talk to women."
"Stop lying now, we know it's you Andrew. He was trapped in reddit. Maybe he's stickleyman or vargas, or no one. The world will never know until he later tells us about it."
"He probably meant 'peek' ""Let's be honest, girls peak at 16"""
how else would the facebook page get any likes? That thumbnail
"I hope Twitch bans GTA streams too. Its not that its offensive, its that it makes swatting into a funny joke. Twitch, and most people with common sense, realizes this is potentially harmful and dangerous to the community if you have a bunch of kids thinking that when you swat someone they laugh and slap around and have a great old time and no harm is done. People get hurt physically and mentally from stupid shit like this."
Come to think of it guys Duncan is 37 after all... Do you think Wade should be test for PEDs.
I totally forgot you can't use steering wheel controllers on console! Choose your weapon
yeah let's keep plastering this photo and make this guy's point for him and even motivate people to do similar things. The assassin after shooting Russia's ambassador to Turkey
"Back when america was great... Society in the 50's always beat up on anyone that looked like a communist, homosexual, black, or any other figure that the USA American Dream didn't like. It's a shame that society was like this. Still kind of is..."
"Wow, nice original post What Origional Pokemon Are You? (Interactive Quiz)"
What's the need for a random internet op like u/lolwatrollwa to comment on UCC online? Incendiary comment. What's the need for a Roads minister to wade into this controversy?
"nah man riot is a greedy company where they made LoL a p2w game You already play for free, stop asking Riot for more free stuff, they're in business for profit, not fucking charity."
"Lot of hard hitting facts there, truly a sign of how the Dallas Morning News is a leader, with no equals, in journalism. 50 things to know about Rick Perry."
"Yeah because if you pick up a T Mobile G1 today it works great...and supports the latest build of android.... I have one as well, which I try to use for Pandora on WiFi and an old sounddock. Battery still works just fine. The problem is Apple's intentional obsolescence which has crippled the OS to the point of almost non-functionality. The lag is just horrendous. It's one reason I exited the Apple ecosystem."
Vertically? You mean higher.
"Andddd we didn't see this coming Ukraine: Russians siezed Strilkove in Kherson with 80 military personnel and ""the support of 4 helicopter gunships and 3 armored combat machines."""
Father of the year award Yep. And this fella had some more bottles of something clinking away in his bag.
You see that's the problem I keep on running into. You're thinking logically and not like a regressive liberal.
"That doesn't sound gay at all. Taking a leak on a hiking trail, nobody around decided to jo in a very secluded area, not secluded enough I guess, this guy walks up and starts doing the same, I dont stop he touches me I touch him. I went back a month later and he was there again, I began to jo he did the same touched again, then left. Felt guilty and sick about it, went to counseling over it. Not a scumbag just a few moments of curiosity."
"Yeah...but but white Europeans can do no wrong. what are you arguing here? no one is condoning anything, he was merely describing an antiquated practice in a past civilization. you realize older European men were marrying and impregnating women we would consider children now right? societal norms have changed, a lot, in a relatively short period of time. you can't apply our current worldview to people who lived hundreds of years ago."
I thought Obama was the anti-Christ Is the Royal Baby the Antichrist?
"Citation? I'm not a douche, I promise! Haha"
"oh no the rich will lose 60% of their money oh no, how will they be able to pay for their range rovers! Corbyn's new shadow chancellor John McDonnell wants to seize shares and impose 60 per cent tax rate"
"Wait...Those aren't the only two options? Why does everyone think there are only two options: play Destiny all day every day, or quit forever and cuss out Bungie? It's ok to play other games and come back when there's new content. You don't have to choose one extreme of the spectrum. Jump into SRL, if it's not your thing then play some other games for a while and come back. How is that a bad thing?"
Good to see you read the second paragraph. ??? All those shortcuts work in Windows
"Serious hard work, how could they manage to do it so fast? broken, Just way way too difficult to fix right now. However, These were more important fixes in the last Live JS update: - Baggy Blue Jeans can now be skinned - Lighter description no longer contains ""Dev Note"" text - Jagged Skinning Knife can now be picked up again after being dropped /kappa"
Waaaay more important then the TPP. This is what qualifies as world politics?
"If you are wearing a top of some kind then they aren't even close to being ""bare boobs"" I'll bet you're naked under your clothes aren't you, you slut? The point of wearing a bra is that you ensure every single boy is doing what they should be and not staring are what is essentially bare boobs."
"Yes because Russia and Syria are long-term enemies and any Russian support of Assad is completely ludicrous. These deals are not the norm, in case that observation was escaping you. They're quite major indeed."
"Call me an old school anti-animalist pig but I don't think otter marriage should have ever been legalised, it makes a mockery of marriage Married folk of Reddit, how did your Significant Otter propose to you?"
"I'm sure ISIS, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Russia, and North Korea would totally agree and not take advantage of the situation at all. Wonder what the world would be like if the trillions spent on war went to research? We should have artificial super intelligence by now."
"Psst, buddy, I know you're an asshole, but you may want to use this: Making something travel through the air for 300 yards is quite fun. As is making a ball move 130 yards in one direction and having it land in a small area with sufficient back spin to make the ball slow or change course. It's a physics experiment where you get to use our hunting skills rather than math. Plus, it's a great way to keep away from women, minorities and the poor."
"Great/informative reply there dude. No it doesn't. I don't have proof, but people have tested and Kneepads doesn't offer the agility benefit of Fleet Footed"
"It shows that you care I never got getting angry over someone not texting ""good morning"" to you. How insecure you have to be to demand that someone texts you every single morning when they wake up or you are done with them?"
"Hey now guys, she had to get an awesome shot of her hair blowing in the wind in the beauty of the storm! Totally responsible thing for a woman who's 7 month pregnant to do. And why the fuck is Kaiser not wearing shoes!?"
"But Jordan scored xx% of total points! Lebron James is the first player in NBA history to lead both teams in all 5 major statistical categories (points, assists, rebounds, steals, and blocks) for an entire playoff series."
"Thank you for your understanding and kind words. You can make this argument for any place/company in the world. It is never peasant's fault, yet peasant is the one that will have to suffer. You are SOL."
Pfft clearly just Call of Duty with mechs. MFD Chase
I heard this is like a beginner move or something. SU-35 Jet slows down by thrust vectoring
"Yeah, every year I look forward to our battle over the LoLhat. Our trophies are the best trophies overall, though, so it all evens out."
Therriens lines. I'm not a Habs fan but my girlfriend made these thought you guys might like them...
"2*, is that Innova's new plastic? 2* flat stable shots with an Atlas."
[Does Ethan get killed by Ramsey no matter what?] I felt my decisions in the first episode of walking dead had weight. This one I did not. I feel this is not their best effort even in my system that Dan run any game at max I had some issues with performance as well. I understand they are constrained by the show story but felt that they could of given more endings and more weight to our decisions. I felt the end was like 'well that's what Ramsey would do'. And also the teleporter that gets people around faster than a dragon rider.
"Because then it becomes rape. probably won't change. But you want it 3 times a week, and she wants it once? That isn't a terrible mismatch. Why don't you both agree to meet in the middle and ideally try for twice a week?"
"Dodged a bullet, Dallas. Hamhuis sends goal into own net"
"Oh look, it's a homophobe, I am so surprised wanna know how i know you're gay ?"
But that's different than Melee's meta so it's probably a bad thing... This is why we shouldn't be worried about bigger blast zones. It just means that the off stage meta is bigger.
I cooked dat' boiiiiii. Boom Roasted.
"Yes, anyone carrying a gun is a retard. Seeing most people on this forum carry a gun(Or claim they do), it's safe to say they probably aren't educated well..."
"And look at what they are getting in return... All love. Yes, because Wizards of the Coast did exactly what he wanted them to do."
"Well yeah, she's your wife! My wife asked me out. I though it was awesome!"
"But earth is only 5000 years old. I've just never understood that mindset. If you believe evolution can happen on a small scale, surely you believe that over a very long period of time those small changes would lead to a huge difference."
"No, I'm pretty sure it's because of institutionalize land-dwelling prejudice in aquatic society. Fish don't know they are in water because they are fucking fish. They can't form complex ideas."
"Resolve peacefully and receive exp, then kill and 2x ur exp Amazingly, even after you give equal XP (or more) for resolving the encounter peacefully, players are still prone to violence and wanton killing."
"Looks like we should make ""human"" coed as well! Marine Corps Ordered to Make Boot Camp Coed, Remove 'Man' from Titles"
"Oh no, we're all going to die! Escrow is here"
Vegans should be forced to eat meat Whatever the brain needs to function this Vegan is lacking it.
Cus we all know we pay all the refs Time for 2 softie calls for TOR?
DON'T LET GAYS DEFILE THE PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM! I was in the boy scouts for years and never saw anyone naked. I did see naked boys every day at school during PE though. What are you afraid of exactly?
"Well, at least his car looks hella cool Low rider problems."
That will help business. Tattoo artist giving out phone number of ex client due to cancellation
"Because he wasn't doing it on purpose for some political or religious motive, his mental health was the issue, quite insane. Why is ""terrorist"" in quotes? Suspect by itself indicates that he was arrested but not convicted. You don't see other crimes like ""arsonist"" or ""murderer"" quoted for arrests."
is this canon Norman Reedus vs. Hoverboard Zombies
"So distracting when you actually have to keep your behavior in check US Border Patrol rejects operating body cameras... may distract agents while they're performing their jobs, may hurt employee morale."
OMG SEX IS SO UNNATURAL AND EVIL. Yup. Time honored tactic of repression: You can't talk about *that* because it's about sex!
Great game fora 11min quarter game. Rockets beat Thunder 69-65 in 4 Quarters of Play
"You forgot all the adam sandler movies, arrested development Season 4, and Fuller House! I'm genuinely surprised you don't like ANY of the originals. Bojack, Stranger Things, Orange is the New Black, Love, and Master of None were all excellent."
"**No pillow, cold shower, no fap, no deodorant crew** Eat vegan and do nofap, it'll make you invincible."
"What makes you think that? oh c'mon why kevin owens, i bet it's gonna end in a dq"
What a radical view. people who can't afford kids shouldn't have kids
"Wii or if you have a good pc you can emulate it with HD texture packs but don't download the face texture packs because [they're really ugly] Xenoblade chronicles version (NOT X) I just bought a Wii U a couple weeks ago, and missed XC entirely. I also have a 3ds sitting in my closet or something. Is the Wii version, or the 3ds version, a better buy at this point? Both versions are about the same price on Amazon."
But... But... But the Westboro Baptist Church is literally absolutely Christian Al-Qaeda! And none of that means shit until you see Christians acting on it.
"He heard it on Fox News, its obviously true! are you seriously saying that 1 in 4 people is jobless? this is a joke right?"
We should charge these judges with copyrighting the other judges' opinions. Under the common law system the judges are supposed to heavily rely on each others decisions in order to maintain consistency.
Surely no parent that would apply their toddler into Mensa would do anything like that? Hopefully they don't constantly tell him how gifted he is and how they expect so much out of him. That'll screw him up later in life.
"Yah, Rexxar no impact at all. What's the point of having high skill cap heroes if they aren't rewarding enough? This is this game's biggest flaw, players aren't being rewarded in game by being good, but by buying the new OP hero. Let's put an example: In wich situation is better to take Lunara over Tracer? In none, since Tracer is an overall better hero than Lunara. Better mobility, better DPS, better ability damage, and more survivability. Only reason to pick lunara would be to kite mele heroes... but Tracer does that better. It's a low risk high reward hero.(Listed as ""hard"" my ass). Another one: Why should I pick Chen when I can pick Muradin? Muradin has better CC, almost the same mobility, more damage and more survivability. Only reason I would pick him is because his ultimates are slightly more usefull. Let's continue: Rexxar Rexxar is a hard ass hero that requires you to micromanage another unit in order to be effective. But he has low impact abilities, low attack speed and low survivavility and escape problems against hard to kite heroes (like Tracer or Illidan). Only situation he can be good is in camp and lane control. And that requires you to waste a lot of talents that either make you tankier or give you damage. Other cases are TLV, wich require you to micro 3 units, but neither alone or in group those units are impactfull. They easily get instakilled, and the only purpose they serve is to split soak. Or Chromie. her kit is a really high damage kit, but really hard to land(high risk/reward kit done properly). And then there's Li-ming, that has even more damage than her in lower cooldows, and a passive so broken she can 1vs5 teams, while having more health and better escape. This game could learn a little bit about heroes such as Meepo, Chen, Visage or Invoker from Dota, because the highest your skills are with them, the more usefull and impactfull they are.( This is not a ""Dota is better blahblablah"" post, but in this particullar situation and case they are doing a better job imo) Feel free to leave your thoughts on this matter."
you missed the Bravo HTC! - servers didn't collapse on 0-countdown pre-order - Orders could be placed smoothly without issues
"Best way to counter invisibility is with more invisibility. Trash talks team, calls those heroes OP and buys themselves a shadowblade, to ""counter"" their invisibility."
"Raise to something like 827. So, what would be proper preflop sizing in your opinion?"
"yay I cant wait Candy Crush Saga is pre-installed in Windows 10, insiders will probably have an update soon that will download it."
"I'd say about one million give or take a few Reddit, approximately how many average women would it take to overpower an average man in a fight? I've seen numbers ranging from two to ten or more. Based on your own personal experiences, how many women do you think it would take to fight one man? Not meant to be sexist; just curious about how the situation would play out, based on strength, weight, etc."
"Because you're a cashier. How about we stop doing studies on ""anxiety during a bill test"" and use money on studies that matter like ""why do my parents hate me"""
It must be Costa's fault! Wonder what he said to make Dembele so pissed... He's usually very composed.
You misspelled hysterical so I'm gonna condescend to you and blame you for the election results. Reddit is still so salty about the election and it's amazing. The salt mound is so high it's literally leaking into every subreddit in existance and it's absolutely histerical. I haven't enjoyed being on Reddit this much since 2013.
He say Gogoing not wickd ;) This is his meta. Irelia fucking GOD
but bro thats the best huntsman blue gem evr The best blue gem so far.
"It'll be easy to recognize criminals then, the cops can go shoot anyone with a gun and leave the rest in peace. Except banning guns will only affect the law abiding citizens. Criminals will still have them... because criminals don't give a fuck about a gun ban they'll get them the same way they always do."
"They will definitely listen to your petition! Why Are People So Bad At This Game? A consistency with nearly any competitive title is that most players, probably 9\10, range from average to helplessly terrible. In PvZ, most players dont deserve to play at all. How is it acceptable to allow so many players to participate who play an active role in ruining the experience of others? I mean, when your presence contributes negatively towards your teams ability to win games, you die much more than you kill or your attempt to defend or capture an objective is irrelevant, you should be forced into the kiddy pool. This is true of all games, and only bad players would scream equality. Every multiplayer title should have this feature and it would be terribly easy to implement, just take an average of stats like kdr, score per minute and anyone who falls below these stats wont be allowed to play in standard marches. This game has really inspired me, I think Ill get a petition going. There should be no shortage of support."
"All you redditors are being anti-semetic right now. Groups of ultra-Orthodox Jewish men keep delaying flights by refusing to sit next to women:A flight from New York to Tel Aviv was delayed by half an hour last week after a group of male ultra-Orthodox Jewish passengers refused to sit next to women, the third such incident in recent months."
"She used the wrong form of ""Your"" Return it in spite of her sever lack of grammatical knowledge Logged on to this gift from my sister"
"Yep, as a Floridian, I can confirm, areas like West Palm Beach, Winter Park, Windermere, Bay Hill, Fisher Island, Davis Island and Ponte Vedra are just disgusting ghetto areas of Florida. Florida??"
"You forgot the the human can't see over 24 fps,12 fps per eye,so it doesn't matter"
Totally shut me down. I love people like you that throw logic in reddit's face and shut down ignorant comments like that.
Lego battles was pretty amazing Greg goo and pretty much nothing else :(
"Well, the Turkish Prime Minister attended the Charlie Hebdo march in Paris, so we know that they are committed to free speech and will certainly quickly resolve this incident Turkey's Justice Ministry has approved the trial of a 16-year-old boy, who was detained on charges of insulting the president"
please watch rajnikant's shivaji-the boss for more information. NRI wanting to start a business back in the motherland! What is the process? I am referring to legal process. How much do offices cost? I'm out of touch regarding salaries. How much do different disciplines of engineers generally get paid? WE CAN DO IT! Lets create well paying employment and innovation for our country!
Without this comment I would have never known... The picture was taken upside-down. You can see algae in the sky.
Polygon What websites do you guys recommend for gaming news?
Yeah everyone in the south has loads of money yep. I can only hope that I can earn enough money to provide for my family in a way that makes my kid such a huge D-bag.
But you can be an Atheist Hindooo! Damn. This is good for me. I am counted as Hindu but I don't believe in it. Now I can claim I don't follow any religion.
Sounds like her intelligence is her most attractive feature It saves us like $80 a month and makes her very happy
"They can just print more money when they need to cover the social security and Medicare, duh! It's amazing the number of people who think the US government has some sort of source of income other than taxes. Like the fees for passports and such brings in trillions of dollars every year."
I'm sure a $120 billion company wouldn't bother hiring analysts and lawyers to value the asset properly. Now walmart will learn 90% of their sales come from first time coupon abusing customers
"IT'S A RELIGION OF PEACE SHITLORDS! Indian shot in Nairobi mall for failing to answer ""What is the name of Muhammad's mother?"""
"Stalin and Mao totally controlled the weather to intentionally cause famine so they could sabotage industrialization of the country, all communists therefore have the power to control the weather! I recently rented a car and since it was hail season I was also required to sign a document stating that the vehicle would be thoroughly inspected for hail damage when it was returned and I would be responsible for paying for it if there was any (it was not included in the rental insurance I purchased). You know, because I'm totally responsible for controlling the weather."
"Yea it's way more convenient to borrow a movie from a friend than it is to pop down to the local grocery store or liquor store and spend a buck on a movie. Netflix, torrents, borrowing it from friends who bought it, there are so many options that dont force you to use one of those outdated pieces of crap."
Ohhhhh thaaaats why they call it hd audio 720p Audio vs 1080p Audio
"and we wouldn't have it any other way .... :))) Different bodies with their own rankings. Essentially, it's a clusterfuck that no one really understands, and there's a LOT of politics/favoritism on this game.. It's a mess. Really."
Kejriwal's government did more in 49 days than Kejriwal will do in 5 years. Will supply piped water to all households by 2017: Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal
Obviously Pep hasn't heard of IIFYM. what is wrong with pizza? bad fats? its all calories init?
HAHA SO FUNNY Even before BB Austin was proud of his fingers
"I think you forgot the Don't forget, Ukrainians are oppressing ethnic Russians and committing genocide on the Russian language."
Im wishing the English good luck for your match against the Aussies tommorow Free Talk Friday ^evinpls
Russia doesn't have money stupid America Money=Freedom bills Commie
"yea cuz I'll just rush a site and do the exact same thing and it'll work in lem I mean, Cache. Smoke out truck, use pure aim to take down quad/fork."
BUT IT'S NOT BALANCED UNLESS I'M WINNING I CANT BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE KEEP ON SPAMMING SHUFFLE VOTES! IT GETS ANNOYING AND INCREDIBLY STUPID AFTER A WHILE!
"Seriously, why are there no good games anymore besides Witcher 3? Hey come on dude, you're ruining the internet hate crusade. People aren't allowed to like things here."
"Yes, making an amazing item into an OP one would be really cool Please make euls air-time controllable When using euls to break spells I want to it to finish early like when you are silenced. When in the middle of a clash taking AOE damage I want it to last the longest."
Well they're supposed to be realistic! The most widely used technique on the planet. Lay there silent and motionless
"Stop victim blaming I am proposing a better title for the youtube video: ""Insane cyclist rides wherever he wants"". 1:45 - passing traffic through a gas station 1:50 - (in intersection) ride from cross walk back to the road 2:13 - cut a corner while turning left 2:28 - cut another corner and ride on the right of the yellow line"
I think it's cancer. Got bitten by *something* last night... Now a red line of infection is slowly making it's way towards my heart...
"now its totally-guarenteed NSA-proof, guys! Whatsapp Just Switched on End-to-End Encryption for Hundreds of Millions of Users"
"Great, less people to worry about abusing the system, right? Overdose deaths so far in 2016 are higher than in all of 2015"
Ask for the narwhal baconing at some hour and you'll find out. Only us reddit folks or are there.. you know... strangers?
"He's still there under all of the ruble eating mentos and commenting on reddit via his phone. In it that morning (pre-airplane boom)? or during? Not trying to be rude, I'm sure that it was insane either way, but there is quite a bit of difference between the two."
Don't you know the NAP doesn't apply to commies But without the government... who would burn down Philadelphia?
Sweden France America TOP 3 TEAMS Major Legends by country
See how much you died How to see number of runs? Just look up :) Anything is appreciated btw.
"She just knows what she wants. Man, what a sparkling personality for a dating profile!"
I think you are all forgetting: in internationalization disputes; two wrongs always make a right. Israel launches airstrike in Gaza Strip in retaliation for deadly shooting
"Yeah it's better to just play the odds and end up being shot and killed because you didn't feel like being cautious My thought too, and I see people saying ""this needs upvote"" All I see is: Are you batshit insane? You see a stressed woman and you think ""SHE IS GONNA SHOOT!!!"" because it happened twice before in a city of millions?"
"Well, they have to feed themselves somehow! Starcasm - It's all but certain the majority of the Duggar..."
"He invented English for the glorious holy book If Jesus was Arab, then why is the Bible written in English? answer that, smart guy"
"Nope, if you ever make a mistake or have high enough latency where a divebomb kills you, *clearly* you must just be too dumb to beat content. Careful with the brain talk. There are people who are long termers, like myself, I've played since beta 1.0; however do to sixty plus hour work weeks, college many nights during the week, a marriage and children some may have priorities beyond practising content."
You're right; white-middle class conservatives are model citizens when it comes to tolerance. White middle class liberals are pretty damn good at dehumanizing foreigners.
You must be one of those people for whom the meanings of words matter... We're keeping our eye on you... I suppose it's a nuanced label based on original meanings.
"Why do you hate freedom? Yet when the US and its puppets fuck up countries, killing and displacing millions it's democracy... The hypocrisy of Europeans &amp; Americans is extremely disgusting. Shame on you Russia, why are you not smart enough to say that you're intervening for democracy and stability?"
"That's helpful Thanks, Obama! Oh, wait, this is a negative report, damn you obstructionist GOP for not passing all of Obama and Dem bills they want clearly this is all your fault. In other news, unemployment is down praise messiah Obama who passed no bill, but he deserves all the credit because I am a left wing liberal kid with my head up my ass on r/politics that gives credit only to the D while all blame is reserved for the R."
No on his slice of pizza On the keyboard
Don't think he likes pots *that* much Pansexual? Interesting.
435 Thanks for the giveaway OP Walked into the warehouse at work today
"You Conneticunts are rich self entitled assholes is what you are. I think he was referring to Connecticut, where we Connecticunts are the only Americans who speak proper English."
"#PS4masterrace Playing on the PC last night I saw 782 players. Seven hundred and eighty two. Well, congrats my console siblings, you own COD from now on."
"I eat more than three times a day, but I totally expect my child to eat only three times. TIL I should only be breastfeeding my 6 month old 3 times a day. According to my MIL, my son should only be nursing three times a day. Morning, lunch, and dinner- no night feeds ""that's what my kids did and it was more than enough"". She's coming to visit next week, and LOL, if *that's* what she thinks she's going to be in for a real treat!"
You're saying they're not in a state of quantum flux like schrodinger's cat until observed? Nonbinary people exist.
"seems legit La Une du quotidien italien, Il Manifesto"
"Yes, I'm sure first past the post would solve all of Isreal's problems, why didn't anyone think of that before. Read up on Israel's proportional representation, we may sacrifice a tiny bit of democracy, but at least our government can actually do things and we don't have to reply on our military as a civil service."
Wait...... So it's not a slug? This solder droplet looks like a slug
"This is obviously society's fault, we put them there! Overcrowding in California prisons"
"Stop sending spam Coins STUCK! Is this normal? Is this normal? I've NEVER recalled having this issue in the 4 years I've been trading bitcoin. Right now, I am waiting about 2 hours for two transactions to confirm, both less than 0.1 BTC. A third transaction that I placed in between the two smaller ones, was 0.1195 BTC and confirmed in 15-20 minutes like usual. Fees are all adequate and I have been doing this a few times a week for some time now. I've never experienced this."
Good objectivity it looks like halo + gimmicks then
"Plot twist at the end results in a completely different chain of events that will start us in Black Ops 4 zombies with the Tranzit crew on a bus that crashes into a teleporter It 100% wouldn't be the end of 3arc zombies, but I think it'll be a different story and different crew :("
"But how would you explain Peter popoff? That psychics, faith healers, and ghost hunters are all frauds."
"Yes, that's exactly what he was saying. I know a lot of professors that don't like guns in their class. And since you think that professors views on what their students do in class is always followed, I guess day drinking and gun carrying never happens in their classes, right?"
Yes but is the artwork original? Ace CS:GO Sticker
you dropped this: What did you think was bad about it?
"Bing it. What is a sentence that makes perfect sense today, but would not make any sort of sense in 1950?"
TIL; teachers are heroes The truth of most teachers.
where do i send my money? I can't believe this guy is serious
"Caring about one thing means you can't care about another thing! Aren't there so many more important child protection issues to solve than this. Most circumcised men are fine, as are most uncircumcised men are (If anyone is fine, that is). Those that need help can get it. I would be against any ban. I was circumcised at 13 in the traditional manner (tribal not religious) of my father's people (An initiation, the pain is meant to teach us to be strong and prepare us for the responsibility of adulthood), as were all my brothers, cousins uncles and friends. I'm fine, emotionally and physically and so are my brothers. Maybe this is because we were given some meaning around what was done to us. I like my penis the way it is and don't buy the nonsense that I'd be happier with a foreskin, or dream about what life would be like with one (exactly the same). I don't even think that happiness or the alleviation of personal suffering is the goal of existence. I don't understand the cultural aversion that Europeans or (non-circumcised cultures) have towards this or the bankrupt moralising and emotional rhetoric used to object to the practice and belittle those with differing cultural or religious views. Is it that we have lost all links to any form of coherent worldview or cultural foundations that they feel the need to blame all their problems on losing a little bit of skin. Getting your foreskin back, not cut in the first place or for that matter a bigger penis won't fix a man. Let's have the debate (again) listen to all sides. Issue medical guidelines (that will be different in pro and anti circumcision countries)...What a waste of time. Can't this wait till we've gotten rid of child prostitution, child labour, etc?"
Yay an ad. OpenRaid Is Getting A Major Upgrade + Facelift - Exclusive Screenshot!
"There are no puke-worthy booties, there are only shitlords with unrealistic standards for beauty. I dunno, I've seen a few puke-worthy booties in yoga pants... It's sad that some women can still ruin it."
"Apparently you need this: Milk is part of the problem. I'm trying to eat little hard chunks of grain floating in milk using a small scoop on the end of a stick. While trying to wake up. Cereal is just bad news, baby."
Is there any other kind? And can public facilities please stop making so bad vegetarian food everytime.
"But don't you know, lesbians just haven't found the right penis yet I got catcalled for the first time yesterday (kind of grateful that it took this long), but I was confused - I had just gotten my hair cut, and I was pretty sure my hairdo broadcast ""lesbian"" to the world."
"8 white, sexist, racist, violent Berniebros, I knew it Introducing the 8 progressive state legislative candidates @BernieSanders is raising for."
Soz mate forgot the Both schools I've attended *use* Twitter to communicate with students.
"Ummm, it's pronounced WINE-er, THANK you! that's a hard name to grow up with"
Minecraft... in what games do you get 30-50 fps in ultra? it's impossible for a single 770 to get those framerates in a 2014-2015 game
"Yes, because shooting unarmed animals from dozens of yards away with a rifle is **so** manly. As a male vegetarian, this really winds me up"
"Isnt molten core truely the pinnacle of raids thou? As a hardcore raider during vanilla and tbc, i am much much more interested in tbc than vanilla. dont get me wrong i do love vanilla The biggest issue i have with vanilla servers is all i care about is clearing nax in its hardest form (I never cleared nax in vanilla). I do love AQ and ZG but the biggest draw card is doing nax and none of the servers ive ever played on have nax. Nax was the hard top tier content in vanilla and most servers always seem to just not have it."
No you just don't know what GOOD music is. ITT: Music experts (or *experts*) explain why you have no idea what music is.
"Who's Victor? Yes guys, Natalie is talking about Victor AGAIN :)"
"""But humans are the only animal to drink *other* animals' milk!!"" ""Brownie gets the milk as Blackie waits his turn"" - Nat Farbman/LIFE magazine, California, farm near Fresno, 1954"
"What are you talking about, I thought we were all on the StevenxJeff ship, poor Connie. inb4 JeffxConnie ship. Poor steven"
"Wow, that really sucks that your work is oppressing your freedom of speech like that. I can't call someone a fag at work, so I don't call anyone a fag at work. Rules are rules. It's not like it ruins my workday because I can't say it. It's just a word. Not being able to say it won't kill me or you or anyone else. Get the fuck over it and just enjoy the Batman content."
"If he held his phone correctly, instead of a really awkward way, TSM would be a powerhouse in the LoL scene; this just goes to show how completely unprofessional and how little they take their game seriously. How reginald holds the cellphone"
"That looks like the grabbing animation charizard used against mario in the direct, hmmmm.... Waddle dee confirmed! New Sakurai picture! (04/23) ""Pic of the day. Don't eat him. You can't eat him."""
yeah because they picked their first names AKA: basic hoes
"Like that guy knows anything about being Wide Receiver in the NFL, let alone a Norv Turner offense. It was Michael Irvin"
Derek Carr Who is the most overrated player on your team?
"We don't like that sort here unless it involves one of the following: ""WHOOOOOOOOO"" ""Cut content"" ""KOJIIMAAAAAAAAAA"" Get with the program bub. Wow, way to be a snarky git. It was a joke."
"Tanky stats on her W, 3 CC abilities, a passive that grants extra damage for allies What a bad support 0/10 wouldn't play It's a tank support meta, but Leona isn't viable at all. This should be a clear sign that something is horribly wrong with her. Leona was never designed to be a support and it doesn't make much sense for her to be a support now. She has 0 supportive abilities and very little abilities for peeling. Alistar has his heal and knockbacks, Braum has his shield, Nautilus has a fuck ton of AoE CC, Poppy has her ultimate and W, Tahm has his ult and W. Leona doesn't have any knockbacks, doesn't have any way of protecting her back line as her CC is mostly single target (her ult is AoE but very difficult to hit and is mostly used for long range single target initiation). She doesn't work as a support, she's like Maokai or Malphite, aggressive initiation with very little peeling abilities. She absolutely should not be accepted by the balance team as a support because she'll just never work there. The meta couldn't be better for her but she doesn't work. **Make her a tank top laner like Maokai and Malphite and Poppy are LIKE SHE WAS INITIALLY DESIGNED TO BE**. Let her proc her passive on her own, give her %max health damage on her W, lower it's cooldown and give her %max health scaling on her Q. Put her in a role where she makes sense and from there, fix her problems and balance her accordingly instead of putting her in a role where she doesn't make sense and will never work without being insane. If her support goes out of control then maybe make it so that only she can proc her passive or something. It's better for her to be good in one role than to be eternally mediocre or broken in the one she's currently played."
I can't believe a government would want the power to control the weather and keep it secret. Chemtrails finally proven by whistleblower?
Hmm.. That guy is obviously legit Hacker spotted on Galaxy server
"the invisible hand of the market place giveth and taketh away capitalism in action! So airport security confiscates these, but I can buy them in the terminal after passing through? How does that make any sense?"
"if there is anything we need it's more zombie games I got both and they both have great games, but the UI for Xbox one is more like cable TV with lots of adds for stuff. The ps4 is like Netflix, more right to the point. Plus it has The last of us."
"Bullshit! No, I like Gone because I like Kanye, and I happen to like Odd Future, too."
Pokemon Sun and Moon! New Gamestop Exclusive Funko Mystery Box is live....wonder how this will turn out...
with radar on if the consistently perform on it Stronghold
"If only she had been carrying a gun, too. Boy, 11, accused of killing 8-year-old neighbor with shotgun because she would not show him her puppy"
Yes facts are super misogynistic ITT: Tons of misogynists.
Whom is a made up word used to trick students. What are some obscure English grammar rules?
"I don't know, maybe this QB could somehow overcome not having an O-line or wide receivers. I still highly doubt at this point that the Browns take a QB in the first round. Barring some disaster by Manziel between now and then, which is always in the picture."
"What are you talking about Microsoft has way better exclusives. Uncharted 4 Wins Best Console Game, Action/Adventure Game &amp; Graphics at Game Critics Awards; Horizon: Zero Dawn Wins Best Original Game"
It's all the Jews fault! Islam has nothing to do with islam!
"Maybe it really is Tatooine, and the planet's inhabitants decided to change its name to throw off the galactic paparazzi after all the press coverage from the whole ""Skywalker Incident"". I mean not only all of this, but I think it goes without saying, If there is someone's child that is worth hiding why the hell would they go back to Tatooine? Luke was there for years. Anakin was there as well. Sometime or another someone is going to have say Yeaaaaaaaaa we should probably just stay away from that once little unknown planet."
"I'm so sick of being a dollar There was a ""Tinder Experiment"" along those lines where people set up wannabe pesos in a similar way."
"Yeah, because potential buyers totally shouldn't know about things like this. Before jumping to conclusions... Can we perhaps take the time to consider that maybe, just MAYBE, there's a good reason these TB3 devices with a TI controller are incompatible with the new MBPs? The negativity is just out of control with this release. Everyone is acting like Apple is going out of their way to intentionally cripple their new flagship laptops."
"There is, it's called the MLS. I wish there was real lower league football in America."
"Yeah, Kobe wasn't efficient so he was trash All my favorite volume shooters from the early-mid 2000s have horrible advanced stats"
"I doubt that would affect subway selling $5 footlongs to kids Subway. Technically Starbucks beats Wendy's too, though I understand why that wasn't mentioned."
Shut up you don't understand the meaning of this art! SPLC wants you to watch out for a green frog but thinks this is completely normal
Obvi if he's harassing his ex it MUST mean that she did something to deserve it How was she cheating on him? Where does it say that?
If only I can hide in my safe space and see nothing negative If only the internet was this way.
"But it's a Diet Coke, so it's actually healthy for you. Dingdingdingdingding, we have a winner. They also buy 1l softdrinks with their 1 dollar mcdoubles ..."
Because 350 is just *so* impossible to reach without glitches. Maybe don't use dupe glitches or infinite echo glitches next time.
"Isn't it great that network executives have come a long way and don't insult our intelligence anymore. A complete r-tard at the network explained why they'd canned it after only six episodes: (paraphrasing) ""People want to come home, turn on the TV, and then go about making dinner or whatever. They want to be able to walk in to the room, laugh at a joke, and then walk back out. This show demands that you watch it and pay attention to appreciate the humor."" At the time this show was aired, most sitcoms were entirely composed of people speaking in jokes, and were complete and utter shit. The six episodes are available on DVD, and they're worth renting and watching. They hold up very well as individual shows."
Well they haven't been good since they drafted him...soooo.... ESPN would somehow make all the main story lines about Johnny
Is there a point that you are trying to make here? Our american boys are dieing over there so the oil company's can rape us over here.
"Your computer, it's because everyone uses WIFI now that the pop-up ad on your LAN pc doesn't show up now. With What?"
"We just have to lower taxes enough to make up for that difference in wages and everything will be great Bernie Sanders: ""What corporations have done is shut down factories in this country and moved abroad where they pay workers pennies an hour. Forcing American workers to compete against Vietnamese workers who earn 56 cents an hour is a failed policy."""
"This just shows that mcdonald's is an evil, greedy corporation that would rather use machines than pay their workers a fair wage! Minimum wage at work (xpost r/mildlyinteresting)"
"Just like communism, right? Its funny, cause Pyro's plan makes sense on paper. If nobody gets suspicious when he hits people, they won't expect it when he's a traitor. Except now pause will kill him every round."
"cool graphics What were your thoughts on your first playthrough of the FNAF4 Night 1 minigame? I was confused, tbh. Not being able to do much in the room got me quite upset."
Can we make this a love triangle so I can have a bein subscription as well? Bein sports on TV and grilling food outside with my boyfriend and my family. We bought a subscription to Bein just to watch this game!
"Because it's working fabulously now, right? He also wants to get rid of socialized healthcare."
This really needed to be submitted as an image. Anyone notice you don't need to have a fishing pole equipped to fish now?
"Peasant. I'll just torrent the .pdf version. Already getting Pip-Boy Edition, no more money on Fallout 4 until DLCs"
"Morristown West RW Best NC teams? NC had a golden year a two years ago, but what about this year?"
"Lol just like how pao did nothing wrong Late 80s - early 90s meant pretty much you had to be a bully. It was a very dofferent, very toxic culture."
"Never would have guessed this would happen. Modern Warfare Remastered will have dedicated servers, but will not be available separately from Infinite Warfare."
"Duh, 4K is just a ripoff of Retina. What's the next rumor? Apple invented 4K too?"
Tolzien Time! Rodgers has made four bad throws now. I'm sure the blame will be placed solely on the receivers.
"Natural sugar comes from plants; HFCS is a refined chemical. I think you mean cane sugar. Its not more ""natural"" than HFCS."
"ZOS would never lie to us or do something half-baked like this ever! Don't feel too good just yet, ZOS are lying... it isn't just a ""simple display error"" because completing quests will progresses the current achievements to completion just fine which means a) the quest data is all gone or b) they have to merge the old quest data into the new quest data. And to top it all off this bug was reported weeks ago on the Craglorn PTS..."
"maybe disney should have considered that their lead actors should be multicultural, you racist fuck. Why are people down voting this? The blunt seriousness of the statement made me laugh. Heres an upvote for your troubles."
"Yeah, I love an explosive shot to the back after spawning in. Best spawn ever"
DUDE SPOILERS rip jon.
Ur right we need more dank maymays in CS XD nothing wrong with a funny avatar really i don't see a problem
Support for the Hong Kong protests What's with all the huge umbrellas lately? Trying to walk around SLU is like dodging a parade of patio umbrellas. Since when does one person need five feet of umbrella? Many of them are orange and white- is this an Amazon thing?
They let Duncan come back a couple of days later. His hospital will not allow him back for three weeks and neither would Duncan's hospital.
"Yeah but he's literally hitler I don't care if he's good for international human rights he's a racist xenophobic sexist cishet shitlord Trump's wall and increased border security will actually stop many rapes of Central American and Mexican women, so he's doing his part."
Thank god for the NRA. Today is the 5th anniversary of my sister's death. This is what happened to my family. He is still on the loose.
He's probably some cis gender white male upper middle class too. Someone's taking advantage of their literate privilege! Don't let tumblr find out.
"Yea Hoyers okay but you have the future hall of famer Manziel, so its not really a fair comparison We're over it already and all we got was Hoyer. You're fine."
"Man I'm so jealous I'm gonna go buy a vita and boost the sales by 100% now. Polygon's Post on FB ""Destiny made portable by PS4 and vita. Your move, Xbox"""
"Fell(x) you shitlord! Yeah, fella, as in short for fellow, as in someone with similar interests or ideas. Obviously you're commenting on a post about food so we share a similar interests. Fella."
"I dont know, but theres no reason we should doing this bad considering all the all stars we have. When the fuck is D' antoni getting fired? Topic title says it all."
"UMG makes a deal with Sony to allow it so they both make money I can't see any world in which the unofficial K+M modifiers aren't allowed, but an official one is. There's literally no point in the ban otherwise."
Yeah this won't end in a trainwreck divorce in 2 years Video of Paige talking about her proposal to Del Rio.
That's 70% who have an unjustified and completely irrational aversion! Around 30% of the votes is a phobia ?
Obviously the jets didn't play good and the Canuck just played bad Jets finally win and all Sportsnet can talk about is how poor Vancouver couldn't score enough goals.
Exactly what we are seeing in Colorado! Yes if drugs were legal they would be much cheaper than they are currently.
Yes because anyone who criticizes 343 must want a carbon copy of Halo 2/3. Innovating by making it the same as Halo 2 or 3?
"Because obviously that's what it's like in real life... I think it's very non literal. In every head but Riley's, the emotions are te same gender and look physically like the person they're in. This is true among kids adults and non humans. I just think it's nothing more than a device to make the main character more relatable and to make the other brains immediately clear as other peoples brains."
Weirdo...why is he using a pump shotgun when a double gun was clearly called for o.0 There's one in every crowd......
And our alien overlords attempting to execute order 66 + Agenda 21 and operation jade helm from years ago. and arms manufacturers.
"Easy, just send a SWAT team to the return address. This guy is a dealer, obviously. How are the local florida police going to prosecute some guys in Europe. ????????????????????"
But he died! Dumbledore Confirmed For Fantastic Beasts 2; Casting Underway
"You're right, I totally would have voted for McCain if Obama were white. Obama is a terrible president. He was voted into office (the first time) because of his race. People thought they were being ""progressive"" by voting for the first black president. That's actually more racist than me saying, ""I don't give a shit about what color your skin is - are you qualified?"""
"Physical media, the wave of the future. So our friend's (ex)girlfriend broke every single one of his games..."
"What superchargers, I don't see any... Yo dawg, I heard you liked supers..."
we are going to break your video game signing Pogba too If this happens I may have to watch every Chelsea game this season! This team is STACKED!!! I can't even assemble a team like this in a video game without running into FFP problems...
"It shouldn't say ""out of order"" should say ""damaged"" I see Suicide Squad is already starting to release some merchandise... XD"
"Nah, he must have a doctor's note for those shoes. That's a cop? I thought it was just a fat dude with a vest. Those boots don't look right?"
"And this was definitely not a problem before the update Yeah you can find 300k+ if you really search, It's just annoying to have to hit next for 15 minutes before you find a decent base. I'd rather be fighting than nexting. This is the biggest design flaw imo. They should really let you filter search results."
"No that's impossible, the video didn't show any of that so it couldn't have happened. Goddammit, Warren....... Fucking........ Christ...... To answer your question: Perhaps the calls to police were very different?"
"Cheers to my future Celus! Don't worry boiz, in 2 days(?) we get a 5-6* for free, finger cross on legend (lol, doubt it)"
"Honey Boo Boo is going to be hot when she gets older. Hell yes I am a bad man because I listen to what I was told to like while growing up in the 70s and 80s, and I like tall thin chicks with small tits as much as short girls with tight bodies and c cup jugs. I am bad, horrible actually, because I don't find someone over 135lbs to be physically attractive. If she is over 5'7"" she is too tall for me anyway, and 135 looks kinda pudgy on those girls. I should be killed or incarcerated because I dont find Honey BooBoos mother to be the pinnacle of my sexual desires."
WTF BOYCOTT CHIA REEEEEEEE A stocking stuffer from my girlfriend.
"You must hate Stonebank Could you make a wallpaper based off Eagle Eyes, Moving On, and Holding On To Sound?"
"Spoiler: Alla quarta puntata Catia muore d'ebola ho appena visto il video ""La scelta di Catia"" sulla home del corriere e sono rimasto senza parole..."
"And yet some how Israel are the bad guys. Despite claims of accepting truce, Hamas fires more rockets into Israel."
"It's obvious your entire post is BS, because not once did you mention the ESPILLUMINATRIX, duh! You say 'This is Bullshit.' without ever defining 'this'. One can only assume you mean the original post is bullshit. The original post contains undeniable, easily verifiable facts about the game that we all know to be true. I don't shit all over the stuff you're doing. To each their own. The least you can do is provide an explanation as to **what** you think is bullshit. You've already provided the ""why""."
But then he can't charge for each tweak individually to make more money! We should have all these tweaks combined into one complete package
"Hang on, is this 20GB content patch meant for Destiny? Halo MCC, 20GB day one update!!!"
"Yeah, all those facts and good points shouldn't be in his opinion. Good comedy. Poor opinion."
"People who call people losers are winners. TIL when asked if he knew his IQ, Stephen Hawking responded ""I have no idea. People who boast about their IQ are losers"""
"well they're obviously red/pink underneath that , so i don't see the problem what happens if they started pulling on the red skin?"
"Yay, promoting drunk driving! So legend has it, years ago there was a case of a bar that knew it was being targeted for drink driving. So they hired an actor. At closing time he left first, stumbled out, fumbled his keys at the car door, crashed the gears as he left the car park, and was stopped a few hundred yards down the road by the policemen who had been sitting outside the bar. While the police questioned the decoy the rest of the bar had come out, got in their cars and driven off the other way."
"IDK man, everyone knows that random shooters are always super-well trained in the usage of their weapon and could never harm anyone in the way accidently. My point is that a trained officer with a police issue handgun couldn't stop him, why would a random in the crowd with a gun make a difference? All it would do is add bullets into the air."
"You forgot your Now, now, making joking generalizations about an entire race is completely different from making fun of white people for their inability to dance or their love of cheese."
"Obviously, Apple's profit will vanish overnight as it begins its downward spiral to its grave following the death of Steve Jobs Remember how exciting Apple was from 2005-2011? How do you think it's changed since Steve died?"
"But when writing about how my group suffers, it's so much easier to stereotype the opposition! White America It's true that whites can often have a myopic view of the way race affects life; naturally it's hard to understand an experience that is specific to a certain group of people when you are not a member of that group. That being said, I'd like to see op-ed authors stop using the adjective ""white"" irresponsibly, i.e., in a manner that suggests (even if it doesn't say outright) that whites form a homogenous group of brutes who all love Trump and couldn't care less about the plight of anyone but themselves. It's insulting, patronizing, and inaccurate, and I think it has led to the feelings of marginalization that caused people to consider Trump who may not have done so otherwise. I don't think it's necessarily always true that ""if you can replace 'white' with 'black' and get a racist statement then it's wrong to say"" given the historical context of race relations in the world. BUT I do think that a sentence that fails that test deserves to be reconsidered and possibly clarified to not give the appearance of stereotyping. No one wants to be blamed for mere membership in a group, and you have to consider what people **understand** you to say and not just what you **mean** to say."
Sounds like a reasonable solution. Pakistani man kills wife on first wedding night after finding she was not a virgin
"To be fair, who DOESN'T bash america? why are europeans always bashing americans? Why are they so jealous?"
Le fedora tip to you good sir Your trucks are on backwards good sir
"BUT IT'S MY ONE DAY OFF IN THE PAST 7 MONTHS AND I WAS GOING TO PLAY DESTINY FOR THE EXACT AMOUNT OF TIME THAT MAINTENANCE LASTS AND BUNGIE HATES EUROPE. Not talking about the post, I am talking about the people complaining about the maintenance itself."
I don't think I've ever seen anyone run [[Ad Nauseam]] before. Your most unique yet competitive tech? Hey guys. Just a general question to all of my fellow competitive players: what is your unique or uncommonly played tech that has proven really strong? This is mostly for fun and to encourage some new ideas. :D
"Baby sheep and cows aren't as cute as baby seals Yeah, I don't see people banning lamb and veal in Europe."
im sure they are using protection the things you see at community college....
You forgot the Nah I love Ellen Pao.
I'm sure he just wasnt SEC ready 2016 athlete Donovan Duvernay has committed to #Texas
Where's undertale? 15 Games Nominated for 2016 Gaming Hall of Fame
"There goes another $400 Mil down the congressional investigation hole A U.S. lawmaker accused Yosemite National Park of breaking federal law by adding 400 acres for a wildlife preserve without clearing it through Congress, but federal park officials said Friday that he's misinterpreting the law"
"Wow, Martin is amazing, I could have sworn that was Benedict. Dr. Strange"
"It's okay, he upgraded max damage. No title on this planet will ever fully encapsulate my feelings from seeing this soldier"
I agree the worst f2p game ever... Just wondering why you are still playing giving my voice on this. OPTC sucks. they need to listen to players in order to keep the players.
"Sorry, forgot the Yeah beware the reefer madness!"
"Yeah being undefeated bar one disqualification, obviously nothing special.... Jon jones isn't as good as everyone thinks he is."
"Shit, all mine is tied up in MNGA and AMD from the circlejerk about 6 months back Don't worry, all my long money is in sune."
"When they outlaw dashcams, only then will outlaws have dashcams! I want to get one for when I start driving, but dashcams aren't legal in Sweden :/"
I'm sure a legendary bloodbug wouldn't be annoying at all. Anything can be legendary
"but if you are black/white wouldn't you be gray instead of brown? I'm brown, but I don't work here. This is short and sweet. Firstly, I'll mention I am female and mixed race (black/white). When I was about 13 or 14 a pound shop (equivalent to a dollar store) opened in my local shopping centre. I was in there taking a look around, wearing jeans and a hoody, when I was approached by an older lady asking me about one of the products. I was confused as to why she would be asking - I looked around and realised that the store was owned/run by number of Pakistani men (the area that I live in was at the time almost entirely white) and therefore the lady had made the assumption that as I was also brown I must also work in the store. I explained that I didn't work there and she went on her merry way."
"A corrupt politician from Detroit, who would have imagined? Pizza in oven, no time to hear foreclosure pleas: ""Garden City's mayor says he didn't allow residents who lost their homes to address the City Council on Monday because a pizza party was planned after the meeting."""
"[It's usually not so literal.] ""In every JRPG teenagers use the power of friendship to defeat god"" - zero punctuation"
"Ugh, typical kotaku in action! Hey buddy, speak for yourself! :p"
I just saw a jewish guy but thats just cause im not a racist like yall I saw a little of Zach Braff there in the middle
"Yeah, it would suck if Elder Scrolls had fetch quests. If it's WoW like it won't be awesome. Just look at boring SWTOR. I hate to see that happening in the Elder Scrolls... even if it's another era. ""Go kill 20 mudcrabs and come back for the reward""."
Should have used My bad hard to tell over text. I completely agree though
He must've had money on that game. One of the best kickers all time too
"Gotta love the weeaboo phase. Reddit, what ""phase"" did you go through in high school? Such as a Gothic phase or a skater and everything in between."
Probably Leper Gnome on a Warlock... Or Sludge Belcher... What's the best deck you can make with 30 times the same card? Playing against people with regular decks
"Remember everyone, there can't possibly be any reason to own military style assault weapons. TIL that in 1946, armed citizens in a Tennessee county fought a gun battle with corrupt local authorities to ensure a fair election AND they made a movie about it"
Sell high while you still can So... Is Bell not going to be the starting RB?
Did rob liefield make it? I'm making a model of the DCEU Superman in blender
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THAT WAS SO FUNNY 420
"Well, this is surprising. Browns say Manziel lived up to all the red flags"
"Yeah, because doing that could only end well..... U.S. may act to keep Chinese hackers out of Def Con hacker event"
"Well we need to make sure everyone caters to your specific preferences, snowflake. Honestly, I can't stand mayonnaise. Always have to ask fast food restaurants to keep that nasty wallpaper glue off my burgers, but they fucking put it on anyway every goddamned time. All I want is spicy mustard damnit. But nooooo, the average American doesn't like spicy mustard! So every burger join from New York to Los Angeles has fucking bland yellow mustard the color of fucking bananas. When it comes to fries, I'm a purist. Naught but potato, grease, and salt. Occasionally vinegar, mustard, or hot sauce, but not much. TL;DR Don't want to hear my opinion on condiments? TOO BAD."
"... As if MAGA were anything more than a slogan. Pray tell, what concrete policies will Trump enact that are beneficial to workers? Will it be the reversal of overtime rules? Perhaps the rollback of clean air standards? Tax cuts for people several brackets above them? Erosion of civil service employee protections? Further restrictions on the franchise? Crackdown on marijuana, because Jeff Sessions for AG? The wall, metaphorically?"
"Fuckin breeders are just the worst. Tell that to the hundreds of mothers in my city who open ""daycares"" after having a child. I swear every mother in her mid-twenties to thirties in my city has a Facebook group for their own daycare. Obviously once you shoot a monster out your snatch you are qualified to raise all kinds and any number of other people's monsters too."
"Well, those elderly people probably went through the Great Depression, so they already got some practice! 'I'm Eating Once A Day': Congress' Food Stamp Cuts Hit Wisconsin Seniors Hard"
"Destiny, gosh can't you see the ghost. What is this from?"
"Maybe it was your fault? Also, guys, don't get super freaked out if it happens to you and think we'll find you a sex failure. One guy I was with recently wasn't getting hard. He said ""This never happens"". Then he got up and left without saying another word to me."
"There must not have been any bisexual, orange-haired, half-black and half-jewish females weighing over 15 stone in the competition. In the ""Miss Russian Football Premier League 2015"" competition, a neo-Nazi CSKA fan won the title of ""Miss Charisma."""
"Man, I've seen more than that on a Friday night! ITT: People think 5 tonnes is not a lot of cocaine"
"Man, Banksy is *sooooo* deep. No trespassing"
"Yeah, suits aren't real clothes what was this guy thinking. All suit stuff? How about some real clothes?"
"But remember folks, the Trump campaign is the REAL supporter of minorities. White nationalists plot Election Day show of force"
"He lost the primary, GET OVER IT REDDIT Got a berner myself"
"Yeah who knows, I may have bruteforced a seed ai somewhere in all the noise. Dang, that's pretty impressive."
"Gotta hear both sides Boris Nemtsov: 'I'm afraid Putin will kill me,' Russian opposition politician said weeks before being shot dead"
Only an asian women would understand Where is hashtag activist Suey Park when you need her??
You don't have digs faster than he walks downvoted I incorperated it. Reread it lol
"Excuse you, they're called Romani! Fuck you, and your gypsy logic."
Is this sarcasm? RABBLE RABBLE ANGER RABBLE. Something about your balls being deflated. ANGER RABBLE RABLLE.
THIS is the type of thing I come to this subreddit for... Sunday Chillin
Martial to Barca confirmed. He liked Pep Guardiola's philosophy? Slut!
"They're literally unreadable So am I the only one who is really sick of the ""literally unplayable"" posts? Sorry for shit title but seriously, it's getting a bit repetitive."
"Guys you dont get it, pre-aiming an angle is 100% aimlock fnx locks on before peaking"
But I have a Mac is that a PC? PC gamers on Newswire comment section
Clearly the algorithm is to blame And thus the discussion again moved to r/the_Donald
"Omg he's so right that's why when you walk on a college campus you soooo cant tell who is a freshman. ""I think pedophiles who prey on little kids should be put in prison, but it's a lot more understandable when we're talking about teens. Our culture has become so sexualized that sometimes there is very little difference between a girl of 14-17 and one of 18-25."""
Advanced Placement AP stands for what? Armor Penetrating?
"It's JUST CHIMNEY SOOT So, what about the Dutch? I guess we made them dress up like entertainers and deliver presents to children."
"In that order, too. I mean technically they are right. White woman here, literally all I do is have period and make drama. LITERALLY nothing else."
Because high school is such a serious thing and these problems matter! Why do you people insist on reposting this over and over again. We get it.
No its because it was in America and we are fat and uncultured That was probably because people are busy and don't have time to watch someone play the violin.
"Shut up you big fat SJW meanie! And black people can *also* be natural redheads. Every race can. And if you're complaining about the possibility of Zendaya dyeing her hair, were you also complaining when Kristen Dunst and Shailene Woodley had to dye their hair to play the same role?"
"Such a great defense of Trump. Trump thinks citizens are superior to non-citizens. That's not racism, that's nationalism."
"except include part of the community D1: ""I'll do whatever it takes to make the community grow"""
"Bad haircut omg FML this is truly the worst thing that's ever happened better post to Reddit My bangs look horrible I had a really nice haircut, with blunt bangs. I got tons of compliments, however, they were a few people who mentioned that they were "" a bit uneven"". I felt really self consious about this, even with all the compliments I recieved. So, when I got home, I tried fixing it. Now, my bangs are way too short, and it looks really stupid. I can not even describe how upset I am. I finally found a cute haircut that worked for me and I only got to wear it for one day before completely ruining it. I made a stupid decision over a few negative comments when they didn't really matter. Now, I feel like hiding from public, I'm not gonna lie, I feel ugly in this haircut. I finally had confidence and now its gone. You'd swear I had no common sense! Now I have to wait a really long time for them to grow longer so I can get them back to normal.... I'm so disapointed. seriously, fml..."
"Kylo Ren is Darth Vegas and Luke is snoke and bb8 is anakin reincarnated Give me your best TFA theories?! No matter how crazy, off the wall or left field. Purely curious."
"Yes, please make a top tier weapon more op. Dragon Nikana Prime (or AKMAGNUS Prime) Mirage or Zephyr Prime."
"Yeah the best thing for working class Americans is for a con man like Trump who shipped jobs overseas to get into office I'm getting more and more convinced the best thing for working class Americans is for Trump to win the election in November. Allow the corrupt DNC and Clinton cronyism house of cards to collapse so the Left can clean house. Losing her second bid for the White House and Bill unable to run again, the Clinton dynasty will lose much of its power and progressive democrats have a chance to get her fat cat cronies out of their current positions. This primary has been a fraud. Even the convention has been a fraud, with rule changes on the roll call and paid seat fillers allow the DNC leadership to craft a perception of ""unity"". Just like boycotting is effective because it hits a company where it hurts -- money. Not voting for Hill will hit the Democratic Party where it hurts -- loss of direct political power and influence. They've left us little choice because they don't adhere to any of their own internal rules anymore; there's no recourse to resolve it from processes within party."
"Because top Smash 4 players don't get upset in pools Just wondering, why were Cosmos and Jayson floated to top 48, skipping pools entirely? It seems a bit odd and I can't find any sort of explanation."
"Please ra, i would love you to shove that laser up my ass faster and easier! Idea for a good Ra buff. decrease cooldown from 18s to 15s on his 3, decrease build-up time for his ult from 1s to 0.5s. That should help."
"Other minorities could learn a thing or two Exactly, a minority!"
"Right, because skin of a slightly different shade means the kid looks nothing like you. I want my children to look like me, look at the shitty person I am. Wtf dude."
"Probably because your scalp looked disgusting I shaved my head because I have severe scalp psoriasis and was nursing my daughter, so I couldn't use any medication for it, and people treated me like shit. Other moms shunned me and wouldn't look me in the eyes, a group of children mocked me, it was awful. It was a really eye opening experience."
You can really see it flowering in the last pic. 2 more weeks of growth update
Jr smith saved your season ! J.R. Smith half court alley-oop to LeBron
"Wow, I thought only PC gamers used haxxorz Last night I saw FairFight kick someone on XB1"
"Because people like OP is clearly in the same situation as your GF I don't know why you get downvoted. But thats actually true. I loved my GF and spent almost all my Freetime for or with her (making her household, stay with her in a hospital through the night, helped her with groceries, helped getting a job and so on) She was still depressed and didn't feel loved. She had few friends and a family, everyone was loving her and tried to help, but she couldn't feel it. She only was happy when she went super Egoistic mode, ignoring everyone and only caring for herself. Same went with me few years back. I only felt loved and seen when I loved myself. Didn't matter if noone called me for a few weeks or every want to do something on the weekends. Heck even tho girls wanted to Hook up with me, I didn't even cared if I couldn't like me. If you want to improve your Life quality, do something what makes you happy, ignore what other people do and say. Take care of yourself, this way you improve your confidence, with confidence people are more likely to like you, spend time with you and you will find a Girl/Boy (don't know your sexuality) whos going to fall in love with you. Heads up! This Life is too beautiful to colour everything grey."
Maybe they were a rugby team asshole. You think that's douchetastic?? I ran into a fraternity on the beach on South Padre Island during spring break and *every single member of the frat* had that tattooed on their chest. It was like a douche tsunami.
"Plus he sells a shit ton of shirts James is probably worth that price. One mediocre season doesn't change anything. He was one of the best players in the world the season before, and would be the best player in the league if he went to Italy or England."
"Combo or GTFO So that leaves what in Standard, reanimator?"
The dance of his people. Is that the macarena?
"Don't be obtuse a wall is racist. If there is ALREADY a tax-funded, busted, crappy-ass fence, WTF is the big deal about a WALL?!"
Great. We may see Blake and Farmar back soon
"And she will grow to be an exemplary woman, with solid values and morals. The Girls Face Captured my Reaction Fairly Well"
I bet being stuck in a bear trap will do that to a fella Kinda unnerving though...
"It does have a cooldown, it's called reload. If McCree's Fan the Hammer had a cooldown, he wouldn't be that obnoxious imo."
"Can't wait for paid ""early access"" games! The Play Store will soon have ""Early Access"", with hand picked open betas of apps &amp; games"
"Bring em over to MMA, there's a huge lack of injuries over there Can these injuries go somewhere elsewhere? Like nowhere near football? Please?"
"But doesn't just create more male privilege and empower the patriarchy? I teamed up with my local college to host another free event for fathers. We went over hair and nails to help encourage dads to better connect with their girls . 23 dads, stepdads and even a grandfather showed up and we all learned something new."
"Name calling, the definitive go-to for when you *know* you're right. I think you meant to reply to the post above mine, jackass. And as per why you think he got shot, see BOBASA's post and then maybe consider that there hasn't even been a trial so it's pretty telling that you're taking the cop's story at face value."
I really didn't expect Intel/Nvidia to lead. What CPU/GPU combo do you have?
But OMG thats RACIST! Most of Europe is a terrible Muslim problem. they gotta stop letting them in
"Obviously it's the marker for the better types. As an INFP, that square at the very least definitely fits for me personally. I must ask though, what are the blue dots for?"
"Wow, the things valve do just to spite ex-ibp Major Growth"
"Yeah, apple has nothing against 3rd party repair shops fixing your phone, which is why they all have unlimited access to oem parts. And that's intentional, as a security feature."
"Yunners, don't you know opinions are *frowned upon* here? To be honest, I thought it was mediocre at best. If it wasnt a star wars game, it'd be considered another run of the mill sub-par battlefield clone. Jack of all trades, but master of none."
"Yea..Abraham Lincoln was fucking crazy....fuck him! I don't even care who the Republican candidate is, I will be voting Democrat. Hell, I don't even care who the Democratic candidate is. The Republicans are fucking crazy."
Because South Park has never had multiple episodes referencing the same thing. That would just be lazy writing.
"Throwing money at problems is the best way to solve problems. Bill Gates pledges $10,000,000,000 over 10 years for vaccines. Expects to save over 8,000,000 children under the age of 5 from an early death."
"Thank goodness your mom prayed, and god intervened, because you're so terribly incompetent. When I told my mom I got a job at the local science center"
"I bet his intelligence just intimidates them. Oh bless, do women not like to be around you very much because you make them uncomfortable? Never mind. It must be our fault because we go for douchebags right? It couldn't possibly be a problem with you could it? You're a Nice Guy."
definitely new yeah Blue Urgot So I came up with this: Long sword 2xpots Tear/Ninja tabi Spirit of elder lizard Iceborn Guntlet Manamune Frozen heart Last whisperer So what r u thoughts on this build?
That's exactly how they drew that up... Basically tackled the reciever. That short throw was a blessing for Ole Miss.
"Its all Russia's fault No, this is all part of a vast right-wing conspiracy."
It's like a white person can't even express herself without being called a racist. Well I face palmed when she sent me what her friend said about us.
"A mighty statue Gem Usage Just found several iTunes gift cards from christmases past, not gonna use them for music, so I bought 6500 gems with them. I just finished the upgrade to TH8. What is the most effective way I can use these to maximize their value to me?"
You mean I'm not special for telling the barista that I'm Spartacus or Voldemort? Two people understood a reference to a popular book series/insanely popular TV show? I'm calling bullshit
Nightmares for life Adventure Trifreddy
You mean a grittled cheese melt? Fall Weather Means Crock Pot Potato Soup (recipe in comments) topped with Shredded Cheddar and Complimented with a Grilled Cheese Sandwich
"Wow, they're so noble and brave! San Francisco's Official Response to the Election of Trump - San Francisco Bay Times"
"Weet je wel niet hoe hard werken dat is, 440 mensen ontslaan? Wordt er aan de top ook gesaneerd of zijn het alleen wat wegwerpslaven die eruit gaan?"
"But we should definitely not view them objectively at all like we would anyone else in the context of history, because they are Americans and thus deserve special treatment! And most of them owned slaves. Hardly role models who we should look to for inspiration."
"Yeah, cause it'll increase public safety For ammo? Jeez"
"Trust the process. Kevin Anderson on Twitter: ""Only 5 teams have not agreed to any deals in FA so far: Warriors, Thunder, Spurs, Cavs, and Bulls. One of these is not like the other."""
Have you tried turning it off and on again? Why is it that my 20+ GB of music on my iPhone is showing up as 1.1 GB?
"he saw it in a porno and the actress seemed to enjoy it, therefore all women like it Ew, he's going to put his stupid cock in your ass and then rub it all over your clit and your mouth? that's begging for an infection."
Can't wait for the Ryze trolls! Use the new Ryze ult with care!
Wouldn't it be horrible If Tony Abbott didn't support you? Tony Abbott praises senior ministers - but not Joe Hockey.
"Right, that would automatically make it appeal to the masses Reboot it, as with an open world hub with tunnel caves, and space exploration... it could be huge."
"Well considering that OP said they'd been exchanging hand written cards up to this point, I guess it's appropriate. Yeah - it's basically a greeting card in 3-d form."
It's cause you have no charging handle :^ ) When you have enemies nearby but you gotta tech mid-game. This is me and my situation today :D
"It's all this Patriacrchy^TM that's bringing them down. TIL ""The Paradox of Declining Female Happiness"": Despite the the improvement in the lives of women over the past 35 years, measures of subjective well-being indicate that women's happiness has declined both absolutely and relative to men. Women from the 1970s reported higher happiness than men."
"But I want to shoot people with a snowspeeder tow cable... Problem is cloud cars are atmospheric craft, and this is a space combat gsme."
U wot m8? Never heard of that.
"and when you are sinking an enemy ship, you are supposed to take their crew on the board of your own ship and only then you can attack that enemy ship How do they interference i though we can't have weapons in space"
"From east side of harlem can say things are really turning around Born and raised in the Bronx, near the Bronx Zoo, and tired if these talking points. Riverdale and Pelham Bay have always been nice areas and those a fairly large neighborhoods too. The middle parts of the bronx never seemed to have more crime than the average neighborhood in an American city, it was always just the South Bronx that had this epidemic of violence. And thats stemmed from the city never really giving a damn about the Bronx, which is why so many drug treatment centers are found in that area, why schooling will never seem to improve, sans a few charter schools and why infrastructure has stayed the same in this section of the city for decades now. As a whole, the city is changing and seeminlgly getting safer but that depends on who you talk to."
"They had their hands up, a clear sign of aggression. Why cops kill unarmed black people...."
"You forgot the Slings Back!! I thought they cancelled sling, that would suck because then what would i do with my sling account. And the recent table flips have been amazing!!! All the Jon jokes in it were a little much though, we get it. Jon left gamegrumps, you don't have to say it every 5 minutes and make arin feel uncomfortable"
"Yeah, because there are no stupid people who are skinny. Because he is talentless and not really funny, the bumbling moron routine is less believable when the character isn't fat as that would be unrealistic."
"And he's Russian agent because he flew to Russia! And then people get mad because Snowden didn't use the ""proper channels"". Morons."
"VaidaxDorcas Best FE7 supports? Pretty much exactly what I said. I don't even remember supporting anyone on my last play through except Hector and Lyn (the supports aren't amazing, but I do love them as a pair) and I tried to get Eliwood/Ninian but I didn't realize how infrequently I would have her. Any input from the sub? (I mean this more as a discussion as opposed to a one-and-done question, which is why I haven't used the question thread, sorry for being bogus)"
You dropped this Probably the worst one you can get.
"What r9k means too me *two sisters want to bang... They aren't suppose to bang... Because they're sisters.... They bang anyways...* Don't let cutlers view on *forbidden love* get in the way of making *love* Let's all go bang our sisters &lt;3 ""What r9kElsa means to me"" An essay by crezth"
"Because crouching in other games doesnt make your hitbox smaller No, they do it because it changes the hit box somehow that you can't miss a parry. It's another ~~bug~~ pro-feature"
You homophobic xenophobic sexist racist whatever Nope I'm only into straight people.
"Shh... people don't care about ""facts"" like that! SFMTAs report after implementation also noted that the JFK bike lanes slowed bicyclists by 15%."
Don't you know that you must automatically know everything that an experienced developer knows? in this reddit i feel bad for beeing an inter most of the time.. we all startet somewehere! :(
Being thin at CB sure worked well for us last year. Tampa Bay trades CB Eric Wright to 49ers for a conditional 2014 late-round pick
"They have better Internet, those fuckers What did we ever do to you?"
literally pay to win. Making the most out of premium
"I think he plans to create a version of Dark Souls where you are only thrown the key to your cell after 2 hours of playing ""Time to start offering free content that unlocks after x hours of play."" What? Isn't that.. you know... **THE GAME**?"
this obviously means that they weren't snooping hard enough FBI admits Patriot Act snooping powers didn't crack any major terrorism cases
Sexism didn't exist until Hillary ran for prez 24 year old didn't think racism existed when he was 8 years old. what a fucking joke.
"Can't tell if actual social justice warrior or Quite frankly I worry that we don't appeal well enough to men. We should be reaching out to motorcycle clubs, lumberjacks and the NRA. My boyfriend would like me to be able to buy him an axe or a new plaid shirt with Dogecoin. He also loves assault rifles - who doesn't, right! If you're a pasty nerd and feel unfairly stereotyped by the above generalisations, you're just being overly sensitive."
Definitely bookmarking this site. Exactly! It's like the website was set up by an angsty teenager.
Yay for automation replacing human labour! Hopefully more McDonald like touch screen order machines or tablets at tables. Used one the other week and it's basically idiot proof. The best part is people are still scared to use it so you get your food way faster than people standing in line.
"No, he needs to be punished for trying to look up porn! seems like you need to teach him how to search for porn."
Probably the game causes to the Samsung become hot af and almost explode Why would only Samsung users get rewarded for playing the game before it came out worldwide?
"That's right, because the Palestinians started this whole shit show in the first place. huh... I wonder why they wouldnt want that. If they were actually the victims and not the aggressors in the conflicts on the Mount, then surely video would back up the claims they always make."
"Nah brah, I work constrcution and totally need a pick up to haul my tool belt around. I hope you're not counting trucks that are used for commuting to work as a work truck."
He said he travelled to Europe. Boudicca for the Celts has a statue near Big Ben by the river
"Man I bet that drive to Chicago got old for home games. No they didn't? Dodgers moved to LA in 1958, and played at the Coliseum from 58-61. Moved into Dodger Stadium when it was built in 62. Angels founded in 61, played in Wrigley during the 61 season, then Chavez from 62-65, until they built Angel Stadium in 66."
"Yes, just fan the flame between the fans some more.... Why DC Extended Universe Is A Big FAILURE So Far"
Have fun in hell OP Oh I see what I did wrong. I pressed the Share button for the time-stamped link but must have copy and pasted the top URL. My bad!
"Urban Meyer's fault. Riley Cooper at concert ""I will fight every n****r here"""
But if I have a expensive modern deck and devote all my free time to play testing there is a chance I could cash in a big tournament! Pay $1000 to maybe win $20 at your local games shop. Good business plan.
"Because corporations show such responsibility with your private information and never try to monetize every single aspect. Exactly, but people like to be cynical and think all corporations are out to get them"
"How DARE you not like Simulor Mirage? If I upset someone I want to upset them because I said something upsetting, not because I said that I don't like Simulor Mirage. People tend to get so caught up in their builds that they want validation that its perfect and beautiful and can do no wrong and has no weak points and frankly I don't know why in a PvE Co-Op game it even happens"
I can see you read the post Sexism. There i just saved you some time.
There seems to be a section missing about the Monero innovations which make it scale better than an unrestricted (non-Blockstream/Core) Bitcoin. Comparison: Bitcoin vs Monero vs Dash vs Zcash
#NAME? Rumour: Orlando squad is killa mirx crim and karma Thoughts?
nah we need new sounds pyth: We need verified Steam accounts
Fuck off with your engineering Lots of impervious area = high runoff Generally want to limit this aspect.
What do you expect when almost no armor models have pouches? I just realized years after watching this trailer that master chief literally pulled ammo straight out of his ass go check 1:13
"Cause, accidents dont happen. WTF This website is trying to sell a boat tube for $74,198.94! Overnight delivery option is $1,472.00"
"""Now Bernie boy, show me where he touched you inappropriately."" MaryAlice Parks on Twitter: ""@BernieSanders confirmed to me that he &amp; Jane met privately w/ Pope Francis this morning"""
"W-w-wait, are you trying to tell me that feminism *isn't* about enslaving men and using them as breeding machines? A Sea Lion in Sarah Butts timline has interesting ideas about what feminism supports"
lol kiamundy Wow big fan of ur shite content h4h4 ur funi x
"But he probably enjoyed it ""Men can't be raped"""
Since the government has stopped so many attacks Kinda like when Snowden told them how they were being tracked by the government.
"w/o the government, there is no problem. Without government, the marketplace will not solve climate change."
"You are a non believer, hoobastank outside her apartment window is the way to go. Don't send her a song or anything else. That's some grade-school shit."
"A Shepherd, guiding the sheep and protecting them from the wolves. Shepherd. Like sheep-herd."
Oh dude of course I put my heart and soul into this You worked way too hard on this comment.
I am sure that the church has reassured him that he should just have faith! Doesn't look like the driver has the same luxury.
They don't like it when they're on the receiving end of jank and autocombos What's the deal with PM players?
Please take the movements of power at face value like logical people If the tinfoil hat fits...
because they were totally cheering that LeBron got hurt and not the charge call Chicago fans aren't. Almost as retarded as Philadelphia fans.
"Next time a woman's fist meets my face, I'll remember to get a weapon, thanks for the advice. A man's fist in my face doesn't remind me to ""be a lady."" It tells me to go find a weapon. Jesus Christ, what terrible advice."
"I admire your effort, it's no easy task to achieve that level of brainwashing, pulling a man away from truly beautiful huge bodies resembling solidified sexy magma flows. Really, because I only snagged a man after showing him supermodel cutouts from magazines. He had to be shown cultural beauty and brainwashed so I could pull him away from all the fierce fabulous real women."
"great, there was a real lack of stores around these parts. Costco closes deal to purchase 17 acres in Lawrence for new store near Quaker Bridge Mall"
Then all who voted for Hillary go for Jill its a joke
BUILD A WALL! And that proposal is....what?
"Ahh yes, completely logical reason to murder a human being. Yup. They killed multiple animals for their fucked up movie. Fucker should be killed himself."
"""Destroy hopes and dreams in order to reach the Cash-Generator"" New CW mode, Player-Base Assault. Win: if Player-Base destroyed Lose: if Player-Base destroyed"
"Pfft, noob, anyone with any form of self respect can tell that it is in fact an StG44. The stain on this train window looks like an AK47"
No it's better Really? Damn that sucks
"Spy or international call girl? My mom in Moscow 1975. From all the stories she's told me about her travels, I wouldn't be surprised if she was a spy."
Well 1 Aston Martin owner is definitely a more significant sample than 1 Toyota owner. Because your experience is representative of all AM owners right?
"Kentucky players already are getting paid enough! NCAA will pay up to $3,000 per family per student-athlete who reach Final Four in men's and women's this year--$4,000 for those who reach title game."
"But that's communism! Wouldn't it then be more logical to somehow guarantee the elements of a ""living wage"" (I.e. Housing, food, medical, etc.), rather than trying to increase the minimum wage to provide these things? If it always operates like the hedonic treadmill, why hasn't some wise economist proposed an alternate way to provide a baseline for life in our society? I suppose it's not nearly as simple as all of that."
Unlike Reddit. Hardocp is shit. They act like 12 year old fanboys.
While Brock can continue doing what he does best: Eat Sleep Inject Repeat Well now Brock can remain silent and let Paul do what he does best: Eat Sleep Talk Repeat
Is this chapter 3. Konami Announces Metal Gear Survive.
"Thank you, Hitler. Truthfully, if we banned all but one model of cars, there would be a great savings in terms of efficiency and maintenance. Same thing for cars."
"Which is why everyone should be tuned for speed density ^^^^ Shine a light from the screen side and move it around. That'll show you exactly how much of the filter is clogged. If your car was built after mid 90's it already has a cold air intake. On a fuel injected engine with a MAF sensor, ripping out the factory unit and installing an aftermarket unit will actually decrease your performance."
Looks like we need some renewable helium. The Helium on earth is running out. There is plenty in space (on the moon for example). Guess what rockets need to function? Helium. Soon we could run out of the helium needed to get more helium.
"Dude spoiler that shit. The best example of this imo is The Illiad. Achilles is a super-badass lv 20 paladin and when the BBEG Hector kills his best bud he is emotionally destroyed. He goes full oath-of-vengeance and wrecks all the bad guys. Even solos Hector and wins. But killing the BBEG doesn't comfort him. Nor does dragging Hector's corpse behind his chariot and shouting about what a badass he is for killing the BBEG. He only finds peace when Hector's father, the king and his sworn enemy in this war, comes to him and humbly begs that he be allowed to bury his son. He allows it and Hector is properly buried THE END. Seriously, that's how the whole story ends. The final line of the greatest war epic ever told is: Thus held they funeral for Hector, tamer of horses."
Not all of us live in California... That's just wasteful
"Wow it looks exactly like one wildfire case, except it has 3 zeros to the right, great useful post. This is what 1000 wildfire cases look like."
"""its Esport ready guys!"" Players won't be able to use the hammer with the Sledge taking out the function of the operator, totally insane. Some players that have the game on Steam were not able to play because the game is installed on uPlay, therefore asking for a CD-KEY, Ubisoft had to give the players who own the game on Steam new keys for uPlay so they can play the game, but now they don't have the attachments (see KRYP using F2 with ironsight) This is actually hilarius."
I think the letters B and K in no particular order would disagree The last time we'll ever see someone lead every lap of a race.
That's a new pixel feature though And this is how you find out the hard way Google doesn't do customer support.
"I mean, if it was in 6.76, he would be right It wasn't always the case. When a friend of mine started he had no problem getting into games with similarly skilled players. For a very long time he thought Drow was one of the most OP heroes and that drow armlet was the way to go"
Dat ink resistance coming through HOW.. How am I not death..
"Oh man, lets all run over to the Xbox camp and moon them! ""Tomb Raider Definitive Edition has been demonstrated running at 60fps on PS4, making it the latest PlayStation game that boasts double the frame-rate as the Xbox One edition"""
"cool thanks, should be a fun night of farming. I used the Buried City the other day, there were two nodes right by the tunnel to the next area across from where the Vex are camped out on the roof top. It worked until I got sick of doing it lol."
A fate worse than cancer. And then get told by Make a Wish that the only team available for another 1 day contract is the 76ers.
yeah hes a bust Is Kerby Rychel a bust?
But Pettine said he holds all players accountable! This team makes me so sad.
He appears to be leaking some sort of fluid out of his belly button. Man does a CHAIR split while pressing 250 lbs of weights over his head.
Because robbing someone else of the opportunity is more fun Really? Why did you apply if you couldn't afford to go....
"Nah, he still thinks they use tokens Good thing he rides the bus. Thinking ahead, as usual."
"I really didn't think I needed to add one, but here you go: Eurovision isn't an EU thing, eurovision came before the EEC, which was the precursor to the EU. Also not all entries are in the EU, there were 42 entries this year and the EU has only 28 members."
"Well, this will be a popular comment Make America straight again"
"What, no death penalty? Mich. bills would make hacking electronic vehicle systems a felony, with life in prison"
"Everyone knows only guns kill people so obviously the story is false. Obama says no one uses bayonets. The story tell lied, and people died!"
"Seems like a safe place, I'm sure that'll never be a target. Muslim villagers donate money to build church for Christian community in Pakistan"
Uhh...NSFW? Fruity Date
"Your parents sound classy. I was the victim of something relatively similar (but more violent) in grade school. The school did nothing, my parents lied to me about what they did (because they did nothing), and I was made to feel like I was a filthy, sex attracting little scum. Please, do *not* let this get swept under the rug. And please, make sure your daughter (in spirit if not legally), gets the counseling, love, and hugs she needs. (My family stopped touching me after I was attacked: the sense that I was filthy was nearly literal.)"
"Busy news day for the colts finally! Colts hire John Park for football research/analytics. Park will assist in various efforts such as player evaluations, salary cap, coaching, and strength and conditioning."
But isn't [[Upgrade]] a rare card? This is literally what that reward used to be. The card is a potential upgrade.
"Dial needs to cut it out with the penalties in key situations. How did our ""future building blocks"" go against the Cards? How was Dial at OLB? How was Gabberts performance? Did our CB's perform to quality?"
But the media told me there was no proof! Poll: 13% of Illegal Aliens ADMIT They Vote
The hundreds of people who think they can write a better story than the writers of the show What is you favorite part about the RWBY Fandom? Mine is the fan art for sure
Where is everyone getting all these cool prism skins? Ying is beautiful as always
"He did a field install of q-tip props. How on earth did he take off again? Definitely easy to say that he shouldn't have initiated a go-around, but a central part of many pilots' training is building the instinct to put power in before climbing out, and in an adrenaline packed moment like that, it's easy to get the wires crossed. Not putting down the gears, however..."
"What a peasant, everyone knows you're born into it and don't become glorious. GUIDE ON HOW TO BE A PCMR MEMBER !"
Uhhhhhhhh everyone knows the cure for cancer is bananas with brown spots and weed. Just a thought..
Someone's looking to be banned. If Bernie wants to remove a track remove Monaco. There's newer &amp; better street tracks they're racing on anyway.
Too bad that will never happen in our lifetime I'd like Spider-Man to have a solo movie.
when you keep shouting tank mines just to alert Ching it's super effective The Chingtage
"That demographic is probably reading the Sun or the Daily Mail anyway. It may not appeal to you, but it will speak very clearly to a certain demographic."
"I can't decide which is worse: advocating for the death penalty, or claiming plagiarism over a four words in black text on a yellow background. Not Tumblr: ""Art"" student puts up gigangtic ""RAPISTS DESERVE TO DIE"" banner, another student files plagiarism claim because she made stickers with the same slogan"
"it would be a real shame if he resisted arrest, got shot, and died on route to emergency. ""Pierre Senatus is wanted on charges of sexual assault with a weapon, assault with a weapon, aggravated assault, failing to comply with judicial release conditions and eight gun offences, including using a firearm during the commission of an indictable offence and carrying a concealed weapon."" Talk about human garbage..."
"Meera isn't being suspicious at all... Episode Discussion: S01E13 ""The Cyprus Agency"" **Original Airdate:** January 27, 2014 *** **Episode Synopsis:** Red informs Liz an illegal adoption agency is responsible for a recent spate of baby abductions; Liz and Tom contemplate adoption."
But it's okay to make fun of Tom Cruise because he's a successful actor. Funny that in this thread we insult people for being short.
Who cares about this retired frame The syndana fix ruined the placement of the vaykor syndana on Loki Prime
hey Call of Duty is pretty much only for 10 year old girls. Well most video games target audiences aren't 10 year old girls.
"Your ludicrous pedantism aside, you managed to add nothing of merit to the discussion. No, actually, it's unsurprisingly more complicated than your sophomoric analogy."
"""So what, it's just sex"" OP, having sex with people you find unattractive is normal! My latest journey into OKC-Land!"
And more melee. And more gravity.
"I wish RandomRambo took FPL more seriously and communicated well, like these other guys Steel tks desi (on accident), desi reacts"
"early access done right Alright, can I just ask something? Maybe I am missing something here, so feel free to correct me, but is there any reason why journalists are getting to play new content before the general customers who paid for Early Access? The starvation for content is real, and journalists are getting to play it first? Am I the only one that sees a problem with this?"
"Yeah, holy fuck 100ml of 40% alcohol that's like 4 units you'd be basically paralytic. why would I not be able to stand without swaying after total of 4 shots?"
"Gather up le Reddit army, looks like its a downvote festival for a obvious How about you stop being grumpy?"
"Ooooh, that's it, my longdog is clearly half Azawakh because he's fawn and has a super-long neck! Or even better rare breed x rare breed."
"Because 7 men on the right side of the snapper caused Succop to miss that kick I don't normally agree with anything the Steelers say, but the officiating right now is garbage and yes, it cost them a spot in the playoffs."
Don't they? Cuck kid lives in nice suburbs and plays video games all day. Thinks all white people live that way.
"Its really convenient all these ""3rd party trolls"" just happen to target the people GG decide to hate, total coincidence nothing suspicious about it! Of course they fucking did it. No-one else cares about Veerender enough to do it. You have to be deep into this shit to even know his name, extra-ordinarily committed to GG to hold a grudge against him."
"There you go again... That we are a bunch of whiners. Really? Because you had an affordable college education, not drowning in debt, low interest housing loan, high wages, union protection, vacation time, affordable health insurance, steady and stable jobs...the list goes on and on."
"Dude, I support Trump too! All muslims should be noted for future deportation to their barbaric sweltering sandholes of origin."
Good thing news sources don't check Reddit. Was at Uptown last night and Todd Kelly Jr. Attacked a bouncer.
"This is why I don't trust the liberal white guilt agenda. As a black woman, I'm not sure if I should be offended or not."
What part of she was from the south didn't you understand? Seems like she was an idiot.
"Reported for abusing other users. Yes, you can say that because it is true."
Don't you know that it's okay when a Republican does it? So I take it all those Trump supporters hanging Hillary Clinton on a noose are all terrorists too?
"What you really need to take away is that it's all the fault of women, and in no way does our Nice Guy need to examine or alter his own actions and beliefs. I need help squaring these two contradictory ideas about women and the standards we apparently have. Do women have ridiculously high standards that no one but Chad can meet which is why no average nice guy gets a chance? OR Do women have no standards and terrible expectations which is why they don't recognize the quality of a nice guy and get conned by Chads?"
"at first i wanted to downvote you, but then i started reading the first letter of your comment then the 2nd and so on, until i read the whole thing, now i am torn between not doing anything and an upvote obviously Wtf is with this GW2 community anway, complementing people gets downvoted, everything gets kinda downvoted rofl"
"But look how much they helped! When your task force uses Barrage to take out power cells, then use the energy gained from that to bomb more power cells"
"I've never murdered anyone, but I guess there's a first time for everything! Not Every Day"
"yeah, but obviously this stat shows it's stupid to take a qb in the first round luck has three of those"
"7S 4 lyfe Just recently bought my wife a 6 after a long debate about a 6s or a 6. I was going to do the 6s and give her my 6, (she's not big into electronics and was more than happy with a 6) but in the end and after playing with the 6s I decided to save the $100 and just wait for the 7 for myself. I think the 6 will hold up fine in years to come. Plus the 6 went $50 extra off at Best Buy so it was even cheaper."
Yeah I hate it when girls don't let you call them a bitch Get a new one. It's not worth it. I promise you.
"Strawmen are what conservatives are all about. nope, your with them. Threatening people with violence who dont agree with you. thats what liberals are all about."
I don't understand why someone would pierce their nipples. I don't understand why someone would do this to their penis.
But what if Hillary's right and only white people are hard-working? Once again Bernie is right. Investing in low income communities is critical to ending the cycle of poverty. This should include equal funding of public schools and home ownership programs. It's also very important that we teach our youth about the wrongdoing that the Clintons have been doing for the past 3 decades or so.
Rare fish Which cards are better than their rarity indicates? Not including reprints.
"No you must cut the deficit and reduce investment into infrastructure, that is the only thing which helps a country out of a recession. When we had the recent financial collapse the govt. should have pushed for heavy investment in infrastructure. One of the easiest ways to help a country out of a recession."
you dropped your The lush forests of HS Thompson are still here after the update
"Yes because removing the only vested interest these idiots (English, French, and Russian alike) have is a good idea Rob Harris on Twitter: ""BREAKING: UEFA warns England &amp; Russia they could be disqualified from European Championship if there is further violence."""
Quick decipher the morse code. D.Va's MEKA hacked by Sombra mid competitive match
Babies! The snack that smiles back.
Buy the bags you rich prick. zip-locks on cereal bags
"You know guys and their uncontrollable urge to rape everything ever. I came out to my mother on Saturday, Come Monday I see this. Thanks for the support ma..."
I'm sure nobody expected this. Net Neutrality Ruling: FCC Adds Loopholes To 'No Fast Lanes' Rule
"Maybe if we make it like the Ai module for Ai turrets then it will be fair, balanced and fun for all! Perhaps a nerfed but automatic cobalt to balance against rocklet rifle + C4. Or perhaps a passive shield that can be certed, weaker than standard deploy shield but available to other sundie classes. Also, additional XP per ""spawn defense"" kills. Hell make it an objective to something."
"If I wasn't so narcissistic, I wouldn't have sciatica or spd I loved this when I was super pregnant with my first. It is a really nice perk. While I was pregnant with my first there was some circle jerk on an askreddit thread about how these spots were unnecescary and how people who have kids are narcissistic, etc. Etc. I almost pregnancy raged all over that thread."
"He sounds like a professional caster no time for sense of humour Hey, just wanted to say, I liked your casting, but in the quiet bits it sounds like you are struggling to find things to say. Would you consider doing a duo casting? I've got a good knowledge of the game, native English speaker, and a sense of humour."
"but i just gave you a 390 why would you want a 950 again D: Hey its me ur other brother, I could use a 950. ^^/^s"
"Sorry, should've finished with I wouldn't say ""insightful"". He completely missed the point that we're being overcharged for something that costs Bell Canada 2 cents to ""produce"" and ""deliver"". Bring the rates down to something more reasonable. THEN we'll talk about pay per use."
But...that 100% feedback... Scam it seems to me.
I think you dropped this: Not Mourinho's fault that Abramovic sacked him.
"Only if it was ""true legalization"" Think cannabis would be legal if every stoner over 18 actually voted?"
"Don't do cardio I workout first thing in the morning (wake up at 4:30a, 8oz sports drink &amp; BCAAs 4:45, workout at 5). I have the energy to push through on weights, but I've found that I don't have enough gas in the tank to do cardio. Is there anything I can do to make cardio days suck less?"
"It makes you press water twice, don't be too impressed. As a European visiting the U.S. this machine blew my mind"
"Oh, but you know - people treat you nicer, and have lower standards / expectations of you, and you can *always* get laid anytime you want. Don't you wish you could just give guys like that a week in a woman's body? Just so they could see what rape culture is like, and how it is to be criticized as a bitch just because you have strong opinions, or disregarded just because of your gender..."
ayyyyy lmao wtf lmao
Fucking Puritan assholes It's because some people sexualize breasts.
"Yeah, better to just let them die out It's just sad that they breed them in captivity..."
How dare you upload a photo in only 30 FPS don't you know that doesn't use all your ram? Equal Opportunity Murderers
"A ""snitler"" if you will... Lewis was a hot head and did grubby shit out of frustration fairly often, but he's (mostly) gotten rid of that aspect of his game in the last few years. Barring tonight I've honestly never thought of Hodge as dirty though, just a hard hitting tough player. Though according to this sub he's always been a sniper/hitler in disguise."
The horror. NBA Owners Approve Jersey Ads
losing rounds are usually good Losing that round was bad for liquid tbh.
"As an avid Europa Universalis player, I beg to differ! ""It is a fallacy that a prolonged war will weaken an occupied enemy."""
"Hey pal, if real politicians don't have one, then neither should you. There needs to be a ""are you sure?"" for denouncing; i just denounced someone by accident, instead of sending a delegation."
The two time loser Carly Fiorina isn't helping Lyin' Ted? Poll: Trump Winning California by 34 Points
"We all know this is BS because there's no way in hell Wal-Mart would ever give anyone 3 weeks of vacation, amirite? This happened to me 2 days ago (No one apparently got the memo)"
"leeto plz, vcog6x on deagle and rex Am I good now?"
"This should go well NYT: Donald Trump, Courting Vital Bloc, Is to Speak at Christian Forum"
You're just saying that cus the bengals end up with Hernandez. Yes.
"I just love this new age relationship logic. It's not solely a time based decision. It's based on the overall relationship, and where you are in your life. If you are stable and comfortable enough, then sure I can see how that would annoy someone. But if the situation isn't right, it's doesn't matter if it has been 3, 5, or 8 years. It simply may not happen. I don't know OP's situation so I can't make a judgement call."
"Its only fair for us to give more, not them. 40 of Obama's White House aides have neglected to pay their ""fair share"" of $333,000 to the IRS in back taxes."
You just don't know how hard it is to be a college educated white woman in the richest country in the world. I can't think of a single better photo that exemplifies what Hillary Clinton's candidacy is about. Oblivious middle-class white females finally taking their place in the world and putting the extensive real-world experience they got at liberal arts college to use.
"people tried to sell less for 20 bucks on steam... i don't see why you should not do the same Don't get your hopes up yet, this is just a messy little script for Unity that I just made. No real editor nor any features beyond what you can see."
"Shhh, that almost sounds like you're saying something positive about windows 8, and everyone knows that it is literally hitler. If you have Windows 8, it's built in as well."
The evidence is that the democratic party is fundamentally good so they must want what he thinks is good What evidence do you have that suggests the DNC wants single payer?
"Right because if a Republican was the President, democrats would all of a sudden be against airstrikes on IS. Not until another Republican gets elected."
"That's below freezing for your average Floridian. lolz, come to Chicago, it's finally getting into the 60s here."
"They need unions. Hey, look at that! Not only do Toyota Executives get paid a fraction of their US counterparts, when they underperform they lose bonuses and wages!"
We need another Union Royal Commission... Seven Network manager John Fitzgerald's assets frozen amid 'serious' fraud probe
"Yeah, it's not like they hire the best mathematicians and programmers on the planet... I'm sure those guys would never contribute to FOSS. FUD"
"Nah its a canvas Hey, that's awesome! Is it digital?"
"Yeah yeah, this climate blah-blah is a hoax, these are purely natural events just more in-your-face thanks to /reddit.... From Epic Fires to a 1,000-Year Flood: The Climate Change of Here and Now"
Look at all those terrorists Interior Ministry Troops of LNR
"Yeah I'm sure you'd be saying the same thing if you got shorted a custom unusual because thats just how life is, its not fair. just carry on in the knowing that you helped fixing a bug and dont demand from valve"
you didn't even give him a chance! How to scare a lady away (xpost from r/texts)
"So are we Americans, we just have no accents and a ton of freedoommmmm! Bah you're english once removed. Don't be picky."
If everyone had an axe this could have been prevented! German train 'axe attack': Many reported hurt
"I liked the part when she went into detail about how much she has to give to the right ""normal"" man and to the relationship. Huffington Post: Where Are the 'Normal' Men?"
"oh yes, SO NICE. This guy."
"Your entitled to disagree, but you're wrong! You're entitled to your opinion, but I respectfully disagree."
1 billion dollars How much is the city paying to have 3 cops on every street corner of Michigan Ave? All they do is stand around talking to each other and texting on their phones.
Unlike the expense of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. Growing anything takes land which is expensive.
"It doesn't count, they don't look alike. Exactly..."
That'll show them! Dear LulzSec
"Aaahahahahahahaha Crimea? haha Good one! Wait, you're actually serious, let me laugh even harder hahahahahah Please entertain us some more, and tell us how you think more BTR-3s will help Ukraine against 2nd best armed forces in the world..."
"Yeah because those things are exactly the same kind of thinking as Holocaust deniers. Yeah like those wackos who think Nixon was involved in Watergate, or the people who claim politicians only care about their campaign contributors and not the people who they're elected to represent."
Think of all the lives banning this flag will save. Confederate flag supporters rise up to defend embattled symbol
Blue Beetle who is the superhero in the center?
"But Black people don't have to use separate water fountains, racism is dead. Way too little has changed since then."
Europe for roman polytheists. And next... Europe will be for... This is how it starts.
I like his hair. Self-indulgent ass wonders why people criticize him
I guess it's pretty easy to lose something that you never really went to the Moon to get. TIL NASA has lost or misplaced more than 500 of the moon rocks its Apollo astronauts collected and brought back to Earth.
"............. Maybe you should get off your high horse and learn how to read. In case you hadn't noticed, that was English."
Naw man just shoot him with a bow outside the boss zone Pretty sure that feature isn't unlocked for Manus until you've died to him AT LEAST 100 times.
"They were probably racist I said the same thing when I masturbated on a playground, but the police didn't agree with me."
"Yeah, I'm sure that's the most obvious thing that gives it away. I thought TT disbanded."
"obv we need more cheap silence minions to counter it Feeling like mad scientist is waaaayy too broken right now. I dont know if its just me ,but when i see a mad scientist played in the early turns i just get dissapointed.This card is just ridiculous,and especially in the turns he activates (3-4), cards like mirror entinty and freezing trap can just win the game.I think that hes the current problem in the game,even more than Boom.He should be at least 3 mana ,this value is way too much to afford for me. Thoughts?"
"I hope ""the criminals"" don't realize that upgrading to iOS8 means ""the law"" can't touch them. FBI director says iOS and Android privacy features put users ""above the law"""
"You're taking those scriptures out of context! They'd have to change the cast each season, no one would survive for more than a season. Stone disobedient children, adulterers, rape victims that didn't scream, those who leave the faith, those that don't observe the Sabbath, for blasphemy, woman who isn't a virgin on her wedding night, etc..."
"This can't possibly be a joke, right? Only trend whores go from metal to punk."
Think it will become available as a free psplus game before Duck Dynasty? Gonna wait until this drops as free PS+ game
"How dare the judge interfere in this is praying away the AIDS campaign. Is India For Hindus Only, Judges Ask Nagpur Corporation, Run By BJP"
"Double play Strike out, just as great Don't anyone fucking say it about Plouffe. Don't you fucking dare. We don't need that to come true again."
Jesus wrote the Constitution! Can someone please explain this to me?
"No, I forgot that on the internet with billions of users, there are people who are indeed excited for that game therefore invalidating my claims or concerns He's talking about how we got two non main line Animal Crossing games that no one was going to be happy with."
"I mean it's probably fair use because they're not selling it right? Anyone answering a question about copyright law ever in any context. Every time I see someone try to explain that shit I literally face palm. I mean, shit, my graduate writing requirement is on copyright law and I don't even understand that shit enough to talk out my ass about it. Usually."
"Yes, I'm sure there are no outside pressures from Men in their family, etc. as long as both women are wearing what THEY want to wear, idc."
"Nah, I'm sure it's fine if a white woman wants to wear one. In France this kind of swimsuit is now forbidden because ""it's too Islamic""!"
"Racially oppressed? lol, you don't know what you're talking about. I'm a ""'murican"", but I'm not white. What does that make me?"
"Wow, he really put the ""offensive"" in ""Global Offensive"". Vuggo apologizes for using the word ""favela"""
He's unnamed so there's still a chance Dan Amboyer is just a drone pilot in BvS UC
"So what about a 1 hour 2mins flight? Cabinet clears new civil aviation policy; airfares capped at Rs 2,500 for 1-hour flights, 5/20 rule replaced"
"Duh, so our SOS is good enough for the playoffs. Why does UofM want us to win the Oregon game so bad?"
The same solid basis that brought Italy in the same alliance. Little known fact: A mutual fondness of punctuality was the entire basis of the alliance between Japan and Germany in WWII.
'merica ! 25% of firefighters call off sick one night. Man dies as ambulance takes 30-40 minutes to arrive. Man's family sent $780 bill.
Well Melo is clearly the better post player and his defense is second to none... My god...Melo at the 5?
So... she's done riding the dick carousel? Feels good man. :)
"Of course, but we NEEDED the human element, remember? At least with the BCS, so much of it was computer formulas and raw data, there was a chance for a G5 team. Now, we have a subjective committee that doesn't have to answer to anyone for their selections. The committee members know how much money is at stake for the CFP. Given a choice between a G5 and any blue blood...we all know who's getting the nod."
barra cual? barra ese.
"But but but if one man/woman does something stupid it *must* be a reflection on every other! I didn't see this as a gender issue at all, and am disheartened that people see it this way. This is unacceptable no matter what sex you are!"
Totally not photshopped at all Imaqtpie will shave his head if DIG loses
"But Warren Buffett says diversification is stupid! Why in the world would you put 80% of your portfolio into a single stock? I hope the lesson you learned here is about risk mitigation. You just gambled, not invested."
Time to break my arm Friend just got out the hospital. Sending him a get better present!
"It's sad that a pig is more interested in voting than the average American. 600-pound pig escapes from NH farm, tries to go vote"
"I'm sure that Dunford's supervisor will have a nice chat with him about the UCMJ's rules regarding moonlighting, and that he should still conduct himself in a manner that reflects the highest traditions and honors of the United States Army. Turkey files complaint accusing US army chief Gen. Dunford of plotting attempted coup"
"Only criminals and terrorists use cash - ban it and live free! Germany to make cash payments of more than 5,000 Euro illegal"
But he's too much of a competitor to leave the NFL... Harbaugh took less money to go to Michigan over Oakland
Didn't know the Wii U could run windows 10. Already on the rtm build!
Reddit is going to love this. HBO Orders #BlackLivesMatter Documentary Following #OscarsSoWhite Controversy
"Yeah, don't ruin it for the hackers guise! Well if you didn't want any money just don't take it.... Don't ruin it for those that don't want to grind for days for money..."
This is so interesting and relevant to this subreddit. My 6 month old son suplexed a train this morning
"No one was gonna say talk about that This is an OLD article, BTW. It talks about the upcoming movie 'Brokeback Mountain.'"
"Oh, but we're supposed to be wearing high heels when we wash those dishes, like June Cleaver. I'm just a little tall as a woman, and just today I had to go hunting for someone to help me get something off of a grocery shore shelf. The first three people who worked there that I found were all women, and all shorter than me, and one even tried to scale the shelves--I thought that was crazy, but she works there.... Find one guy, and yup, there's my product. I hate hate hate that the world designs everything for guy's height and reach, even when the thing is used mainly by women. (My Dad owned a high end furniture manufacture back when we had money, and he told me about the scale used for creating comfortable furniture--designed for an average man--including men's torso to leg/arm proportions--of 5 foot 10 inches or so. Yes, there's a reason why women just ache after a few decades of trying to function in a disproportioned world. (My current annoyance is kitchen counters and sinks. I have to lean in to rinse dishes, straining my lower back. My husband can stand straight up to do the same chore. The counter is at the right height for him, the faucet for the sink is comfortably far away from his body, etc etc etc. Who does the dishes usually? ..... And remember, I'm a bit tall for a woman.)"
"Ah yes, Zarya's shoot at the ground to run away quicker mobility, best escape But due to the nu-meta of Symmetra/Torb/Bastion comps (Who all have higher winrates than Roadhog, I might add), Roadhog gets screwed the most in those chokepoints due to his lack of mobility options. Every other motherfucking tank has an escape of some kind"
Crazy how we this did not become a done deal NYR makes proposal to the 2022-23 TBL; Derek Stepan and a 1st round pick for Steven Stamkos
"I'm sure Anita has never heard of Simone de Beauvoir before because she's soooo obscure With scholarship that rigorous, that poster could write for an intellectual giant like TheRalphReport someday. I am terrified that they will take on Anita and utterly destroy her by naming more philosophers and regurgitating biographies from wikipedia. :("
"Yeah because calling out the media will definitely get him more air time If Sanders would have called out Clinton for getting rich off politics, being funded by the media in the middle of the debates, getting foreign money and money from bankers, then he would have more screen time. Instead he defends Hillary for her crimes and goes on to try and convince the world that free college and climate change are the biggest issues in the world. He is sabotaging himself by playing along with the establishment."
"You see, ""anger"" isn't a ""feeling"" because ""feelings"" are feminine: ""Honestly most men just don't have many feels"" (u/AbsoluteShame, 2016) But anger is masculine, so clearly it's not a feeling. If most dudes don't have that many feels, can you explain the higher rates of suicide and violent crime among men?"
"NO GET YOURSELF TO A HOSPITAL RIGHT NOW Normal to feel this after deadlifts? My lower back and forearms are both sore after deadlifts, is this normal?"
"No, he just missed the You've completely missed their point."
"yeah, I totally beleive you viceland are idiots who largely just encourage people to make a bunch of shit up and report whatever idiocy is poured into their ears by the first junkie hounding for a fix or pathological attention seeking liar they can find."
"Yes, that's right, now bow down to your noble king. So you feel superior to other people because you play heroes that you consider to be weak? How noble of you to make that choice. Your self sacrifice means so much."
If he is indicted the whites will riot. The media's gonna be pissed if the GJ returns a bill of indictment. I wonder if they'll have plants in the crowd to start off riots in that case.
Just so he can get in there and stick his dirty dick inside the women... wait a minute... People who support the bathroom bills do not consider trans identities to be genuine. In their eyes a trans woman is a deluded man who crossdresses and pumps himself full of foreign chemicals so he has access to women's spaces.
We're only persecuting her because she's a woman Another collusion email with superpacs and Donna Brazile
"Oh boy, here we go again... So Kevin Harvick to the 5?"
Brett Favre is excellent in this show. Longmire (2012) - A gruff old school sheriff from rural Wyoming butts heads with the local Native American police as he tries to solve heinous crimes and deal with his sordid past. Netflix purchased the series from A&amp;E and is releasing a new season in September.
"Because it's like, I don't know, a gigantic ball of explosive putty? ""Extreme sloping"" doesn't affect HESH since the round almost completely normalizes."
"Naw man the real way to succeed is to spend all of your time at general assembly trying to build consensus. Bill Moyers: ""I don't think Occupy Wall Street will have the influence they want unless they do what the tea party did and take over the nominating process. Unless they do, they will never have the satisfaction that they want and that the civil rights movement, say, had back in the 1950s and '60s."""
All that LA squad utility. SUIT's Infographics/Player Guide
"Hey man, if you hate the ghostbusters remake, you're automatically sexist. Good thing they will never remake great comedies like Ghostbusters. That would be a shitty idea for sure."
"Sounds like a nice place Americans are such pussies, holy shit try that scream here and you'll get the shit kicked out of you."
I thought PCs were way cheaper and more cost effective than consoles. The struggle..
"Wow 9 threes, scrubs. The Warriors made 9 threes last night, ending their record streak of 16 consecutive games with 10+ 3PM (next best was the Mavs with 11 in 1996). GSW has hit 8+ threes in a record 38 consecutive games (next best current streak is 6 games)."
That's how you learn and grow. On the contrary every time I see a vegan post I I thought it no matter what it may be
"""It didn't go far enough!"" TPP was a shot at a progressive trade agreement."
"Yeah because we'll really get things done with trudeau As a canadian I wish I could donate to this man's campaign. Our federal elections are only days away, if we can get Harper out and you guys get Sanders in, it could drastically change things in NA."
"Yeah, those George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Benjamin Franklin cats were just a bunch of posers! America was built by slaves and immigrants that didn't speak English."
Leslie Jones is unfunny. Unpopular SNL opinions?
But it's central Florida! It's more central then Orlando
All accurate thumbnails for sensational content is clickbait So all content is click bait? Flawed definition.
"Water = Purple (probably) Water = Deep (Sometimes) Therefore, Purple = Deep What's with all the purple words?"
"Yeah, I'm sure that's is the only country he's heard of. Holy fuck what a high and mighty thing to say. Ever heard of US? Germany? Sweden? Austria? England? Cuba? Australia? New Zealand?"
"Yes, one cannot truly understand algebra without first accepting that Muhammad was the last prophet of God. If Atheists could have done away with midieval Islam - they would have also done away with Algebra."
"Hey she still cares about the people of Flint. That's horrible, Clinton machine doesn't care about them, just another proof they ""care"" about it only for political gain, they'll forget about it as soon as election is over if not before."
"Probably, but they all want to undermine democracy, right? do they not realize how many Muslim women exist that want to participate in the electoral system?"
"Don't worry, that arts or gender degree they are probably getting will open so many doors. Seriously - you're 18yo and going off to college.. and you're going to get that offended over comic-book depictions of sex? How the hell do you think the rest of your life is going to go?"
"Gots me a Viper, awww yiss. Black Friday Special - Venom GT #ITS GOLD KEYS Spending gold keys? Wanting to wallow in regret? Wanna get lucky? Post all the 3-star cars your get from your gold crate here. #Or you know, maybe you get lucky. ;)"
I'm shocked New study shows being a vegetarian is cheaper than eating meat
It's because anyone who points out any negative superficial thing about any woman is a small dicked virgin neckbeard living in his mother's basement! Why is it when someone posts in image of some kind of stupidly small dick everyone laughs and no one bats an eye but when someone posts an image of a big lipped vulva then *that* is a problem? Hmmm
"Don't you mean November 29th. He's a complete failure in business, just like he is in politics. Watching his horrible racist supporters cry on Novemeber 9th will be the greatest thing ever."
Because it froze to death right. True. My St. Bernard would lay out in the snow banks for hours at a time. He loved it. Couldn't get him to come inside.
What's wrong with a nice cool bowl of plain sour yoghurt in the morning? This is not what breakfast should be.
"Yea, I can't see anything bad/wasteful coming from someone taking shrooms and MDMA for their first time together! Don't listen to reddit. If you have guides, let them guide you. If you were to come to me for your first time, I'd make sure you have a great experience. As soon as you drop the ball, and refuse a dose of any substance, you're not on the same level as the rest of the crew, and your experience might be compared to being in a room full of retards. Jump in, the water is great."
Because jokes that acknowledge normal human needs or instincts are bad and immoral. I don't even know! Why would anyone downvote this?
"Psh, I get a game for one day and it's played for 25 hours Not to brag, but I've had it for 4 days and it has 34:19 play hours. I'm kind of a big deal."
Should've had one of the kids smoking weed. Flying High
"Yeah, but don't give me shit when I actually try to make threads I'm on vacation B)"
"yeah, that carr has won too many games for the raiders for them to pick up winston Damn it feels good to say no"
"'cause we haven't learned anything or improved any of our technology since the 70s yes climate change is real and needs to addressed, but it has been blown out of proportion, look at what climate change advocated were saying in the 70s and 80s most of their fear mongering didn't come true, the debt is something we live with everyday due to overspending, and i for one do not want to leave the next generation in trillions in debt,"
"Racism was invented by sjws and white guilt It's not that they don't care about *""SJW stuff""*, the Japanese are notoriously racist. The know it, and they are somehow proud of it. I've lived in white western countries and in Latin American countries(where I'm from), and I'll have you know that in these non-white Latin American countries, they are well aware of racism, and they try to avoid it, so no, it's not only *""white-guilt""* led could tries that care about ""*SJW stuff*"" . God, it feels awful to talk like you."
"Just for the sake of noobs, this comment needs a The cotter pins that come in the kits are optional you dont need to put those in..."
"Yes, freedom of the press is the same thing as mass government censorship. It works pretty well in the U.S. Though instead of banning info we crank the media coverage on bullshit up to 11 so important things get missed/ignored."
"Probably NSA. Red light near camera on iPhone 5S during the night. I was using my phone right now (Reddit of course) during the night and all the lights in my room were off. There seems to be a red light coming from my phone on the front facing/FaceTime camera. [There's the camera, then a speaker under it, and then another circle next to that] The light is coming from that circle. Any answers are welcome as this is pretty freaky. Sorry if it appears vague as I didn't really know how to explain this."
"Can you tell me more about how disgusting I am....I mean it is? Probably a human furniture fetish, actually. It is so disgusting when people try to trick others into helping them with their fetish."
sylvannus Nerf or nothing! What gods in the game right now should be nerfed?
"I don't know, this still sounds like a failed bank robbery from what I read from unsourced reports on Twitter that happen to reinforce my worldview. Planned Parenthood Shooting Suspect Made Comment About 'No More Baby Parts'"
"The great ones find a way. Some people make a big deal about him not putting up 30 like he was in the previous series, but when a teams soul purpose is to not let you shoot the ball and you still get 20+ that's pretty impressive. You could argue that the Cavs put more attention on Curry than the Warriors do on Lebron."
"Where's the damn bot when you need it? ""Sorry, this video is not available in your region"" I'm sorry I thought this was the world wide web."
Roslindale isn't in the city anyway How so?
"Yes, that's exactly what I'm trying to defend, I mean it's obvious. who are you trying to defend? your pride as a supporter of babykilling?"
Right because on DUI at 21 is indicative that a 35 year old who wants to get a pilot's license is a significant risk. Well maybe certain mistakes should be forgivable but I'm not sure DUI is one.
"Yeah, because women can't do additions So that's why they made it more difficult to delete tanks in the last patch."
I'm sure all of these people are Xenophon supporters and not members of the ALP or LNP Xenophon still deciding on preferencing after anti-Greens backlash. The South Australian Independent Senator Nick Xenophon says he has been swamped with calls by supporters not to preference the Greens in the federal election.
"Why, No Man's Sky was great. Given how 2016 has been a great example of how shitty over hyping is, I will observe this with little optimism but just enough that it might surprise me."
"No they are just softening him for the season. It became real easy to pick up on the media narrative because Houston gets no media attention. It'll be a lot harder for people to shit on Lin in LA. Look at it, the kids been here a week and Sportscenter/ESPN already joking around with him."
"She's right, it's EXACTLY the same because ""Everybody LEAAAAVES ME!!!!"" So, my mom finds out she has to get our dog put down..."
Just like Saudi king He's a reformer. He has to do something to keep the country moving forward.
"Clearly the domestic spying laws don't go far enough to be effective. What does the NSA have to say about this? WHAT HAPPENED GUYS?! THIS IS WHY YOU NEED TO SPY ON US, RIGHT?!?!"
"Yeah, parents never help their kids do anything. Tell me more about that website you made at the age of 8."
"And everybody knows you can't have a talk about institutional racism until there is no more black on black violence, duh. Bill Clinton Knew Exactly What He Was Doing With That Tirade Against Black Lives Matter: ""He is an opportunist who has consistently used black people as pawns to climb the political ladder."""
"Here's a downvote for just opening your mouth. It seems especially bad with the CoD subs. I came from the Smash/gaming subs. In Smash, you'll get downvoted for saying something really dumb, and here, I get downvoted just for asking a real question."
"Dude check your databooks, straight foward punch is a S-Rank forbidden technique, second to none of kakashi's techniques. Really Kakashi... You're in Obito's dimension, free to take a cheap shot without Obito realizing what you're able to do... Maybe you could use one of those very few techniques that you've created... Maybe someone else's technique, such as the rasengan... Heck, you could even just pull out a kunai and take a good stab at Obito... And your choice of attack is to punch him?"
"But he opposed the Dirty capitalistic US in Cuba and other countries so he is all good! He also hated lgbt and black people, burned books, and loved killing. He isn't a good role model for most communists either."
Listening with my ears tends to work for me How do I listen to lp9? I actually don't know how. All in one day?? One per day? In silence? Throughout my day? I definitely need someone else's method.
Feel. I feal like it can help some peeple.
"""And, in other news, Himmler announced they'll only be killing 3 million Jews this year."" Its so true. But some are going to say ""well, it's a good change though. Now not as many people are affected."" I know this, cause I've already heard it."
"I prefer ""our pork-eating friends"" Well, I better start being offended when people use the phrase ""our Chinese friends"""
"i guess i should've used Actually, the Chiefs were really good with Montana, and the Chiefs have way more talent now than they did then."
"Wow, poor kid, anyone should know fuck is a really dangerous word! Yogscast F-Bomb"
Minor details... that and if they hadn't had lied to me for nearly 4 months say it would just be two weeks more.
The feminist cabal always plays the long game! Easily disprovable. FH's expose cited a number of illegal images 8chan had been hosting since prior to august 2014.
But Miss Harvey is a 5x world champion She is hot af and doesn't have the air of entitlement like other female personalities in the scene have. (cough cough miss harvey)
Pics or gtfo TIL goats have tits
"Yeah, because that was what he was asking. In terms of drug use and abuse? Yes. In fact, I would say that he is the only one that has been suspended for drug use, continues to use drugs and still has the same job."
Those things suck. It's one thing to hate my football team. But to hate on my academic institution and city is different
"Censorship is fine as long as you censor the people I don't like. No kidding, but maybe they can feel okay with it when it's ""their side"" doing it."
"I mean Scott is an allstar game captain and mvp after all, clearly better than Sid Let's not get ahead of ourselves"
Dicks out for Buscombe Sauber recruits former Haas strategist Buscombe
Because that'll totally help Can we nuke them yet?
"Well, what if Canada attacks us? Cut PBS, cut education, cut unemployment, but make sure we have more prisons, tanks and highways!"
Next year everything will be better Please forgive Christopher Pyne. He is still a novice and will improve with time. He will then be competent in making statements without being discovered and proven misleading. In the mean time just let him gabble on and on and when the election comes make sure you end his misery for good.
"Toma, te falto: Pero las reformas no sirven de nada."
"To be fair to Milbury, I'm sure the mouthguard was a major negative influence. I'm pretty sure OP just literally made up that ""opinion"" now because he couldn't think of an unpopular opinion. **Obligatory Blackhawks Compliment:** Patrick Kane appears to have taken big steps to becoming a more mature person on and off the ice, I believe it's leading to him having such a phenomenal season and will be a big step towards him truly becoming one of the best of the best. Alternatively, if you listen to Mike Milbury, it's purely because he's no longer chewing on his mouth guard. (Sorry guys, I was away.)"
"No, I thought that my dream was very realistic all along and achievable. No it's just that your point of view is unrealistic."
"No, no, his job is to try to trick some atheists in America, but they're to clever for him and see right through him. Aside from administering the largest denomination of the largest religion in the world?"
"Just do what they do and level to 55 in normal docks I am pretty sure, I would never get past Dominus on HC. Specially with a melee evasion build"
"He coulda lined up as DB, his fault he couldn't see the future True, but football is a team sport. I'm pretty sure Larry Fitzgerald deserved a ring in 2008. Was there anything he could've done to stop Santonio Holmes catch the game winning TD? I don't think so."
missed the pure shit ruined the series 0/10
"Yes, personality is 100% environmental why? it's mainly HER fault she raised a piece of shit human"
"One word: Satellite Internet Which is better? I'm thinking of swithing my internet provider from at&amp;t to comcast. If you guys have any suggestions one what if i should switch or what i could switch to, that would help alot. Thanks!"
"Yeah, because the baton is the good part. Watch the whole video. OP only used the bad part."
"You forgot your Well, she's wearing the uniform of a SJW and those stupid psychopaths are worthy of contempt. So, I understand, as should she and others."
That twist at the end really makes for one of the greatest stories I've read all year. NBA VS NFL
So movies can't make kids more mature? If the movies make them grow up then they're kinda not kids' movies
"Implying that that's ""real rock"" since it was made after 2000. Dubstep? I wonder what his reaction will be when he finds out Skrillex used to be a rock artist. Google ""From First to Last"""
Grats.....Alliance scum For the Alliance... of two WoW players! Our wedding cake was better than we imagined.
"Um.. you are aware that if you roll under your stat you fail the epic win, right? Came to give extra props for the Crown bag. save vs. epic win =)"
"Yes, he has been so nice to her. I can never root for Shelby with how mean she sounds when she's talking about Justin..."
Damn fail divisions Every team needs a Mascot.
Yeah journalists are notoriously well payed. On wads of cash that Murdoch gives them probably.
I wonder how long before he posts a field report on how AWALT on TRP and how he can prove feminist bitches secretly love the alpha cock Received an OKC message from this guy that pretended to be interested in strong-minded women and proceeded to write me a creepy rape threat.
I wish I was set for life too. NICE! I wish I have this and Seara
"They were all just false flags. All the drone strikes were for show, clearly."
"Source? Lebron wore shoes too. In fact, I believe everyone did."
At least our characters aren't all white males How the community handles Christmas: Blizzard vs Valve edition
"Yeah but if he were a girl, we wouldn't be able to say that because we'd be victim blaming. Reverse the genders, then tell me if your sister going back to this guy after he went after her with a crowbar made sense. Abuse is abuse."
Probably the best super delegates that her money can buy... Actually something had changed. AP found 20 unbound supers who (probably under condition of annonimity) said they would be voting for Clinton. It's not particularly surprising since after PR voted yesterday there were rumors that Clinton had 40 more super delegates that hadn't commented and she'd asked them not to until after the 7th.
"Yah... the RS5, RS6 and the R8 are such a bad cars. Any Audi. If I'm getting luxury car I'm not getting a tarted up VW that looks like it was penned by the average elementary school student."
"Wrong -Breitbart One thing about Obama, he is a likable guy."
They're stuck in black screen trying to respawn.. There rolling over while missing in action!
Yeah it would be a shame if the patient in OP's story lost use of his lower extremities. Because they aren't able to adequately assess possible injuries due to intoxication. We also board people with distracting extremity fractures or other injuries for basically the same reason.
"Yes but all that hardware is like 8-9000 $ and you need to upgrade every year so consoles still win! And here I am playing a game on one screen, watching a movie or TV show on another. My next upgrade (I now work for an IT seller so it will be even cheaper) will be to upgrade to 3 monitors so I can watch TV, Play a game, and browse reddit all simultaneously. Oh and I still do all this while I stream a movie to my living room for my step-daughter to chromecast."
"Hey, good friend ;) Thank you for the info.=) Kind of sad to see this promotion go. I really liked gifting these as they seemed to generate much more excitement then the Aurora Anniversary packs I have gifted."
"Yes, that's EXACTLY what he's saying... So you are telling me mitt Romney had the same opportunities to succeed as an Iranian immigrant"
"Thanks for the notification Topps! The 10k 10 pack is available again until 8:40am ET Bought a few to help replenish my trading stock, only got one green tho."
Breasts are only appropriate when Femen does it. Good to see. I wonder if they were deemed inappropriate for being anti-male or for showing cartoon breasts.
"Yeah, I know, should have added a ...the kind that works out 5x a day 6x a week."
"FaZe are going to lose to dT just so they can say OpTic still hasn't beat them on lan... Elevate has to be heart broken right now. It was in their hands, especially that uplink. Finally going to get to see FaZe vs OpTic on LAN, assuming OG beats LG and FaZe beats dT"
What you mean your hair doesn't just fall out when you get cancer? especially since she wore a head scarf to cover her bald head... even though she wasn't going through chemo... she has some very dumb/gullible roommates.
"But he was in that dumb and dumber movie! As long as Cam Neely is Cam Neely, he will escape any criticism from the fan base because he is Can Neely. I personally am not a fan of the guy as a hockey executive."
"Maybe Xpecial taught him. This is all I see as well. Guy is also the epithome of the passive agressive ""I fucked up but I won't say it that way and I'm REALLY PISSED but won't say a word about it"". So he's all like... Do major misplay. Get killed. Feed double buffs. ""Mid laner summoners CD."""
"Dad confirmed Zakir Naik ""Dad, why is the sky blue?"" ""Oh you see son, in the Holy Qur'an it says..."" *rolls eyes*"
Be drafted What can't women do in today's society?
"Yeah I would love to get one Pakpak every 2 days rather than saving up to get any of the totally not good spheres that are available. ""Pakpak is hard to get"""
"no but Bridgewater is so much better @JoshDubowAP on Twitter: ""Derek Carr on 3rd down: 20 for 28 246 yards, 2 TDs, 0 INTs 122 rating. He had 76.3 3rd down rating as rookie #Raiders"""
"Just like the MUSLIMS! Democrats are tolerant, non-violent, and articulate."
"You dropped your I really don't believe that. It's just a meme I've been noticing. I can't believe people think it was a conspiracy. I've met people that truly do though, probably thanks to that Zeitgeist movie."
"We Back! Take the East, Florida. Fuck Tennessee."
"I know, it's not cinematic at all. the 60fps looks really bad, though. :/"
"Uh, no, bro, we have to throw a fit about it and block them even if it makes them wreck because road rage affects everyone but me. I always let those guys in and continue on my way. They really didn't slow my commute too much and it's not that big of a deal to me. It's rush hour anyway, it's not like anyone is going anywhere fast. I find my drive is much better if I don't let someone who is in a bigger hurry than me get on my nerves. I let them get ahead of me and weave through the traffic all they want; they're no longer a bother after a few minutes anyway because they're gone."
"Wow I'm so spooked I may not ever sleep again, I'm so happy this was upvoted so I could see it! What the..."
"unless they're op, like captain's parrot and novice engineer Blizzard will highly avoid changing cards, for no apparent reason."
But Wilt wouldn't be as great in today's NBA. Chamberlain's one-step vertical jump.
"Too controversial for HBO, but it should do great when sponsored by Tide laundry detergent. HBO balked at it: ""HBO announced in November 2006 that they commissioned Mark Steven Johnson and Howard Deutch to produce a television pilot. Johnson originally planned ""to turn each comic book issue into a single episode"" on a shot-for-shot basis. ""I gave [HBO] the comics, and I said, 'Every issue is an hour'. Garth Ennis said 'You don't have to be so beholden to the comic'. And I'm like, 'No, no, no. It's got to be like the comic'."" By August 2008, new studio executives at HBO decided to abandon the idea, finding it too stylistically dark and religiously controversial."""
"""But..but she invested so much in the relationship..."" Divorce case: women wins 80% of the assets despite no children in the marriage and the husband having earned the majority of the wealth - feminists where are your protests now?"
He's sorry though guys. Donald Trump once said himself that his views on women disqualify him from 'running for political office'
"If you lived in a 3rd world country, you'd be much kinder to animals Some dogs stop and bark. Some dogs jump and bite. To say all dogs stop and bark is silly. I am not justifying this officers actions, but to say he wasn't in a dangerous situation from your presumption that all dogs just 'act tough' is ignorant."
"You're right, they should fire everyone and start over Dude...fsu is one of the top 3 recruiting schools in the country. You can't lose like that with that amount of talent. Worse loss in school history during a time when we have some of the best talent. You can't just write that off as ""oh well, rough game not our year."" There is a serious problem with our coaching staff for this kind of loss to happen."
It's easier to deport stacked caskets I suppose. This is the kind of thing deportations are needed for.
I'm gonna try this with a triple a and see if I can the FDA to regulate those pesky alkalines. Loose battery in your pocket + coins in the same pocket = BAD FUCKING IDEA
"No, she's African-American, therefore she CANNOT be racist. Mental issues AND Racism?! It's a double whammy!"
"... But I want the university to render extrajudicial punishments without much work on my part! I understand wanting universities to do more, but over and over again it is the same story -- they have a very difficult time doing anything if you have not used the legal system in such cases. Report assaults to the local police department. Report them as well to the university, but you have to report them to the police department. Get everything on record. Get a restraining order against someone if they have assaulted you. NOW the university can do something to help you, because you have done the right things in the legal system."
"But speaking in English is a sign of intellect and being elite, isn't it ? A test for brown sahibs"
"Now we talk about Italian immigrants ? Tony Madafferi, alleged mafia don, fails to suppress information about alleged plot to kill murdered lawyer Joseph Acquaro"
"Well they're obviously not *real* Christians then. This is a Catholic and Orthodox thing, all Protestants I know don't fast on Fridays."
"[Fuck OFF Dude!] As the big day nears... I notice so many of you are posting :)s. Everyone is being so kind to each other. 'Man', 'dude', and 'brother' is being passed around a lot. This subreddit is just such a happy place. I am excited to finally play the game. But I am beyond excited to play it with all of you, come October 1st. It has been such a fun ride. I'm going to miss experiencing this hype, and getting excited with everyone over screenshots and videos. I'm going to miss this a lot. Los Santonians, meet me back on Reddit when GTA 6 is announced! :)"
The solution was s1mple. Since losing s1mple liquid have won 4 out of the last 20 offline maps
Oh yeah that corn is real hard to come by these days..... Theaters lose a lot more business to their pricing then they realize. But at the same time they are more or less forced to overprice the food because of dick distributors.
"No, it must be his inferior southern religious fashion sense that would make him want to wear that out in public. I think they're riding pants. They protect your legs from the exhaust of the motorcycle/atv."
too soon? inner FODDER*
"Michael Jordan flu game That's the thing about ultra-high-performance athletes, though. In order to get their record-setting performances, their entire body is like a finely-tuned racecar. One small system or function performing at less-than-peak can throw the entire system out of line. ESPECIALLY the immune system."
"How dare you use so many periods, of to the executioner with you Sorry I was doing some serious multi tasking at the time."
"Yeah, just make your brain comprehend math better! Adapt and acquire skills that pay highly today."
"JEEESUS blizz, glad I'm playing beta can't wait to play full release Did patch 1.5 fuck up unit pathing? My units seems especially retarded lately. not sure if me"
see me in melee This is the Monado's range
Gee I hope so can't imagine what life would be like without checks! Are bitcoin checks and credit cards possible? Is it possible to make?
"It's a money trap get out while you still can As a horse girl, :("
"3 January 1521 For those here who think that the Church fell into apostasy, when do you think it happened?"
But it's still Obama's fault. Rememeber when proposed taking grandma off medicare so she could get a $1000 medical voucher? This guys evil.
Use a magnet I am an idiot. I was thinking of ways to make the sand go down faster by quickly spinning it in a circle or something.
Depends on your allowance I guess $150 a year is a lot?
"buh... I got 550 dollars back from the carbon tax dismissal! Australian economy 'sliding down the precipice', says JP Morgan"
"Found the Commie. If I ever go to a sporting event where the national anthem or pledge is made, I do not stand up and I do not sing/pledge along. Not out of spite or disrespect, but because it's nationalist shit that's been going on for way too long. I can be proud of my country and not have to proclaim my love of America every time I go to a baseball or hockey game."
"Because we need to be taking steps backwards with our drinking laws. I think you missed the part where it says ""during large public events"""
"Obvious shill is obvious. Klik hose already paid for itself! So I got the hose on Saturday, been breaking it in since then. Yesterday I went over to my buddy's house and took my hookah. Now I forgot how big his dog was since I rarely see him. Bam! 10 minutes into the session the dog jumps on me and my life flashes before my eyes as I think of the hose pulling the hookah onto my lap. The Klik hose saved my hookahs life! Money well spent in my book."
"Yeah, cause ""trickle down"" economics was such a huge success Trump will grow the economy like Reagan, says adviser Peter Navarro"
What isn't rape? a haircut denied is a haircut raped.
Why would anybody do it for any other reason? There seems to be an idea - and I've heard it on Reddit as well - that if you are a musician you are mainly doing it in hopes of becoming rich and famous some day.
They're going broke so they need more money for their services Verizon Introducing $20 Fee for Installment Plans?
This is why we use I get the sarcasm so have an up vote :)
"But if we evolved from archaic human in Africa 200,000 years ago, where are they now? Probably the most effective paragraph in ""The Story of the Human Body"" by Daniel Lieberman"
"He forgot the I cheat because I don't have the time to get better at the game. Who cares if I get banned, I can just buy the game on another account, not really a issue. Unless you have personally hacked, you don't know how fun it is to be able to know exactly where the enemies are and to be able to headshot the enemy every time. One of my favourite things is denying the fact I'm hacking, and trying to hide it. It becomes a game within a game which is pretty fun. Who cares that I'm shit at the game when I can use hacks to wreck good players :P"
Origins and MotD remakes confirmed! There's also a map of Mob of the Dead in the underground area.
"I feel safer already. Police Officer - Bismarck, ND"
"Islamaphobes, obviously It can't just be me"
"Facebook is going to settle the Palestinian-Israeli conflict too Iranians respond to Israeli Facebook initiative: Israel, we &lt;3 you too"
*could of Could've filed for a divorce or something shortly after too.
"Amazing, isn't it... TIL that chronic conditions cost the exact same as relatively short term injuries."
"Yeah, just likes she's always been against the TPP ! She wants to invest in solar and other renewables, make community college free, raise taxes on the highest brackets, 12 month paternity leave, etc"
"Vert stabs will be for arty week Mediums should be getting V. Stabs, not GLD."
If they can smoke weed they can't be that bad! And in one fell swoop the bulk of Reddit is now pro-North Korea.
Informed = Reads the Guardian. Democracy requires an informed electorate
Teachers want to make politicians' jobs dependent on GDP scores. Politicians Want to Make Teacher's Jobs Dependent Upon Test Scores. What Could Possibly go Wrong?
"Surprised to see Suarez in here! Who Is The Most Disliked Player In Each League? Simple debate. Obviously that players own fans will like him, but generally speaking, who is the most disliked player in the Premier League, La Liga, Bundesliga, Serie A, Ligue 1, MLS etc.?"
"I bet they're pretty good TIL Will Smith's wife, Jada Pinkett Smith is the lead singer of a Heavy Metal band called Wicked Wisdom"
Man up and stop being so uptight. that's called sexual assault my guy. good idea to distance yourself from her.
Worked for the Dreamcast I think it is because a charging port on the bottom might not be a good idea.
"1) Raise taxes 2) Restrict firearms and add big fire arms taxes 3) increase entitlements 3) problem solved ""The people of Detroit are taking no prisoners. Justifiable homicide in the city shot up 79 percent in 2011 from the previous year, as citizens in the long-suffering city armed themselves and took matters into their own hands."""
Are you sure these aren't just 2008 - 2009 Jakks WWE figures? Found these beautiful knock-off WWE figures in B&amp;M (discount shop in the UK)
LIEK ERMAGAWD A TEENAGE BOY WATCHING PORN HE MUST BE POSSESSED BY THE DEVIL. It's part of growing up. :)
"How will you discern between mili grams and, o so, popular mega grams this way? I was afraid this might be the case. It's so odd that they wouldn't offer capitalization when that's usually the standard for engineering drawings."
"You're just not smart enough to grasp how profound that would be. Man, I'm gonna be pissed if it turns out the Ecuadorian Embassy was purgatory all along."
What's a doggo? Thats a doggo.
"b-b-but...they have KSSN so it's ok Korea has Gameguard, seems to work well for them!"
Women have always been the primary victims of male circumcision. Circumcision is white male privilege and should only be discussed through patriarchy (says feminist)
"Here, you dropped this: **FUCK** suarez. He is **NOT** good enough for Barca. It doesn't matter if you can score 3 against Cordoba if you can't score clean through goals in important matches. Fucking get rid of him."
"This must have been part of his secret, secular plan to make Islam look bad. The Orlando shooter reportedly gave his wife access to his bank account before the attack, and now she's missing"
"No the game is just fucking awful, not worth the money at all, this is actually a sub about hating on borderlands Should I get Borderlands? Huge fan of the style of battleborn, and enjoy it a lot more than the other similar games out there like overwatch. Should I get borderlands series to co-op with my wife? What similarities do the two share?"
"Unions did wonders for Detroit... more of that Hundreds of striking Verizon workers held a candlelight vigil outside their CEO's mansion, hoping to draw a stark contrast between the contract demands of blue-collar workers and the quality of life enjoyed by the company's execs"
"She can count to potato, she smart! Even saying basic knowledge would be an understatement. Whats worse is she has had articles up on sites like Rock Paper Shotgun, a PC Gaming website. She has tweeted *""they think the processor tweets were serious""* but I have my doubts on that..."
"No, it was dropped by the twelve B2 stealth bombers the US sold to the rebels. Any proof that it was the regime that dropped it ?"
Halo Combat Evolved No. Why what does your vote go to? I liked that the gave Chief more character development. Made you feel for him
"Yeah, resorting to violence to reach liberation from opression is always wrong. I mean bombing a person's car doesn't exactly make them the good guys..."
"Love it when my team locks double hanzo double genji Why do people choose a hero if someone else already selected it? It makes no sense to me. I get it if you want to have two of the same support, or the whole team is playing one hero, sure whatever. But when Someone picks an offense or tank hero, pick someone else please. Every person that I've seen purposely choose a duplicate hero has performed very poorly, so I don't understand why people do it. I genuinely wish they would just back off, they are dragging the team down in my opinion, while at the same time annoying other players/forcing them to choose other heroes when they do so."
Racist! I'd be concerned for chiggers
Just own a reference 290 Just overclock your reference 290 to 2GHz and run 3DMark. Or get a new heater.
don't tell op that you'll make him a pussy. Don't fucking do it! Not worth your life!
i should have lead with You didn't agree with me agreeing with you? Does that mean you don't agree with yourself or do you just not agree with other people agreeing with you?
"Lol, you have to understand that dog time passes much faster, so he was here answering questions a lot longer Awesome AMA idea and left after one answer. Damn bitches."
"The wedding guests are just jealous! Everyone says comments like that because it compliments both parties in ways that that society values. Women are valued for attractiveness, men are valued for intelligence and earning capacity. By saying the guy is punching above his weight it shows that she is physically attractive, and he is ugly which means he must have other talents (wealth, intelligence, social prestige) etc It's standard fodder for wedding speeches, where the bride is told shes the most beautiful creature in the world, and the groom is an ugly sack of shit that is lucky to get her."
Well that's different because Jeebus is the ONE TRUE GAWD. Ask her what she thinks about Muslims wanting to kill people for making images of Mohammed.
"Well, obviously the DoJ just doesn't care about black people. Must read: DOJ report totally vindicates Darren Wilson in Michael Brown shooting"
But...But...DLC5. The 5 Stages
"Exactly, if countries sent athletes, that means they're happy with having been colonised. A load of countries in the Commonwealth still have the Union Flag included in their own flags. And if being in the Commonwealth was insulting to anyone, I don't imagine they'd be at the games anyway. Those countries who wanted nothing more to do with the UK left the Commonwealth - look at RoI as an example. Don't forget, the commonwealth anthem is still God Save the Queen, and the Queen is the head of the commonwealth. The Union Flag symbolises her as much as it does the UK."
"What if the OP is actually considering the intelligence of punjabis and pathans. and the second kind is what kills people... bullets don't have a high terminal velocity so when they're shot straight up in the air like the first guy, you won't have random people dying but the second kind is what causes deaths."
Casi no vi el Mejor judio muerto por sospecha de ser judio a judio vivo por error o confusion.
"Whoa whoa whoa- Keeping a Boolean value in a database set to ""TRUE"" is a costly endeavor and must be checked each month to ensure that it's still set to ""TRUE"". Seriously, TELUS, slag off. I give you $55/month and you still block the number when my contacts are calling. I will never pay this."
idk man Larry Hughes had like 1 good game in the playoffs? I was listening to Mike and Mike this morning and they were saying how this Lebron supporting cast was worse than the 07 cast. Yeah you heard me correctly. I had to turn the station... I don't even know what to say there.
"He occasionally smokes weed, so he is a criminal degenerate who deserves to be chucked in the slammer for good Isn't this exactly what rehabilitation should be? You learned, changed, and now contribute to your family and society. Great job!"
Damn almost identical to what's it's going to be against Hillary Everyone online bashes Trump yet he's still ahead by 27 points I believe.
"What episode is this one from? None, they're all overrated."
"Looks like I'll be telling the team to break Banega's and Gameiro's legs when you guys use all 3 subs then we can have a 9v9 game. I would say our strength is that generally all of our players are pretty well rounded; they are all decent on the ball, positioning, physically, etc. Banega is an excellent creative CAM, and Gameiro's performance this season has been nothing short of godly. Our weakness probably lies in our reliance on Banega and Gameiro. Other players contribute, but without those two, we are completely flat. With the injuries to Krohn Dehli (probably would've been in the starting XI), Reyes, and Tremoulinas, our bench is very shallow, and any subs except Konoplyanka will probably weaken us. Our GKs worry me too. As hyped as he is, Rico lets in some easy goals and Soria is pretty similar."
"Russia would never use the veto, someone should have a graph off all the powers vetos I bet Russia is last. Or Russia's veto protecting Assad from getting the NATO air strike up the ass he seriously deserves but go ahead and use the US as an example."
Didn't know Raikkonen switched cars with Magnussen and travelled back a year in time to get overtaken by the guy he supposedly overtook WATCH: Too tight to pass? 9 mighty Monaco overtakes
Millions of hideous people! Why do they need to recruit people to be on the show? Aren't there millions of applicants anyways
frack What is the best non-vulgar word to use in place of the F-word?
Yeah they deserve to die yeah what idiots glad they're gone for not calling. And neither one of them had talked to the other prior? Hey I don't know if you're even in town but i'm going to come over anyways and knock on the door! That's what they deserve for being too stupid to use a phone.
"Muhammad jihad dirka dirka jihad, dirka dirka muhammad. Those who say that they have a right to not be offended can go fuck themselves. Seriously, I'm all in favour of reasonable limitations on speech. You can't shout fire in the proverbial crowded theatre. You can not threaten to kill someone. You can't incite people to riot. But the idea of laws against criticism are fucking stupid and counter to *an actual* right guaranteed in the Charter."
At least I'll be able to see a professional within 4 hours and book a GP appointment decently Go to America and get ill.
DER ANSCHLAG IST DEUTSCHLANDS HOLOCAUST! Irgendjemand hier hats vorhergesagt.
"Posting memes on 4chan is a great way to reach out to women. Lolbertarians on sites like 4chan are spreading images like this to get more women to stop ""worshiping the state"""
"Jared Leto as The Joker. Who would you cast as Batman Villains in the DCEU I don't know if this has been posted yet or not, but if you had to cast anyone as a Batman villain (or any villain really but I was just thinking of his honestly) in the DCEU, who would it be? With Affleck's Batman and Letto's Joker, who would really fit? IMO I could see Matt Damon as Thomas Elliot/Hush or Leonardo Dicaprio as Harvey Dent/Two-Face"
*Yeah but if he wasn't..* But he is a ruthless killer...
"getting system hacked all game Too much negativity on here lately. Guys, let's all share our favorite moment from advanced warfare so far Mine would have to be the first time I ever won free for all. I spawned in and this one guy immediately took the lead.. He was at 25 kills when I was in second place with a measley 13. He went to 26,27,28,29 very fast - I was at like 17 at this point. Then I realize that the game isn't ending. Then I see the first place guy trying to get a trick shot for the final killcam! There's hope! So I go OFF. Bloodthirsty, merciless, then I get 3 more kills to take the win! The guy messaged me at the end with a simple ""damn you"" and I felt super proud of myself for that. What's your favorite COD:AW story?"
In front of your what? I let a guy out in traffic and he knocked a woman off her bicycle in front of my. I guess it doesn't backfire on me so much but I certainly felt shitty afterwards.
It's because she is being repressed of her freedoms. DON'T SILENCE ME as she screams to silence others. Hissy fits at their finest.
"This is actually extremely relevant to the topic. ""Under God"" wasn't added to the pledge of allegiance until 1954."
"Well he is injured jesus, refs protecting the shit out of curry again"
"Well he IS white after all, and the amount of melanin in your skin is inversely correlated with how racist you are as we all know He absolutely ~~monstrously~~ bigly destroys her at the end. ""RIGHT, I'm racist. Of course that's it"""
"Fuck off you fat fucker. If you swear, at least do it right. This is wrong."
"""Millions of satisfied customer"" ""Harmonises water energy"" And we haven't heard of this yet, how strange My friends started working for a pyramid scheme and are selling rubbish like this to people"
Just a bunch of conspiracy nuts! Egyptian state media claims 9/11 was carried out by West to justify war on terror
Wow there is a surprise BuildMyRank Dead In the past few days it appears that almost the whole of the BMR network has been deindexed. At the end of last month ALN had reportedly lost over half of their indexed sites. Google is starting to crack down on these.
"You forgot You are very wrong. How could you have such a cynical view? Everyone is getting more civilized, and my state recently passed a gay marriage law. LGBT folks were never slaves, and only *very, very* rarely are they killed and tortured or whatever else. The people who do those things to gays are horrible people, and in no way represent the Christian majority. Please don't become a bigot yourself, because you aren't even noticing it and then criticizing others for it."
Yeah but they're weird looking and that affects me sooooooooooooooooooo They equally have no effect on you.
"What are you doing here, cluttering up our subreddit with quality content, taking up valuable circlejerking and shitposting space? Appreciate it guys, It's always fun bringing people new videos."
"Because that worked so well with the Lava Strykewyrms. Because if people are going to kill skillers, people are going in to kill the people killing the skillers, and the chain gets higher."
"The war on Christmas is getting out of hand Christmas, the chilean way :("
"Serves you right for not knowing that free demo apps are serious business sorry that I underestimated how much you guys care about this silly app :( I now realize that it is very serious business and will never share my opinions again, promise."
"Stop being so fucking entitled! They're doing the same thing to Australia, where citizens can't even afford to buy houses in their own country because of Chinese ""investors""."
"ma roba tipo echelon, o che l'nsa spia le ns comunicazioni, figurati se hanno tempo da perdere ascoltando noi al telefono Qualcuno di voi crede a qualche ""teoria del complotto""? Personalmente credo che sia possibile che gli americani fossero a conoscenza dell attacco a Pearl Harbor... e voi? Credete a qualcosa che non e' la versione ufficiale fornita?"
"0100 Zulu Market Winners and Losers on DaddyLeagues Does anyone know what the time frame is for the winners and losers on the home page? Is it based on what the price was a few hours ago, a day ago, from the last transaction?"
"Literally unplayable. One of the greatest joys of being part of the Master Race - taking a five year old game, modding the shit out of it, and ending up with something that looks like it came out yesterday..."
"But then raids are ok! World 2 tribulation mode was the most fun I ever had in GW2... It was pretty clear that tribulation is not for everyone, it's not anet's fault that some of the ppl outside of the target audience became frustrated with it."
"As a resident of Alabama, I can't understand these big words you are using. As a resident of Alabama, I can refute that there is any such place named bum-fuck-ville."
2nd best team NA Hey that's not true. He has a failing last spot LCS team in the relegation tournament right now! That's gotta count for something!
only god can judge me You will be judged.
"Yeah, Comic books have been around like eighty years, so I'm sure the movies will take a hard dive in like four years. Frankly, the comic book movie bubble lasting until 2021 seems kinda optimistic. But I suppose it doesn't hurt to plan for the best case scenario."
"This is an excellent use of government resources. DEA raids Denver marijuana dispensary VIP Cannabis, safes cut open"
"We could have had super star Glen Coffee I really admired frank gore, I shudder to think what the teams would have been like without him"
"This redditor is obvious so right and much smarter than the minds behind NATO. Problem is, this will just push Russia to also do whatever it wants and tell Nato to suck their cocks. How does that saying go? If everyone tells everyone else to go suck on cocks, we all just end up with a mouthful of dick without even the dinner and movie to go with it."
"norwegian here, its hard living life in a communist police state where chairman Erna Solberg controls every facet of our lives. I'm sorry, I don't recall all the countries with single payer healthcare and their brutal enslavment of the medical profession. Must of slipped my mind."
"Yeah, who saw something like *that* coming Obamacare may have been the catalyst, but it was *meant* to make thing better for employees, not for corporate greed to penny-pinch their employees to death for an extra point in profits for their damn shareholders."
"Get off our fucking sub... Ah, probably, I'm all for hating on the Cowgirls but I try to put a little more effort into it than just 'I HATE THEM COZ UM THEY SUCK' Hope we see you guys in the playoffs! For obvious reasons!"
"yeah people would definitely not be laughing if said he needed feminism because he likes to fuck goats. but the fact that he is being ridiculed for enjoying being penetrated, an act traditionally seen as inferior and exclusive to females, is how this relates to feminism. Vying for social equality towards what is perceived as feminine is how feminism would help him."
"You trying to say that being the President isn't American enough? Daniel Day Lewis as Lincoln? I know he won an Oscar for it, but TWBB and Gangs Of New York are him with an American accent."
For around the same production Making around the same as Gronk.
What an honorable level of discourse. Woman throws shoe at Hillary Clinton
shocker that no one in hear read the actual article Utah teacher fired for saying two words....'condom' and 'boobs'
Ah but you go to B&amp;N for the customer care experience! There's also the shame that I spent $28 when Amazon was asking $16.60.
"apparently his poor boner is the real victim in all this. I'm having trouble following the logic here: ""The victimhood mentality feeeemales have is overwhelming. For example, they think that they can go out on a nice date and then just break things off because there's no romantic chemistry. But they also think that they can agree to have sex with someone they *do* have mutual chemistry with, even if they haven't gone on any official dates yet."" Maybe this is some new and exciting definition of ""victimhood"" that I haven't encountered before?"
"Now weps are going all-class to? To be, or freakin' not to be!"
Looks like you are banned for the rest of Fifa 15. How do you know if EA warns/bans you? I bought coins earlier today and just now I got sent out of UT back to the main menu and I cant get back into UT
Don't forget YouTube content creators Rockstar has traditionally kept these *closely guarded secrets* exclusive to only a handful of people on Twitter and Newswire.
But the only thing that fuels invention is money! A 19 year old recent high school graduate who built a $350 robotic arm controlled with thoughts is showing any one how to build it free. His goal is to let anybody who is missing an arm use the robotic arm at a vastly cheaper cost than a prosthetic limb that can cost tens of thousands of dollars.
"They clearly used photoshop The biggest croc ever found, at 8.6m (28ft). Shot by a hunter in Queensland, Australia in 1957."
"They should, it's free speech! It's crazy how politically correct the world is becoming. Next you'll tell me the KKK shouldn't be allowed to run an ad campaign advertising their new recruitment website."
"It's not about the cartoon, you silly people, it's about French people occupying France, just like Jews that occupy Judea. 'Shots fired' at French magazine HQ"
"If they were **real** climbers they wouldn't have made those mistakes! In order to fall that far, there are 3 possibilities: 1. The belayer had way too much slack in the line. Trying to imagine someone belaying with 10ft or more slack in their hands makes this seem highly unlikely. 2. A protection cam popped out. It's hard to tell, but if there was a jerk in the line during the fall, that would explain it. It looks fairly smooth though. 3. He climbed a bit far before trying to place another piece of protection or clipping into an anchor. This is probably the most likely. I think he's about 10-15ft above his last clip, which means the fall is 20-30 ft + a few more feet of slack in the line."
Thug U doesn't just make dirty hits their stealing stuff too! Baylor player attempted to take playcalling wristband from TTU QB Mahomes
"The isis? I guess, since the accelerometer shows 0g, you are sending this picture from the ISS."
Cause...Morgan Freeman's got the *voice* Why on the fucking blue Halos everyone mentions Morgan Freeman !?
"Poor little catholics, constantly being ostracized :( No one is punishing anyone for prayer in schools, but teachers cannot organize or require students to take part in public prayer. Good thing too, wouldn't want us to run afoul of Matthew 6:6, now would we?"
"Well of course she waited 2 days she had to wait the certain amount of time or else it would've looked like she was desperate. Okay texting is fucking hard these days. I have been in just about every different texting scenario known to man. I once was crushing on a girl who would seriously reply every 2 days. I would ask what her favorite color was and 38 hours later I get ""lol purple u?"" Bitch. Are. You. Serious. So just be mindful of the endless reasons/motives for peoples behavior when texting. I think oftentimes people take advantage of not being put on the spot and take too much of their sweet time thinking of the ""perfect reply."" So wait it out, don't be too clingy. But communication is 100% necessary in relationships so if she can't communicate well, I would take that into account."
"Well you gotta understand, they might catch the gay or something. I'm an at home Healthcare Certified Nurse's Assistant. Also a 68W Army medic , veteran. But hey, I'm gay, so who cares about that part right?"
"That's what you get for not being able to afford first class Exactly my thought. I remember when I flew 5-6 hours from the east to westcoast with united. A fucking five hour flight and the only thing I got was soda, 15g crackers and moody stewardesses. The time I fly with Southwest, everyone was super nice. The steward wore shorts while working and his colleague gave me like two hands full of snacks (it was only a 1,5 hour flight or so) after I ask her for some more."
Mutilating yourself and bangimg the same sex is straight as an arrow. why the fuck are you being downvoted? This is completely accurate.
Full of Manassholes! What's wrong with Manassas?
Im sure they were all just having suicidal mental breakdowns for saying such things Not before they ban half the people in it.
"how original play stupid games, win stupid prizes"
"Yes, every atheist is a circle-jerking idiot. Us: just being reasonable human beings. Them: circle-jerking idiots."
"Because all we do is for men, we need their validation to live and finding a husband is our ultimate life goal. Why do some of us men assume that because a women wears makeup it's because they specifically want to attract them?"
b-b-but the mod is dead! DayZ Mod 1.8.3 released!
Can' wait for this. 'Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising' Official Trailer
"We have record deficits, why don't you take out a giant loan and sacrifice like the gov't is! mathcing our donation with our donations via taxation to the federal gov't. :( This isn't the Jerry Fuckin' Lewis telethon. Canada - my country, my government - I've already donated what I can afford. Please follow-up suit and don't play games - people need help in Haiti now."
"Ummm God made ""Adam &amp; Eve"" not ""Adam &amp; a Beer"" Why can't a family be comprised of just 1 person?"
"A tv show called the Simpsons, duh. Where is this from?"
"'Bussian Rias iz why I can't l2p' War Thunder Law #3: Russian tanks get the best variant, all other nations get their base models. In this case, you get the Maus prototype turret."
"video chats are just a long selfie with an audience! Video chat, actually."
"Only God can judge me ""Don't judge me"" Then how the fuck am I supposed to make an evaluation of your character?"
"Yeah, fuck those white people, amirite? Donald Trump Is Our Next President, Thanks to White Voters"
why isn't she black Goth-y Ravenclaw Hermione Granger (penerotic)
"Mine. What's your favourite FNAF fangame? Although I've never played any, my favourite (from watching videos, etc) is probably ONAF 2."
"I'm sure all the WD's using that skill/rune appreciate its' mechanics being made clear. Actually they didn't change a thing, they just clarified the tooltip."
"If we don't pour more millions of dollars into this select committee, we'll never know how incriminating it is Personal friend had personal email. Professional associate had professional email, etc. This is incriminating?"
I agree yes
"However if you try too hard, you're a try-hard so you gotta find good medium between being a shitter, and trying too hard to win. You didn't try hard enough!"
Wonder which ones Franklin? Group picture of all 3 voice actors
"*Sigh* The aussies and kiwis spell it properly too, not to sure about our Canadian cousins though."
How dare that ostrich speak suck ill things about the pious holy mother cow? Anti-national Ostrich
"Ah yes, the acronym ""IMHO"", understood by few outside this quirky community David Turnbull: The quirky online world of male shaving enthusiasts"
Yeah because OP's problems all trace back to that one unsuspecting customer. Put decaf in someone's latte.
viva la petit bourgeois! Comrades how often do you support small businesses?
"Yeah, I can't wait for the day that a game has all its resources in the cloud and I have to be connected online just to play a single player game! Here come all the upset ""always-online"" complaints again... dont let them ruin this for us again."
"No, this is a furry that wants Obama as his dream BF, obviously! is this on Obama's facebook?"
"Until we get 512 tick this game will never be competitive Don't worry, everyone will just bitch about 64 tick instead."
"Yeah, pirates fit really well in Warlock with all the weapons. Am I the only one who feels like Patches should be the first ever dual tribe card? Demon Pirate or Pirate Demon. Would have made for an interesting potential Pirate Warlock style deck."
"Every single human being on the planet is morally identical, they may say and act morally different but in truth they're all the same. All ideologies are equal? Come on. Apply some critical thought here."
"""photoshop"" ""inspect element"" I too have made quite a few photoshops in my day, if need be."
Probably better than envyus combined. chiken returns
"he's the guy you should totally learn your league manners from Trick2g really informative? Hi, I'm a relatively new LoL ranked player in bronze and I've noticed a lot of criticism towards Trick2g. Imo, one of the most informative streamers there because of his specs, and I learnt how to focus on towers, not chase too hard, learn to ward and control jungle and dragon. Honestly don't know why the hate guys?"
"Uy joke lang daw kasi yan kayo naman While bashing Leila, Digong hits on TV reporter | Inquirer News"
"Yeah, she deserves to lose her whole family! What the fuck else did she think would happen hitting someone who just came out of surgery on their eye in the face? You wouldn't punch someone who'd just had a heart transplant in the chest, or kick someone who just had the bones in their leg realigned. She's a stupid bitch."
"Yeah, ""safe space"" websites ALWAYS work ""I learned nothing from my first shitty kickstarter, so here is a slight variant for everyone to not fund!"""
How shiny like shiny shiny or shiny?\ I like shiny things
"because malz passive has enough ""counterplay"" Why does Rek Sai's (Burrowed) Q Prey Seeker not proc Malz's passive?"
Good to see those commandos delivering freedom. Footage from the 1989 Invasion of Panama
"Yes, I am DMG (pre patch)(now SEM) and play like global Volvo fix pls Anyone else in a low skill group but play like a higher ranked one?"
Well *I* only read ancient Sumerian epics on the original cuneiform tablets! I don't know. I feel superior to people who watch Jersey Shore.
too bad he's a lazy uncoachable russian That Ovechkin is going to be a great player.
"It's almost makes it sound like the people in these states weren't being properly represented! In Colorado and Washington, citizens gathered enough signatures to get a ballot initiative put before the voters, and then voters approved the proposed amendments. They bypassed the state legislature. The citizens legalized it themselves by putting it on the ballot, then subsequently campaigning for it and getting the votes. In Vermont, the State Senate and State House will be voting on this bill.. and if they pass it, it will become law. Colorado and Washington bypassed the legislature and sent a legalization amendment straight to voters. In Vermont, the State Senate and State House are actually doing their jobs."
"i think you forgot this: How about Monta, Stuckey, and Lavoy for Brook and Bogdanovic? Gives you guys that are on contract until you have picks again, and Monta is sort of entertaining still I guess."
"The only time I get to play video games before december will be that weekend, so I'm sooooooooo happy I have to choose between a holiday (temporary) and the brand new xpac. i like this idea, gives players who have yet to get hot something to look forward to."
Standing up for the little Aussie battler. Labor powerbroker Stephen Conroy joins new gambling lobby
"So Bojack Horseman has been a complete lie? Fun fact: horses can't vomit. Do with that information what you will, I'll probably never have another reason to bring it up."
"But it's not sugar it's isomaltulose.... I like that you like soylent, but you're really not getting the correct impression of the product. You did not cut sugar or caffeine from your diet given soylent and coffiest contain these things."
"ha ha, yeah, let's just joke about this and shrug it off as if it doesn't apply to anyone here... TIL: Canadians are terrible at being racist."
I want to be a Corporal again You can be whoever/whatever/xirever you want in The New ArmyTM
"It's that hip hop culture and those saggy pants holding them back. Literally less than 100 years ago whites were bombing black cities from planes and people wonder why there's a race relations problem in the USA.. There's people alive who were told of this by someone who experienced it happening to them.. I think people forget that stuff like this sticks with populations a lot more easily than one might imagine. It takes time to get over that kind of betrayal. Not to mention that up until the 70's blacks used to have to use different bathrooms and were treated like second class citizens in their own country. It just makes me so mad to hear people here on reddit claim that black people need to 'get over it' and 'move on' as if it's that easy. Shit takes time, yo."
Yes it is good to let people know what they could learn by simply reading the post You left out that it is long because I provided so much evidence. The bulk of the posts consists of testimony and evidence as opposed to commentary by me.
Good thing the US government wants to mothball them... Tank obliterated by an A-10 Thunderbolt II
I forgot this: Nylander - Strome - Brown Or sarcasm?
"That has to be cleared each time you press anything in the recovery, just to be sure Maybe he didn't clear the dalvik."
"Finally, the response everyone has been waiting for... File directly under ""you've got to be kidding"""
You have to measure from the base Tbh were 0.04 inches from a full 6
"Also he was black It also had dealer plates on it, and they'd been robbed just a few weeks before from another car with plates from the same dealer."
I really love that we're downvoting legitimate questions about current beliefs on this board now. In what ways is the neutral game avoided in SFV?
"We just beat the Spurs, and the Warriors had 4 of 5 close games with Portland, we should sweep them easy. You can't just compare two teams playing different games and say that's exactly how it would work if they played each other, it doesn't work like that..."
"Spotted the RSS leader Hey where are you staying, maybe I can help."
"Yes, I'm sure they'll use parachutes. so astronauts from ISS will come back by parachutes"
"Il sarcasmo, questo sconosciuto Sticazzi che fonte!"
"I'll be watching my gf's parents dog while they are away and my gf works.. EXCITED! Single people of Reddit, what are your plans for tomorrow?"
"But only women deal with being told to smile by the opposite gender. He then looked at me and said ""Sometimes it's ok not to smile.""."
But liquid calories don't count! Do they really wonder though? Whenever they talk about how the don't understand why they're fat I don't believe them.
"As a Welsh person (and speaker) I can confirm that is indeed our flag ""Welsh"" for English speakers"
"l2spell american Just for us brits, can you please make ""armour"" bring up the armor in the shop search bar."
But clearly everyone knows that it's the worst thing ever. The Irony is that the fucking console isn't even out yet. Nobody has played it.
"It's almost as if the entire planet is covered in them Not just you. This is great art by noah, but literally everything about BFZ has a hedron stuck in it. I can't think of how any of the newly revealed elementals we've seen look distinct. The new green mythic can be switched with the Z v. E alt art elemental and nobody would notice. Bleh. I thought sacred foundry would have played into the Stoneforge traditions, getting a cool glowing rock out of it at least. This is Zendikar by numbers, friends."
"Yeah, they explains why China have so many non-Chinese TIL countries with big populations have big populations."
"But dat extra cdr is totally worth it tho I see a lot of Ezreals do the same, so frustating"
Ecig companies are marketing to dogs Yes and a dog
Don't worry the free market will sort this out. A Turkish firm has been selling fake life vests - they soak up water - for refugees at sea
Mb use the staffs character gravestones Our characters have graves with their names on them is spawn has anybody tried getting lil' arnie kills and throwing some over there to maybe pick them up? seems too straightforward to be anything but worth a try?
"Weird, I thought everyone in SF was the founder and CEO of their own startup. Randi expresses her feelings right now (and it's super heartwarming)"
"Uhm how I be attach my keybaord and mouse on the zero? And that not all Raspberry Pi models are the same either. Some are better suited for certain tasks than others, regardless of price. (Hint: the Pi Zero isn't supposed to be a replacement for the original Pi, even if it only costs 5 bucks.)"
You look just like a young Jeff Goldblum I found a large pile of dino shit while walking around a park
"Everybody knows that military members overseas vote overwhelmingly Democrat. Bill Mitchell: How the hell does Hillary win 90% of ""found"" absentee ballots in a state she lost 48/47? This stinks to high heaven."
"Do it for Mewtwo! I was going to get a Wii U just for Smash Bros, but I was satisfied enough by the 3DS version that I can't justify paying another $200+ just to play another version of Smash 4. Plus, I'm really not as good at the game as I used to think I was."
"Don't worry guys, it's just the angle of our perspective Ridiculous Nidalee spear hitbox!"
"Adding onto that, coming from someone consistently posting on r/HALO with remarks about gameplay mechanics, you *sure* don't seem like a gamer, *not at all*. ok"
"How old are you, again? I had a collection of this animes tazos, uh, it was something to do with using cards to call monsters and fight in a different dimension. I made many kids cry when I beat them in the tazo fights we would have and took away their tazos. Then some fucker robbed me while I was out having tiffin"
"Like these girls wandering in short skirts, asking to be raped... Probably because he failed to bring a padlock and lock it himself. It doesn't excuse the aggressors' behavior, but the victim isn't entirely blameless."
"People know what's important... r/hentai has over 120,000 subs and r/manga has over 90,000 subs. We have over 10,000 subs. How does this make you feel?"
some would say it's the same thing. Everyone is playing f4 And i'm playing Skyrim Kek
"Stannis has no humor. Well, they've been butchering Stannis's dry humor..."
"All refs hate Wislon, didn't you know? Why does the back judge keep running over to help Brady up when he gets knocked over? I don't see them do that shit for Russ."
"Canada is like Europe... We have french people too :( Why are Americans always responding with that statement? It's not the same, not at all. In Europe there are different *countries* each with different *states* while the USA is just one country with different states. People speak different languages in most countries in Europe, some aren't even part of the EU and many have very different cultures and traditions. Or are you honestly telling me that the difference between, I don't know, Kosovo and Lapland is not larger than the difference between Alaska and South Carolina? I mean geographically it's comparable of course but in almost all other categories (language, ethnicity, religion etc) it's far more varying in Europe."
He would say that now that he's winning. Nico Rosberg is concerned Formula 1 is heading in the wrong direction with the 2017 regulations and fears overtaking will become even more difficult.
good job lyte Riot Lyte Discusses Leavers and AFKers
"I guess energy companies are just in it for the joy of bringing power to people. As others have mentioned, just because a commercial company receives a government contract, doesn't mean it's any less a commercial entity."
"This is the internet, Mosins have to be better! And for the price of the barrel, they could have bought a rifle off the shelf that shoots 1 MOA right out of the box?"
I wonder if i should ask gog to refund me the $1.25 i would have saved by buying it on steam. Witcher 3: 50% off Steam sale.
"Yeah - if that isn't clear evidence that we have a robbery culture I don't know what is! I know you're being ironic but it really isn't. It's quite common that victims of robbery are blamed for being in bad area late night, wearing too expensive things / showing money and that they basically asked for getting rob by their behavior."
"Yes, it's a real stretch to imagine the fiscal stance of the federal government matters. ""Campaigns must work very hard to pretend that presidential policy choices matter a great deal relative to the actions of the Federal Reserve"""
Riven nerf is really necessary she is all over the competitive scene 5/6 PBE Update
What a great contribution to this thread. Man something about this dudes voice...annoying as fuck
"Na, that might be to inviting to outsiders, keep it a sterile environment please Could we spruce up the sub? I just think it would be nice to customize the sub a bit instead of having it on the default layout. Maybe a nice picture of the Vancouver riverfront skyline in the header or a view of Mt. St. Helens? Idk, just something different."
"Clearly you just don't understand how Torbjorn works. Oh my god, you think a Torb turret carries the team and is the deciding factor in a fight."
No they'd much rather have faried and Lawson As if the Kings would consider the trade either way
OH MY GODDDDDDDD guys we are all gonna die
"Socialism is when people steal things they don't need from me for no reason, right? If you think that is representative of socialism you don't know what socialism is"
Who knew facts could be stolen A 3 million subscriber channel stole my video
"There are bigger problems in life, you can have serious health issues from just being tall, also increased likelyhood of STD's *FROM ALL THE PUSS WE DROWN IN YEABOI* Worried about too many dating options?"
I don't want to be reminded of the good times. Lebron's Greatest Playoff Game
"Ah, taking records of the most important things. Android Smartphones Used More To View Porn Than iOS"
so gn2 EU No wonder half this sub is still mg2 if it's NA sided
I think there was an implied he's our third stringer but was supposed to have a part in the offense
"Brilliant refutation, you've clearly dismantled his argument As someone who has studied both religion and feminism, and have the credentials to show for it, I'm just going to let your ridiculous comment stand and watch it get appropriately downvoted by people who actually know things."
Religion saves lives. Uganda passes draconian anti-gay law
"Delete your account Cut it out, you guys."
Timegate confirmed If I just had as much luck with Mystical Summons..
"Everyone is 100% certain that no sitting President would use his wiretapping powers to guarantee his reelection. This. He could do these things *as President* in the interests of ""national security"", but he could hardly do it as a presidential candidate for political gain."
Haven't seen this before The peasants are banding together
"I'm sad, I expected to see Jar Jar Star Wars: The Force Awakens Trailer #3"
"Only when they're worn by a woman who won't have sex with you. Wait, what? Tank tops are trashy now?.."
Arra shur wasn't it a sign from God above that he didn't want the little tale tellers compensated for ruining the good thing the church was on to. Religious orders blame property crash for redress shortfall
"There's no lack of trust, everyone is sharing the primary domain admin account... It sounds to me like there are serious cultural / corporate politics issues going on here. The lack of trust in both directions is terrifying. Figure out how to align your goals with theirs. How can you support their business objectives? Start with small things, trust takes time to build."
Shotstopping isn't one of his strengths anyways to be fair When was the last time Mignolet made a save?
"Certainly more tax cuts and services cuts will ramp up that economy Gov. Sam Brownback, advisers abandon report of Kansas economy"
The NFL will never be a first class league until it can compete with MLS for the nation's top athletes. Josh Lambo's journey from MLS to NFL: 'Not many people get a second chance like this'
Don't you know it's racist to point out the faults of a person of a different race that lead to their death/arrest? Here's the ironic thing. You're not racist for assuming these people get killed or arrested for no reason? See how this goes both ways and how hypocritical you sound? Victim! Victim! Victim of race! Lol
"I thought high power consumption was a staple of the nexus features, how else can google justify needing wireless charging? The loss of Stamina Mode is kinda disappointing. Sony did some excellent work there."
But 3.65GHz x 6 cores = 21.9GHz Intel said we would have 10 GHZ processors even though they knew their shitty P4 architecture wouldn't scale.
"Going to sound so good coming out my laptop speakers ""**High Fidelity** streaming"" noice"
"oh yes, because the debates are going to be exactly the same.... It takes less than a minute to unlock your phone and pull up a Hillary debate on YouTube."
"Yeah and that's Libreoffices fault. infact, I have significant greater troubles with its very limited Office compatibility :/"
Shane is homeless now? This is just awesome (not my picture)
"Must be those wealthy republicans not wanting to pay their fair share! Out of the 9 states that have no state tax on earned income, 5 of them are in the top 10 migration destination states. High state income taxes are a trademark of the leading sender states."
Better win by 4 touchdowns or its still considered lucky and you might drop in the polls So at this point Auburn is going to have to play three top 10 opponents and 6 top 25 opponents. This is abunch of bull shit.
"Hey now, Massachusetts is still a state. One of the other two teams isn't even in a state."
"Because football sounds so badass That's a lame ass fucking name. It doesn't help the stereotype at all that this sport is for children. Footy, Fuck, people. Any sport that can be called footy is not something grown men should play. Why not call it Kiddyball or Footsie-wootsie-play-play-time."
You will be limited to only being able to control the two fingers you were moving during FILD FILD once your in a LD from FILD will you be able to do anything u want?
man that's a lot of different non-peaceful cultures that adopted it...what a coincidence! But the primary culture that adopted it isn't. There's a difference.
"*""I really want to kill that guy over there because he and his mates killed me in the dz yesterday and now keeps talking shit in proximity chat, but I can't because he won't turn on his PvP flag...""* Yeah, sounds like fun... I like this. On your way out of the BoO you can choose to be in PvE/PvP mode or something."
Hungrybox Who is regarded as the most technical of the top 6? And what seperates who the most technical is from the other top 6?
You can't be free if you are forced to kneel before your master's penis. keep telling yourself...
"Paul you're such a mastermind Big Brother US18 - Episode Discussion - August 03 2016 It's Wednesday night which usually means Power of Veto time. What the competition was, who won and how the veto was played will all likely be covered. If there's a replacement nominee, we'll likely see who it is. What do you think will happen?"
"You can't prove He didn't.... To the players in the Superbowl: God didn't help you catch that pass. Just FYI. Not to say it's not humble of you, but you did it with the help of your team- thank them."
"Yeah because history is full of examples of how banning something, simply makes that possibility disappear for people who have no care for the law. Oh, when I read the meme I thought it was a go at those claiming computer games were to blame. But clearly guns make it easier to kill a bunch of people than no guns."
He wanted to wait in line to attend a Bernie rally but realized it would take less time just to fly Bernie out to Rome. Sanders to visit Vatican City days before NY primary.
"This man is a true revolutionary. Sir, I can see the sticker on that cup."
"No you see the earth is flat, it's light that travels in a circular path. Flat Earth, all of my wat"
Because getting shit you didn't ask for from someone who is impaired and far far away is lhiterally rape! He basically says his friends do drugs and one sent him nude pics. He doesn't say he even asked for them. How is he the bad guy here?
"Wait, Dunkey isn't black? Ah, i love Dunkey, the greatest Puerto Rican to ever live."
"wow, stole post from bf, doesn't even credit, downvote for you OP Trust me, I'm passing too. My boyfriend and I were out hanging up laundry on the line and I said ""Look, we're playing house and adulting!"" That's when he said that adulting was really choosing not to eat ice cream for breakfast."
Kudos for PND for starting this shit that's what it seems like. she had to delete her instagram for a day bc she had so many angry comments on her pictures. it's pretty sad if she suffered bc of a misunderstanding
"According to the NSAC he was high from weed, so that explains why he was so tired in round 1. He literally took a nap in the first round against Anderson Silva, so yeah, I'd say he counts as a slow starter."
"Which was why he was coached by Derrick and Cody, right? James says that Derrick and Cody would want him to stick it out, but Paulie says that he does things his own way."
"But then you can just perpetuate the debt cycle by not saving anything for you kids and forcing them to take out loans. Seriously, how can I pay for my own Masters degree AND save for a globally inflated college degree for a kid. By the time the kid graduates highschool I'll have just barely finished paying off my own student loans."
Religions are peaceful. Those dudes seemed to get a bit violent.
"That's the kind of guy I want driving me or my loved ones around! Pedestrian walking around the street, blocking traffic, pounding on a car and attempting to enter a vehicle that isn't his. What an awesome guy."
The government would never do anything bad They seem so hellbent on this it wouldn't surprise me in the least if they start planting shit themselves.
"But but mah 2nd amendment After Killing of Football Star, 15, Obama Repeats Call for Gun Control"
"You're welcome for your winning records I kinda wish so many marquee NCAA events didn't go through Indianapolis. Still very excited this event is going to continue! For anyone wondering, here are the four teams' records through the first five years: [](#f/kentucky) **Kentucky:** 3-2 [](#f/duke) **Duke:** 3-2 [](#f/michiganstate) **Michigan State:** 3-2 [](#f/kansas) **Kansas:** 1-4"
"Hey trucks need shade too. Arrive for night shift, look out the back door and see our pool umbrella sitting in the back of someone's pickup truck. They didn't even close it, it's just hanging out of the bed of their truck."
"Aw, how cute I'll take it from here"
"Or even ""grave concern""! Whoa, Russia better watch out, if they're not careful, the UN will drop the big one: ""Deep concern."""
Which system are you talking about being costly and inefficient? You know how costly and inefficient that would be? lol
Wait are you serious?I don't see an To account for the amount of time news traveled by horse and boat.
"Yeah really, random events recorded by diferent people and edited together happens like 10 times a day, shits getting old. i just imagine some little bitch all giddy and bouncing on his computer chair like a little bitch. it's like fucking what it's 2014 and this shit is old and EXPECTED."
"I heard there were like 20,000 of 'em! But what about those rioting teens???"
They can't do that! And what if they change the repayment system?
Ya because we have all heard of the thousands of motorcycle commuters that crash and die every time a metal surfaced bridge gets wet. It affects motorcycle riders though. Metal alone is slippery. Long metal grate soaked it water? Count me out.
no ur fat She's fat
That's some excellent trigger discipline Go hard or go home!
"Yeah but load bearing vests are mean and scary looking Every longtime officer I've met has a severe case of duck butt, if nothing else, from poor posture due to the belt. The upsetting part is that we know how to prevent this, a load bearing vest of some sort."
Uhhh... yeah... good one When you get a 2nd chance
"It was Rodgers fault all along! Mario Balotelli scored a goal, assisted another, and earned a penalty in AC Milan B's 3-2 win over Mantova yesterday"
Weeeell..... Should we sterilize all high schoolers?
Damn you suck at this game to fall for that glitch Don't mess with Kangaroo Jack...
"He's not even on the WWE Power Rankings, I don't even know how we can be talking best of all time. As of today, where does CM Punk rank on the greatest wrestlers of all time list? I say he is worthy of being in the top 10."
"Roberto Luongo. Which player not wearing a letter deserves to wear one the most? Couture would be my vote, curious to see who else is out there"
Political dissidents are far more dangerous. The NSA is too busy spying on the vast majority of people who've done nothing wrong to worry about things like crime.
Such a troll. Trolled by a 4 year old
"Let's just switch the terms to Endemic-Americans and Invasive-Americans! ""Native American"" isn't the same as ""native""...."
"Yeah, being homeless has its perks some days You live in Jacksonvilles stadium?"
"Well thats cause everyone on r/Canafa knows that Con senators and MP's are lying shitbags from hell But a Liberal MP or senator, thats truth you can take straight to the bank. Strange, in the thread about the conservative MP's response, everyone was angry because it was the same email, yet everyone is happy about this."
"100% hogs, 4 lightning strikes on their CC troops and just hope you don't hit their big bombs. Need 3 stars. Been awhile since I've gotten more than 2 stars. TH9"
"NSA spying, tons of sense. Rubio makes a crazy amount of sense."
"This is clearly racist! Researchers find a mutation in East Asians that is not found in Europeans of Africans that strongly influences breast size, hair thickness, number of sweat glands and tooth shape."
"LS swap. Even though the Rover v8 isn't that powerful, that would probably be quite fun."
"But they just want to have fun! i know it's not bm or anything but people on opposite teams who spam laugh, especially after they kill someone, just really butter my biscuits. yes i could mute them, but i would know they are still doing it."
I bet this girl is super fun and interesting to hang out with 23-year-old hasn't produced any trash in two years
You know how I know you're gay? That one girl holding the handgun has excellent trigger discipline.
Lotus Notes! Does this mean that International Business *Machines* is now purely a Software licencing company?
TIL a hat with a flat top and a wide brim = a rabbi hat Have you googled rabbi lately? That look is not unique.
But what is the point of owning a computer if I can't put filters on my photos and upload them to Instagram and Facebook? That's a given.
Man this gender equality stuff is broken. No. I'm a woman. Duh.
Especially them blacks. It's the dehumanization of people. People cry over animals but not over humans because humans are inheritably evil! -_-
"but...but...but... MEGATEXTURES! here is hoping that with the mod tools released, modders will be able to create some high-resolution texture packs"
Not in the new rework Warwick is a wolf not a cat
its not a slayer update so no one cares. Osrs has two nearly completed quests. Have they ever been polled?
How brave of the local democrats for taking this stand for justice Seattle mayor wants to allow and regulate 3 new tent cities
"Oh, well if you haven't seen it, then it must not ever happen. eh, I'll believe when I see proof. I've never heard anyone report of nor have I seen a single case of hacking on PS3"
"So, TotalBiscuit screwed us all by purchasing every hero, skin, and mount... They did a similar thing with hearthstone, they can't evaluate how people genuinely feel about various price-points without actually asking people to pay at those price-points. I wouldn't be surprised if Blizzard employees were being made to spend their money too (which is what happened with Hearthstone)."
"Yeah spend $300 for a new console and $32 for the game, fuckin steal! Well, seems like a good reason to make the switch. haha"
"It's a good thing that communities all over the place are starting to ban the use of e-cigs with the same restrictions as cigarettes. Probably every time a high profile celebrity like this is shown using an ecig, at least one fan (probably many more) converts. At some point a show like Entertainment Tonight will do a piece about celebs or a specific celeb using ecigs (maybe they already have)(think of all those poor smokers in their homes watching network television). One of the few times you can argue that our culture of celebrity worship may really benefit people, even greatly extending lives."
"Elite barbs are OP, tornado user is not dumb. If you think Elite Barbs are balanced, this is for you..."
"Yea the one in the Anonymous mask. The dirty, masked weeaboo that torched the car last episode."
I might need to get a small loan for that. Just a low budget of $1million.
"That's a lot of trouble to get yourself kicked out of heaven Yes, and not many people know this. The official population of Catholics in the world is a bit skewed. To unconfirm I believe you have to write a formal letter to the church that you were confirmed at and they remove you from their list. A lot of people never write that letter and their name still sits on their churches list and it's these lists that are used to for tallying the population."
Anti global warming propaganda? Snow falls in Sahara for first time in 37 years
I think you dropped your Connection errors don't happen that often.
"I'm sure it was close to the demographic makeup of the Jackson, which is practically 80% black. How black was the audience?"
"Filthy pressers. For Nigerian weddings, it is common to ask the guests to match the wedding colors."
"Yeah, but he didn't spin it the right way. Remember when Adam Orth was fired for saying almost the exact same fucking thing?"
"Yeah hopefully you'll get the 5$ you would have made from ad revenue. Yeah, hopefully I'll get compensated eventually."
It's a real mystery. What is with this sudden surge of the far right in mainland Europe ?
"Because JFK was the most perfect human being to ever live, duh. Why is there still a US embargo on Cuba?"
OMG ADMIN ABUSE Banned for asking for help
"So, lizardkicker, did you thank your mother lately for your taste in wallpaper? Haha, nice game! Talking about wallpaper always throws them totally off. It's so irrelevant but THEY MUST COMMENT. ""I have blue wallpaper""."
"What's an amendment? It isn't the same, although some of the more pedantic members of BCND are trying to make it that way. BCND is *supposed* to be about cops who disgrace their profession. (not what it has become) AIFTG is *supposed* to be focused more on 1st and 4th amendment protections and especially the 5th."
"You should add the I literally can't stop crying right now. I thought I could sleep knowing America had turned a new leaf and that we could reject all of the evils that infected our country. As kids I think most of us just took for granted that many of us didn't think that anything like this could happen that love and tolerance were just engrained into us in order to stop the cycle of hate. But I'm walking home from work and see a poor pregnant 13 year old girl just talking on her cell phone. And this is normal now because she knows she can't just get an abortion. The Trumpets made sure of that; the first thing they did was to storm the local Planned Parenthood and vandalize all the equipment and I heard the staff was so scared they just decided to close it down. So that 13 year old girl I was talking about? Get ready to see more, you selfish assholes. Get ready to just walk past men in Trump hats raping women and doing nothing because you know the cops are just gonna wink at you and say Nice. Get ready to see black people beaten in broad daylight and innocent Muslims terrorized by our religious nutjobs. Get ready to have our schools teach our boys its okay to rape, and to teach our girls its okay to be objectified and even paid less on top of it. Get ready to be afraid of everyone you meet, because odds are half the people you see walking around want to rape or subjugate you. Well, way to go you stupid ignorant pests. You won. Hope you feel good about yourselves."
B-But one dollar though Trump bans lobbyists from his administration. Actions like this and his refusal to take a salary as president allow Bernie supporters who voted for Trump to know we made the right choice in choosing logic over emotional appeals from the left and media.
"How Shocking Marijauanaz, on this hard core shit right now."
"Well, at least there weren't any terrorist attacks on US soil while he was president! No, just an illegal endless war that killed half a million people and destabilized an entire region."
you forgot the No matter what you think about Kanye he is one of the most influential musicians of modern time. He still has time to surpass legends.
"They should get rid of pads, flipping around in the air is dangerous anyway That's just silly now, flipping around in the air is dangerous as well, they should just ban most sports then."
None because all the crime is caused by immigrants Ok so how many British people were arrested in the same time?
Oh really? Automatic is the standard in the US.
"The best teamwork is ganging up on someone and yelling at them from across a room, of course. So weird to see Alex McCord of all people consoling Ramona, after all the foolish Singer vs. McCord/Van Kampen drama. Kenya as the face of humility? HA! Teamwork is brilliant. That was the last time those two were a team. Confidence had me laughing for real. I love that Giggy is wearing his banner outfit!"
Because a video from LinusTechTips showing off some tech be it consumer grade or enterprise grade directly impacts the SysAdmin community..... Because he makes us all look like idiots. Just imagine all of the up and coming millennial sysadmins that think he knows what the hell he is doing. Just proves to me that my job is more secure than ever.
"Yes, because more violence is always the answer. Focus your outrage and join a Pink Pistols chapter."
But then she's a gold-digging whore. If he's insisting you should let him pay. It was his choice to choose it.
"it's everything under 20%, so thank God my wine nights are saved! Stanford Bans hard alcohol on campus. All fraternities are on campus."
"if it ain't broke why fix it Do you realise it'd probably be cheaper to replace that old P4 with something new, than keep it as-is? Those old systems use a tonne of energy, and a remarkably high amount even when in their soft-off state, so if you were to replace it with a basic modern system, you'd likely break-even on the expenditure within a year or two even with only light use, with the added benefit of having a system that is much, much more responsive."
"Methinks you haven't had the pleasure of systemd. How Daemons, the Init Process, and Process Forking Work"
"nah, 8K CAD effff that! So it'll be like $1100 Canadian."
"It is also a good thing that Brazil is not known for its rampant mosquito problems! Well then it's a good thing the Olympics are infamous for the sex that goes on during, amongst the fans and the athletes."
IT'S ALMOST LIKE HE'S A NORMAL PERSON! OMG OMG OMG OMG
"It's 2016, don't you know that you can't do more than 2 way SLI on Pascal? I bet your 4 way SLI Titan X still can't do this."
"Burning Hammer. In kayfabe, What's the weakest finisher?"
"Yeah, but gears! That's doubly hilarious since, you know, LSD is a differential and not a transmission..."
"Saintly people like Hillary and Obama have never allowed such foul words and thoughts to pass their virtuous lips, I'm sure. It's a sign of how depressing this election is that I saw the headline and thought ""well, of course."" But this is disgusting even by Trump standards. What a vile human."
"Right because the NSA functions on pettiness You know what, I think I figured out why the NSA is blowing the whistle on Trump when the FBI still hasn't. The NSA was given a huge amount more control under Bush Jr., the family who still has never kissed Trump's ring, and I think the organization is loyal to him."
"yes, because Goku hasn't ever cheated death or returned from the grave. It's such a lovely thing I wish I could believe, but unfortunately Superman's 1 and main super power is to defeat any obstacle he faces, even death... cough... Kryptonian Sleep."
Ravens Are we the only team who is struggling WITH an elite QB?
"You either pay the ticket to leave, or you can take odds on a roulette wheel. you charge... to park... at a casino...?"
reddit says it's a bad place so liking it is the ultimate sin What's wrong with tumblr?
"I don't know about you, but I charge my breeches whenever one of those explodes near me. The effort that went into these operators better be greater than the effort that went into spell check..."
Oh I forgot this Chicharito is not a Real Madrid player.
The what now? That the holocaust didn't happen
"Should have been using OneNote for that purpose anyway! I was going to open notepad and start a list of apps to get when I have W10M, but.. yeah"
Should have used a hammer. Sister had a creative way to give me a steam gift card. Little challenge at that.
"Yes, but they're not the same type of christian that he is, therefore they are not christian... Duh. Still made my point. The vast majority of the people in congress are christian."
"On another, completely separate note, the California legislature today announced it will pass a bill to collect a new ""Nestle Tax"" which will be funnelled directly from citizens paycheques to the company's bank account. California Releases Revised Water Consumption Rules"
"The sad state of r/india where people claim to be well read and still struggle to catch simple sarcasm. Dude invest your time on good books. Anything written by chetan bhagat is pure stupidity. Anwhoo, that's my suggestion,choice is upto you."
"Because expressing one's thoughts and views is the epitome of an echochamber. Ghazi's response was really hilarious. They actually called the comments sections ""echochambers"". Yes, really."
Nice to see they are keeping us informed about the upcoming TU Halo community update 8/14
But...but...people who carry guns are dangerous! Conviction rate among Texas licensed Conceal-Carriers
We must stop the horrors of free trade and international economic cooperation! #StopTTIP: Tens of thousands protest trade deal with US in Berlin right now
"Guys, I think we can ask agree that Lugano is the most convenient location. No screw that, Geneva for once."
Kill yourself. Planning a day of intense physical and mental relaxation tomorrow - any fun suggestions from the Trapper Keeper crowd? Edgelords are also welcome to suggest self-mutilation or suicide.
Classy! This happened today in West London.
"Yeah, fuck that kid for liking Cena, amirtie? Just reminds me of that kid at Summerslam. God he was annoying."
"Then why didn't they push Titanic away from iceberg, smartass? You're comparing a truck to a 70ft boat? Pushing on pilings is standard practice when docking in a slip."
it's 50/50 either u get it or u don't R I P rng
I guess I should have included a Lol don't actually do this OP
yeah life was so much better when there was a telecoms monopoly and you had to wait 3 weeks for BT to install a new telephone line in your house. PETER HITCHENS: Privatisation! Free trade! Shares for all! The great con that ruined Britain
I thought we only had Pakistanis lurking here. 128-9 I think we have Koreans lurking here.
We should trade Lundqvist for him. Richards now 8-0 in game 7s. wow
Portland joining the ranks of viral police brutality videos is just what we need to keep people from moving in The Droogs from a Clockwork Orange had a much more efficient homeless policy than Hales ever concocted.
"Wait, wait, stop the presses, a driver in a large SUV is driving like an a-hole who owns the road? Atlanta driving in a nutshell."
"Ban all outsiders from our competitions because they are too good! Region lock is awesome Finally somone wins a tournament and is actually proud, excited, happy. Games were awesome. I reall like how this new system has worked out so far. And we still get to see all the top tier Koreans in GSL and SSL. ... win win"
"Oh yes, of course, how silly of me to forget. Cis privilege."
How wonderfully progressive and tolerant of them. I would love to give you the exchange but I deleted my account because people from the same Reddit where going throigh my post history on mental disorder subreddits and using them to attack.
Because we all know they don't try to piss any of us off on purpose. They also may get really angry at the use of the colour pink for them.
It's not The Coalition's fault that you play with a NES controller. An average occurrence on Gears
"Can't complaint though, because it's the *affordable* healthcare plan :-D That's me. I don't qualify for Medicare and the lowest priced option I have as a 26yr old healthy male is $167. I am going to go with the $200 option because the $167 is shit for copays and such. Or just go without and pay the fine. Seriously I'm stressed out. I do worry about getting injured or sick and being fucked but with $200 a month for decent coverage, Im fucked either way."
"He's white, he's obviously to blame for everything man Wth you did nothing wrong.."
But... chewing gum... Hitler! Except for the part where Hitler commited outright genocide and propagated that as a means of advancement for his nation...I don't see how Lee Kuan Yew did anything remotely like that to advance his city-state.
John Howard and George Bush were on the right track...we should've allowed them to complete whatever they wanted to do. Yeah I was gonna say. Following America into Vietnam and Iraq was pretty fucking stupid.
"Was it any good? F.Y.I. if you missed last night's OKC-Warriors game, NBA TV will be showing it on their 'Marquee Matchup' at 1:30PM Pacific time Last night's game was amazing! I'm not always home for these Sat night games, but boy was I lucky to watch that magnificent contest!"
Well Obummer wasn't born in 'Murica so close enough. My weird religious fanatic neighbor claims Obama is the anti-christ. What is even more strange is years before Obama became pres this neighbor was saying that the anti-christ would be a blonde guy with blue eyes from the nordic regions.
I want to hear Matt get crushed if Craig disses bond. I'm so excited! Daniel Craig on @Hardwick 's IG
"das schreibt man neuerdings ""Gulack"" Ins gulag."
Surely you wood leki teh mane Surely Don't call me Surely.
"Personally I think the Red Sox should cut David Price after his horrid performance yesterday Who on your team has played well/poorly early on in Spring Training? So I haven't been paying as much attention to ST as I normally do, very busy at work and school. Can anyone fill me in on who on your team is performing onwell, as expected or poorly or who has surprised or underwhelmed? Obviously, it's super early, a small sample and probably won't matter in a few weeks but I'm still curious. Thanks in advance!"
If you want to be just like him the first thing you need to do is take me to the final five. *Coughs* What a suave guy he must be-I wish I could be just like him *Sneezes*
yes ladies and gentlemen Razz? Is that you?
"Pewdiepie Who is a good reviewer/player of games? I like watching walkthroughs with funny and insightful commentary. i figured rather than actually buy a bunch of games that i'll play for 15 minutes a day before i have to take care of household tasks and job stuff, i'd rather just watch someone play and make funny comments and talk about shit. especially for console exclusives. what reviewers and play-through-ers do you guys turn to for entertainment?"
did you just assume my gender? Are you a boy or a girl?
"Maybe that one guy was AFK? I think they said one guy had to leave and they filled the slot. The kills per player shows this. One guy has like 30, the rest are in the hundreds."
"Yeah, that's probably what's on the screen There might be some milk still inthe computer and you did not know it"
"Yeah, because people see that happen everyday. The day I no longer see a kangaroo choke out another kangaroo."
"Hose it off, spray it down with some WD-40, replace the batteries, good as new! Drone found at bottom of river"
You mean he didn't plan ben-ghazi? Great point. People need to remember this. Obama is a victim just like the rest of us. Anyone who believes all of these foreign policies are his own is delusional
but it HELPS DEPORT THE ILLEGAL ALIENS You don't have to dehumanize them if they're already sub-human.
"#FAVORS SANDERS PPP uses internet polling to supplement their landline polling, their average error of the 14 states they've polled this year has been underestimating Clinton by 8.5pts and overestimating Sanders by 0.5pts."
You forgot your LEO's can do no wrong.
"I tip my fedora to you, for you have much greater class than is simple plebs. Folks from the greatest generation just have way more class"
No not at all You realize you replied to a comment from 24 days ago?
"Why are these even relavent? What's your budget, where do you work, do you have a car?"
"Yeah, you won't get a post hoc rationalization from them... ""A Psychologist Explains..."" ...um. As usual, the psychologist fails to explain a social phenomenon the audience finds troubling, he simply explains why *it isn't something THEY need to be concerned about.* If you want an explaination, ask someone who has a tattoo. Or Fakir Mustifar - you can't shut that guy up."
"""there is no way humans can influence the climate!!"" The world used to be empty and simple, now it's full, fast and complex. This image always scares me. Going to be a wild ride over the next 30 years."
"but is the stream in canada? There should be a stickied FAQ about the Live Eleague TV Feed Seems like a very good idea, as there are a lot of posts with people asking questions and complaints such as their aspect ratio on screen is bad, or how they can watch it online. It would help clean up a lot of the posts, and also help answer most of the questions people are asking."
Forgot your I was being sarcastic
"Hookers Hi Reddit, what is the thing you never try to buy cheap and why ?"
No it's expensive so that means it doesn't work as good Looks like it would work just fine to me...
"No way brah, they fixed the rubber banding in this patch just like the Mac framerate problems! Question: I've been having (worse!) connection/rubber banding/fps issues for the last few days without any reason I can think. Any one else know or have this issue? This whole weekend I've had so much trouble connecting, maintaining a good fps, and with rubberbanding. I've had these problems ongoing (as many other people have) but the last few days have been unbearable and nearly unplayable. I've searched reddit, and the battlenet forums and I don't see anyone else complaining about these issues so I'm at a loss of what to do. At first I thought maybe it's just my connection but the latency bar at the bottom is always green and just 20 min ago I was playing with a friend on vent and there were no problems whatsoever with my vent connection and yet I lagged out so hard that my game disco'd. My question is, I guess, is there anything I can do to minimize or even eliminate this problem? Even links with advice would be helpful because I can't even seem to find those. Thanks in advance."
"F-150 /thread What car screams ""I'm probably a nice person"""
Capitalism is the BEST at resource management! The only thing the politicians are paying attention to are the checks from donors.
Stop being lazy and use the stairs! Erin Riley about to go down
London has fallen The queen of England wears a headscarf too!
"Basically means that if the project was called Nighthawk instead, then it would have fared better. Do you think Wizards is sending a signal after their cease and desist?"
if only we had weakened encryption and created state sponsored backdoors this wouldn't have happened FBI says foreign hackers penetrated state election systems
"I saw him in Lousiville, KY (I live in Lexington) and now I'm thinking about moving. Pokemon Tour Van"
"yeah but who wants to go to harbor freight every week when their tools break? Jokes on you, brother. Harbor Freight has the same lifetime replacement warranty on hand tools."
"Sorry, according to r/audiophile hans zimmer is a pop artist masquerading as a composer so you won't find any of his material in anything other than 128kb mp3 recorded with some string and a tin can. Is this available in better quality? It is truly incredible."
"Good thing reaffirming Redditors are a homogenic mass. Everyone else on Reddit is one person, remember?"
"Please, now that Joe Oliver is back, someone has the monitor the secret conservative underground bunker and keep it ready for when a leftish party gets elected and the apocalypse starts. Where's Ed? Minister of Science and Technology missing from all election events / debates"
I'll have you know that I've seen two Lions wins in my life Nothing like living in denial.
"Black lives matter not all lives matter u bigot You should quit ""thinking"""
It was Literally everyone who had seen the video.
Well that explains why everyone is so mad that Japan and Europe are missing color variants of one of the most common amiibo. Didn't you hear? Australia joined the union ;)
"But everyone *knows* minorities aren't treated like second class citizens! This is why those who are ultra-religious are getting more desperate to take over the government. They're looking at becoming the minority, and they're afraid they'll be treated the same way they treated the other minorities when they were in charge."
You obviously missed the You realize that the PS4 is using 8gb gddr5 for THE ENTIRE SYSTEM?
"Oh yes that explains why people are developing altcoins. He answered with a ""what"" - the difference in number system, which is also a ""why""."
Clickbaity title needs a FOTL 2017 Features!
They should just shut up and accept extra judicial killings because Bibi said they're inciters. Irony: Inciting PA complains against Israeli 'executions'
"Is she sure she still wants it? You won't have to. (I'm assuming you are not a Trump supporter based on your courteousness and lack of calling me a cuckhold) And on a slightly similar note, my Canadian wife of 13 years just became a US citizen at the beginning of this month, after all these years, so she could finally vote."
"Good thing you blurred out that kid otherwise I'd know who he is and *who knows what I'd do*! So my brother found an old bottle washed up on Portsmouth beach, inside was an amazing letter from 1823! Pictures included."
I don't see anything out of the ordinary for this subreddit Look at the user name of the person you just responded to. He might have been trying to bait you.
I think he's waiting on us to do something........must be a psy frame deck Psy Psy Frames?
it's a wonder you're bipolar. I have but he works all day like 7 til 11 so the last thing he wants to do is continue photoshopping :P Owen
"And we all know Hollywood is all about realism Almost like how there's so much rape in real life, huh"
"I noticed that you didn't pay for the oxygen either, you cheap bastard! As someone who attends a lot of conferences for work, WiFi and an electric connection are both way overpriced, usually. At the last one I attended, I had to set up the booth and everything by myself since I was the unlucky one chosen to fly in a day early. Because it was almost dead, I'd plugged my cell phone into the plug behind the booth's curtain. About 15 minutes later, someone with a clipboard was coming around and stopped at the booth, saw my phone plugged in and told me that my company hadn't paid for power so I needed to unplug the phone immediately and that we'd be banned from the facility if they saw anyone from the company using it again during the rest of the event unless we shelled out another $300 or something like that (I don't remember the actual price, but for a two day event, it was way more electricity than we'd ever use considering they'd already ran the power plugs for everyone else in booths around us). Seriously, what the fuck?"
"Eek barba Durkle, somebody's going to get laid in college. Don Quixote would disagree."
How can this be in a country the regularly tops the list for education standards? 70% of Chinese don't know that ivory comes from dead elephants
Grow up! I am 34 years old. I still rip the plastic off of a new game and open the box as I get in the car.
You forgot the Really fantastic. We should shut the sub down. This is the pinnacle of the six word story.
"You should play comp. Suggest me servers to play on I live on the East Coast so keep that in mind (I like playing with &lt; 80 ping). I like fun mods like vsh, jb, surf, etc. I don't care about people spamming chat, as long as the community is nice and the server is fairly full at most times"
Variance is the only reason i ever lose a game Examining Variance in TCGs
The officers actions were clearly defensive in nature and completely within department protocol. Under which circumstances exactly is it ok for the police to spit on you?
"But they can't because of their conditions I absolutely hate that shit! If you take up two seats, you should stand."
What about the rest of it? this part was so fucking good
"You're everywhere on this thread! Okay, can we stop this? We know the people that we see everywhere. They know they're everywhere. So can we just...okay?"
"It's a good thing the ec are such an ethical bunch of guys. Donald Trump has given Electoral College strong grounds to reject him, say ethicists"
When you put it like that... Throw in some fart jokes from 50 year old and I'm in You mean you don't like hearing about bloody marys and bruce springstein concerts?
"Hey now, Enhanced Medica and Quick Stoneskin are *fantastic*. Obviously Scholar needs even more buffs. Let's wait for 4.0 when Whm and now probably Astro are getting nerfed again, while Bane is now also spreading heals to everyone."
"Disagreement with the norm = homophobia. ""though I strongly disagree that everyone who disagrees with gay couples should be referred to as homophobic."" Yup, that's all you need to know."
"It's those left wing institutions that are putting out misleading data and statistics for liberals to use as ammo. No no, it's that Trump is telling the truth all the time, but the *liberal media* frame him to look like he's lying. Not to say that it never happens, but you don't have to look far to find Trump contradicting himself."
Tony Abbott did it. I hate to think this could have been sparked by last Tuesday's budget.
Sword Art Online Fairy Arc What is the best arc in anime? I'm looking for a good show to watch and was wondering what you guys consider is the best overall arc in anime.
"TIL black people don't blush. Well... maybe not explicitly, per se, but a mention is made of her white face peeking out from behind a tree, and several mentions of her being pink because of blushing are made. She is described has having brown skin once... in a manner suggesting that the characters were a bit surprised and that it was due to tanning (because her family had been on vacation in the tropics)."
Get an Intel chip So my computer caught fire today
"Official merch quote; ""FEEL THE BERN"" I sure hope not."
Looks like Big Government wasteful spending to me Dukes Archives?
"I do believe in Zombies, I do, it's true.. It's true"
I couldn't in time How do you stop yourself from turning into a bitter old man?
"Yeah, working towards peace is such a carebear goal, how shitty Nah, every friday in Stormwind is ""Happy Sunshine and Friendship Day"" now with Anduin as King."
"Maybe college football is rigged and they're hinting at the drama that WILL come later! I don't get it. Why not, ya know, wait until you actually need it? What are they doing, getting an early bird rate? Fucks sake....."
How many times? Knife a wall enough times and it turns purple
"Jokes on you, people hack their friends' Facebook all the time! Hackers: what they are, what they do, and how they do it"
well as long as Kevan Miller is in the lineup i don't think it matters who is out there because he'll just shut everyone down Claude says that it's not guaranteed Griffith plays tonight.
"This decision has nothing to do with big Oil being based in Texas. Why Texas Bans the Sale of Tesla Cars: Musk is declaring war on car dealers, but car dealers are also declaring war on Musk. They have already successfully booted him out of Texas and there is anti-Tesla legislation pending in North Carolina, Colorado and Virginia."
"DUNT FOCUS ON 1 CHACRTER, HAV 2 SHAR SPOTLITE ON 3 Why is everyone mad at the three protagonists? I loved it in GTA."
"You mean yuge? Surprisingly, I got the Entire Family to Vote Johnson/Weld My family includes two Kasich supporters, a Bernie-Bro, a Rubio supporter and me (the odd libertarian). It sounded like they were all going to vote for Clinton today when they told me that they had all voted Johnson. I was elated. It's a small victory, but for me it was huge."
"Because the tax break _completely_ balances all of the expenses of _raising_ those children! Co-worker who brags about having 4 kids and tax refunds Le me in the break room at work talking to another child free coworker about how high were the taxes we had to pay this year, minding our own business. Then cue the proliferated breeder woman that works with us and overheard us and had to butt in: With my four kids we get a lot of refunds during tax season every year, ya'all should have some kids to lower your taxes. Now here we are complaining about taxes and her solution is to make more kids... we both sighed and just left the room without giving her a response... we figured avoiding talking to a spawning pit would keep us sane."
"Sleak as hell, huh? Did...did you just ask him out through small talk on vasectomy?"
"Well have you tried bars? Yeah I can understand that, girls probably get many messages every day and if they made it known that they are dtf it would he even worse, I wish there were an easier way to go about it without coming off creepy, I'm also so much better at talking/flirting in person, messaging sucks lol"
Obviously every intellectual on Reddit with an engineering degree. What kind of skills would make a participant more attractive for said mission?
"but it was gays who said it tho, surely that counts for something? UKIP clearly trying hard to shake off that racist, bigoted image then..."
"Cause HTC invented the number ""One"" right? Are there any copyright issues with HTC over the name of this phone? I'm genuinely curious."
Nope totally not a joke at all... Sex on stage
DWS acted alone. So.. a platform that Hillary will forget after she is officially the nominee? Cool.
Wow! TIL Composition notebooks have had the same design for 200 years
He actually was like the mask and had all the store employees doing a dance when the cops arrived. Don't forget the heat seeking rounds
"Gotta harness the power of positive ions to repel the negative ones Crystal healing isn't really a new trend. It's been around for decades in the new age spiritual movement. It could be experiencing a resurgence though. The practice was derived from some Native American shamanism and probably has a much longer history there. It is absolutely considered pseudoscience and there have been no scientific studies that have shown any causal relationship between crystals and an individuals health. It's as effective as magnet therapy and reiki, in that it is at best as effective as a placebo. The big flag of all of these psudosciences is the use of the term ""energy"" in a nebulous way. Energy is the term for the ability to do work and its unit of measurement is joules. It is essentially the measurement of what makes something happen. You will never hear a new ager use the unit joules. The new age / spiritual understanding of ""energy"" is completely unscientific."
"As of this moment, this was posted 3 hours ago and has hardly any comments and yet it's on the front page... seems legit. You actually think that??"
"Make 'em crawl to you on their knees, Bernie! Bring Back Bernie Sanders. Clinton Might Actually Lose To Trump."
Freddie Adu He might be the only person ever in any sport in our lifetime to surpass the ridiculous hype he has gotten. Who are other candidates?
"Jokes on you, it's actually a Taking Back Sunday reference Brand New reference was unexpected... but upvote for you"
They don't even try with these easter eggs anymore. Saw this when i started a hesit on GTAV.
"Tell my woman to make it... Hey Reddit, how do you make your favorite sandwich?"
"Yeah, there's no way these guys play hungover... Just imagine how Killa performs at all these events Well I wouldn't expect much from OpTic today. Clay just woke up and is hungover..."
Almost as if it was done for the picture! Who hangs that shit on the wall next to their tiger poster? Wouldn't it be better stored in the back of some private drawer?
Robidas Island has a new resident. Leivo still injured
"If there's anything pubs taught me, is that Undying is a great offlaner. Only thing that'd be a bitch is the laning, who gets stuck on offlane duty?"
"Bodyshot spam is hard :( But then how will they get accommodations for that 3 kill streak from their 1337 sn1p3r 360noscope if they die at the end? Give them a break man, I'm sure their shoulders are sore from carrying the whole team by taking potshots at tracers feet and having them only miss because of lag."
ANTI-GOVERNMENT! I couldn't tell you honestly. My guess would be they aren't an exception.
"Turn it into a cafe racer! Good luck. Getting it moving will probably cost you about $1000, getting it moving well will cost about $2000. Do the old girl right, but dont start burning money on it."
Clearly those signs were a threat to national security! Bernie Endorsement of Hillary. Hillary security guard rips bernie fan's sign down
Needs more lens flare Martian Sunrise
"I can't believe this comment is so low either. What do you mean more coverage, this literally just happened now, give it some hours ffs..."
"Yeah, how dare this non-american not know anything about a place he's never been! Man, you bet your ass there are slums and 'poor neighborhoods'. Fucking bet there are trailer parks. Not everyone is in the top 1%. Yes there are states dominated mostly by whites since they are like 80% of the US population. But there are certainly CITIES and NEIGHBORHOODS dominated by blacks or Mexicans. Crazy some people don't realize the world is like this. Not calling you an idiot just crazy the lack of awareness in general."
sorry forgot to include the How did you find out his full team?
Save short sands! Definitely down the beach a bit from manzanita. I've walked by that house many times. Just over the mountain there is shortsands beach.
16% of the country should be deported Britain Elects on Twitter: Current EU migrants living in the UK should... Be allowed to stay: 84% Be required to leave: 16% (via ICM)
"Lol I'm sorry -___,-"
Crezi? era orasul luat
"Excellent legal analysis. The logical of the modern day liberal: Gay marriage first appears several hundred years after the constitution was written, but liberal law experts assure us that it is always been there. However, according to these same experts, the explicit protections of the 2nd amendment are no longer applicable. In other words, what fits their ideology is what is in the constitution. Nothing more, nothing less."
"I, for one, completely trust the anonymous faceless nameless source in this story completely! Take a look at this new batch of bullshit propaganda! Are people still falling for this ridiculous disinfo?"
Athene Do any high elo players play on locked cam?
Isn't that the crash site of [the helicopter you knock down during The Paleto Score?] Switched to Trevor only to wake up in an empty pool with a crashed helicopter and half burned down motel
bet it'd be sunny &amp; 75 outside right now if George W was still in office; thanks obama Goddamnit Obama...
I just hope people don't become upset with muslims over this or this thing could be a tragedy. EASTER MASSACRE! At Least 53 DEAD After Suicide Bomber Targets Christians Celebrating Easter in Lahore Park
"Xhaka you traitor! Basel team to face AFC: Vaclik, Lang, Suchy, Xhaka, Balanta, Traore, Bjarnason, Zuffi, Fransson, Doumbia, Steffen"
"Well of course *broads* disapprove of Trump. Clinton Vaults to a Double-Digit Lead, Boosted by Broad Disapproval of Trump (Poll)"
cops doing unlawful things what a surprise. Video surfaces in DUI lawsuit showing officers planning fabricated charges
I heard that kony doesn't approve of digix either Does Digix check the boxes on coinbase's security framework? - We Need a Serious Discussion On US Federal Securities Law.
"Well ofcourse you store all your word files on onedrive so everything is still there! windows update literally bricked my friends pc last month and then win8.1's super smart ""repair pc without losing your files"" formatted his C drive and did a fresh install"
Hahahahahahahahaha #'Murica
They're white and Christian so.. ya know :^) How is it assault if he was murdered?
"Git gud I never miss CS I farm all 3 lanes and both jungles if you can't do this you shouldn't be playing meepo GG noob meepo Meepo Super Carry??? I've just had an idea about my favourite hero Meepo. I'm sure everyone knows that in the control settings, you can allow your teammates to control your hero/units. If any team is skilled enough to pull this off, couldn't you potentially make Meepo into a super carry with the experience and gold gain of 3 lanes??? Microing 3 lanes for a lot of Meepo players is very difficult and I feel if the whole team help out Meepo by controlling one in each lane he would stomp every game easy? Their would be less deaths due to bad awareness also. The only problem I could think of would be poof, but I'm sure there is a way round that. If not please don't flame me xD, it's just a nice idea."
What cell tower? This cell tower is poorly disguised.
Your appeal to ridicule has served to invalidate everything buzzwell posted. Tell us more about this. How do the Illuminati factor in? Is MARTA secretly powered by HAARP? Inquiring minds want to know.
"So this obviously means he's in two walking boots now..... never trust coaches..... Adam Green on Twitter: ""Bruce Arians says Andre Ellington is not in a walking boot, ""which is a nice thing for a Wednesday."""""
You can't even brute force them into looking useful Smartwatch
"I'm still upset how Obama handled hurricane Katrina. don't give them any ideas, the Obama hate is so strong among a lot of people they'll start to argue that he did pass laws before he was in office."
If it's unreal then stop photo shopping pictures on reddit you asshat! THIS LOOT IS UNREAL!
"OP must be feeling so stupid right now... Seriously, how could someone not pick up on something *so obvious!* :)"
"This post is problematic. My hispanic husband's family wants us to throw a quinceanera for our daughter. As a feminist, I'm not really comfortable with this. Any advice is appreciated."
"Good thing Psyonix hand selects certain wheels to be painted grey... Because i just couldnt live without painted grey wheels... Some things would probably be kind of silly with colored variants, and if everything had a colored variant it would be kind of hard to get the cool ones. I think they are making things that would look good colored first."
"nope, they only protect criminals... CHR ?"
Seems you left off 2013/2010 Auburn * 2014 Auburn * 2014 Tennessee * 2012 Auburn * 2013 Tennessee * 2011 Auburn * 2012 Tennessee * 2009 Auburn * 2011 Tennessee * 2008 Auburn * 2010 Tennessee * 2001 Auburn * 2009 Tennessee * 1999 Auburn * 2008 Tennessee
"Also FIVE TIME Finals Champion Derek ""THE GOAT"" Fisher 1996 is up there too: Iverson Camby Shareef Marbury Ray Allen Antoine Walker Kobe Peja Nash Jermaine O'Neal Z Ben Wallace"
"Ya, the democrats, by contrast, don't act anything like that. Starve the Beast so corporations can sack and pillage. The GOP represents international corporate interests, not American, or the people, international for-profit companies. Heck, the GOP are probably doing China and Israels bidding too."
Onlyusemeusername is ugly What is the most ridiculous thing you've heard someone say?
"Pan's Labyrinth was so bad right? There we go. I was wondering when the ""It is all the studio's fault"" drum beat was going to start to justify yet another Del Toro failure. Yeah.. Del Toro's latest turd fell flat because the greedy studio heads fucked it over with marketing... Del Toro sucks. His movies are terrible."
"Clearly you didn't read the sign because I now know that all REAL Muslims are terrorists. Some kind of Wesboro rip-off hate group thanking god for AIDS and calling Muslims terrorists. I'm pretty sure the cheering was sarcastic, at least I hope it was."
"Andersson is the biggest, dirtiest goon in the league, taking the crown from Justin Abdelkader. Andesson's slash was bad, but the non call is the best thing to happen to this thread. Nothing like a guy being called a goon due to something that happened in less than 1 second. He did it on purpose and the only way the wings can win is if they injure the entire Lightning team!"
yay hurray for only being able to sprint for a minute or two! Once stamina and encumbrance come in its gonna be walking simulate +. I personally can't wait.
"That's exactly how I answer my phone! i mean the subject of masturbation comes up sometimes in relationships and friendships, never, ever, in this context, but the conversation is not out of the realm of possibility. But, also I feel like the conversation would kind of spring up organically and only around people you're really comfortable with. Though, I would never ask someone out of the blue, ""hey you like to masturbate a lot?"""
addiction aint real lululululul You'd be suprised
"If these are 1080 benchmarks, where are the 4k benchmarks? JayzTwoCents 1080 benchmarks."
You forgot No it is not. Samsung estimates 24 failures per million sold. 35 Samsung confirmed cases so far. This is no joke.
"No, they just need to go out, because fat women aren't women. no, because like, all women need to do in order to get men is go outside and not be fat, duh~"
Greenwood here... I think I could make the drive though. indianapolis.....
Bradley Nowell &amp; Peter Tosh. Name a guitarist who is/was extremely influential despite being mediocre on the instrument.
If turkey identifies as a golden retriever does it get to be a therapy animal? These therapy animals are getting out of control
"you forgot your That mostly has nothing to do with reaction time, there was a big buffer when he jumped up (maybe .2 or .3 of a second) then the rest is muscle memory with the flick."
"Please, you mean Mexicans... Angel as a guy's name only sounds weird to people who don't know any Hispanic people."
"Hmm who deserves to win more, a person who was in multi fighting people and actually surviving or a guy who just stands in 1 tile in the middle of nowhere chomping food... Yea woox totally deserves 10k #ThatsJustHowHeWantsToPk"
Yeah because VR games are all demos and we shouldn't have to pay full price. You forgot the part where they tell you you should make the game free.
"Robots ain't takin our jobs, but them damn H1B's are! Is your job at risk from robot labor? Sysadmins rank low on list."
Too sharp to be real life since we see life in 720p and 30 Fps. 6 Year old modded pc game or real life?
"But it's ok if you're on the left and when democracy is oppressive. Leftists do not seem to understand how democracy works. The U.K. Voted to leave, and now they're moving the goal posts in order to get the result they wanted instead. This is an attempt to subvert democracy."
"Nah man was just joking you see that camera over there, was just a small prank What if your brother cut off your arm and raped your sister? Also sending for bounty hunters to chase you every night? Dude."
"Oh, TIL ""Putin"" is Russian for ""No one""..... Everyone thinking this is going to start a war are morons. No one wants to fight in a war. The U.N. will write a letter to Russia and say that is naughty, Shame on you."
"working a full day wow PogChamp Peter Rothmann on Twitter: ""As a lot of teams are living of their CSGO salaries, we're trying out ""real work times"" and will have practice during the day 2day as a test"""
"Hmm, and I thought only centers and pfs (or basically anyone who shoots 25% or less) were allowed to shoot 3's in brad's system James Young 13 Points Full Highlights (1/5/2015)"
thats work really well on allepo Didn't he say he would work with the Russians to get rid of ISIS. Pretty sure he said that at the debate.
Aw that sucks :( I'm pretty sure after I opened one his posts on my phone it gave my grandmother cancer. It's toxic.
Which ACLs? RG3's knees playing on Heinz feild every year... RIP ACLs
Cavs should've worn their dark blue unis The Cleveland Cavaliers (36-14) face the Sacramento Kings (21-30) 7 pm Est
"From NYC to Noblesville...great idea We've lived in a few suburbs and would recommend something on the Northside, Fishers, Noblesville or Carmel."
"But an officer of the law would never do that! And that's the problem. There is absolutely no way at all to tell if the dog actually hit, or if the officer just said it did. I can't believe such completely unreliable crap is allowed in our courts as ""evidence."""
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants Thomas Jefferson its your right to shoot at the government forces that are killing its own people Sound advice here guys. Ive never heard of shooting at police ever ending badly.
I welcome the day where we stop thinking critically about the content contained inside of articles to determine the legitimacy of the arguments being forwarded. Faux news should be banned from a source on this board. It's blatantly anti-HRC propaganda and has no place in civil politics discussion.
"So many people without a clue about hockey find their way to R/HOCKEY after all.... I'm from Montreal actually (do I need to tell you the importance of hockey in Montreal?), but thanks for assuming I knew nothing about the sport we're both obviously fans of just because I cheer for the Kings. Slow clap."
Only if it was directed by Uwe Boll Would anyone watch a Fallout movie?
"Meanwhile Graves and Lucian are garbage tier for the same reason No, it would destroy her. She would become one of the absolute worst, if not the worst adc in lane."
"Linux users like myself being smarter and more attractive than Windows users makes us in no way more elitist! And plenty of Linux users are elitist in a joking way, while plenty of Windows users are elitist in a harmful way."
"For negative karma, got like -30 down lower /can't imagine any of them bringing any of that sweet sweet karma He's been replying that to threads all night fishing for karma"
"Yes for not wanting a girl who wants 3 dicks at once, what a dummy He's a dumb ass for breaking up with you your very sexy"
"Fucking fascist slaves ""Cops protect their bodies from harm while doing their job."""
Such a compassionate god... Apparently babies cure cancer now...
"I don't know what you're talking about Flash is 10/10 and can do no wrong. The new season overall has been just kinda OK imo? Like, I'm not liking some of the plot choices, the romance is still bad, why does Joe need a love interest? Not to mention they pulled another Harrison Wells out of asscrack nowhere just cuz..."
"Remember me to let my 6 year old child to choose our dinner next time, hell I'd love to eat ice cream for the rest of my life! what? im saying its your own damn fault for eating unhealthy, not the schools. if you choose to eat the shit food at school you don't get the right to blame them for getting fat/unhealthy. fat logic is trying to blame the school for not serving quinoa. morons need to realize its not a schools responsibility to serve the healthiest food. you want the best lunch food? go to a private school, bring your own lunch, or walk your fat ass down the block to whatever restaurant has doors your fat ass can fit through."
Because the hours I spend in traffic is my favorite part of the day Self-driven cars. It would take all the fun away.
But Tristam &amp; Braken is one person Which dynamic duo on Monstercat is your favorite?
Just become a cop. Shooting.
"Yeah guys, he is only human! Humans make determinations of things they haven't tried all the time. I very much doubt you don't."
"*Oh it's just a phase, you'll come around I'm sure* As a young woman: proclaiming that I do not want kids."
"I mean, if he beats his hookers viciously then duh, he's gonna crack down on prostitution Totally, Trump is like a pimp you think will crack down prostitution but you somehow think he is going to crack down on anything?"
DRAIN THE SWAMP Leak reveals Rex Tillerson is director of Bahamas-based US-Russian oil company
AO SHIN CONFIRMED? Lunar Revel 2016 - A traveler arrives
Still more NPCs than Watch Dogs. Considerable diversity and beauty from the simplest of Palettes
"nobody tell Blizzard about that one 10 year old, had be illegal for him to play the game! Just a strawpoll on ""How old are r/Overwatch players?"""
"Nice OC art, did you make this yourself? The Six Winged Angel of Death"
"Curious, how does one get bored in warframe? Got bored, drew my friend's warframe character"
We don't need education we have guns. Freedom as in free education and health care.
There should be a comma between 'Fun' and 'too' you incompetent fuckass. Reddit commenters!
"you dropped your maybe he hopes fnatic will lose and make a roster change, giving him a chance to rejoin"
So glad he related it to farts... makes so much sense now. Please Stop Comparing Every Security Flaw to Heartbleed
"But it makes you look so important. Yes That Is Correct, But To Type Like I Am Now For No Particular Reason Is Just Retarded"
"You might get more sleep if you stopped doing heroin What is preventing you? Like, what is stopping you one way or the other? Because I would identify that and fix it. The first draft of my book, I was in the same boat. For example, I realized I really, really hated a lot of the first half. It dragged, it was messy, poor storytelling. I knew I didn't want to keep any of it. It was so far gone there was no fixing it, because I wanted to change pretty much every major event that happened in it. So I got rid of it and went from there. Now, the project has a total revamp to the point where I'd hesitate to call it a ""second"" draft, but the issue is gone. Editing, writing, rewriting, etc., I love it all because I love what I'm working with. I don't know if this would be anything like what you're dealing with, but there's my two cents. Maybe there's something that's keeping you from being as emotionally invested in completion as you think you are. Hopefully that makes sense, I'm running on like...zerooooooo sleep."
Now everyone will ask you if it's an 'iWatch' Upgraded without thinking twice. I love the new design (and thank you so much for not advertising the brand on the watch face)
"So it didn't work the last two times, must be because it was too small. Senate Democrats push for bill to halve every worker's payroll taxes--paid for by 3.25% tax on those earning over $1 million"
"Sorry I forgot I was taking to a bouncer, shouldve added the This was after he got kicked out of Mizzou already. There are plenty of things that I could say about him that would make you laugh at your own statement, but it's troubling you jump to such grand conclusions over one sentence."
"They like money, what if we bait them with reddit gold for every reply, huh? Our problem with the infestation of hackers. So, I've been frequenting this reddit over the past two years since returning back to CS:GO. I've gone from playing only sometimes with friends to religiously (12+ hours a day) and back many times as I have run into the throngs of hackers that infest our ranks. There is hardly anyone in this sub who has not played competitive or casual games with hackers in them and most have experienced the overwhelming anger felt when you are queued against hackers in a game that matters (whether it be ranked or trying to introduce a friend to the game). All this aside, this is not a post (like the countless each week) trying to shed light on this problem, but rather to ask a simple question: what is it going to take to see a response from Valve? I'm not talking about another ban wave or even an increase in VAC Bans over a period of time, I'm talking about a dedicated post that addresses both the concerns of the community while acknowledging that one of their most profiteering games is riddled with hackers and they seem to be doing little to curve the issue. BLUF: We need a response from Valve. We need recognition and we need them to address this issue. Just a simple post would make me feel like we, as a community, are being heard."
What could go wrong? Saudi Arabia just replenished Syrian rebels with one of the most effective weapons against the Assad regime
"The music really fits. Woman stabbed in the heart, doesn't feel the full effects at first."
"Modern art is bad because it makes me have to consider subtle themes about myself and society instead of being a pretty picture. Taken from the front page of r/videos. ""Why is modern art so bad?"""
Well that really frames the debate in a way that will encourage civil and critical thinking. BBC sketch show stages Israeli 'land grab' in London
"It's Bengaluru, you filthy Northie fuck! What is BJP's favorite city? BAN-galore!"
LAME fallout 3 had over 200 endings not buying this trash Number of Endings for Fallout 4 - Confirmed in Interview
"But wait, isn't that communism? One arm, one leg and one good friend"
There's always 9gag! Why reposts happen
I'm retiring take over my spot as Megumi's number 1 fan goodbye Kekkai Sensen. Hue.
"There idiots, and your wrong? At a certain point this is just an issue of descriptive vs prescriptive language. It mightn't be correct from a prescriptive perspective, but it's how I and many others use the language."
"Origins time to shine! Welp, time for the next big game launcher to start steppin up."
"Which is why they admitted it was a huge mistake, apologized, compensated those who got hurt and launched a thorough investigation to ensure it never happens again. Jeb Bush Says His Brother Was Misled Into War By Faulty Intelligence. That's Not What Happened. He and other Republican presidential contenders have a new and bogus spin on how the Iraq war began."
That's only 1 dollar short of a billion. Idk why but that ''$999M'' makes me happy.
Clearly someone will spend the thousands of dollars to permanently fill the blocks to 8mb the day its released. Well it's a good thing we won't see 8mb blocks for a while. A max size does not mean every block will be that big.
You forgot the I was being sarcastic.
"I guess socialized medicine isn't a panacea after all. Many things are not covered, including dental and vision care, some prescription drugs, out of country insurance(so I don't go bankrupt if I break a bone in the US), some medical equipment."
"Yeah, being humane and obeying the law is for pussies. Fuck humane. Kill all these little bastards."
Good thing like butter is though! No I'm not
"Ha, John Cena actually winning a match is much more likely Big Show face turn."
"Hurrah for stealing. Fallout 4 deluxe edition is currently free on the Xbox one store, no joke, check it out Do it before they fix it not sure if it's a glitch"
"Lucario is a mewtwo clone though and they have the same attacks Mewtwo doesn't have his specials reassigned as custom moves for different characters. Not total disconfirmation, but makes at the very least Lucas and Wolf unlikely."
"He was black for like, the whole movie! What was annoying about him in TFA? I thought he was great."
This is the very reason every individual over the age of 6 need to have a concealed weapons permit! Man who tried to rob Waffle House with an AK-47 is shot by customer
That looks NOTHING like Peter Dinklage! Tyrion Lannister by Jake Murray
"Facts get in the way of winning arguments, and winning is all that matters. 10% of Swiss households have handguns to 18% of US households. A permit to carry is much harder to get in Switzerland. Facts matter."
*Con AD se vive mejor* gracia acsion demoqratika
"I could have a beer with Key, so I trust him. Ohk Johnny boy. No misdirection here eh. What xkeyscore? 5 eyes? Naaaaah. Google, they're the ones you've gotta worry about. Hahaha"
just like china where you can choose to either vote for the party or not. UN monitored elections? Release of all political dissidents? Buy only American oil for X number of years?
Twin blast gets root on his grenade and his ult attack speed increased by 50. You can't wait for v29 were rampage will get two stones and his ultimate gives him invulnerability
"It helps you bulk up. And it's a good thing too. It's not like it's a performance enhancer, so why should they? I'd rather have Rondo smoking weed and chilling than drinking and driving....AHEM ^^^jason ^^^kidd"
Came here to say this. Yeah I know: That car totally should have exploded or at least killed everyone inside from the force of the impact.
"It's a free country, they can do what they want! They certainly inspire Wall St. to continue donating huge amounts of money to her campaign."
Because your just an elitist that's wants to be carried by other players at your own gear level What is wrong for me wanting people of similar Ilvls to do mythics?
It will trickle down any moment now Long term economic plan.
"Absolutely, I loved how it tasted like shampoo after sitting in the sun all day. Man, fuck that, Where the hell is BLUE, that was the best Pepsi flavor."
"Here, you dropped this: CIA coup something something legitimate president something something sacred place something NATO something referendum something something. so you see it's all justifiable."
"They buy their bacon from the store to ensure no animals where harmed. Im not a fan of the races my self, but I can see how the rest of Canada loves any chance it gets to shit on Calgary. Whine about animal abuse while they eat their steak and bacon"
"Oh but they're a welcoming friendly place where no one is ever ever mean to anyone This may be an unpopular opinion, but hear me out... So earlier today I stumbled across a post in which a girl had posted a ""nude glam"" look with several decent, to me at least, photos that well displayed the makeup, which I thought was pretty well done (I'm a young woman with not a ton of experience but I could tell she put a lot of effort into the look). I personally didn't have a whole lot of cc to give, so I browsed the comments to see some lovely mua-esque comments about how this girl was only on the front page because she's pretty. This is very, very rude (and ultimately unnecessary) to me. Like what the hell would provoke someone to say shit like that to somebody who very clearly only wished to show off her makeup, in a fucking makeup subreddit mind you, because she didn't have anywhere to go. My jaw dropped as I scrolled through these hateful tirades that maybe weren't completely directed at OP but certainly were not only disrespectful but also lacking any sort of tact. One commenter even had the nerve to say that the girl's makeup ""wasn't even good enough to be on the front page"". Unbelievable. Can someone explain why MUA feels the need to alienate new posters because they're prettier than them? What a hateful group of jealous bitches. I would have been appalled if I was OP. But she handled the hate so well. She calmly said that if something was wrong with her makeup or post, then perhaps they had some actual cc for her, to which almost no one replied. So I guess the point of this post is to get everyone else's opinion. Here is mine: yes, I agree that some to most of the posts that hit the front page are there mostly because the women/men in the pictures are conventionally attractive, but if people have such a fucking problem, USE THE GODDAMN UPVOTE BUTTON TO YOUR ADVANTAGE. Go browse ""new"", give some cc, an upvote, be encouraging, and then move on. Don't use some poor girl's post as an opportunity to hop onto your fucking melodramatic soap box and be a bully. I'm sick of all of the hate over there honestly. It's like, you're dammed if you or don't and that sub is on the way to self implosion. TL;DR: pretty OP gets bashed for being pretty, and responds in a much more polite way than I would have. Thoughts? Oh and by the by, if you missed any of the goldmine that was that thread, I grabbed some screenshots ;) tell me if you'd like to see. (Im on mobile right now but I'm pretty sure I can figure it out)"
"You're so creative I think Will Smith needs to create a new follow up series to Fresh Prince. Basically it would be a few years down the road and Will is a single dad (wife tragically died of ALS or something) of two kids. They have grown up in Bel Air and are just spoiled and whiners and are generally worthless. Will gets a job offer doing the same thing he does now, but it was for far less money and it would require a move back to Philadelphia. He laughs off the offer at first. But during the episode at some point where he sees how spoiled and clueless his kids both are. Realizes they aren't being raised right and that he can't do it in Bel Air. So he quits his job, takes his kids and moves back to Philly and starts teaching them how to be more ""street"" and live on much less money in an attempt to make them more in touch with reality, to have some hard knocks that they can learn from. Etc. etc, blah blah blah."
"But I thought cool meant 'here's a picture of my family that's more than 20 years old'? 50 Classy People From The Past Who Remind Us What ""Cool"" Really Means"
"But no, it's the *Israelis* that don't want peace. Plus the charter specifically states that peace is a waste of time and diplomacy is unacceptable."
This seems like a good personnel decision for a 11-0 team Panthers announce they've signed CB Cortland Finnegan
"Obviously it is your fault for not writing your relationship status on LinkedIN Totally agree. The guy was nasty but completely regardless, I'm in a relationship! So even if he was the most beautiful creature in the world it wouldn't matter."
"Yeah, but he was *'bout dat action baws*. ""Look at Marshawn not answering a single question in any interview ever, what a hilarious, respectable guy!"" ""Look at Cam only answering a handful of questions at two post game press conferences his entire career, what a whiney asshole piece of shit!"" Not that I have anything against Marshawn, I don't care if you answer questions or not, just pointing out the double standard."
"No way, man....they're totally telling us what to care Yes, they're not, because corporate controled media caters to the wants of the viewing public and the public doesn't care."
I think that's insurance fraud Flipping cars. Would make a couple thousand bucks in a weekend sometimes.
"What an original question. My fellow Americans, should Syria be our redline in the sand when it comes to a govt. hell bent on abusing power? Let's be honest here, we're going downhill fast. The economy sucks, no one in the media will even mention inflation, we are war weary, and we're governed by a bunch of corrupt/inept assholes. I can't help but feel that Syria may be the breaking point for a lot of us. We need to reel govt. back in and remind them that they are the servants of the people, not our masters. They are elected to serve the will of the people, rather than impose their will upon us. We can debate the methods to do this forever, but my suggestion is to recall or unseat every elected official who is currently holding a federal office."
"Clearly they were weighted coins provided by the big banks All three times it happened, HRC won."
LSU BAD INFLUENCE Punches arise between Dolphins WR Jarvis Landry and CB Bobby McCain
"It got me thinking that, maybe, some of the people who love pair programming so much cannot really code and are just hiding behind someone else work. It got me thinking, maybe people that talk so bad about pair programming have huge egos."
"But #notallchristians right? After Planned Parenthood attack, no calls to close churches or register Evangelicals"
Kyle's gonna be the new mountain Kyle's most recent video Kyle says he is going on a diet and is trying to get buff for something in the future. This got me thinking about what he could be doing. Recently George R.R. Martin offered to kill fans off in Game of Thrones for money. I think Kyle is going to be killed in Game Of Thrones in the near future.
"Personally, I swear by clown pants! Swordpants What's up with that? They look good, but that's the only point right?"
Le ebin linux master race amirite? Playing HC on a unreliably updating OS? Lol.
"Hey man, I am allowed to have my opinion that we should kill violent prisoners and hobos, along with force under 25's into under paid work without rights. I see the MSM finally found an appropriate individual to frame this with. It sickens me that as a species we are so incredibly shallow and self centered that we need to talk about how shitty things are for a particularly vulnerable person, with the right optics, before we can be allowed to have a serious discussion about how completely ass backwards and inappropriate the general attitude towards welfare is, or the shameless bastards that keep painting it as being of no practical value every chance they get, with no right of reply."
"Sounds like the offer of the century Found in my spam inbox, she has something important to say."
"How nice of our reptilian overlords to be willing to do even the most insignificant jobs passing as field reporters of local news; I like these guys. ""REPTILIAN FOX Reporter SHAPESHIFTING !! Live ! WAKE UP HUMANS!"""
Its for photosynthesis Don't think the hood is gonna help.
Where was this taken? My friend's photo of the Atlanta skyline
"""I present the best friend of the year."" I don't understand the title."
"Yes, it's definitely not possible that people could have trauma related to miscarrying or anything Did you really add a trigger warning? HAHA"
"Yeah, but why do people like him? P.K. Subban's All Goals From The 2014 / 2015 NHL Season. (HD)"
But... but.. Reddit keeps saying 'Slippery Slope' is bullshit Incrementalism. Like a frog in a boiling pot.
So clearly you've had gene therapy otherwise that would be impossible 9 yrs ago i decided to lose weight around this time of year. I'm 5'9 (female) and went from 200 to around 130 in the span of about a year. Have managed to keep the weight off pretty well I'd say.
"Seriously, how is that not obvious at this point? Uhhhh, cuz you can still lose half your assets and get fucked in the ass if you post on those subs! TRP magically grants asset retention and ass safety."
"Globalism is only good when America runs the world America will annex its neighbours... BECAUSE FREEDOM, AMERICA IS GOOD GUYS ANSCHLUSS CANUCKREICH 2017"
"Maybe CSKA wanted to not play their main defender Fernandez on the next matchday against second-placed Lokomotiv, so he got a red card on purpose. a fixed match with red cards? Come oon"
I always knew that god was on our side High winds have damaged Ohio State's scoreboard
Reddit: we did it! Trump: 'Bernie sanders has abandoned his supporters by endorsing pro-war pro-TPP pro-Wall Street Crooked Hillary Clinton.'
"You dropped this Yeah, a migration to gazelle with the existing database of music would be an incredible head-start on rebuilding."
3/10 didnt use real fire. My Annie cosplay ^_^ what do you guys think?
"if (option.unlockedfps == true) { framerate.unlocked = true; } else { framerate.unlocked = false; } // ""i am actually in my third year of studying game development so i actually do know alot"" lol"
"Oh no. Whether it was intentional or not, this comment just spurred a lot of rude antireligious comments"
This was a pcmasterrace joke... from 4 months ago. DayZ does not support SLI
"Mild autumns and winters might be nice when compared to inhospitable summers. An aspect of climate change, that I am finding incomprehensible, are my work colleges enthusing about how good it will be have mild autumns and winters. Any talk of negative consequences gets played as ""worrying about nothing"" or laughed off as ""don't be silly"". I no longer contribute to chats on the subject, but can't help but think that they are representative of a fair size of Australian opinion. I hope I'm wrong."
"Everything's good over in Arena, guys! Too much burst damage in too many decks now. Do they need to tone it down? It seems so many decks now do too much damage. Druids with savage roar doing 20+ in a turn. Warlocks with Leeroy/overwhelming/faceless doing 20+ Miracle rogues doing 30 Hp in a turn Shamans doing leeroy rockbiter windfury doing 20+ it just feels too bursty to me. Its like the game has become a race. Im scared to drop below 20 hp in any game im involved in now. Is it too much? Should they change it somehow? or are you happy with the state of the game? In the past Blizzard have publicly demonstrated that they are against OTK decks yet there are so many of them around now."
"Yes, I think the person who wrote this was in the wrong section. Are you sure you don't mean COD?"
"Man buns. Apart from the internet, which invention/innovation or development of ours would astound the people of 1916 had they witnessed it and which will still impress the people of 2116?"
"Well maybe that's what he's planning to spend all the donated money for Maybe he knows a reason as to why the super delegates would flip that we don't, other than winning?"
"It's a good thing marijuana is legal and cures everything, including getting hit by a drunk driver which is unpredictable and never happens to anyone ever. And that healthy people die every day?"
"I think you dropped your We need to euthanize or sterilize those who can't make at least $50k a year. Sad but true, if you can't support yourself then you need to go. So tired of carrying these parasite losers!!"
"I probably should have added a um, save money because you don't know how long your career will last?"
"I was actually outside his window. ?? I didn't see you, Were you sitting behind Cosmo?"
Whoops you dropped this: Its one month lah come on. These so called restauranters need to stop being so entitled and greedy. How can you run a bussiness with such negative attitude lah .See it as a challenge than something to be bitchy about.
Because solder would hold it strongly.... Someone should just solder the rod to the rim. No one gets to play now.
"Unless they are black...then you would just be racist. Actually you can refuse to serve anyone for any reason. Especially when they become irate for no reason. The woman states this is his 3rd or 4th time coming over, you can legally ask anyone to leave your establishment for any reason. And seeing as she was obviously causing a disruption to other paying guests he could easily tell her to leave or he is going to call the police. I hate to break it you but the police will remove her nicely or with force because once again I hate to break It to you, but asking someone to quiet their children isn't a crime, but refusing to leave the presence of a business that has asked you to leave is, it's called trespassing."
"Can't relate, don't have weird bug friends Weird bug friends are having My friends have been experiencing a weird bug in tf2. Ever since last weeks update, they have been getting massive fps drops, which is causing stuttering and lag. They opted out of the steam beta, and are running decent machines. Anyone else get this happening with them?"
"Umm exorcism of Emily Rose, duuhh Wut... #1. Theres no evidence that demonic possession has ever actually happened. #2. Mental health treatment is very complicated. It's usually long term and doctors basically guess and check when prescribing medication. It takes time for the right combination to be found and to be effective. Some healthy skepticism will treat you well."
"Perfectly normal, perfectly healthy, all cultures are the same and beautiful, we cannot judge... ISIS poster girl became 'sex slave for fighters' before jihadi thugs beat her to death"
"Cause she's female, duh! How is Hermione Granger a sexual pop culture figure?"
"you mean NBA Champion Adam Morrison? I didn't follow the wolves last year but I never once saw this guy post up. He has atrocious ball handling and most of his catch and shoot comes from inside the arc. I'm with you, he gonna pull an Adam Morrison"
Denny low-key tried to hurry the NASCAR season up by getting the races over faster.. The ultimatum would be is that we would stop only if you stop getting pit road penalties.
"Yeah Oh boy, you sure got him."
"Ha it's funny cause I know a glitch to crash the game and make $9999999 in copper or gold hahaha Trion: ""We're not aware of any exploits related to APEX right now."""
"#Power2the #Players :)) Ely is 900m and has been rising 10-15m/day since g-maul fix We should poll to un-fix G-maul/cannon because atleast when that was still around someone was actually killing that POS boss. If elys are so expensive why don't we just corp to get one? Because zulrah is still 1.75x the money assuming you even get an ely on the average rate and has 0 chance to get scammed for and 0 downtime due to teams. Please re-balance this boss, it has a 1/4k big sigil wheras the original corp had 1/2k for a big sigil (1/4k ely 1/4k divine). Also the core's targeting is STILL broken \salt"
Your freedom of speech ends where my ears begin! Nope. Nobody has a right to not be offended. Those that insist you do never look beyond the now into what kind of precedent that sets.
I dont think lin could handle the ny spotlight.. Batum. Lin has also been really good this year.
"But i mean i thought Arod was going to break every home run record ever! 50, yes. 60 would be difficult. But hell, if there's a guy, it's him."
"[I was super happy in Sky when they revealed that all the future Pokemon were still alive, it was just a great feeling] Grovyle from Pokemon Dungeon Explorers of the Sky is the GOAT"
Oh you don't see in all media how people are just always raving about gold poop. I think they are pills that you take that make your poop glitter with specks of gold. But I'm not sure that an obscure novelty item that almost no one would buy can be called overrated.
Or we can just go with the Colin Cowherd and be grown ups and not wear jerseys... Why local jersey retailers are terrified of Chip Kelly
Ah yes... The good old days Nope. The US has been like this. Remember that time when we put all Japanese people into camps so that we could make sure they wouldn't spy on us for Japan during WWII?
"If this fucking privileged French woman choose not to assimilate while living in a Muslim country than what did she expect? Motives are still unclear, but liberals know for certain that assault knives need to be banned."
I think he wants you to use hot sauce as lubricant... This was right after we introduced ourselves. Awkward indeed.
I know; what a threat. Wow. How is hillary going to deal with this?
"Yes, because companies view self-taught applicants in such a good light. unavoidable, beside education is dirt cheap with the internet. Whats expensive is a piece of paper and the college experience"
"No I think Ted Nolan definitely fucked Hasek's wife and that's why he wasn't offered a better contract Why does every locker room conflict have to come down to ""X person slept with Y person's wife""? Its ridiculous, and it happens every time some kind of conflict comes up. Does anybody think ""oh gee, maybe they just have clashing personality types?"" or ""maybe X person is just an asshole?"""
"Because presences make the game too hard 1 question, why? Presence managing in pvp was rather useful."
Monthly gifs are much more effective. Have you heard of condoms.
"Yeah, because it only costs $50 to move all your stuff, and Greyhound makes it easy move any furniture, family, and other items. You know, when the riches complain that they're not so rich because they live somewhere that rent is costly, I remind them that PPP only works when you have borders. I agree that including regional variations in rent is a bad metric of poverty as long as you're a greyhound ticket away from moving..."
I think you forgot the Not big 4 + Not corporate backed = Not good.
What a hipster! Nah. I'm rooting for Steel City FC in the WPSL.
"Pffffffft, dude can't even field a punt. Odell Beckham Jr wins Pepsi Rookie of the Week for the 2nd time this year"
"Voting disabled, and ""comments will be with held for approval by the video owner"" Always the sign of an open-minded teller of the truth... Dear sweet GOD! This right here is why this subreddit exists. Watch the movie in the middle of the page. The trailor for the book. Guy reads it like it's a movie, or if anyone has seen it, Pablo Fransisco doing the ""movie voice guy."" This is incredible."
Thrall? Medhiv too. And I guess Medan if you want. And whatshisface Mary sue nobody liked.
"Can't wait for Genesis to set the precedent of this being legal Or Gravy wins Grand Finals from Winner's without dropping a single game by using pivot uptilts and inhuman SDI, and it gets banned Smash Box Game-play Showcase! | THE FUTURE OF SMASH ?! -"
"and where is the difference? Hey, that aint even half of it. Two days ago I said glhf, my opponent told me and my mate to ""eat my cock you hacking chink flowers."" My teammate is Korean and I'm East Indian...."
"We could rob Bill Gates and Oprah. Well, hypothetically if you destroyed physical notes then there would be less money in circulation, which would cause the value of the rest to go up. But, where are you going to get the money to burn?"
I will swat *your* twat if you don't get real with me! Twat Swat!
Because economics has nothing to do with currencies...... None of this offers a substantive argument against Bitcoin's fundamentals. Sorry.
Defender shouldn't give Marcelo the chance to dive... Shit ref
"yeah but it only counts when ur from multiple countries if ur form eu, other wise ur region suck and can't make a good team. There are 11 NA players and 11 Swedish players. At the actual event, there are 8 Swedish players and 9 NA players. NA basically means US, Mexico and Canada. There are also more players from Macau than players from Spain, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, Britain, Portugal, Switzerland, Austria, Norway and Greece combined."
"Lolz but they have halo helmets so = reboot It's set in a different universe, with different lore, different canon, different characters, a different sandbox, different emphasis (investment) and is in a different FPS sub-genre.... ARPG shooter. How is it a reboot?"
wow so much effort! Rigged Freddy from FNaF:FU!
"So it is basically a free dread? Bought a blueprint pack a few months ago, and started looting and salvaging my ratting sites, melting everything down and building this beautiful boat, just in time for today's capital announcements. It's my first real exploration into industry, and thought I'd drop straight into capital building!"
Oh good adjectives as verbs for completely original and humorous effect again. I don't know how to sober.
"Personal freedom and balanced budgets are surely ideas of little minds! *A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines.* ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson"
"Maybe they weren't working hard enough One-fifth of U.S. workers were laid off in past five years, study says."
"Thanks, I had no idea what Sputnik was. Sputnik 1: The first artificial Earth satellite"
C'mon it worked well in Bolivia Hell no. Privatized water is fucking retarded.
Are you the kind that would get offended by the fact that I'm childish and have no self-control? Are you the kind that would get offended if.....
"Unlike the US, China allows their religious and political minorities(Falun Gong, Tibetan monks, Uighrs, and pro-democracy students) to freely voice their concerns and denounce the injustice the occasionally suffer! China criticises US human rights record"
THESE CREEP SHOTS ARE DESTROYING THE INTEGRITY OF REDDIT. I've never understood how people can walk around like this. Wouldn't it be against some law like public nudity or something?
Because no AR-15 was ever raffled off before the Newtown murders It's bizarre how a weapon used to murder 20 children in their classroom has become a rallying cry for America's fringe.
"Hur der but Myles Garret Hur dur we Browns'd the first pick Hur dur this victory means nothing Hur dur These are some serious feels I got going on, Hue was almost in tears. We really needed this win"
"Super srs you guise. Tinder: ""Why haven't you said hello?"""
HE DROPPED IT ON PURPOSE Champions League Draw updates... and it's LIVE!
"See, big government getting in the way of the free market ! TIL that the West Africa Squadron of the Royal Navy rescued over 150,000 African slaves and captured 1,600 slave ships over 50 years."
"idk man knee could've been down Game Thread: Week 3 - Cincinnati Bengals (1-1) VS Denver Broncos (2-0) [](/CIN)Cincinnati Bengals VS [](/DEN) Denver Broncos Time: 1:00 PM EST *Help the mods by reporting trolls* **Sort by ""new"" for up to date discussion.**"
"Well our best player is a former Duke player, so we're basically Duke now If you wanted us to hate you as much as Duke for the next week all you had to do was ask."
Jesus Who performs the most random acts of kindness out of everyone you know?
"Ugh, but ITIL just slows everything down! 2 words: Change Control."
"TH7, all drags 3 lightning Interesting war opponent today..."
This will give the studio more credibility in the event of whitewashing accusations Akira: Justin Lin Possibly Being Courted to Direct
haha ur funny Upgraded from 550TI to 1050TI so I can now display 500 more grafics right?
"As far as we know* the Amish may be amassing an army. Everyone knows where their settlements are, and they are pacifists. So no."
How dare he use her publicly made statements as evidence! She complained about him looking at her post history to look for evidence of bias... Hilarious.
Literally worse than Hitler. Florida Judge's Plea Deal to Neglectful Mom: No More Kids
Are you sure you're not talking about his down-taunt? luigi dtilt is up there.
"That's why they call it a breast bone, duh TIL breasts are reinforced with bone"
"Tim Burgess and Seattle City government: Well, that's the gun's fault and that's why we need to ban all firearms. Prison is nice, long rehab. He (allegedly) shot 5 people, good god."
Because he is an *artiste*. Seriously. These are his customers he's making fun of. Why would anyone support him?
"You just wait, he's going to turn Kap into the best QB the NFL has ever seen! MMW: the 49ers won't win an NFC West title with Chip at the helm."
"Reuters is the reliable source here, WHO should review their claims. Spot the difference? C'mon people, freak out with me."
"It's okay they can then change assassination into cowboy or bounty hunter And now it's running into assassin's territory again, the exact reason they changed the theme in the first place."
That's the new TeamRed^^TM Coolant from glorious AMD you unenlightened shill why did you fill it with tomato soup
"Only le 90s kids would get it, clearly you're le not one of us Oh that time, right, like that time Pixar made Ratatouille, The Incredibles, WALL-E, and Toy Story 3. Or when Dreamworks made How To Train Your Dragon. Or when Coraline and Paranorman were made. Oh yeah, that time, it sure did end and never come back, right?"
cream soda is too creamy. Cream Soda master race
Why would a student pay their loans? Is paying your debts not an option here?
"Yes you're always disappointing, this post is no exception Every patch notes I go right to the bugfixes to see if they have fixed any of Yasuo's 16+ bugs. I'm always disappointing."
"Of course, how could Neymar possibly score with Messi and Suarez stealing all his goals. Hes not been amazing as of late but thats fine with Messi being...Well Messi"
"what a copout no batteries pfft OVERPRICED Packed with GTX 1080s in SLI and an i7 6950X, the Barbie princess ascension is sure to handle anything. ^Only ^$29.99 ^at ^your ^local ^Toys""R""Us *Requires 4 AA batteries, batteries not included*"
"Oh right, forgot that the Simpsons ended at season 9 or maybe 10 S18 gtfo"
"ehh, he was alright He was pretty good"
"Ive given up on guitar a decade ago, please teach me theory so I can feel good about myself. a separate subreddit should be made for complete beginners. this subreddit is full of too many question that can be easily googled. on top of that, i think there should be a wiki of songs to learn at a specific level of playing and what techniques are being utilized/will allow you to improve on. i come on here on a daily basis and a lot of what i see is, ""i've been playing for x amount of time, what songs should i learn?"" i don't mind giving advice to beginners because i myself ask for advice from players that are better than me, but you should at least try and find the answer yourself before you ask others."
Probably forgot the Bad day?
"3 Redditors don't floss... Consensus met.. no need to floss again What is it with you Americans and your flossing? I've never flossed in my life (and neither does anyone I know) and I have great teeth. I may be British but no, really, I have great teeth. Seems like a lot of old frogwash to me."
"To be fair it's your own fault for needing customer service. Yeah my next laptop is certainly not going to be a Lenovo laptop. Also, Lenovo has shit customer service."
"If only there were more actual hate crimes, then all these oppressed minorities wouldn't have to keep faking them. This is MTV we're talking about. They'll blame white people for pushing blacks and muslims to such violence."
The secret to not getting into the playoffs? Clearly they want to steal all our hockey secrets
"Now those were the good old days, it's been downhill ever since. In Christ's time there was probably 25 percent slaves in the population of Rome, 50 percent of the population had no rights and there was very little safety net for widows, orphans and the elderly. Instead of watching violent, but imaginary video games, everyone just went to the local colosseum and watched people kill each other and exotic animals for sport. I'd say we have a much better society now."
"oh my god, dude you can't just ask who's african Who's African?"
That emote totally doesn't fit her personality and the play of the game only focuses on the neck down. D.Va - Q of the Game
They will instantly hate Jesus. I wonder what kind of an effect dressing up like that will have on a child.
"At least it was diverse FC Cincinnati Video Sent to their ""Street Team"" - Cringe"
"Oh damn, you forgot the Your wife's fucking another dude and using the multiple cocks as a decoy, no doubt."
Body police lol Thats a good one but you forgot the You should try not body policing your daughter.
"I feel the same way about The Leaning Tower Of Pisa. probably best that they're not recoverable, just more noise and if it were even a little important it's already recorded somewhere else."
But their website says restaurants can't pay to help out their reviews! And a larger one if you want the bad ones to not show
This is tyranny in it's purest form Obama To Sign Executive Order On Paid Sick Days
"Sounds interesting, can I get a link? Except wam. Always download more wam"
"Man, it must be really unnerving knowing that your skin color alone can get you beat up or killed regardless of wrongdoing...I wonder of there is anyone out there that can relate to your predicament... I just left a class where we watched footage from the North Carolina riots where a group of African Americans beat up a white man in a parking garage for the sole reason of him being white. Then the videos of people yelling kill white people, and all that. And all the while ignoring the fact that the police chief, and police officer who are involved in this killing are both African American. As a white guy I'm scared as shit by all this, I could be beaten, or if things get worse killed, and I don't even have to belong to the race that committed the crime. People are just immediately blaming white people no matter what race the cop was. I want to protest, and help. I'm disgusted by these police officers actions, as well as the actions in the rest of the country. But there is no way in hell I am willing to show up to an actual protest right now. Not because I'm personally scared of the cops, but because I'm scared of the other protesters."
"As a proud reader of the Denver Guardian, I agree! Nytimes is the fake news."
"Raptors because I live in Toronto. International fans, what team did you pick to support and why? Picked Mavs originally because Dirk seemed cool. Then starting really getting into ball because Steven Adams is from my country and is our first ever first round draft player"
Source? Roughly 52%
"Oh those guys are just exercising their right to Free Speech! Might be the worst threat I've ever seen on Reddit, people commenting ""good"" or ""they deserved it"" need to seriously take a moment to reflect on what is causing them to wish death on people who have different viewpoints than they do."
"Yeah because the shortest ferry ride in the world is just still way too long of a ride Well, the pedestrian walkway should be opening soon, So at least you don't have to take the ferry anymore."
You sound like you have a solid grasp of veganism. none because vegan-ism isn't actually better for anything bitch
"DAE think this game sucks XD Dedicated servers, polish, effort into development, skill of any kind required, any sort of decent netcode, anything new or innovative whatsoever that hasn't been copy/pasted from previous COD games...sorry if I'm forgetting anything."
"Nope, not out, didn't pitch inline with the stumps, or outside off. I know this is fairly recent but I think I've just found the worst LBW review in history from Mohammad Hafeez."
"yeah, rising cancer rates have *nothing* to do with an aging population due to the 1 child policy. ""Chinese"" used to be a byword for health, now China is becoming the cancer capital of the world."
"Oklahoma State So who do you think will win the Big 12? It's an interesting question to ask, especially after the ISU-OSU game tonight. It's pretty much down between KU and ISU now and the games the teams have played have been interesting. * KU has beat Tech twice, while ISU has split it with them * ISU has beat OSU twice, while KU has split it with them * ISU has beat WVU twice, while KU, currently, has lost 1 and still has to play them again at home * KU has beat OU at home and still has to play them on the road, whereas ISU lost to OU at OU and still has to play them at home * Both teams have beaten KSU at home and have to go to KSU yet * KU has beaten Texas at Texas while ISU has beaten Texas at home. KU has yet to play Texas at home and ISU @ Texas is their next game There are two big questions here: 1) Can KU win out, with the most important games being @KSU and @OU? 2) Can ISU get over their historic road woes and win out on the road?"
"Can you post a picture of yourself with your pet wallaby, thanks. Yeah, cos Sydney's a tiny hick town where everybody knows each other. ;)"
"Yes, because those are the only two hallmarks of experiencing trauma. Yeah I mean that must be why Holocaust survivors have such a problem with substance abuse and crime, right?"
"It's not creeping if you're recruiting. My profile says no casual sex and no creepers, yet..."
no you're bad and you should feel bad That's totally reasonable. I could have spent more time explaining that.
"What about a sign with ""Rush B Cyka Blyat""? It's like saying ""ching ching chong"" to a Chinese person"
Yeah that outsourced Indian tech support always does wonders for me when I have issues. It may not be cheaper depending what kind of preformance your going for. It may be fun but can also be very frustraiting. Anyone that works profesonaly in IT does not want to be on the hook for some kids self built PC. Things can and do go wrong. When you build a prebuilt PC your getting a waranty and tech support along with it. You might get better parts building it your self but you also might get DOA parts or screw something up.
"Gender isn't something you were born with, it's something you were assigned, by a mystical gender fairyyyyy On the one hand, the bit about otherkin makes a bit of sense. On the other, everything else."
"Yeah, they just so happened to make toys of their characters that look completely different in design to their current ones without some kind of purpose, then several years later they make animatronics based off of those designs. Yes - for the animatronics. They made toys and used their kid friendly design."
"All it takes is 1 tweet saying that their neighbors wife, who is a stewardess at Qatar airlines overheard a friend of the nephew of the oil minister say that he might consider a freeze and WTI jumps to $34 and UWTI to $1.80. Here's a good question. What kind of rumor will it take to see oil spike again? We had a meeting, confirmed meeting, and now everyone telling everyone else to fuck themselves with freezing output. I'm going to guess a war, but where? Turkey invades Syria?"
"you forgot the As unpopular as that is to say for you, I will one up you. If the Bears fire Lovie after this season, I hope they give the job to Singletary."
"That we're disgusting Islamophobes that clearly haven't flagellated ourselves enough ofcourse. I think the sad thing about this is clearly a lot of us had the first thought of ""he's going to die"". What does that tell you?"
"Who would've guessed that a chemist would know how to fix a computer! She's holding a hot part of the soldering iron, poking a PC motherboard, while sitting in a chemistry lab..."
"China is using this phone to spy all over the world! Someone redpill me, what's the catch? This has flagship specs all over the place for an insane price!"
HOW WEIRD IS IT THAT ONE MAMMAL DRINKS ANOTHER ONE'S MILK? Bats go on a milk raid.
You should post this on r/psychology. Just played against an aggro shaman...
World news. Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff has left the U.S territory without paying for V.I.P presidential Limousine services provided in San Francisco
because that person clearly represents all Christians everywhere because christians are notorious for being 2-faced hypocrites
"Defence of **THE** Ancients That ""the"" sure needs a capital letter I say it all the time, but I would love to see DoTA played with a controller on a console. It would be hilarious."
You wanted Bitcoin TV ads... Silk Road Advertisement
Your fault for not killing him noob Valve servers at their best.
"You're hurting your team by not doing all you can to win, bro. I don't kill enemies in jets or choppers before they have a chance to take off because I'm not a cunt."
"no no, your rape scenario is actually hilarious because it's a man getting raped What's embarrassingly obvious, to me at least, is that your joke *really would* have gone over much, much better. Rape has been escalated above murder in terms of its seriousness in discourse. ""I'm going to kill him."" Hyperbole used to explain how mad he is. ""I'm going to rape him."" Colorful version of the same? No, it's an insensitive comment to every woman who has ever been raped! People need to grow up and realize that the exact reason people use rape is jokes is BECAUSE it has such an aggressive and viciously negative connotation. It conjures up something very negative, and in the right context that can be exactly what is called for to be humorous."
Wow this has never been posted here before Spotting his tumbler (x-post from r/ChildrenFallingOver)
"How does he not have a girlfriend already when he just oozes charm and class? PMed this guy for clarification on what short for a woman qualifies as? His reply: ""Can you see over the wheel to drive? Haha trick question. Women can't drive."""
Another white man losing his job in Obummer's economy yea he moved onto somewhere else. he was better at news reporting than most american news stations lol.
"Good parenting I just started playing the single player again but now with my daughter. It's the funnest BF game ever. I keep seeing nice new details every time, and it's good to see it's not frustrating to play, even for a 7 year old."
"How dare anyone spout political opinions in a public forum. Jesus, the Bernie Rangers are in full patrol tonight."
"But weed's not addictive? He's a pot head. I've been ignoring it, but after he left me alone in the labor and delivery triage while I was receiving fluids because our baby was tacchycardic so he could go get high, I'm done. He doesn't know it yet, but I'm leaving him. 6 years of marriage gone because weed is obviously more important than the health and safety of his family."
"As long as their opinion isn't hate speech Screw your ""safe space"". I thought being enlightened meant we could have a civil discussion."
"You're just a dirty SJW. Yep, because I believe that women should have the right to vote, own property, go to university, not have their genitals mutilated, etc. I think there is still a massive need for feminism in 3rd world countries and certain cultures and it's our duty as humans to ensure that young girls aren't getting their genitals mutilated and sold off into marriage to a 60 year old, and baby girls aren't killed just because they're girls."
But he's the real black swordsman When Guts isn't included but Kirito and that Kill la Kill girl is
Well I did smoke a fuckload of weed at 5 years old You were high.
Wait what's wrong with that? Weed from Amazon?
"Marcoses and the Martial law victims From what I know, Duterte is trying to bring several opposing groups together (e.g., workers and businessmen, the military and Communists, industrialists and environmentalists) and trying to reach other to others, such as indigenous people and Muslims. I did not see much of that in Trump while he was campaigning."
Some might even call you guys *Jokers* we suck
"Yeah, it's nowhere *near* as good as Final Frontier, Generations, Insurrection, or Nemesis. I didn't hate it, I just don't think it's of the quality of what we know a Star Trek movie can be. That and I am not a fan of Abrams and Orci."
"Oh shit you're right I just realized not a single news site reported this, it was only reddit. congratulations reddit, you just made ZimZam socially relevant again"
"No, that's right: black + white = Turk Are you sure he's your kid? You seem to be ""standard western race"" while his mother is African. How did he come out as a Turk?"
"Dude, Kenyan prince, not Nigerian! Prince Obama? From all those letters? Dude, what is he like?"
"nooo, jasper pulling her out of the sky was an act of love Yeah, definitely. Lapis and Jasper had, what you would say, an ""abusive"" relationship."
"can't tell if Dude they literally have their top minds coming up with plans to make her inviable. I'm not even joking, go look on S4P yourself."
But Trump has bots on twitter so it's all good. Right after the conventions hillary dumped 5 million dollars into a superpac that has admitted to vote brigading and shilling out the sub.
"Yup, because giving everyone a 5m ship that can melt a 130m ship in 30 seconds is ""a positive move"". Because this is the third thread in less than 10m regarding this subject: How is this a bad thing? Currently, there are Vipers, Eagles, and Cobra's (which isn't even a ""combat"" ship, it's a multi-roll) everywhere... All this does is gives combat pilots another option to run... A ""THIRD"" tier for us combat jockeys. (As opposed to the 3/4/5/6/7'th tiers if you're a trader, miner, or even explorer.) This is a positive move towards balancing the occupations."
"Sorry Lie detector tests are actually just tests of whether your heart and skin surface are in a physiological state that correlates modestly with lying. The fact that they are inadmissible in court isn't enough - they're still abused by police, civil attourneys, employers. Lie detector tests should be condemned as acts of bad faith that count against anyone who uses them in connection to any case in front of a court."
Trump will save us Standing Rock
"you can keep your income tax, i prefer regressive tax scaling. In this comment thread: people mad about sales tax (and losing in the BCS)."
Clearly people who were found to have religious books in their homes when they were searched were shoving it down the throats of others. That's why you keep your religion for yourself and don't force it down the throat of the world like muslims do.
"So he's saying Drake is soft. Casey on Stuckey falling out of bounds: ""I was more worried about Drake than I was about Stuckey."""
"fucbois taric and ezreal ""Snare Sluts"" A.K.A. ""Bind Bitches"" -Morgana and Lux ""The Dash Double"" -Diana and Akali. Most recent pairings i've seen posted on Reddit. Am I missing any?"
"thank god they don't allow the funding of truth Visa, Mastercard and PayPal all enable donations to be made to US-registered groups funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank in defiance of international law."
"Finally, someone on this thread making some sense. It was all a plot to take their guns."
"Dangit, I dont need more competition for jobs on the ice! Antarctica: A Year On Ice captures all the grandeur of the land few humans have experienced."
or bleach and water filters
"Funny obama , thanks for syria Don't discriminate among terror groups: Obama to Sharif"
"Hint: Male college culture tends to be extremely acceptive of men admitting to being rape, so all statistics based on self reporting must be completely accurate. Hint: try reading more than the headline"
"meh u sound dumb gooday sir As someone who has a clearance and works on stuff that pretty much necessitates having at least a Secret clearance, a Secret or even Top Secret clearances is not remotely a guarantee of intelligence. The criteria to grant a clearance are primarily based on trustworthiness, and you don't have to be smart to keep a secret, or to have done nothing that indicates you can't keep a secret. Sure, I happen to work directly with some pretty smart people, but I encounter people who aren't nearly daily."
"Yes, very motivational. Correct"
"Yeah the Tony Abbott government was great at budgeting Eh, libertarians are cool when it comes to social issues, retarded when it comes to economics v0v"
"Switch teammates in front of laser traps of course! Yes, the utility aspect is great, but those two abilities don't work very well imho. Decoy doesn't scale well and Switch Teleport - I don't know, maybe I just don't see the potential. How would you use ST in a T4S?"
Word . Seriously.
Totally realistic I think they should fix the lunge distance for commando. I watched a video on yt once and they proved it was like 12 feet lol
No he was just vaccinated. ... Is OP autistic?
youll love my home staircase then Hitting my head on things makes me go from calm and collected to fuck this doorframe real fast
"UV Sriracha I search of the perfect Bloody Mary. I'm pretty sure it involves clamato juice, horseradish, Tabasco and fresh ground pepper, but I can't get it quite right... Olive juice...and vodka...maybe lime?"
"Drink Heavy Water. It says ""hydrogen bond angle."" That's not necessarily the H-O-H angle. Maybe we should be drinking (or eating?) a different polymorph of water?"
Well I know *I'm* just delightful 24/7. I'm sure all of us are peaches 'n cream.
If only flamesword was there to tell them the time This ^^
"Assuming that all Balkan citizens think it's morally normal to try to kill football players because of a faul, classy. rough fouls in a friendly in a foreign balkan country... Yup seems like a good idea."
"But have a dialogue with Trump voters to understand them. yeah, you just gotta stop considering other perspectives and then racism won't real"
"Completely blue area.. Georgia.. got it. It seems, counter-productive to protest Trump AFTER the election (especially in a completely blue area), but whatever."
"""But that's world pvp"" Leveling on a PvP Realm in a nutshell."
"Yeah, that sounds like something more appropriate for the NFI list. They don't put dead people on IR, Steve."
"We have a generation of kids who *watch other people play games* like football and basketball, like what the fuck is happening to society? I like gaming as a time wasting hobby just like anyone else, but it appears i am much more self-aware than the majority of gamers. I have it under control and very limited time dedicated to it, as i learned from my experience during youth. But now when it's more mainstream and viewed as something competitive and serious, i don't see how people fail to see the flaw in this. It's merely a casual time waster that shouldn't have this level of dedication. We have a generation of kids who *watch other people play videogames*, like what the fuck is happening to society?"
"ya, but are cows better than moose? Yeah but did they give us 14 cows? Kenya is showing y'all up"
Nah they'll just defer every contract until 2050 guess that means Harper's gonna walk
"Yeah what have the unions ever done for us!... Meanwhile I doubt I'd ever paint unions in NSW as any kind of hero, they are bastions of fat cats paid off politicos and corruption. There are a few that get their people various rights but for the most part as far as I'm concerned the unions should fuck off with their millions of dollars in ill gotten gains"
"How about the Romo guy? No, like who we release in order to get scandrick back on the 53"
"Little do you sheeple know, we're actually being opressed by aliens. People shut down those who are abducted by aliens but listen intently to people who say that they are oppressed"
because live css demos get all screwed up on different browsers Why images rather than actual demos?
"but sanders is giving me _free stuff_ Here goes Bernie with his ""lay the blame on others"" game again. Reddit hates on Trump for doing the same shit, but I don't see how Bernie is any different."
"You can refund the money your MIL and her parents paid for your diploma then.... Last name shame happening right now I am currently at my graduation. Thrilled to be done with my undergrad. And what do I get. ""The grandparents are going to be so upset when they call your name and they realized you haven't changed it yet"" from MIL The same in law grandparents who two days ago called me rude for not formally inviting them to my graduation, which my own grandfather can't make because he passed a week ago. Everyone can fuck off."
They could be teaching by example... pretty sure the ones who have taken a vow of silence wont be teaching much.
Do things always go backwards when Democrats are around? It is because Biden is in town
"I understand, but did you hear about the Armenian genocide? Yeah nobody would understand why the site being Armenian would be an awful place to get info about Turkey from. It isn't like the Armenian genocide is pretty much mentioned in every post about Turkey ever or something."
"Because no religion solves all the world's problems. Sad. Because measures like these are often quoted as being the end result of a secular government. lets just, avoid the crazed, power hungry wackos under any banner, and we'll be fine. Don't worship *anyone* and there will be fewer exploitations."
"Mmmmm natural, just like Hemlock and nightshade When you burn wood, it's mostly natural and takes a long time to fully combust. Tobacco has all those nasty additives and the ash is a concentration of all of that! A full cigarettes worth of ash seems like almost nothing, but tis all the worst parts of it concentrated in that tiny bit of ash. It's gross."
Should've gotten a 390 Fried my 970 :(
Japan is totally the only Asian country right? Japan is pretty touchy feely.
Not bothered as we are the best team How do you feel about all the memes targeting you guys?
mods are ruining reddit When a user accuses me of being a paid shill moderator by removing rule-breaking posts.
"No comment section there......shocker Clinton News Network ""breaks"" this story at midnight on a fucking Friday night. Shady!"
"C:/me/jre-7-windows-i586.exe Guys, I found it"
"Im really looking forward to Tier IV with solid shots incoming! Demotivated Playing Japanese Tanks at Launch. I might could have a nice time with Japanese tanks, i mean i was so interested i even got the Pre-order. Now, the 120mm Naval short underperforms Laughable, and Tier 1 Is absoulutly Dominated by High Tier players who decide to be dicks and take out the 38/t Gepards. Thanks assholes. /rant over/"
He smokes weed which is the best medication for mental issues He needs medication big time.
"Yeh, I'll hold my breath waiting for corporations to do what is in best interest of the US. Yep. They look at his plans and only see half. They figure in lower taxes and lower spending, but disregard our growth of the tax base."
He's definitely going to lose now Donald Trump's Instagram Following Is Full Of Bots And Russians
"If you can walk and breath without assistance, you are not obese Not even when you are the size of Tess Munster are you considered obese"
"I'm a vegetarian because animals don't deserve to die. On another note, what is your diet like?"
"It won't help, that body is all because of genetics Brb gonna go do more squats &amp; planks"
Forgot a I always recommend voting based on the supporters of a candidate.
"Thanks man, took a long time and crazy stressful to put it together but look at us now! Lovely backsplash. Your kitchen is marvelous cabinets notwithstanding"
"But now it is all Russian grown food, the best food I don't even see how that works either though, ""fuck you guys, I'm gonna make my people pay more for food""?"
"They're just as bad as mangapanda now On page 6 they use ""there"" instead of ""they're"". Literally unreadable"
"That's fake, the earth is 6000 years old, liberal propaganda. The Squid Nebula."
"Ah yes - a 23 year old goes drag racing... major off the field issues... Dareus has off the field issues though. Suh might be a punk at times on the field, but he's a good guy off."
"Capitalism is so efficient! Inheritance should go directly to grandchildren to help ease housing crisis, says Tory housing minister"
"until you die Not that these things need to be any scarier; but the first few days of the Phenomenon, or even the first hour, would make an amazing Oculus/Vive experience."
"It's either an excuse for losing or bragging rights for winning What's with the F2P misnomer? I don't get why people call decks F2P. All decks are F2P since you can acquire all cards without spending a penny. If it's a deck of only commons call it a common deck, not F2P. Hearthstone is a F2P game, paying money can get you decks faster but it's still F2P. The closest thing to ""F2P"" decks would be basic decks in my opinion as all of those cards can be acquired without using any gold or without even playing against a human."
"Ok sure, I am definitely going to believe you even though it directly contradicts what Valve said themselves. How I cheated for 4 months and never got banned."
"U filthy plebs For those suggesting trading, I just wanted to point out a large number of players don't own all the champions and trading is not always an option."
"Yeah, i would have covered her face too. The best thing I have done for my computer thus far."
"No you're the only one to experience this issue ever. Anyone have trouble getting replies on OKC? I have had an account for about 2 months. I've sent out plenty of messages (mostly to my high matches), but I don't get a response at all or a profile view. I have went on one date with someone from the site. It's strange because I joined Tinder a week ago and was able to get plenty of matches and actually went on my first Tinder date yesterday. I also got on craigslist (yes I know shameful) exchange some pics and am chatting with two people from there using kik. This had me curious, so I joined the A-list to see if my messages are being read and they are. Are the women of OKC just looking for a boost in self-confidence and not looking to date or just stuck-up? Anyone else have this issue? I am in the DFW area."
"You're lucky you didn't cause another crash with that electronic device (cell phone camera) being used below 10,000 feet. You can still see the Asiana wreck as you land at SFO!"
Yea but there no American flags Look at the two. We put on a much better and more inspiring convention.
"A 20kg axe. What melee weapon would allow an average man to 8/10 defeat a fully grown angry Kodiak Bear ? So let's say a 5'10 175 athletic male that maybe works out 4 times a week. A large and angry Kodiak. Weapon has to be melee, NOT projectile. The weapon cannot be powered e.g. a chainsaw."
"Ya reddit is one of the most pro-USA websites out there. Don't bother. It's just that everybody on here is convinced that we all hate America, so anytime America is mentioned in a less than amazing light (which won't be scarcely because we're a site that posts a lot of news type stuff and we're mostly Americans) then it's just automatically taken to mean ""Fuck America"" because that's what we want it to mean to fit our already made-up minds."
"AWD is better than winter tiers, amirite? I'll place bets he didn't have winter tires. :)"
"You don't have the time and patience, damn it Niantic fix this game... Anyone else frustrated with unbalanced teams and static gyms? Curious if other people have this experience. In my immediate area the gyms have been level 10 Instincts for several weeks and my 10 km commute to school is almost entirely level 10 Instinct with a few Mystic gyms. I haven't seen a Valor gym on my route in about a month now. As such, I haven't collected pokecoins in a month and I'm sure many people in these gyms have been drowning in pokecoins for weeks. When the game first came out, I rarely saw a gym last more than a few hours. Now, it seems like gyms are pretty much static. I don't really have the time (or patience) to take down any of these level 10 gyms where the lowest level Pokemon is often a CP 2800+ Snorlax. I really wish Niantic would address this somehow because it's not really fun, and I'm not just saying this because I'm on the weak team. I'd feel annoyed if every gym was Valor too. Sorry if this has been discussed ad nauseam."
"I've never, ever, ever, seen a 2.0 shipping delay. 2.0 Shipping delays? I haven't heard anything about shipping delays but my standard order of 2.0 from almost two weeks ago is stuck at processing. I've sent a note to support (waiting to hear back) but has anyone else had problems with delays?"
"What are you talking about, we've got until 2030 to win a championship. I'm not sure Henny has much time"
"Well that would be a sin in the eyes of his lord, and he would be forced to act on his conscious to do the right thing as a man of god. Or maybe at Knezovitch for his condoning of murder. He deserves to be locked up in the jail he runs. This is not a good way to protest, but the near zero accountability policy that he has means that we can't trust him and his goons to investigate themselves unless it's a deputy fucking someone on the clock."
"Yes, they should exclude anyone not mixed-race from every beauty pageant because there aren't lots of ethnically 100% homogeneous countries... Row over 'white as snow' Miss France"
"You're right, but I'm going to downvote you because your comment makes me feel bad for being wrong. Well...not necessarily untrue. Always dissidents among different belief systems and groups. Not necessarily as a whole warlike or violent."
"you forgot the You need to look at the independent analysis of Obama's birth certificate by two outside forensics labs (the highest respected labs on the planet). They outline 8 points of forgery, they even show the exact certificate that they used to construct Obama's certificate. Open your eyes."
"naw bro, you're not just intelligent enough if you can't make up your own explanations. They should at least provide the pertinent information. If all that stuff was obtained from DVD commentary or fan-fiction, then the movie is useless. That's a big wall of text of stuff that isn't in the movie. As I was reading through it, I was thinking, ""What? Where did you get that from?"" the entire way."
"I mean, an older 172 or a Cherokee wouldn't cost that much. What's a cool holiday gift for my soon-to-be pilot girlfriend? She's been working toward getting her private pilot license for several months now, and I think she'd love an aviation-themed present. A bomber jacket? Aviation goggles? Something like that? Does anyone have any suggestions? Thanks!"
"Yes but can we see the statistics for the white congressmen? The Associated Press on Twitter: ""Senate's only black GOP member says he's been pulled over, stopped by Capitol Police who questioned identity."""
"But, but don't you know that gold glitter makes everything better! If you allow your child to run and jump around a store with glittery clothing.. You can be the only death in a hotel fire. Seriously? You're going to watch your child jump around my furniture store, covering my sales floor in gold glitter? How would you like it if I ran through your house smearing the blood of the innocent all over your walls? That's pretty much what you did to us. I would have rather had your kid pee on my demo product than clean up the glitter disaster. Thanks for costing my associates time away from making sales. Happy holidays!"
"TJ was clearly a socialist. I'll just quote Thomas Jefferson on this one: *Another means of silently lessening the inequality of property is to exempt all from taxation below a certain point, and to tax the higher portions or property in geometrical progression as they rise.* **Thomas Jefferson**"
"idk....Mikey is doing a really good job so far Let's get something straight here, nobody will EVER out flame Jeff Gordon."
"No you don't understand, companies aren't allowed to shift focus if it means it's more profitable. It's almost as though making money isn't the point of a business, right?"
"nevermind ONE, Murata has competition! Looks like ONE has competition"
Sandy was Walpurgisnacht....think about it.. ;p Well Sandy spoiled my Halloween this year.
"Sorry Yew, we are going to have to remove your comment as it is a duplicate. Same idea posted at the exact same time. Are you me?"
"To be fair, hematite isn't a jewel, its an ore of iron Or Hematite, the manly jewel..."
"Clearly, Bush is to blame here. ITT: This horrible thing happened in India. Look how shitty America is. Worldnews: the most predictable comment section on reddit."
"Duh, Muslims. I'm sure she's a nice lady, but her life just went all the way in the shitter and she won't know why."
"instructions unclear still have kush in butt Avoid putting Kush in your butt, for starters."
I too keep wearing my jacket if I feel overheated. Overheated? How hot is it in the middle of September at this time of the day?
"I mean, she just rubs it in Americas face with that short hair. ""I like Ellen's shenanigans, but not the fact that she makes me realize that gay people are just like me."""
Isn't it just a flawless system? Western societies judicial system everyone.
"But anime is for kids! Anime has a lot of adult themes and content. Also some cartoons accurately parody political and socioeconomic issues through intelligent satire, a show like South Park does this often. Animated television is not only for kids."
The food is probably poisoned Thousands of Muslims donate 10 tonnes of food to help homeless Londoners at Christmas
probably SUPER mature and elitist now that's he's basically an adult What's your humor like now that you're in high school?
"Cop's standing there like ""Hmm wonder why this thin guy is making odd eye contact, trembling, and keeps getting closer to me...seems legit"" And if court makes him tremble, I can imagine how he must have been while executing his assassination master plan."
"See, you could be rich by now! ""This isn't a pyramid scheme, we use the stately trapezoid!"" I once worked at a door-to-door sales place for 3 days. On day 3 I was told to come in early as their would be a presentation. The first slide was a nice giant pyramid. The first thing the slime ball running the thing (and owner of the company) said was ""Now this may look like a pyramid, don't worry about that. I'm going to tell you how to make loads of money!"" The job was rubbish and that was the breaking point, walked out on the spot."
Because his parents are clock bomb builders too and he would just speak code to them to let them know he's been caught so they have to take execute the plan without him! The whole thing is fucked. They wouldn't even let him (a minor) talk to his parents throughout the thing? No one even thought to give him any civil rights at all?
very original I decided to go for something a little different
"Massage your prostate too while you're at it Stick a finger up your butt, should set things in motion"
"You mean Merkel isn't literally the new Hitler? As a German, I constantly get downvoted for saying I'm not living in a war torn country. It's actually pretty peaceful over here. Nope, people try to convince me I need to watch out for those refugees who are waiting around the corner to rape me."
"Nah, she just knows when to bite her tongue. I concur. She is very level headed."
"But don't worry, republicans defund regulatory bodies cause they hurt the bottom line. Take a look at the lawsuit over the Ford Pinto for some interesting parallels. Though in that case it wasn't quite as egregious of manufacturing models *without* safety equipment which was standard in other markets. This is why regulations exist, you can't trust companies to care for anything other than their bottom line. I mean, I think we all know why they did it. They cut corners so they can sell cars at a profitable price point in an area where they can't charge as much as in the US/EU. That said, there's such a thing as minimum standards for how safe an automobile ought to be. The regulations exist to enforce a minimum acceptable standard."
"Because driving a car is a right protected by the constitution in the bill of rights, obviously... Good. It should be confidential everywhere. I'm sure people would be outraged if DMV information was made public, so why should permit info be public?"
"So many protestors, so much annual leave used up. Leigh Hart at the TPP protests"
"Damn socialists! Infrastructure should be treated as a common good - be it pipes in the ground, wires in the air, or the code that glues our data together."
Gosh it's classmate you fucking moron. People who insult people over insignificant things. I have a class mate that insults another all the time over petty things. I've tried calling him out but the second guy asked me not to. Infuriating.
"ROFL Fun fact about new fnatic There's Olof ""olofmeister"" Kajbjer Gustafsson aka Olof and there's Jonas ""Lekr0"" Olofsson aka Lekro. Now look at Lekr0's last name , Olofsson. Olofsson = Olof's son. So olof is playing with his son on the same team."
"Do they eat it or just blend it? I don't know about anyone else, but I absolutely love this H2H punishment."
"Yeah stupid kids sophicating to death as the Chlorine gas liquifies their lungs! Still more ethical than the actions I watched in that video yesterday. Don't stand for their shit, Putin. Putin them in their place."
"Stop thinking logically just agree with his ""fuck Real"" mentality So you're saying we've been their bitches based on 2 transfers over ten years?"
Well even if all the PC games were 50% cheaper you could buy all the games available for the PS4 and still would not have saved enough for a 1080 'But PC gaming is expensive'
It's all about those mad windmill gains! Why didn't you settle the hill :(
AND THAT WOULD BE SUCH A BAD THING AMIRITE? In the US all teachers are exempt. If teachers got OT salaries would be 50-100% higher then they are now.
I'm am shocked Canadian Forces email addresses among those in leaked Ashley Madison files
"Because Dave Chapelle, the comedian, has majored in psychology and children behavior, so he is worthy source of reference. He's just a kid? This reminds me of Dave Chappelle's ""How old is fifteen really?"" Caps is basically a grown ass man acting like a shit and to defend him he's being labeled as a kid. You know what you doing and it doesn't take much for a person of his age to understand ehat he's doing is being a douche."
"O yea, cause you know the people that model the spraypaint are the EXACT same people who are tasked with fixing combat logging.. Thank god we can pick berries and spraypaint guns now. At least people will have all of their newly custom stuff and delicious food when they combat log every fucking time."
"So sick of these bandwagon Spurriors fans! I know, I know. The Spurs happened to be the first bball team I ever watched back in '08 so that's how that happened."
"Yeah I totally forgot hotdogs are a Chilean food. Hotdogs, here in Chile we put Tomato, Avocado, saucerkrut (or whatever is spelled) and other delicious stuff over the sausage, we called ""Completos"" :D"
Oilers robbed the Pens. Apparently gave up Klinkhammer as well.
"Wow, Sombra's so OP. She's INVISIBR- INVISIBLU- INVINSIBURUUU"
"At least it's only ""bits and pieces"" the usual post has white culture being entirely stolen so I consider this progress. Keep reblogging to insult white people!"
"...... Have a cookie, NO ONE ELSE HAS DONE THAT! I beat Sans's first attack without getting hit!!!!!"
"dae prefer metal and queen/the beatles Can we stop having wubwubwub music every single CS tournament? I do understand it's supplied by Monstercat, but seriously this really gets quite repetitive. Like the producers can literally play the same song throughout the tournament and people wouldn't be able to tell."
This truly must be the solution to the steady decline in membership of the Norwegian Union Conference. Norwegian adventist church to desist laying hands on pastors in order to enable ordaining women
IMO ACU is better :) IMHO MatPat is the best.
"Experimental art always eventually filters down to popular culture. For a second, I thought this was a new Aphex Twin album"
your misogyny sickens me. I hope I haven't miscategorized.
That catch against Dallas was a fluke One year wonder.
Something something Social Justice Wasps. Let's be wary of this ourselves.
"Clearly your statement of clear opinion is more erroneous than Linton58's statement of fact and should be downvoted into oblivion. It's amazing, but I would say GoT is better."
"All great advice, and based in reality. I think you just need to trade in your M&amp;P Shield for a Glock 7. You know what that is? It's a porcelain gun made in Germany. Doesn't show up on your anti theft detectors in stores, and it costs more than you make in a month."
"NOW THAT, IS HELLWORTHY! Heil Hitler!"
Nice original post! Super smash brothers for wii u is a really good game.
"People know better about he believes than him. TIL Neil deGrasse Tyson tried updating Wikipedia to say he wasn't atheist, but people kept putting it back"
Clearly still a better archer than Rebecca What a *great* unit!
"Okay we all now this is bull, Satan's minion does not smile, he merely stretches his face. Bill Belichick on Kevin Faulk's No. 12 jersey last night: ""Love Kevin. He always makes good decisions."" Big smile."
"I thought vanilla was the wonderland of wow when everything was perfect... Back in Vanilla before pets were normalized there was a cat with a 1.0 attack speed in.... thousand needles I think? There would be a good 15-20 people looking for him at peak hours, and anyone who didn't get the tag would kill him out of spite. Oh Proudmoore..."
"This thread is constructive. Ryze's winrate almost didn't change after his rework (~41%), but he is less fun to play. Congrats Riot ! Maybe because minions can block his Q and he can't trade with opponents? Who knows? Not Rito tho."
"And with an all-star like this guy on the stand, what jury wouldn't rule not guilty? It doesn't have to ""proven"" in the sense that multiple pages of mathematics can ""prove"" that 2 + 2 = 4. A jury just has to be convinced."
"And if nothing works, switch off your system and then switch it on. Try this, clean the project and then rebuild, from the preview try to refresh, if that 3 steps isn't work try this one because sometimes Android Studio caches should be clean (i don't know why): file, invalidate caches &amp; restart and then click ""invalidate caches &amp; restart"" other way, please check your java version make sure you are using jdk 7 to provide heapsize management or you can try to use android studio from canary channel by setting up your Android Studio update from the IDE Settings. hope that helps."
It's moving too fast to get a good shot off with a rpg US Marines Test a Massive Hybrid Boat Moving Like a Tank and Capable to Run on Ground
"Yeah, because Druid has always been the OP tier class maybe I'm crazy but this seems like its gonna be broken why does Blizzard always give Druid the insane stupid cards"
wow does that work? The president of Equatorial Guinea 'eats his enemies' testicles and brains to boost his sexual prowess'.
"Worked for Starcraft. New idea. We make Korea get worse by wasting their time playing against us, and we make the gap close by making them worse instead."
"I saw the trailer and that's literally her entire character for the whole the movie. ""**OKAY SO NOW WHY DINT NONE A YALL CATCH ME IS IT CUZ IM BLACK OR A WOMEN??? DAYUM""**"
"Yeah, but what about that time Trump held our flag^^upside-down? I think it's a stretch to assume Republicans even consider them people."
"Well, Tom Clancy games are based heavily off of realism depicted by Tom Clancy's novels, so I'm going to go with an absolutely. Wonder if the real GIGN is also able to rapidly switch between shield up and ADS and land 100% accurate shots?"
"No, because faith. If you could be defeated logically , would you give up your faith or the lack of it ?"
"Which totally works in the age of the internet and long, digital memory ""History is written by the winners"" can also mean ""Here's our version, learn it, peasants."""
"Thanks, I didn't get that at all Dodge Viper"
Lol OP i can keep your credit card info save just in case :) Name checks out because OP is worried about credit card info
"I blame rap music. Blues on the Green impressions The show was great and as the sun went down, the air got a little cooler and turned out to be a really nice night. But, what the actual fuck is with all the unsupervised, underaged, high schoolers drinking and making fools of themselves out there? Just in my immediate surrounding area, I had one stupid kid drunk off his ass tackle a trash can, spilling trash everywhere, while stupid kid#2 video taped and yelled ""fuck that 'N' up!"" (both kids were whiter than milk). Then they fucking WALKED AWAY WITHOUT PICKING ANY OF IT UP! Immediately after the show, crowds of drunk kids were walking away from the stage and a fight broke out between 2 roided up meat heads that barely looked old enough to drive, let alone drink, and all their friends just watched. No one intervened expect the one kid that stepped up to get a better shot with his camera phone. Stopped at the IHOP right off MoPac and lo and behold, more drunk kids acting like fools inside while drunk girls puked all over the women's restroom. Has the BOTG always been this heavily attended by jerk-off little preteens or is it just because school is almost out?"
"Yeah, it's pretty common. has anyone else discovered this glitch? i caught this strange glitch on bandicam."
But Obama said there is no such thing as election fraud in the USA r/hillaryclinton cucks want this to happen so bad. I say give them what they want.
"Well duh, The Super Bowl is obviously American Propaganda to distract the masses while the evil lizard Jews take over the world. Everybody hams up the USA during the Super Bowl. It is a distinctly American event that the whole nation tunes in for. How is this surprising in any way whatsoever?"
"Yeah, I go around and ask if girls are horny... have you ever asked?"
This is why we gotta keep the framerate cinematic Sometimes having over 60 FPS is a bad thing.
The Science is in. I wonder if this has an effect on global climate change?
"You mean there's several dark knights that aren't *quite* as dark as Batman, but... y'know, close? ""Krypton's brightest son vs. Gotham's darkest knight"" would really highlight this AND get rid of the passive voice."
Hopefully you meant to add Good. Very funny and true.
"he's in college, YOLO. Ramen is pretty unhealthy."
"Well, now that you point out that it would give us a world without Donald, maybe ..... Donald Trump's Immigration Principles Would've Barred His Own Grandfather The Republican frontrunner proposes an impossible threshold as he courts the restrictionist vote."
"Because she totally tried to get away with this by mentioning she was a woman ""Crazy Woman Flips Out-Thrown In Pool TWICE"""
"One of the ""good ones"" amirite? I thought this guy hit the nail on the head."
Buddy was totally resisting! Police Officer opens fire on innocent man during seat belt stop
"Source? I think, even as much as i love ted and all related brandings, that ""more than any other activity"" is not only speculative but also a little ridiculous. Breathing benefits your brain more than music."
you forgot to add Bernie should concede so that Hillary's candidacy is ensured despite any possible indictment. The election is too important to potentially lose by not having her at the head of the ticket.
You fucking freak! A fat ass
I hate it when people take the Bible out of context. I found this in a local church.
"You're just close-minded. Are you uncertain about the existence of dragons? We can't know for sure that they don't exist, but you would hardly call yourself agnostic about whether or not dragons exist. Just because gods tend to be more abstract concepts doesn't mean they should be exempt from this standard of evidence. I may be technically agnostic about both dragons and gods, but we say that ridiculous claims without evidence are false, not that we are not sure if they are true."
Because everything in the world needs to fit an internet meme. I'm still wondering what Kermit drinking Lipton has to do with anything.
"OP said assholes, not racists. Cop."
Looks like someone went up with their instructor to practice holds for their instrument rating. What's up with Solar Impulse this morning?
"Girls don't like nice guys, good thing he's edgy as a 12 year old now. We just want pussy that all"
Doesn't it just suck when people empathize with your cause? Why can't these thin lipped demons empathize with us?
Somebody doesn't like having valuable conversations^tm. Who wants to actually interact with MR that long?
well if your not doing anything wrong ...... Been seeing these around town covered in police logos. This kind of surveillance bug anyone else?
"And many of you are *wrong*, sir! Many of us still say Aluminium."
"Yea, there's no bad animals This is exactly why I am more compassionate toward animals than people. I hope this fucker dies a painful, fiery death."
I cant believe Steen beat Claudio lat week on Raw. Using wrestlers' real names.
"Yeah right, because the fans love Minus Miltia for the 3 hardcore tracks they've made. Sooo ... I guess I'm not a ""rawstyle"" lover suddenly. :( You might wanna check post history before judging. I think Minus Militia is way too overhyped and overrated and is just a half-assed attempt at being tough by making shitty hardcore remixes."
So you don't play Brawlhalla on ultra in VR mode? haha lol
"I was only joking haha, should have a put a Well those EMT's were fucking retarded. You are supposed to leave it on. If it isn't obstructing the airway then you leave it be. At most undo the face cage. You are never supposed to forcefully do anything with a spinal injury."
CLEARLY it's because the moon landing was faked and done on a soundstage. Why is this not in a museum? First they erase the tapes and then they trash the computers. What were they trying to hide?
What if morg city is an island in the bay and that's why you see Nero and I cards flying over soe Could the Jumpscare on MotD be Nero?
"Silly Semper-Fido, don't you know college sports didn't actually start until the 80s? It goes in waves. UK actually is winning the series 14-12."
"We're gonna get Tim Kain, he's the real puppet master. FBI re-opens Hillary email investigation!"
Great-blue Heron (white morph) Bachman's Warbler.
"Yes, but we are the only ones ever to set foot on that star, so 'MURICA FUCK YEAH. Americans, what a suprise."
"Wait, can they turn into something else? Except when the purples turn into shards."
Killed Muslim = right wing Where in the hell do you get your news from? Everything I've read and heard have been the opposite of this.
"Plot twist: all money is gone. Guy lost his wallet in Poland, one month later he received the wallet with this note. (xpost from r/pics)"
"Typical jingoist Ad Hominem strawman American, trying to defend himself with WORDS! Lately I've learned that reddit is all about putting down America. Even Americans do it. You know, for the karma and shit"
"Must not be, since it's not the Democrats doing it. Ah so pay to play?"
"I'm sure the challenges to printing text this small with this technique are absolutely trivial. The ""DE"" in debts is kinda crap also. WTF, US Treasury/Federal Reserve/whatever? Don't you people know how to kern?"
"Yeah I'm totally going to commute in my 911, cayman, or boxster. I'm not talking about driving. I'm talking about *commuting*. People hate that!"
"That's the territory of server boards, with 128GB+ of ECC RAM and Xeons uh, if you are working on gigantic 16MP canvases you shouldn't be doing that stuff on a tablet/ultrabook, period. That's Macbook Pro / Lenovo workstation territory."
You get a Fervor stack for snowballing Nunu sucks at procing basically everything unfortunately.
"But he's a TE Jaguars have fired OC Greg Olson, per @caplannfl."
As an American I can't understand how you could possibly feel safe or secure without everyone bearing arms. Police in the Uk don't carry guns. They can be almost certain that the person they pulled over is unarmed too. Traffic stops are therefore less antagonistic as the risk of death isn't overshadowing the transaction. Both parties feel less stressed.
but it was her turn you racist turns out simply repeating #i'mwithher and not being populist when the mood of the country is clearly trending that way is not a winning strategy eh?
Maybe if you'd done the work today instead of posting on Reddit... My boss tells me I have to work the weekend
"Yeah, but what motor is that? 69 304.."
We've been doing it since 1971! ITS A REVOLUTION!
"Yeah, they are doing it by *choice*. It means French people don't have to see people visibly making different choices with their lives, which is what the ban is really about."
"Maybe the green scissors just need to try to be more blue So my friend works with kids. Every day, he'd bring in a basket of blue scissors for a project. The scissors don't attract much attention, because they're all the same. Over time, some scissors had to be replaced. Now there are a few green pairs of scissors in the mix. This causes complete and utter chaos. The kids fight over the green scissors. They cause so much excitement and strife. It's the damnedest thing."
"I say we make a bid after this is all done and dusted What a save, their keep is really good."
"""But he just names post offices!"" Bernie Sanders was the roll call amendment king from 1995 to 2007"
because it's fantasy? Has anyone else noticed that Ghostbusters is a libertarian movie? Think about it. They get kicked out of academia and set up a private enterprise that provides the public with a previously unavailable service that the public sector is unable to provide. And the villain works for the EPA.
"Because pop artists can't be meaningful, don't be silly. I'm curious why you (and many others) refer to it as ""viral marketing"" instead of ""a concept album"" or simply ""art"". Can't it be that she simply wanted to make an album about cheating, suspicion, etc and wanted to ground it in her own life? I mean, plenty of artists write albums revolving around specific themes which aren't necessarily based on reality. Why is it that when Beyonce does it, people consider it some kind of marketing stunt?"
"Because it's not like humans went thousands of years without a cell phone signal or anything Coverage is king, everything else ultimately doesn't matter."
"Who are you, Socrates? She is pregnant so if I fuck her am I fucking her offspring too?"
"If Zoe Saldana can play multiple colors of space alien, I don't see why Emma Stone can't play multiple colors of not space alien Emma Stone is Asian. According to Cameron Crowe, he doesn't see race. Because that's why Emma Stone plays a 1/4 Chinese 1/4 Hawaiian girl named Allison Ng. And Jacqueline Byers plays Korean-American Natalie Shin. Ladies, no slight on you. But holy shit Cameron Crowe, wtf? Change their names or something. Someone get that man a Punnett Square and book on Mendelian genetics. Emma Stone is hot."
"Yeah, if it was in 60 fps your eyes would violently explode. It needs to be at 30 FPS pls, 60 FPS and those graphics would be too immersive"
"No no no.. it's *liberals* which is what's wrong with America. The United States has terrible mental health care, numerous problems with its justice system, legal executions and a man running for office that advocates ""torture even if it doesn't work"", but Ranch dressing is what is wrong with America."
"It's not, but I don't have any sort of mental issue that could be diagnosed, I just happen to be soooo unbelievably hot that two guys want me at the same time Husband and boyfriend? This is not typical."
"Yeah Michael Jordan is SOOOO overrated. Micheal Jordan and Kobe Bryant because of the hype they get and due to how over rated they are. They're great players don't get me wrong. How ever, great players will always be over rated and any one around them will get under rated. Especially in a small city like Portland."
Internet piracy! What did she do to get arrested!?!?!?!
True fans would have made this bet in June! DON'T YOU EVER QUESTION MY ALLEGIANCE!
3 delegates closer to being the president BREAKING: Golly Gee Kasuck closes the gap on (total lightweight) Marco Rubio
"Yeah, and lets give warriors race-specific banners while we're at it! What about engineers having race specific skins? So I got to thinking, wouldn't it make sense that different races would have different looking constructs? For example, Asura turrets could be skinned to look more akin to Asura weapons, Charr turrets could be more metal and jagged to look more how the Charr weapons look, etc. Thoughts?"
"Sure, just give me your password and username and I can give you 1.5m with IF Messi. buying fut coins I'm looking for a reliable and cheap seller to sell me around 1m per month. If you want to sell PayPal only and I only pay for goods no gifts been scammed and not happy about it."
Yeah as soon they make a daredevil omnibus for the daredevil show. Any hope of a reprint of Punisher Max Ennis Omnibus with the second season of Daredevil including him?
"If you want a saradomin hilt so bad, then buy one through the grand exchange. I hate you with a passion....... I was the dude standing outside the room. I have freaking 972 kc now and letting you get this kill is the biggest mistake i have ever made -.-"
But they's protect teh freedumbs If there is one thing I gathered from American pop culture is that marines are pretty retarded.
I'm SUPER excited to buy a house one day and have my MIL think she gets a say in the matter. Esh mil and house's. My fmil flipped when she found out we bought a house. Railed on about how FH was making a horrible mistake. A year and a half in its the best decision we ever made. We love our little house!
"Remember, minorities have to take the high road. It's a good point they shut down the government when Obama became president. And we're supposed to respect them the way they respected us right."
"Yeah, because Thompson is the problem Report: Cavs in exploratory talks to acquire another lottery pick. Waiters/Thompson involved."
No because that would be misogynistic I've heard this one. I really hope someone has pointed out the incredible ignorance of this quote to her.
Anyone who says they like Tamina is either a liar or the Rock's cousin Am I the only person on this sub who kinda likes Tamina?
"Make sure you wipe Dalvik 3 times just to be sure too Nope, never happened, if it goes slow and sluggish, try clearing Cache partition, Works like charm."
"to a redneck, 'database' is the layer upon which you apply your roofing material Not a smart move. How about a Redneck database first?"
Well... there's your proof! ONE OF THEM HAS GLASSES LIKE A SMART PERSON THE OTHER LOOKS LIKE A DUMB-DUMB
"\#5 if you see someone less fat than you or someone doing physical activity, call that person a ""skinny bitch"", ""not a real person"", accuse her or him of not having a social life, hating herself, being brainwashed or an idiot thin people don't have emotion and you should hate them, but make sure to never even mention the word f*t because that could make someone sad A sorority on my campus..."
the tail falls off Ooh. What will happen if we gently grab the tail?
"""real"" communism What is surprisingly still impossible in 2016 ?"
Why let an experienced subject matter expert decide when we've got people without any experience who can. Honestly: the chief should not have this power.
"Also, buy Colgate thats the thing isnt it, here in NZ you can live pretty well on minimum wage in some areas, probably even save up for a nice house in a decade or so (especially with kiwisaver - savings system where employer matches your contribution up to 3%. Invested well and has been seeing returns of 7% lately - its meant for retirement but you can take money out for first home) if you are responsible with your money. But you cannot live and save money in auckland on minimum wage."
"Because he chaingrabs in the Sheik ditto, who wants a guy like that on their team. How is Swedish Delight still unsponsored? His entire 2016 has been phenomenal, he's been playing at the level of demi-god throughout. * 2nd at SnS (double elim. M2K!) * 4th at Pound (close loss to Mango) * 5th here at Shine (taking down Westballz and showing an impressive Peach) * 9th at CEO * 9th at EVO * 2nd at Super Nebs (beating Hax and Westballz) What a rise from top30ish to definite top15, almost top 10. He has super strong wins over tough competition (4-1 vs West), and he's also killed it in Dubs this year with Slox from CT. Maybe I'm a Stan because he's from NJ, but tell me he doesn't deserve to get picked up."
"Three fifths of a debate really. The statement shouldn't have to be a political one, but apparently many people still think the value of black lives is up for debate."
"Yea fuck the guy trying to help you Don't suggest animes that i've watched... that should be a basic rule, also don't suggest shit animes to anyone..."
I thought Magazines were for reading? *magazine
"Another lazy bum looking for his free hand-out. Man sets himself on fire outside Birmingham job centre, apparently over a payment he had not received."
"Nope, nothing sexual about stripping down and showing to opposite gender your private sex parts She doesn't have boundaries. She may cheat, if she hasn't already. Bottom line is that she should have asked you before it happened. Holding something back means she knew it was wrong but chose to get naked with them anyway. Of course there was a sexual element. I would break up with her. But that's just what I would do. Not saying that you should do the same."
"I wonder if they'll share with the US Sorry, Chinese cooperation on the ISS was vetoed by the U.S because of fears over dual-use technologies. Now China may have the only permanently-manned space station within about a decade."
"oh damn, the double whammy , might as well go for the tri-fecta and hit this criminal scum with being black in public. Being black while shot, and being shot while black. Those together will send him down for a long time."
Peru - Next after North Korea. Peru Bans Monsanto and GMOs
Let's just get every middle-eastern actor on TV to be Abed's relatives! Yes! Also Aziz Ansari as Abed's cousin would be great
Please add Tommy for dogs?! Where'd you get that?
"I put the shrimp on the barby, upboats to the left you cunts. ""You said the word cunt, most australian comment evar!!!!1"""
"omg a rare species Hah good thing I'm not a lesbian! In yo face, Steam!"
"You used privy wrong. Ah, it's been a while since I've been privy to a good, ol' fashioned semantics argument."
"I mean, who the hell blows a 3-1 series lead They did it, they actually did it"
"If that's true, then how come we can still drown? TIL that human skin secrets an oily or waxy matter, called sebum, to lubricate and waterproof the skin and hair."
"I was just going to say: The game needs to be patched, so there is a recall so Nintendo can put out the patched version of the game. They might think the 1.1 update means Nintendo is *literally* recalling the games and updating them to put back on the shelves."
"Tough men shooting at unarmed people who are running away. Islamic State intense GoPro footage &amp; VBIED attack on Egyptian soldiers in the Sinai (November, 2014)"
Bracegate. Interesting tidbit from Reiss: Bill requires all offensive lineman to wear knee braces. May have saved Tre Jackson from a season ending knee injury Thursday.
he was cheating at lan in a grand finals and realized that he was being blatant so he tried to play it off by not shooting and making it look like something was wrong with his game. Anyone know what the hell happened with forest here?
"No, you move with WASD and aim with arrows :) Unless you were a casual they are aiming with wasd."
Fucking Harambe! Correction: it's a *plurality* No one got a majority vote on Tuesday
"Being sex-positive just means that you like having sex, right? Sex positive, everyone!"
"I'm so glad that Obama steered us clear of Bush's disastrous foreign policy AFP: ""The United States said Friday that it did not believe in ""diplomatic asylum"" after Ecuador offered to let WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange stay indefinitely in its embassy in London."". Well done, 'murrica."
IT'S WOMYN SHITLORD Yes. Yes I do. Especially As it is nearly always straight white middle class women telling me. If there's any group that is more privileged in the UK than a straight white middle class man it's a straight white middle class woman.
"But where's their moral barometer? ""Without God, people will just be terrible. Faith is what stops people from being animals!"" No, that means you're a terrible fucking piece of shit, and the only reason you restrain yourself is because of some promised reward when you die. If you need scare tactics and rewards to stop you from being awful, then you were never good to begin with. You're not a good person, you're a greedy disgusting piece of shit. And if there were a God, then surely he knows your thoughts and motivations better than you do, and knows you're never going to get that promised reward, since you were only good out of selfish reasons."
Above average wins championships. Wright is doing great and just pitched a CGSO. Porcello has been consistently above average all season. Price and Rodriguez have both been doing good lately. Pomeranz is the only real question mark.
Gee this is truly a fair and totally not reductionist view of this situation I have a turd and a banana. I prefer the banana. Am I biased towards bananas now?
"They don't get mad if you are a soldier though? I did at one point ;) FYI, the US Army Gets SUPER FUCKING MAD when you take their rifle, and spray paint it when you are a contractor and not a soldier. FYI."
So much effort was put into this. Guy got caught and had to make an anti-pot board in my dorm
"I, for one, think we should ban Windows Don't play stupid. Hammers serve a purpose. More people probably die from falling out windows too and we're not banning them. Don't act like they're comparable."
"yeah but not the country that matters, my country You're ignoring the fact that most countries recognize Kosovo as a nation tho"
"Removing the headphone jack really makes me want to ""upgrade"" Apple's Plan To Hook You On iPhone Upgrades Is Slowly Being Revealed"
"Just great, you know endless war Yea so didn't we kinda do this years ago in Afghanistan? How did that turn out again?"
"Deej calls it a ""bug"" and patches promptly. You don't lose ammo when switching off the ""scabbard"" perk on exotic swords. All 3 exotic swords have 2 perk columns with a choice of scabbard, and a stat booster. (one column has warrior of light, which increases the damage of the special attack, the other one is a cooldown/orb booster that is different on each sword). Selecting scabbard in both columns will increase the max charge on the sword from 55 to 81. However, if you turn them off and select the other perks in the column, you will not lose ammo, even if you are above your new cap. If you remember the trick people would do switching between field scout and perfect balance on y1 thunderlord, this is same thing. So if you're grabbing a bunch of heavy or popping a synth during some downtime, set both columns to scabbard, load up, then switch to your *-by-the-sword and warrior of light perks. That way you can go in with 81 ammo and all bonuses."
IITians What are some of the things Made in India but not officially sold here ? What are some of the things Made in India but not officially sold here ? Some I can think of at the top of my head are... Aeropostale or American Eagle and such brand clothes Cars with better safety features and sturdier components (yeah same cars are sold in India with inferior quality components due to lax laws in our country but the same model exported use better structure and components).
"Too complicated, must be something else Humanity?"
What kind of fuckin loser would watch people kick a ball for an enternity instead of watching some quality LoL action? LCS or World cup Brazil? most of the games have same time :/ i think i will decide after couple of beer..
Edgy Brah! Case why Josh Gordon will never be a good wide receiver again.
TIL defiance and deliverance are on the GCD Oh God please stop macroing GCD abilities. You can't utilise the queuing system if you do.
"That's because it's hard to make an aimbot that moves the mouse slowly to the target... Low sensitivity isn't necessarily a good idea. The technique that elusive1 uses often in close quarters is essentially swiping and hitting the trigger mid-swipe. As you can see in his videos, he moves the camera *extremely* fast. Another related thing is that in order to train your reflexes you should stick to one sensitivity and one scope."
"well clearly, if you're tall, or muscular, you have no skills whatsoever. How so?"
"And with hard work and perseverance, anyone can become part of the elite Manhattan Boy Makes Good: ""I'll never forget the lessons my parents and nanny taught me about hard work and perseverance."""
"Those players have done so terribly for the Seahawks though Remember, that's the same draft where Kiper gave the Seahawks a D for Irvin, Wagner and Wilson."
dropped this: Prometheus was not a hot mess. You just don't know how to recognize good film making.
"Uhh, he's called *ducky* I am loving this playthrough so much, especially when they all start to panic because they can't find Chica. Especially Barry. I just want to hug him."
"Packs are always the best value for money available Considering spending 1 million coins on these mega packs to open on monday. Hey guys, I have about 1.2 million in coins as I work the market quite frequently. * I'm examining these mega packs and I feel they are the best value I've seen (as far as rare cards per dollar. * Two gold jumbos gets you 14 rares and 34 non rare items. * For same price this gives at least 20 rare and 10 nonrare. * I figure I can buy the packs open them all and use my sub accounts to liquidate the consumables and already owned. * I would buy today and open during the Monday card release * Please let me know your thoughts."
"They're offset so probably add another $400 Snap on, so they are probably $800"
"So, how do i know for sure that you aren't part of the russian propaganda machine? I live in the USA and I agree with you. I do not think Putin is a tosser. I also think that the US Governments propaganda machine is far more dangerous than anything Russia is doing."
"When people understand my sarcasm perfectly, even without What does reddit do that makes you irrationally angry?"
aren't you happy with the new execution map more maps is what we need the same old fucking maps are getting annoying and boring
Man those servers are the best Instantly blacklisted
Such a loss Looks like wednesday's Solum was canceled. Seems to have vanished from the schedule.
"Hey I just bought the game, spoilers tags please! Or how the enemy group seems content to let you pluck 100 arrows at them a second from the farthest point away from thrown weapon range, run away from the battle, and rejoin it a second later to do the same thing? Or how they seem alright with you swinging a polearm axe overhead at them from juuuuust outside of regular melee weapon range and chop through everyone after getting rid of all their archers with what I mentioned above? Or how they're pretty damn stupid no matter what you do?"
That just sounds like censorship with extra steps. Oh I got it. The people are still controlling the content. They're just controlling it through an extra layer of people.
Yeah I could see people side it. **Pot of Fucking Retardedness** Normal Spell. *Draw 3 cards.*
Tldr: a bunch of dog hating people with nothing better to do called and complained because they stepped in dog shit once and obviously that means that ALL dogs must be punished! The City Council would like to remind everyone that dogs are not allowed in the dog park. People are not allowed in the dog park. It is possible that you will see hooded figures in the dog park. DO NOT APPROACH THEM. DO NOT APPROACH THE DOG PARK.
"Whats the deal with your username? If it ain't broke, don't fix it"
"The lack of pictures for once Can you give an example of some sentences that you find ""horrendous""?"
Show off. I belive there is only one person who makes that type of mug! Glad it arrived safe! Enjoy and happy shaving!
Just use deoxygenated blood from a vein to get blue But what if we want different colors?
Haven't heard that one before Don't you mean...*Cuckle* up?
but but Dash berlin isn't cheese His sets are cheese because he plays cheese
This guy is obviously getting an academic scholarship. This mouthwash gives you a sparkling smile.
"It doesn't really matter who they pick up imo, they could pick up Doloshi and they would still improve. Bittersweet (Hippi, Buck, Copier) need an AR for XP Qualifier"
How dare you not be her getaway driver. Not wanting to take her shopping because she was a shoplifter.
London Tube did it first Look what I found in the Taipei subway
Like lipstick! Good 'ol Remington (from Walmart)
Because that's a perfectly reasonable thing to do! Florida man punches child in the face for being late to church: police
"No your doctor is wrong, reddit is the correct place for medical advice I am 24, Recently had a blood pressure checkup! I had to start Gyming from this new year. My doctor suggested me to not to join the Gym until blood pressure level becomes ok. The doctor has called me again for full checkup and some upcoming medicine intake for a while. My BP is 150 points. I am confused. Is he right? What should I do?"
"Maybe she had the dirt on Clinton Janet Reno, First Woman to Be U.S. Attorney General, Dead at 78"
[] [](/emotefailure)
"fucking pinko commie I donated a couple of thousand dollars to a charity organization called the 'IRS'. It funds school lunches for poor kids, medical care for the elderly, and a few other things... You heard of it?"
Penalties are literally ruining Football statistics. Almost half were penalties to be fair.
Who needs torque when you can just dump the clutch at every red light? Of being stuck in traffic driving at slower than bike speed... I mean I miss my 95 Miata a bit when there are open roads. But I don't miss having no low end torque.
Its for comments like these that i avoid the No you aren't. Know why? No one who isn't rich as fuck pays to go to Harvard. Their endowment covers costs. So STFU.
"Are you saying Kiffin lacked decency? I mean, he just brought in numerous 4 and 5 star weapons to a team that just got done with a trio of 5-7 seasons (and not much good the two years before that). I'm happy with the recruiting so far, but I also have hope for this season. Cincinnati went 4-8 in Jones's first year there, then they had two 10-win seasons. He can transform programs. We've seen it before. It isn't really worship as much as it is hope of us having a decent coach post-fulmer."
"You're just jealous that my Xbox has 500gb and your gtx1080 only has 8gb! I do tend to think ""memory"" is a very poorly explained word to consumers. They don't understand the difference between memory and storage"
That looks painful and unexpected Perfect shot
Nope never ever again. Will event Pokemon be obtainable again any time soon?
Die cis scum! O essere una ragazza...
Obviously it's lost revenue Why censor an AD?
That statistic doesn't take into account what it's like to grow up in the hood. Why BLM is so rediculous.
You wouldn't mind Sean getting death threats? honestly wouldnt mind that!
"""Hamas fires rocket from school"" ""Hamas fires rocket from hospital"" ""Hamas fires rocket from hotel where reporters are staying"" No, they're not using human shields at all. Israel has admitted to using human shields. So far we have no proof Hamas used them."
We are so boned Holy shit Whiteboy went positive.
Aren't you getting pretty close yourself? No.
"war =profits you silly bunny- feeding the poors is like throwing money away Why doesn't the Republican Congress have enough money to feed the poor, but they have enough money to make war?"
Do they really need that much weed to survive? Spent all day yesterday establishing a Minmus colony and have finally achieved complete sustainability.
"Nice try Scarra, go back to poaching on Skype. Seriously if cloud9 ever wants to get anywhere again they need to dump Hai and make meteos the shotcaller."
I sure hopes he gets his license back! Illinois trooper involved in fatal 2007 crash seeks reinstatement of driving privileges
"Because tools didn't exist before capital. Labor theory of value? Are you serious? What's labor without capital? Tools, machines, etc. are capital, and very important. Without tools we go back to the stone age."
Couldn't have happened to a better guy Peyton Hillis placed on IR with concussion.
They should try to be passing harder. Stealth problems. :P
"Pack your bags TSM, shows over Lustboy fell from Diamond II to Diamond III."
Too soon And look where he is now.
"Did you pass it? Well, I wouldn't know. 5th grade was a long long time ago for me."
"Go to San Francisco, they all spawn there! Looking for: Vileplume, Alakazam, Dewgong, Hypno, Likitung, Onyx, Aerodactyl I know the first 4 are evolutions, but has anyone found any of these 7 in the wild?"
"I'm an atheist, debate me bro! Unwarranted announcements of people's ideologies as a way to initiate unwanted discussion of these ideologies."
oh no :( no fair to the americans!
"The ending of Big Fish, where it turns out [the father was exaggerating... but some version of everything he said actually happened] What scene from a movie or TV show makes you cry every time?"
"Probably because all em ""nuggets and Jews"" Disney world. Orlando is a strange place."
"Then don't go to South Africa, it's unpatriotic and it could give you weird ideas! Uh, mate, don't know about you but where I live the roads are fucking terrible, despite being one of the more affluent parts of one of the major cities in America. Why the hell is it that when I go to South Africa, they have infinitely better roads that will maybe have a pothole every few hundred kilometres?"
First time I've heard about this Real talk we need something done about Diamond 5 LP legit win 6 games in a row + 9 lp pergame then i get 2 bad teams in a row and look at that -32 pergame 6wins-2losses=0lp the math doesnt lie but i wish it did something needs to be done about this
"He should do an AMA! First image of Woody Harrelson as Lynden Johnson, from Rob Reiner's 2016 biopic ""LBJ"""
"But Norwegians are white, unlike Swedes. I get your point but I don't think that they would say ""foreign looking"" if he was Norwegian"
"yes, because the Highlanders have such a good football team also went to Radford. was too embarrassed to comment for fear of it being a top comment. oh, and Hokies...really? smh..."
"He couldn't do new stuff anymore, can't you read? Wait, there are different voice actors for different lines on the same hero? What happened to the original VA?"
"It's like, a few hundred... right? ""There is been a **fair** amount of tobacco associated deaths"" Surreal."
"yo I can't wait for SJB to finally break out - dude is the next Richard Sherman Hello 2012, 2013, and 2014 drafts."
"How incredibly odd that the father of a murdered child would want videos claiming his kids death was a hoax to be taken down. Sandy Hoax - ""Hey, Lenny. Why you gotta use fake names with the Sandy Hook staged exercise? Is Noah Pozner a real person? A real name?"""
"After watching ancient aliens we now know it was an ancient deathray! Dude, I've played Civ 3. Pyramids are +2 grain storage."
"oh shit, no twitter accounts, surely terrorism in the middle east is now over One Day Later, Anonymous Already Takes Down 3,824 Pro-ISIS Twitter Accounts"
"But, but what about Baylor Miami has also been eclipsed by two other larger in state schools. Texas will not be getting passed by Tech any time soon and will be tied with A&amp;M for relevance in the state for a long time unless we start getting national or conference titles."
"Easy, he'll tax you as much as the guy making $15 million, duh ""If you are a single mother making $40,000."" - Cruz What about the single mother working, but can't even make $15,000/year working 40 hours a week?"
"conspiracy theory that OP is a Yankee fan and trolling us the best they can ""Nationals to release Bryce Harper"" omg had a heart attack dude"
"exactly, if the monetary gains in this robbery saved the lives of his family of 10, is it worth it? Oh thank goodness for that, huh? He also didn't kill the children in the house. Whew. You know. Maybe he's not such a bad guy after all."
Taxes are theft obviously What? Please explain what you mean?
"No, no, he's alive in X-Men Quicksilver must be the only exception."
"There is no bad publicity To be honest, just name it Harambe if people want that. Would be a great PR move anyway"
"No, the guy who got knocked out in record breaking title fight time, pulled out of a highly promoted fight and refused several rematches is the victim. Conor's fans have completely took over this sub. Hilarious strawman though. 10/10. Conor is the victim guys."
"Yeah, but this is about ""real victims"". Can it be any more than the fear men have of being labeled as rapists? As a student, I know I don't get due process. So if someone says I raped them, my school tribunal assumes I'm guilty. I lose scholarships, I get suspended and expelled all based on an accusation. But I am sure women fear the consequences of being called a liar just as much."
Rush PD ez Is it just me or is minion block ridiculous this patch?
drug suspects are not people. Didn't he just release a statement that he's 'not a killer'? The schizophrenic statements from this guy is getting tiresome.
yeah... and Tony Stark is gay What's this I've been reading on the Internet lately about Captain America being a HYDRA agent all along?
"Because fuck you, that's why! Lurkers of Reddit, why don't you participate in conversations? Isn't conversation the building blocks of reddit? Also, do lurkers upvote?"
"Looks legit. Georgian capital flood: 12 killed, zoo animals escape"
"Riiight, the oldest excuse in the book. He only 5-mans, dw"
"Of course they have no voting fraud, MI5 only does fraud for us Brits No no man, she totally going to be elected. All legit no voting fraud ;)"
brb still crying congrats to pies on finally getting their shit together and running my tipping again after I tipped Brisbane last week thanks **COLLINGWOOD VS GEELONG**
This is a great article that encourages you to search on Google for what you might need. Hypnosis Scripts
"But we can still change things by voting right? Carolyn Maloney, the politician who introduced legislation that would require gun owners to have ""gun insurance"", has the insurance industry as her top contributors."
"Yeah, but Kaepernick sucked so bad that it created an aura of drops around McDonald Gabbert played in 8 games tho last year"
It must be God then right? Nope. They're traveling relative to the gravitational forces they are put under. Think about the shape of the Milky Way. A whole lot of stuff in a massive spiral.
"""But Your Honor, that guy needed killing!"" Taking items that belong to someone else and killing someone are very different in the eyes of the law. Under no circumstances is there a legal justification to kill someone. However, there are plenty of circumstances where you are legally justified to take items that belong to someone else. If you operate under the assumption that you are legally justified to be taking the things you are taking, there is no intent to commit a crime, so no crime is committed. That doesn't mean that you won't be held liable for civil damages though. If you kill someone what are you going to say? You believed yourself to be legally justified to kill the person, so there was no intent to commit a crime?"
"The brain of the person that wants to kill you. If you were on death row, what final meal would you request?"
"So we are taking this to PMs? Yes, that will definitely do it :)"
Javi Garcia Which former Manchester City player(s) you'll love to come back to City?
pull a majere for that sweet $17.50 ;) Nooo. As the CF owner I should have owned Rocksmith 1 &amp; the export pack by now..but I'm broke!
Still wish someone would put up a banana for scale purposes. My co-worker took apart one of the Maxell Optical Disk Cartridges. The disk itself is semi-transparent.
"Social Justice Warrior: Thought police addition. What is it, a shooting game?? Where you shoot anybody with real science or who questions the models. Kind of like a space invaders game, the longer you go with no heating, the more targets you need to shoot."
"Isn't it lovely? I KNEW IT!!!! Im in the prison business to! I knew it right when you said they jack off while others can easily see,them"
they arent kidding with the practical effects... Star Wars Episode VII filmset footage Leaked
HEY GUYS I FOUND THE VEGETARIAN HOW DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE IS ONE THEY WILL TELL YOU HAHAHAHAHAH Me too. I'm not some Hannibal Lector with a heart of stone. I'm just an average Joe and I'm sorry for all the chin scratches and snuggles that I stole. Never again.
"yeah you're so right, Blizzard totally has to make its heroes similar to paladin's to attract their playerbase, how can OW survive if Paladins is still around So about Paladins ripping off overwatch..."
"No, this escalation of draconian laws and increasing militarisation of police isn't getting out of hand at all. Queensland police want bigger guns and more armour to fight ""the bikie menace"""
"Oh yeah, because the Republican Party is the one with the most embedded racism, and tend to feel a little extreme when Trump speaks his mind. Trump's supporters scare me more then Trump. Trump says something racist enough that A few Republicans say ""whoa! Too far!"" And his supporters go to great lengths to justify how it's ok. They are rabid, angry and ignorant. A bad combination."
That makes it all okay Just the Jewish ones
"yeah good game but ingram's a bust dude Ice! tough shot great entertaining game throughout,"
You should put a Shut it you scum! It's 2016. Males can get pregnant now. HARROLD is pregnant. And shall not be oppressed by the likes of you!!
"Did you forget this? Any point in a pregnancy can cause fas with even one glass one wine. Any doctor who says otherwise is an enabling, quack alcoholic."
Yeah and bigoted people usually have a Southern accent too. It doesn't. If someone were to legitimately think that then it's more their problem than yours. It's a bigoted point of view.
"Damn why isn't there anyone as smart as you on the dev team? Of course it will, though it won't solve the problem at all, as people will still die to the doom drops. Then they'll make it cost energy or something, and it still won't solve the problem, so they'll just cut the speed in half which would have solved the whole problem in the first place."
Because Jerry Brown has really done wonders for those of us in California.... Gov. Jerry Brown warns Trump that California won't back down on climate change
"Plus all of their periods would eventually be on the same cycle, and then nobody in the company would get anything done 1 week out of 4! There'd be no synergy because all the women would have secret alliances and talk shit about each other all the time."
"Oh, well that's case closed then.. Intelligence director disputes allegations he lied"
Quality content right here. You never go full retard
"We need the extra screen time for the return of the Grey Worm romance. I don't understand. D&amp;D had the best chance of anyone to improve upon the books. I loved AFFC and ADWD, but they were bloated and featured too many new characters. Why did this happen? Why do they make changes that are worse than what the books provided? I don't get it."
"Interesting you only listed rightwingers, because the lefties don't do this at all ever. This is life period. This is why people listen to the rankings of Rush Limbaugh or Sarah Palin. They don't want to learn or compromise. They want their thoughts and feelings verbalized by someone else that is getting attention so they feel part of something larger than just themselves"
"I thought it was because Jamie is secretly a Targ bastard and is under Brans time travelling power? When Jamie explains his love for his sister in S06E08, it looks suspiciously intense and unrational. Could he be under some sort of spell? Perhaps Cersei has had Jamie under some powerful love magic all this time, to make sure she would have a noble warrior by her side, blindly doing her bidding. Perhaps the incest is part of the ritual to keep the flames of passion burning. If this spell was to become broken, he would soon realize that she has essentially ruined his entire life, making him an incestuous, treacherous buffoon, depriving him of his real destiny in her mad quest for power. And in doing so, she's managed to make everyone's life miserable, and had their children killed. In his rage, he might kill his own sister, making the prophecy come true."
"But then how will I squeeze into the carriage before everyone else, securing myself a sweet location to look at all the filled up seats longingly? Let people out of the elevator/room/building/train before you get in. That way there's more room for everybody."
"Sounds resonable. It could be a man in a duck costume, trying to trick you into giving up your breadcrumbs. You just never know."
Yeh forcing people to stick to one lane or at least general area is going to make is so much harder to find fights then the current system of chasing tails. Good luck finding any fights then.
"Yeah, totally sick of how we can't do blackface anymore too, damn SJWs Ugh, if only we could get back to a place where a movie like RHPS could be made without the SJW's finding reasons to be offended."
"""Hey guys I'm going to copy the game and essentially steal from the developer"" You can make a physical version of the game on PC too!"
Maybe Congress should form a committee to look into this Four Arsons in 74 Days at Planned Parenthood Clinics
"No, you must share your 1st world stuff with them until the whole world is equally the 3rd world! Again ? oh for fuck sake can't we just get rid of them so we can struggle with our own problems."
"Stupid fucking game developers, can't you see that we don't want technological improvement? Yeah! FUCK modern gaming!!"
"Sounds like a great idea. PS4 box Hi gamers, I have an odd and sort of unorthodox request: would anyone be willing to give me/ sell me/ loan me their PS4 box? I livein the chicago-land area and could pick it up from anywhere around, but would he willing to pay for the shipping if someone from further away was willing to send me one. I am not trying to scam poor saps on e-bay, just want to play a practical joke on my boyfriend ( he ""jokes"" that I should get him one...I'd buy him one if I could, but I can't spend that kind of money on one persons holiday present). Thank you for your time, attention, and (potentially) empty box! :)"
"Maybe you should be a cop! Of course, but a stoner can be stopped and searched if they appear intoxicated. Can a cop not stop and search a bodybuilder (which I know they have people acquiring that shit for them so they don't have to carry it) because it is impossible for him to be the size that he is without them? Also, a LEO's list of shit to worry about changes significantly from person to person. I've had state troopers pass me while I was going 10-15 over and other times I've been pulled over for going 5 over or a blinker not working. Just a thought..."
"But the GTX1080 will only be capable of 1080p. I'd still wait. The GTX 1080 is likely to outperform the 980TI and cost $500. Total speculation, but I think the 1080 will be worth the extra $50 in this situation."
But...but...there's little to no difference between 900p and 4k. And you thought it looked good on the XB1. It'll really shine on PC.
"""founding,"" nice grammar RETARD! Lol because you talking about the Internet here, you will have a hard time founding something they don't hate"
The world's a tough place for an up and coming bartender. U like green?
"Well, if they're seeking better job and educational opportunities, at least we know they won't end up in the US. Almost half of China's wealthy are considering relocating to North America or Europe within the next five years to find better education and job opportunities for their children"
This is the one with Daniel Day Louis right? Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter poster drops!
"Yeah, because Metal Gear Solid is the only games that Konami make. What are they going to do, stop providing them with games they're not making?"
What a nerd! No. Some people havent driven black out drunk.
All I know is that we should all blame Kevin. No current explanation.
"Hell yeah dude, i'm ready for Reddit's algorithms to spam me about another presidential candidate! Let Gary Johnson debate"
Tristan was clearly trying to break Millsap's forearm. Are you fucking kidding me? Milsap threw his arm onto TTs arm. How is that a foul.....
Cause getting a trophy is paramount to a kid's development 57 Percent of Americans Say Only Kids Who Win Should Get Trophies
Clearly the Patriarchy at work Also he is a white male so it's all ok whatever he does
It's okay support say it's coming back any day now Put King of the Hill back on please... I HAD 3 EPISODES LEFT!
"DayZ will take about 20 more years. ""tl;dr stop being little bitches, this is a fun game"" Except you can't dictate what fun is, because it's an emotion someone feels not a fact. After 90 hours of h1z1 and 300+ hours in DayZ i can safely say I'm very bored of the looting deathmatch genre. Yawn. I do however think this game can be a lot more in 1 or 2 years."
"No no no, they'd both go to hell because ""No Real Christian"" would murder someone. If A Christian Murdered If a Christian murdered a person who wasn't a Christian, the non-Christian would go to hell. The Christian could then easily repent and go to heaven."
No sane person could consider this a threat. Gun enthusiasts shoot effigy of gun control activist Sam Lee in 'vile' video.
"*My* idea, at that. A fine idea."
"Oh no, that makes me so angry, **please** don't do that..! You're welcome, but it's not done! I'm going to be an ass and post some more later that you can ignore if you want to!"
This is why republicans get a bad name... Pennsyltucky County Fair
"Pfft your examples are terrible, especially that Ove""sneaky elbow""chkin guy. Shooting left handed isn't a requirement to be a left winger ex. Ovechkin, Sharp, Vanek"
But reddit told me women are feminazis! We need more women like this
"Yeah it does! ""Doesn't GTA make kids shoot up schools and shit?"""
dont you think thatd be more appropriate on the day he was assasinated tho? I hear they'll be celebrating Black History Month with a Martin Luther King-size Blowout!
Is that because MEAT IS MURDER Made a charcuterie board to enjoy while watching Making a Murderer
confirmed burial He won with 1 High Fly Flow?
"No, this was a vote about Making the UK Great Again. Scotland leaves the UK joins the EU. Northern Ireland leaves the U.K joins the EU. UK is dissolved, economy destroyed. But no more brown people, which is all that matters!"
Just vote again! Can I change my vote?
Lol that's a great way to second guess your feelings Unbalance x3 Chapter 40.2
No but she gave speeches to wall street and somehow that's related because people shouldn't be allowed to make money giving speeches if I don't like the people they're speaking to. Important to note that Hillary has never pocketed a single donor dollar.
"Yeah, Cowboy has a stellar record against shittalkers that are susceptible to leg kicks. Honestly, I think Cowboy would destroy his legs, like he did to Alvarez. One reason Conor can bully other fighters is that he's big for the division. Lightweight, however, has some monsters in it."
"Couldn't have been a slash because the refs would have definitely called it just to fuck us. Jesus Latta, you gonna go start a fire after chopping wood like that?"
Irving/Parker JR/Ginobili Kawhi/RJeff LeBron/Duncan Aldrige/Thompson Almost as good as warriors Let's go Sparvs!
Black coffee matters? At some point you have to realize what truly matters in life. And coffee matters.
"Because this 8/10 review is clearly saying ""don't play witcher 3"" Should we not play Mario because it implies Peach needs a man's rescue? No Skyrim either as it's mainly white Nordic characters without main women characters. Should we not play Zelda as it implies she needs Link's rescue? Bye bye all fight games for ""sexy"" lady costumes. Time to get rid of Final Fantasy 7, after all it's racist and implies blacks aren't good fathers. Perhaps we should leave out GTA due to the obvious prostitues and strip clubs which hold women back 50 years? Perhaps if anything, if a website has legit social issues with a game they should not cover the game in order not to attract clicks and traffic? Fuck Polygon and this douche. I'm glad I RARELY go there now and didn't give them the click for this review."
"Yeah, I'm really not comfortable with google having access to my Google account OK, well, time to delete it until they fix this. I like security more than I like Pokemon."
"To the wings? Right, but I just get a feeling about EK that he will follow Alfredssons footsteps."
But where else would we get T1/T2 keys? Did [DE] forget about the Derelict? Is there no room in the drop tables for him there?
"I'm shaking and crying and asking for forgiveness right now. Hey, guys! Azeenab is back and he has a message for us."
"But no one has been asking for them to fix the stuck rudder bug This has been suggested soo many times, along with many other features to improve bot building, the garage, and practice mode but unfortunately it seems that Freejam has a lot on their plate at the moment with the new meta (which I find kind of boring because it usually ends up as a steamroll). If you ask me, I would prefer small convenient features like this be implemented, and also bugs fixed before Freejam pushes out more content that not many people / no one really wanted / asked for."
"Well, no surprise coming from a school with ""Devil"" in the name.... ASU lineman comes out as gay"
Because the S stands for speed Wait why did you...? They're the same thing
"For a straight woman it's amazing how much she seems to grasp straight male sexuality. I had no idea you could ""physically molest"" a doll."
Rationality shill! Why is pointing out clear misinformation on this subreddit considered shilling?
yeah like kirito missing a few people D:
"Yeah, because your boyfriend is totally going to flat out tell you something you did sucks. Screw you downvotes!"
That they're not all half-sheep by now. What's the strangest thing about Britain and/or British people?
"Duh that's why drinking your water is also a compound exercise cause you're using all the joints in your hand to grip the bottle Your wrist shouldn't move when curling. One joint is moving, it's an isolation exercise. Otherwise, every lift involving either your hands or your feet would be compound, cause they have like ten joints each. I've been watching too much Parks and Rec.."
"Wth, that's a tomato, bro An apple a day keeps sobriety away"
"Nice localized Jojoke bro. No, I think they're related because I've read and heard multiple times they're brothers. Their names together are a reference."
"Maybe they should have picked a spouse that could safely cross the street or not get cancer. Sometimes people are single parents because their spouse died or was abusive and they had to leave, or a plethora of other reasons that have nothing to do with being irresponsible."
Is that Dishonored 2? What's going on r/gaming? Why the ghost town?
"TIL bad guys don't buy guns illegally Wow, do you really think that's a possibility? Nobody has guns? Jesus man. Also, #GET HIM OUT #NO COAT"
Still sore about Martell Webster? I don't want to talk about it. The draft is stupid anyway.
Did Modiji forget that Oommen Chandy is a 'Christian' CM of a 'secular' state? PM Modi pats Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on 100% coverage under Jan Dhan Yojana
Yes because the majority of consumers have 4k monitors and 680 bucks to drop on video cards What a absolute shill. 1080p? fuck sake. test SLI with 4k+ resolutions and tell me it's not really an issue.
"I can see some fingerless gloves and a coat that looks like the one russman has Just looked at the Salvation poster again and noticed this figure in between richtofens legs and to me it looks nothing like a zombie, just want to see what other people have to say about it because in my eyes that 100% isn't a zombie"
"Obviously fake, April 11th 2016 has already passed. Clear picture of rumored Infinity Warfare cover and COD 4 MW info"
[Trevor?] I have a Windows phone... Am I screwed?
now the french must slaughter the cows as a warning to never do that again Swiss officials have issued a formal apology after it emerged army helicopters had crossed the border with France on Thursday in an unexpected incursion to draw water for thirsty Swiss cows.
"Aww you have such a terrible life. Pity us poor souls who have to listen to terrible local radio as part of our jobs. If not for them, I wouldn't have ever heard Bruno Mars, One Direction, JLS, Carly Rae Jepsen, Rita Ora, Ed Sheeran, Little Mix, Stooshe, and would listen to significantly less Pink, Scoiting For Girls, Train, and wouldn't all the words to all the songs of every chick flick made in the 1980s. I can't not listen to it."
"yes, but i have a VPN! Any admin worth his/her salt will be watching traffic and wonder what's generating the surges."
This joke fails because black people don't work. be sure to read the story UNDER the picture!
"Well you can still farm, you know with all those skeleton keys you have laying around... Yeah. The Grasp farm is dead."
"Lots of human sexuality and relationships post-docs in here... Does anyone else not like the term 'partner' to describe your S.O? I hate it. I feel like it is outdated, and undermines the significance of my relationship. I either like boyfriend, or husband. A partnership is not a marriage, and I feel like it is a heteronormative tool to appease the LGBT community. I am not in a business relationship with my boyfriend, I am in a loving relationship."
All hail corporate What the fuck is this commie bullshit?! The McDonalds flag is higher than the Murican flag!
"You're right, maybe they'll totally scrap it. Considering every single comment is saying, ""god i hope its not fucking shaco"" they would be pretty stupid to make it shaco."
"Yeah, we're complaining about the fact that he's gay, not that he is completely unqualified for the job. God forbid we let an openly gay man on the Supreme Court"
"Well, that's just *selfish*! Whenever someone gives me shit for not wanting children. (X-post from r/advice animals)"
"Thanks for letting us know. Mother 4 ... is a game that only exists through videos and footage. With each passing year, fans who await this game become more discouraged and doubtful of its release. I would have forgotten this game have I not seen it in my youtube video history. My Review: It's a game that COULD HAVE BEEN because no one released it to be what it COULD BE. And so, until it is released which is not in the foreseeable future, Mother 4 is only a collection of videos, works of what could have been on a website."
Your team sucks I Made Some Upgrades
Well you Irish Catholics *are* crazy. Crazy beliefs about Muslims. They make me think of the crazy beliefs that people had about my Irish Catholic ancestors back in the 19th Century.
Yeah stop complaining bout nuffin jeez You edited it?! Now my original comment means NOTHING!
"i know ... and i meant it as a JOKE .... He meant ""I want *WHITE* to win the worlds"""
They just have to get closer to the northern lights I would love to see someone try to top this
But she's never been inappropriate around a child in her life! Kelly Dodd had a restraining order filed against her for sending texts to her ex's son.
"Yeah the kids didn't have their mom watching them so let's give them no mom The mother left a 19-month old, two 3 year olds, and a 5 year old alone. Something tells me they'll be better off."
"In a country where public opinion mainly leans towards legalizing marijuana, and where many non-violent drug offenders face prison time, hating prisoners makes perfect sense. After seeing all the memes about hating prisoners, I decided to make my own"
"Because alcohol is soooooo good for you. That's a big reason it's not legal in the US. Alcohol companies would take a huge hit in profits. They'll fight tooth and nail to ""prove"" marijuana is bad for you."
"It has natural in it so it's got to be healthy! A selection of ""healthy"" options available at DFW airport."
You're wrong and we should have definitely bought Ronaldo or at the very least Zlatam. There was not one which we could have signed considering how much they will cost us and how much we have already spent.
You mean the one where T-Dog dies right? I'm with you. Top three along with the group finding Sofia and when Lori died. I can't really pick one.
"Yeah that's why Greece is poor Because the definition of *assets* make us look poorer than we are. If you life in the 60m^2 apartment of your great-grandparents in Rome with your wife and your 2 kids, you do not own a big a apartment. The kids share one room and all rooms are pretty tiny. However, the apartment would bring you probably easily half a million if you sold it - but buying a new one will cost just as much. In Germany, prices are a fraction of that. I also think that this statistic does not take into account the generous pensions that German workers get. My opinion on this is: Many countries are pretty messed up in the EU. Especially Greece. But this is because of a lack of democratic culture, oligarchic families and widespread corruption. The people themselves work at least just as hard as we do (maybe less effective?) and do really suffer. I'm very glad not to be a Greek at the moment."
"That's because under 18 play night elf hunters. As someone who has played both sides of the fence (so to speak) since late vanilla, i've found that alliance TENDS to have more people under 18 and over 40, and horde TENDS to have more people 18-40."
"""I watched as the lamb opened the first of the seven seals, etc..."" Sis Anger, obviously a tribute to Lamb of God Something something Fox among the lambs"
yea because gender roles all boil down to childbirth It's society that chose women to give birth?
"Umm excuse me, you must have missed Obama's ""Jobs Summit""! hes done more in 1 month as president elect than Obama has done in 8 years."
And see what it got them? One good thing about the enemy team: At least they knew to stay behind the damn shield for once lol
busted everywhere and if this is source im 100% sure this is not 66 tick 150 aa it doesn't look liike that at all
"Yeah, because they have NO CHOICE but to install this mod, since it is mandatory. This is rediculous people just starting out have zero fucking chance anymore."
Dirk to GSW? Wouldn't blame him if he did though.
Who doesn't love a lake of grease on top of their nachos? Shitty one looks better.
But that doesn't explain how his short range and very telegraphed mind control technique hit me! You were all waaaay too close to the boss
"But sure, drop rates are ""fine"" I bought Quartermaster holiday bundle after update..."
"They look terrible without a massive black box around the sponsor which improves the patterns in the middle simple designs, good sponsor integration. why cant we have nice things like this in the NRL?"
But in ROTC-land EVERYONE HAS TO BE THE SAME Our nursing cadets just shammed out of PT whenever they had class
"Yea, cause when guys say, ""Netflix and chill"" the first thing that comes to mind is getting her to reminisce on her childhood cartoons. yeah right . They have all the South Park episodes all of the old cartoons from early 2000s. Fuck around and get that bitchh reminiscing bout her childhood you're getting that butt."
I wonder if his source is the NUFC barber That's just some random guy?
This what happens when you live in one of those awful socialist countries TIL The entire Norwegian police force only fired 3 shots during 2014.
"This is sophisticated view on muslims that western leaders have is sure working great. Only in a nation that elected Donald Trump, the dumbest fucking leader of a Western nation, would everything be seen in black and white - where all muslims are barbarians unworthy of even petty sympathy."
"Yup, being a social cripple makes it a cinch to manipulate people. Aspergers=smart"
"Yeah because players like pasza, krimz and schneider are notorious cheaters Starladder good Anti-Cheat? Would explain all these good teams going out aye lamo"
probably soldered AND glued too knowing Apple It's Apple. There's not way it's NOT soldered in.
BUT WILL I? You'll live
"They're looking back at the explosion D:&lt; they're not badasses! Are we just looking at their very similar look-off-to-the-side-implying-sinister-badassery poses, or am I missing something?"
Then the terrorists win. 6 hours being below 7k? you might as well unsticky this thread.
As a man I feel I can explain what types of sexism women experience better then they can What are some common forms of sexism that women face?
Undertale. What is one thing FNAF could cross over with and work?
Because nothing will get positive responses just using lots of gendered slurs about other women! Are you a real deal female?
"that seems like an appropriate response. School Resource Officer seen choke-slamming student for being ""non-compliant""."
"The split for the anti-Maelstrom Pulse tech? Oh good, I've been running [[Ivory Mask]] is my prison deck, and frankly it's just embarrassing."
"But imagine that feeling *on drugs* That's awesome man. Best feeling ever. When you're with someone who makes you feel like that, you don't even need drugs."
Well that's because you dropped this My sarcasm has not been found amusing I suppose
Hmm if we make it free... demand should stay the same.. right? Free Melbourne tram ride may lead to overcrowding warns transport group
Depends if they agree with me or not tbh You mean my room mate looking to pundits to validate his wild claims isn't a great way to talk about sports?
Indeed... Now if only a body could pick up one of those cadillac Fed Dropships... *cough* ^probably ^until ^they ^rework ^rank ^missions *cough*
Well thank goodness we didn't elect Hillary Clinton and her highly regarded charity that helps people with HIV! Embassy of Azerbaijan to co-host event at Trump's D.C. hotel
Israel should make peace with these countries. The Seven Countries that Allow for Atheists' Execution
"Way to contribute to the debate.. If the Judeo-Christian of the Bible version of ""god"" would happen to reveal itself... ...what a horrible, disgusting Universe this would be. That asshole would not be worthy of *anyone's* ""worship"" and we should seek to destroy it."
No dammit! Srsly. Never seen someone so angry over pizza. Isn't there better things to rage about? o_o;;
"YEAH WELL YOU'RE A SOCIALIST. Because of obamacare I was able to be carried for an extra year on my parents insurance while I finished school and looked for a job. It is more expensive. However, I'm totally digging that Monday I was able to get my gallbladder removed with this insurance. That surgery commonly costs $22k. I would have been totally screwed without the changes to healthcare."
"Assad is worse than Hitler and ISIS combined. "" Hopefully we can get rid of Assad "" And let the radical islamists rebel groups control Syria?"
Amazing display SF brothers. SF's Folsom Street Fair: A Semi-SFW Gallery
"HOW DARE YOU Trying to state my opinion. Fuck me, right?"
"Well, the TSA never makes mistakes, so the only possible explanation is he *wanted* to be there. I'm laughing at the fact their initial thought was that someone snuck in to sit in a secondary screening room."
"Looking forward to seeing the poster for The BFG with everyone making the trademark Dreamworks face. Beloved Roald Dahl book ""The BFG"" will get the big-screen treatment - The 1982 children's novel will be adapted by ""E.T."" screenwriter Melissa Mathison."
Did OP Finnish HW yet? Make sure you do your homework
and bernie sanders can still win the nomination this game is still doable.
"Horses in Skyrim totally trivialized the experience. I really don't want this game to turn into some Mad Max rip off. If you're able to use vehicles then so will other NPCs. It's a slippery slope. Besides, there is so much to experience when you don't fast travel. I've got 6 days logged so far and haven't fast traveled once. It's been amazing and doesn't take nearly as much time as you think it would to get from point A to B. Unless you're going from Sanctuary to The Castle or something like that. The whole point of a Bethesda game is to go out and explore and have an Adventure. you can't do that while zooming around on a motorcycle because there are so many things you would miss. It trivializes that whole game."
Human eye can only see 24mhz per second. Isn't the MHz difference not even noticeable from 1333 to 1600?
"Wow, you're stepping pretty far out of the pop-punk zone here, OP. I'll start us off: Flyleaf Rise Against Sorority Noise Captain We're Sinking Cayetana The Menzingers Foxing I could put a lot more here, but I don't really think we need to post every single thing we listen to, so here are my big ones."
You forgot the How are people even in doubt?? Definately cheating right there.
Its because Melee is too competitive It plays Wii stuff just as well if not better than Gamecube. It's much easier to emulate Super Smash Bros. Brawl for example than Melee.
"It's okay, he got Cuvee with his ult. SSG vs. TSM the Elder Dragon Fight"
"I think I agree with 2crudedudes up there, he seems to know what he's talking about. Ok, you missed the point dude. The exploit is the webserver rendering an image as an ASPX script or essentially the ability to upload / execute arbitrary code. The code which is uploaded allows an attacker to retain a foothold on the server, this would be considered a backdoor."
"Oh haha, you forgot the I know. I was joking."
"It's obviously us PBE players faults, as reddit tends to say I love how riot straight up ignores the pbe board. This was reported a couple of weeks ago there and they difnt give a shit."
john gibbons is a sexist misogynistic pig that is the embodiment of how out of touch baseball is with modern society with these disgusting comments implying that only women wear dresses This is being blown way out of proportion by the media.
"Looking forward to him and that ult spamming QM for the next month straight, and first-banning him in every ban mode. Turns out Ragnaros' ult is preeeeetty good"
"Wow, and you call yourself a Lookout? So today only 2 people decided to show up?"
there is no 17th month m8 a whole slew of night-themed maps based on the originals. Operation Blackout. Predicted on 10/17/2015 14:53
"Yeah, but look how many yard signs Bernie has. If rally size mattered as much as people in the media claim, Romney would be running for reelection and/or Ron Paul would be president."
Dat rock star economy. The NZ Sharemarket fell again today taking losses to nearly 5 per cent in just over week.
"Your standards are just too high No funny stories but I am a mid twenties virgin so yeah, it's possible not to get laid as a girl."
Well it *is* a Toshiba Slowest Intel i7 ever
"But if people don't know that I'm offended, however will I live with myself? Can we please stop with the ""I have been insulted"" posts? We're on the Internet playing a videogame with strangers that could be of any age and background. Yes, they are going to say and do stupid things, we know. It happens in every videogame. It really clogs the subreddit with boring rage-posts about how Person A was a an ass to Person B. Can we either grow a thicker skin or not allow these posts anymore because personally, I am getting tired of them."
"You forgot to add Politifact is a liberal site, hardly objective at all. It's good to see someone of character like Cheney not afraid to stand up to the lies in the Senate Democrat report."
"its his hardstyle track on friday Nitro Fun Hints at Something Soon. Possibly a Track Called ""SOS""."
Where's North Korea? Dota2 vs CS:GO by country
"How surprising that the police destroyed evidence. hm so I was reading and listening to both sides of the story, and it was plausible that the couple may have been inapproriate and combative *until* it was reported that the ""surveillance footage mysteriously disappeared"". uhhu okayyyyy."
Because Transgendered Leftests are the natural enemy of Planned Parenthood Ted Cruz Describes Alleged Planned Parenthood Shooter As 'Transgendered Leftist Activist'
Why would you even ask him that is good for 30k+ miles easily! I asked him if he wanted his spare put on. He said no..
"Cool, I'm totally going to trust a report funded by the **""Friends of Israel Initiative""** over every human rights group on earth including Amnesty and Human rights Watch. Ex-generals, diplomats absolve Israel of Gaza war crimes - Preliminary findings were released by the High Level International Military Group"
Yeah because i spend all day reading this stuff That's not criticism... There is no mention of the build being good or bad for any given reason. It's strictly about the video format and how it's nice to see mapping content first. Stop parroting things you've heard in other recent build video topics.
"Your mistake was buying a 960 Desperately need help brothers! Hello all, recently I upgraded my graphics card to a MSI GeForce GTX 960 Gaming 2GB and have noticed some issues when gaming and general use. When playing games I could run fine with my ASUS GeForce GTX 560 1GB DirectCU, I now notice a FPS stutter every so often and sometimes complete freezes. Some programs have crashed as well since the upgrade. I've done some research and have narrowed it down to insufficient power. I currently have a Gigabyte power supply with a continuous output of 450W. But upon further research I noticed my new card uses less than my old one. The GTX 960 power consumption is 120W and my old GTX 560 used 225W. SO what is the go here? The rest of my specs are - Intel Core i5-3570 CPU 3.40GHz | Gigabyte H77M-D3H Motherboard | 1TB HDD | 120 GB SSD| Really hope you guys can help, thanks"
"no not at all ;) There's no gay agenda, though"
"Yeah, why bother coming to this sub at all? 95% of the questions asked here could be answered faster and more correctly with this"
This is the plotline to Memento isn't it? YOUR DEBT IS PAID.
"B-bu-but that's why we have 'under God' in the pledge, this is a Christian nation! Could not stop myself"
I want my moonwalk Are we gonna get dance moves in patch 4.0? I just want the complete Call of duty experience you know?
It's called Otherkin on tumblr you uneducated swine you should go to tumblr and tell your story as a transspider. i bet they will support you!
"but if the song is catchy then it must be true! Follow the Prophet is super creepy, especially with that minor key. As Sisters in Zion/Armies of Helaman. Anything in those EFY soundtracks. (Obligatory OMG it's Elna Baker, she's so funny and great.)"
"Your friend sounds fun. Hah, say that to my friend who has 2 LoL accounts on rotation because at least 1 is always banned because of shit talking :D"
Did you just assume their race? So uhh... there's a couple of black dudes in the middle of the crowd
Further proof that Wizards hates non-creature spells... Maro Responds to Lack of Damnation in CN2
"Good thing there's only godlike chargers in turf war You say that, but the other day I got blown to bits mid-air in four different spots on the map trying to get to center. Can't flank if their eliter is a god."
"Karma *is* all that matters, therefore, I'm way better and more important than you Well, if it's karma that matters, he's beating me D: Maybe I should go comment in the defaults and adviceanimals like he does to pad my e-peen a bit..."
"TIL throwing money around is classy. That's one thing I love about my SO. He tips well. Usually at least 30%. My mom and I think it's the classiest thing because it doesn't matter what the bill is. $20 or $150. It's always at least 30%. Needless to say we don't go out more than once a week, bit I think it's classy as hell."
"That quote does not sound at all out of context, and reviewing countless pictures of oneself is not at all equivalent to looking into a mirror. Selfie addict attempts suicide."
Woah where is this coming from? Transfer News: Tottenham winger Erik Lamela linked with return to Italy
DEZ OBVIOUSLY CAUGHT IT Game Thread: Green Bay Packers (8-4) vs Dallas Cowboys (4-8)
What else did you expect? The justification for Kejriwal joining hands with Fodder scam convict is that Govt banned 857 websites for 3 days?
And pay their internet money for monthly spark plug replacement e60 owners had to pawn their computers to pay for repairs.
"Us 90s and 2000s kids should work in solidarity against the 2010s le 90s(the best decade) kid checking in. I would gladly trade my PC, smart phone, Video game consoles, HDTVs and wifi for one of these magic birds."
"And a conservative traditionalist! ""KRIS KOBACH! Harvard, Yale, Oxford, tall, handsome, lovely family and a total stalwart on immigration. If anything happened to Trump, the country would still be safe in Kobach's hands."" - Ann Coulter on who to choose as VP"
No wonder all their footballers are over here. Flemish green party proposes Belgian referendum on splitting the country and making English an official language in Belgium.
"Yeah, but I just said they raped me, so it's all good. Have you ever regretted sleeping/having sex with someone?"
"You mean Black kids right? *devolved Language used to be flawless, until those damn kids came along and corrupted it. And the English. They raped and pillaged our precious languages to create that horrible mess of grunts and gargles they communicate in."
Try smoking outside I was hoping someone else knew this. Good to know to blow smoke out of the kitchen too.
"Is it ok if I am at the top of the team and say ""idiot team""?.... Small rant I hate when people say ""idiot team"" when they die but they have 0 kills and 1 death while everyone else is killing bad guys. Its not our fault as a team that you can't fight an enemy. This goes to both planes and tank battles."
"See, just another guy trying to fix the situation when you just wanted to vent This is a great response!"
"It's not our job to educate you! I do it all the time. My other approach is to stop presenting my own argument and instead ask clarificatory questions about their view and terminology. Nothing, absolutely nothing, infuriates overblown pseudo-intellectuals more than being asked what the words they are using even mean because they honestly can't explain their own position. Reason is oppressive as fuck."
"Ah, sounds like justice was served! Saudi man gets 10 years, 2,000 lashes over atheist tweets"
He just wants our clicks tho Fuck your clickbait title man
because that's communism Why not just have healthcare as as part of the more generalized government tax like they have in the UK?
It's in a different state for crying out loud This belongs in the New Albany subreddit.
"You tell that bitch! Oh honey, it's easy. If a man says it, it's okay. If a woman says it, it's offensive."
"Except in Orlando, passing on the right is the only permitted way, preferably in the exit lane of an off ramp, at 2x the speed limit while everyone to the left is at a dead stop. ""Remember kids, if I'm passing you on the right, you're in the wrong"""
"The Rams are screwed 49ers' WRs Saturday in L.A.: Jeremy Kerley, Rod Streater, Chris Harper, Aaron Burbridge and DeAndre Smelter. Should be fun."
Who are you? Now imagine how we feel.
"But with a Diet Coke, so it's okay. When people talk about how hard they're trying to lose weight, and then they go and get a double bacon cheeseburger from the nearest fast food place"
"No don't you get it it's abstract, the mangled body is a representation of the human experience. i agree but this is a shitty picture."
"But 9/11 happened when Bush was in office so he MUST have been involved. I find that most things any president gets blamed for, they didn't do; and likewise anything they get praised for, they didn't do."
Obviously the golden age was 2007 because CoD4 was the greatest game of all time! 1970-1981 was the golden age of gaming.
"See, Trump really does get the best people. Latinos for Trump Founder Marco Gutierrez is a Real Estate Scammer, Filed Bankruptcy Fourteen Times"
"That happens, you're emotional, she's always right... I do. However, I just got into an argument with my beloved mother last night. I'll be calling her to apologize profusely later today. :-/"
"If only this was on the sidebar. Updating to 5.1 with custom Recovery &amp; Kernel Hi guys, i'm on 5.0.1 and i want to update to 5.1. The question is: how do i update if i have TWRP as recovery and ElementalX as kernel? Thanks."
"yup, look at all that other discussion happening in chat. This isn't censorship, this is just basic anti-trolling measures. Having a bunch of people spamming meme phrases isn't a discusson."
Lol mental illness is hilarious you guys... Came home to find my house mate has been evicted for not paying his rent and we found over 50 bottles of piss his room
Ahhh so that justifies the lynchings and killing. And who sold the black people into slavery in the first place? Black people.
"Of course they will - can't let a good tragedy go to waste, right? Japan plans extra spending on anti-terrorism measures: Sources"
"oh the rust belt, how i love you This used to be a strut."
"So as someone who loves philosophy, isn't it super obvious that the church has the best answers to all ""deep"" questions? Nugget Gleaned from Missionary Email: Rexburg, ID Family Leaves My little brother is on a mission and in his weekly email this week he accidentally sent a portion of his email that wasn't meant for me (he said so explicitly). Apparently my family wrote him about a classmate of his and her family that had left the church: ""I'm gonna send this in two emails, so [exmormonphilosopher] won't see this paragraph... Yeah, it is a shame about [my brother's high school classmate], but sadly that doesn't surprise me too much, what does surprise me is the whole family leaving! So when you say ""left"" do you mean went inactive, or had their names removed from the records? Anyway, so I say I'm not surprised because she basically led some ordained woman club in the school. I never really liked any of it...I voted against it. Still...leaving the church...that's kinda extreme."" I'm from Rexburg (I don't live there now but all my friends and family do) and if anyone out there knows them (or you are they), know that at least one fellow Rexburger empathizes and stands in solidarity with your decision."
Pshht....yeah enjoy your slow death from fluoride poisoning. Tell me where the water for the ice came from? Natural springs? What about the fluoride if it came from tap?
"Not biased at all, there. Can gaming survive?"
"I know right that huge shield isn't much of an indicator Now that we have a Screen indicator for Zilean's Ult... Can we get one for Shen? I just got out of a game where no matter how many times I explained to my team I have my shield on them they still seemed to try as hard as possible to actively get AWAY from the other champ. Granted, when you're on the verge of death I understand the need to get away, but it happened so many times I'm debating just not playing Shen at all till this gets some kind of indication that Shen will descend from the top lane and give you a huge hug if you just stay in combat a second longer."
"Tell that to the blacks! You can't steal an island, it stays right where it started."
"The color of the driver's skin. Police officers of Reddit, what makes you decide whether to give people a ticket or just let them off with a warning?"
"Yes because it would be much more interesting if all 10 skills were laid out on the keyboard I was googling something about Invoker, when I found this peasantry. It's just hilarious how peasants think."
But that's not what's important here It's too bad Russell Wilson is not black enough to lead the team to a super bowl.
"But I thought the Dart was a 'groundbreaking' sedan endorsed by Tom Brady and starting at under $16,000? Hung out a car window at 70 mph to get this shot of a '68 Dodge Dart"
WHY DOES CANADA GET ALL THE GOOD DEALS Mexx - 50% off reg. priced merchandise Nov 15th-17th
"you forgot the There was a recent Supreme Court case that created this new way to fund your campaign, McCutcheon v. FEC. This whole issue is an outgrowth of that decision. It's following exactly the spirit of that decision. It would be incredibly dumb to refuse to take advantage of the law as it is. If we just elect Hillary Clinton, SCOTUS will close these loopholes by reversing their decision in McCutcheon and Citizens United."
"It cuts each hair follicle 6 times and provides double the shavings over the Mach 3! They have 6 bladed cartridges now? I know they had gone to 5 blades and the fusion had a single on the back, but it looks like that is advertising 6 blades in a row on the same face(ha) of the cartridge head. Holy cow how is that necessary?"
Don't throw your logic at him! It's being covered by your reticle...
But I love bunny hopping for 10 minutes to get to other runs. Because you can lose a ski in the middle of a run? What about catwalks? I know you can't honestly wish you didn't at least have skis for those.
"Yes the appeasement in European countries works greatly. This type of thing would make Bin Laden smile. Go ahead, make your neighbors feel alienated, unwanted, unwelcome and deaminized. Do you want to push ""Moderates"" on the fringe into extremists hands? Because this is how you push moderates into extremists hands."
Oh pins yea I just shove my finger In and press them down and pick up the board by only the socket right without a cover right Found this lying around at a store...on sale for $80...wew
"lol scrub, not even playing on HC This is what makes us so glorious!"
"WOW, THIS IS SUCH AN AMAZING FACT! PSA: IF YOU COMPLETELY FILL OUT PATRONAGE SOCIAL POLICY TREE, YOU CAN GET GIFTED THE MERCHANT OF VENICE EVEN IF YOU ARE NOT PLAYING AS VENICE"
And poor people deserved to be oppressed more And?
"Ain't my rig (Read title), but it sure does match up nicely Atleast it matches your color scheme."
Because we havnt seen this picture before... Safe is open! Hurry up and grab the stu-.. oh.
But what about RKO outta nowhere! The way he used the Diamond Cutter aka RKO was much different the Ortons. He tried to do it differently and out of nowhere each time.
"Or put his hands up or something, because I hear that works too. Damn, if he had only dropped the knife and got down. What a tragedy"
"It man, come on, it's not that difficult ...Restarting what?"
"They just let anyone be mods these days... I don't have the authorization to upload flags - if I do, then I don't know how to do that."
Anything goes so long as we do it to the bad guys! It's OK though because we were firebombing the bad guys.
"I bet there's one in the shed! holy shit Reddit, prepare your sphincters!"
"So I guess CIG only has 13 million dollars left 'in the bank' now? Only 5 Million dollars in a week. Dammit, we're doooomed!"
"It just went over our heads, fatties logic is too fast and we didnt catch it i suppose. I was skimming pretty fast because it was so long. When I saw that comment I scrolled back to see what fact she made . . . still looking . . . yeah, I'm missing it."
Yeah because the VA hospitals are the ideal. Worst of both worlds :(
"Just tell them the mice are your pets Nope, no pets allowed :("
Did you save 15% or more on car insurance by switching to Geico? I just saved 15% on my divorce proceedings by switching to Islam
"Could always do MtF vocal exercises! Since T literally changed my voice, I actually *can't* use my old voice now, even if I wanted to."
Education reform SAT tutoring is going to save our country? That's a nice thought.
"Well you see, its 30% cooler because the pipe is no longer attached so the heat can just flow right off the card! Guess the ""30% cooler"" comes with some assembly required."
"Kita niyo naman, ang dami nang natututunan ng mga bata natin sa mundong ibabaw! Yes, Mother Lily, because adultery films and Vice Ganda shenanigans are far better for kids than an animated film like Saving Sally."
Haha alright dude I sure did Dude you were caught in your lie. It was a good run but you were checkmated.
I'm sure a solutions-oriented guy like Cruz will have no problem getting legislation passed to fix this. Cruz tackles wealth concentration
"not as serious as the sond effects at 2:30 Wow, that could have ended way worse for the Danes. The taliban had some serious firepower there."
"Oh what do the Germans know about the negative impact islam can have on a society. Here in germany you don't really get the impression that they *want* a positive relationship with us. Of course many integrate, of course there are many friendships etc. But...they hear their own music, speak their own languages and when you see a bunch of young ""arab"" looking men at night...well, then you consider switching to the other side of the street."
Dont bother showing yourself with a laptop in public unless its a macbook ;) Is there nice and quite cafe to chillout with laptops and books? I live in company accommodation. PPL are nice (except 1) and I need some private time alone without having ppl rushing into my room without knocks. Can anyone recommend me some places for me to runaway for while in night time? I tried high frequency but its too busy there.. Thank ppl
but muh wet dreamz Did you even read the article? You dumb as fuck if you think that's corny.
"Yes, because having it suddenly known with all your peers you have a large dick makes it no longer embarrassing. Horrible Prank Gone Right"
"Watch out, you're triggering us. That offends me."
UF has been lacking in defense recently 5 star CB Jalen Tabor switches his commitment from Arizona to the Gators
"I concur, any and all things ever abused by anyone should immediately be disbanded! I'm glad the store mentioned Bill Clinton's unauthorized use of the IRS to go after his political enemies. The IRS should be disbanded."
"yeah, those pesky women with there stupid fight for equality, glad you put them straight with your discussion Why heists is my new favorite thing. Obviously I was only there for some bxp towards my infinity ethereal set. But earlier tonight I got in a game with some people from ""heists for exp"" and basically this mini game involves standing around for 5 minutes at a time. I ended up talking to the guys I was playing with for 4 hours. We discussed feminazis, multivariable calculus, and even my grandma's swearing among other things. It was like I was back in 2006 when 20 people would be gathered around the yew tree and just talk. It's what the game is supposed to be like. Ended up adding them and I'm sure we'll do plenty more. Just thought I'd share this; it's been years since the last time that happened."
A rare opportunity to go outside into the world and enjoy fresh air. My question is: what is Sony giving me?
"You're doing it wrong, you're supposed title it, 'So I just walked in on my dog like this...' Bro, do you even Aww? First post, my dog in glasses! Took me a while to get this shot."
Incest is wincest Right after you just said you wanted to be his adopted daughter
But he was a Republican so obviously all those people were stupid I remember reading that bush's first election had a lot of people voting got him because he seemed like the kind of guy you could have a beer with.
"Right, I forgot about that genuine, completely unscripted moment. But in the last debate she said she's not a great politician."
I have a great idea: make his ult not affect him! Does Malfurion need additional nerfs? Even after several fixes he is still absolute priority in both Hero League and professional plays...
It literally has *never* happened before. But it was a pivotal point in galactic history!!!
Don't start that trickle down economics with me you trump supporter That's just being smart dude. Put up a sign that you got a Pokestop. I also think it was intentional from Niantic. You buy more lures and they make money. They make money and then you make money because of them.
It still counts as circlejerking if you don't like the feats. TIL using feats to back up arguments is circle jerking
Do you even watch the vlogs? Why is Woody a busy dude?
How could you live with youself by having that advantage over other players Some screenshots I took with added filters. Use MaxCam Addon for some angles.
"We must have TPP to save us from the scary people! Getting very bored of this constant Isis fear mongering, the chances of us being harmed by them are nil. Tpp on the other hand is definitely going to harm us."
"Fuck you asshole! Hahaha exactly. Which is why I laugh heartily at communists who are like ""bu bu bu classless society!"". As long as humans have the capacity to be dicks to each other, they will be."
Good thing there's a 3 week hiatus. 4x07 would be the one right after the movie comes out
"Well, you might be wright. It actually did track. It's just very iffy tracking. Unlike a hydra, the caster won't go out of its way to follow a vehicle. It curves a bit but if the angle of direction change becomes too large, it kind of loses its will to follow. In most cases, this'll make it go forward until it hits a wall and explodes. Here, however, it went straight up until it hit some invisible ceiling but had nothing to stick to, so it got forced down. That meant the angle of direction for tracking was small again, so it resumed following the banshee. You can see I got hit markers for when it stuck the banshee, then once again for the explosion."
But you are though. I hate being treated like a second-class citizen by ELeague because I don't live in the US.
"Allies balanced now In light of the latest discovered bug post patch, please don't become one of these players."
Cmon man... thats like saying If the Sharks win the Stanley cup this year I will meet with two redditors and will allow them to kick me one tiem as hard as they can in my balls. If the Canucks don't make the playoffs this year I will meet up with two random redditors and I will allow them to kick me one time each as hard as they can in my balls. This may be deleted by moderators or considered off topic but i dont care i have this much faith in my team!
"Quality post, upvoting Why get rid of the Dept of Education? Because apparently MLK freed the slaves and gave us Freedom of Speech."
Yea but with the SE people won't complain that it unlocks TOO quickly when using the fingerprint reader. 2nd gen Touch ID is billed as being much faster.
try washing off the bug spray before you eat it then Swiss chard tastes like bug spray.
"I get upset when you use unnecessary commas MOTHERFUCKER Do mentally handicapped people become sad when, watching a movie about a mentally handicapped people? Like it asks in the title."
Fucking deathball man... Guy falls for the same gank TWICE within minutes of match starting
"Real flat zones aren't that hard, just run a cover 2 and rezone every other player to your desired coverage I hope one of the 8 new zones is an actual flat zone, not a flat zones that just drops back 10 yards bc you know fuck me"
Lesbianism is BAAADDD unless they make a threesome with a man every one know lesbians don't exist.
"it's their fault for not making a necronomicon It's not about his balance, it's what he turns the game into. He makes the game a passive, no gank, farming game for 80 minutes and when the team has a fucking bank of gems in the fountain they can maybe try to get a pick off to farm for 20 more minutes and then push and still walk highground without vision to give a rampage to a techies with 10 000 000 000 mines and bombs and the game will keep going until the end of time."
It is the price we pay for civilization Law Professor: You are probably breaking the law right now
But that Obama sure does cry crocodile tears. Biden says Obama offered financial help amid son's illness
"Yeh, NRG are being a really bad team with hermit, totally not one of the best NA teams Maybe they were really bad"
"yup and tsm will not only get out of group but win worlds too :D dyrus is going to pull out jayce and win vs lgd and singed after because they'll have to perma ban darius, diana and nidalee vs tsm"
"Shoulda signed Mark Jackson... We all know who this offense is going to run through. With that said, Blatt's an amazing coach, and has long been considered a players coach of sorts. Players rave about him. Of course Marion came because of LeBron, but Blatt isn't gonna hurt...not like some coaches in the recent past.:."
It's possible... with the power of white privilege! So the celts and european pagans who had 0 interaction with egyptians somehow psychically stole dreads from them so thousands of years in the future they could oppress black people? Seems legit.
the nerd is probably on his computer doing corsi work instead of watching the game Is that Dubas in the back?
"Wow that logic was spot on I can't believe it's that simple and straight forward An interesting thing about Kaepernick situation: * He (and others) are protesting during the National Anthem, for actions of State/local police. * National Anthem represents the country, specifically, the Federal Government. * Federal Government agrees with him. Pres Obama has stated support, DOJ has independently investigated many of the situations stated as reasoning for protests, etc. * Ali was protesting Vietnam war (Fed Gov), Russell was protesting Civil Rights (Fed Gov). * So Kaep (and others with same mindset) are protesting a *Fed Gov* that agrees with them.....because of issues they have with *State* law enforcement."
"Easy fix, just don't do your homework! As a bassoonist who plays tenor sax and mellophone, the transition to concert definitely sucks. But what really sucks is getting out of rehearsal at 9pm and then remembering that you have a few hours of homework."
"Glorious mother russia is obviously a Christian place Worse still, holding Vladimir Putin up as a defender of the faith. Someone's pants are on their head."
Right. Or Canon.
"Wasn't going to upvote, but he has autism! My friend's son with autism makes airplanes to scale out of cardboard. Here is his WestJet Boeing 737-700!"
I still like eight year old girls In what ways are you the same as your childhood self?
"They could just compensate for all the European players that will leave with new, fresh talent from the Commonwealth! So the PL will become kinda shit then?"
"Plus I don't think they'd allow fan owned teams in the nhl Apples to oranges there. For one, you're assuming that the ownership would agree to relocate. Or sell. Been done before, but you'd have to figure this one out. They have no need/motivation to relocate. You're also discounting the sphere of influence. WPG's metro area might only have 750k people but their sphere of influence is likely to include all of Manitoba, and parts of Saskatchewan and Ontario in the Hockey Nation. Milwaukee is already full of Wild and Hawks fans and their influence extends (at best) to the MN and IL borders."
"It's totally pointless, nobody asks that question every week after all. Cheers. You would think they would include that information in the message, wouldn't you? *hintedy hint hint*"
"*That* sounds like a solution to the competitiveness problem that French businesses have been having. France might pass a law that makes it illegal to send after-hours work emails: It's similar to legislation that was introduced but never made it to the books in both France and Germany. France's most recent bill, however, is the closest an after-work email ban has come to becoming an actual law."
"But I thought we were the country of checks and balances Yup, and you know why it'll never get fixed? Because the guys who can fix it are the same ones that benefit from it."
"Finally, someone having the guts to speak their mind about an opposing party. What is the Democratic Party Good For? Absolutely Nothing"
"You forgot to say: ""I am the grand avenger and you shall worship me as though I were a god"" This Savage was bullying the server for too long; me and my Frogger had to stand up against it."
"It's on reddit, of course it's set up It's set up"
"Yes, because Americans have been so nice throughout history The Nazi's weren't very nice people, but damnit if they didn't have style!"
Yep obviously they just went missing and she had no idea She didn't delete any emails. She handed everything over to a third party and instructed them to separate personal from business emails without input from her
"Yeah, I feel soooooo sorry for the little shit getting a few boots to the ass Are you people fucking crazy? This is not ok. Yeah sure he's a little shit, but is this really something you would tolerate if it happened while you were there?"
"Gotta stuff Christian heaven with souls somehow. Pro life ends after you're born. Out of the womb, ready for the tomb."
I bet he's *super* cool and totally accepts people who are different. Sounds like a fun and open minded person
That sounds like socialism! Rand Paul Restores Vision to Lady for Free | 38th Free Eye Surgery
But how the job creators be able to create jobs when wages are so high? DC approves $15-an-hour minimum wage
You just dont understand what its like to be a woman in america really does appear that way. it seems odd to me that someone with as much wealth and fame as she has would have testified in his favor even once if the allegations were true.
"He didn't build roads, so his totalitarian police state is actually a libertarian paradise. The Totalitarian Buddhist Who Beat Sim City"
"Well damn dude, that's why, it's worth tons of money... Black labels."
"Just like how religious extremists have made me despise Muslims and gangbangers have made me despise blacks and Latinos... Yeah, that'll show them! It's shit like this that makes me despise the stoner culture..."
He's a le hilarious trololo Wtf is this?
"Now listen, the only person who wouldn't be for a law requiring all vehicles to have a breathalyzer installed at all times, is someone who has something to hide and has been drinking. ""Breathalyzer refusal may end in charges if law passes"". Florida lawmaker wants to make it a misdemeanor to refuse a breathalyzer FST. Citizen interviewed in the video will enrage most people here."
"they changed the setting from a school to a golf course, but yeah totally different movies. They're the same comedy style but the plots are completely different"
hmm... so according to gov logic...shouldnt that medal belong in the non malay category? First Olympic Medal! Pandelela-Jun Hoong with silver medal in diving.
"Because obviously the government will keep the backdoor safe Yeah, how people are not understanding that a back door for the gov is a back door for everyone is beyond me."
Can't wait to open this in my 40 dollar draft! Swans of Bryn Argol
"You found your match brah, congrats Sadly this profile is the first one where I meet the woman's criteria."
Is this what it's like to live in Europe now? Leopard goes to the wrong watering hole...
"Well this is a shocker Woj: Dwight Howard's agent, Dan Fegan tells Y! Sports: ""Dwight has not finalized his decision."""
Plzzzzz 343 That would be great.
"Just another Utopian day in gun-free New York! oh god this is terrifying, that poor woman. She spent years helping homeless people and died in her 30s and left behind two kids? Not before being sexually assaulted....this angers me so much. people say that this was a mental health issue...I mean really ya think?? I think this was more so an issue of that woman not being armed. I think in America especially we are seeing more and more people suffering and trapped in a terrible cycle, sure. But my god people need to be trained in self defense and be stealthily armed."
Right after SL 2 Gas Leak Location - Coming 2017
wow you should be a mod :p literally wrote the same
They must have been storing jet fuel in that crane. Crane collapses after catching fire at construction site on St Kilda Road in Melbourne
"Keep your petty logic to yourself! You do realize that there are multiple parts to the dev team, right? The people who make the dossiers ARE not the same people who work on the game itself. This dossier does nothing to stop progress."
You guys are so closed-minded about open relationships. Sounds reasonable. Shouldn't be still dating if you're married.
"LS swap it My first datsun, a little 1000"
you forgot to add No. Those two are the reason children are growing up in a violent society. If they were to come on we should all ask them to stop making South Park so that children can grow up with good Christian morals. Shame on you reddit for supporting this show.
Such 'dark' speeches. Christ the DNC speakers sound bitter and angry Nasty people
"Order up :) Now taking daily order suggestions for tomorrow's lunches! FREE FOOOOOOD. WHATTTT. (Now I'm kinda wondering how this is going to not wipe us out of food but hey, I don't have to worry about that, I'm just a barista). AND A PAY INCREASE. IS THIS REAL"
Because programming is *hard*. Why can't all online web comics incorporate these into their browsing?
"Oh, I didn't realized she'd already been sentenced. So the girl shoots and kills a man and gets off scot-free (might as well have). That is some serious BS."
"YOU'RE TRIGGERING ME OH MY GOD I hate when people say ""Dont be sad about your scars. You're strong. They're beautiful"". They're not. They will always be there. Its not beautiful. I'm sorry, but thats just how it is in my opinion."
"But they don't blow people up, so its okay The ultracon Mennonites do have a sexual assult problem, tho."
"It's cool, I drive way better when I'm drunk. Obviously an emergency situation does not necessitate the formalities of gun safety. But gun safety in general does require one to be at at their highest level of awareness and ability to reason. If I said, ""I'm capable of handling all my vehicles at various stages of intoxication"" I think it's reasonable for people to think I'm a toolbag and call me on it."
this is why I don't go out with people that went to Cornell They don't want to mate with inferior stock.
"Yo I'm sicker than hospital lines and I'll put you in the ER, now I'm calling it time! Whos bored?... Spit them bars. ""Hospital Bars, BITCH!"" but for fuck sakes, no putting anyone ""in da E.R."" bars. unless its surprising...and in that case, bonus points."
"Yes, a 54% approval rating of Obama will be what prevents Trump from being elected. Obama's approval rating is near its highest point ever, and that could be a big problem for Donald Trump."
Why aren't God-botherers picketing Wal-Mart? Not everywhere has it behind the counter anymore. Like walmart.
"Sorry, I forgot the There is obviously more to it than just that"
"Yeah but has hasn't defended yet, so he's not even a real champion, the bum hasn't earned a single belt As sure as night follows day the begrudgers are already talking Alvarez down as some sort of nobody and saying Conor beating him isn't impressive. Fucksakes, it's the same after every fight."
"Who is Joe Biden? Joe Biden says Russia must fulfil Ukraine peace deal, hand back Crimea"
Wow so fucking funny.. My favorite video game
We don't speak Hindi down here! behatareen jawab
"Yeah, insulting the Nazis is serious business in Alabama ^^^ Naw, they're lumping protestants in with Nazis? That shit wouldn't fly here, people would get mad for you using those two words in the same sentence."
"Yeah baldness is extremely attractive in women You think she's creepy because of what? Her baldness? If so, go screw yourself."
You're a bloody traitor you kilt sniffing cunt! English here.. bloody love Irn Bru. But then again.. I love Scotland and everything about it. I think I should have been born Scottish.
She sounds like fun person to have at parties. What?!
Another case of police brutality against his opponent HMB while I bust some moves at this Family picnic
"Clearly its the concussions, takes away inhibition ""21 of 21 white NFL players plan to vote for Trump."" So much for people being afraid to admit they support Trump."
"Yeah, MIUI's camera UI isn't that great. Petition to add anime to the list of heretical media."
"I LOOOOVE PLAYING ON OLD HARDWARE! So striving for the best isn't being passionate, but accepting downgraded games on outdated hardware *is*?"
The union clearly thinks they should go back to tokens! It's because she didn't know how to use the MetroCard Kappa ;)
"Or she could do a top rope splash and call it the Bayley Flop If she really wants that Belly/Bayley pun, she could use a Bayley-to-Back. I'd buy a well done Belly-to-Back, especially with bridge, as a finish"
"The mistake he made was getting near cops. I know, I know. Do we really need to see another video of the police beating the shit out of an innocent person? How about if the person was skipping with joy at the time?"
Helo rush. This Deserves Way More Views
Talk about clickbait! RT Life: Barbara Gets Dressed is up for sponsors
damn u eletist douchbag And theres the fact its locked at 60. Sounds elitist but I bought a 144hz monitor for a reason.
Can MSU get a separate petition started to make you keep him? Student petition to relieve Dave Brandon of his duties as Athletic Director at the University of Michigan
"Whelp, looks like FO4 is now the single worst video game ever made in the history of ever, and everyone will cancel their pre-orders, all because the game won't have mod support at launch Fallout won't support mods on launch"
"Ugh, what do you think you're doing, taking care of the lives God has entrusted you with I was too busy taking care of my 3 kids."
"Typical sellout artists Haha, Enrique Iglesias is a singer. Gabriel Iglesias is the comedian. He has lost a lot of weight because after he got diabetes his doctor was like ""hey bud you're going to die, and soon"". He's still a big fella though."
BallerHorn? Got BH yesterday! :)
"50% WR so his strategy seems to be working ok =P Okay so basically he joins the game in a BB, autopilots to the far corner of the map and then towards the center. He barely shoots and dies. Sometimes he gets torpedoed on the way. He has ruined 4 ranked matches in a row. Look at his stats."
"Amateur-level gatekeeping, doesn't mention the classic series. Dr Who gatekeeping, now with extra jpg"
Yeah that new Encore really lights my fire. Buick has been kicking Lincoln's ass for years. Not that Lincoln set the bar very high.
"It's okay poesie, he said we could be honest. what in the everloving fuck."
"I usually add the ""end sarcasm tag"" Yes. I obviously need to find the sarcasm font on reddit... Too often my posts like these are misconstrued as my real opinions. I mean, the article is from CRACKED for crying out loud."
"I'm talking about when they took that great pilot, The Cage, and ruined it by replacing Pike with that idiot Kirk, and they ruined Spock by toning him down so he rarely shouts orders and information like a real Vulcan would. Are you talking about JJTrek ruining Star Trek, Enterprise ruining Star Trek, Voyager ruining Star Trek, DS9 ruining Star Trek, TNG ruining Star Trek...?"
Polls are lies and Clinton's cronies control the voting booths I have seen his supporters say he is going to win California. The delusion these people have is off the charts.
"Unfortunately the Aventador has become a secretary's car and the LaFerrari is for 12 year olds You do realize that Ferrari, Mclaren and Lamborghini don't even offer manual transmissions anymore? So are those cars only for women and teenagers? If you want a car with an automatic, there isn't anything wrong with that."
What a well thought response that addresses the issue and provides a strongly constructed argument to defend one side of the topic. oh grow up. the community on this sub would be a billion times better if it wasn't used as a rant/whine fest. go get a fucking livejournal.
Can you stack 18350s with this? Plume Veil Atomizer by AceRig on its way! Coming early next week!
This is great news for windows phone users. Nope. Call of duty app is here to stay. Unfortunately.
Um shut up It probably *is* pretty hard to argue bullshit.
"Please you know it will give -20% armor amounts for at least 3 patches till they fix it. +20% armor from new set will increase armor value rather than mitigation by 20% Anyone who's planning to run 2 piece of that new Juggernaut's set in 1.2 and lower armor for 55% mitigation to reach 75% with it or hope to get 95% mitigation (I see many comments about it recently) will be disappointed. This set bonus will most likely work like Robust talent on chest piece - increase armor by 46% while in cover. It will increase armor value by 20%, not weapon damage mitigation which will be capped at 75%. It seems the new cap will be 5354 for 75% mitigation so with 2 piece bonus for +20% armor you'd still need to have 4462 armor value while the current 65% cap requires 4640 armor. Just to give you an idea before you get too excited and start re-rolling armor on gear for crit damage or other bonuses."
"you're right, ""this case is too high profile, it's hurting our image... better kill the prosecutor"" sound muuuch more likely All this hard work and evidence collecting is really going to pay off and help end some political cover ups and corruption tomorrow. Fuck it, I'll just shoot myself."
"But they were placed in power by the law of consent! And yet that's ALL they have, titles. They're nobodies."
"Yeah poor el chapo Yeah, corruption. That's why they abolished the death penalty. *Not because it's morally indefensible and inhuman*."
"Yeah but he hasn't scored 4 goals in a game since game 1, total bust And to think, 2 days older and we could have had that scrub mathews kid."
Confirmed that Mormon Mommies cannot become professional photographers. Actual questions on a quiz for photography high school class in SLC.
But he apologized in a letter via twitter....that has to count for something right? LSU contacts league office over stomp by Miss. St.'s Day
"THIS IS A MOVIES THREAD, DONT PUT YOUR PRETTY MUCH MOVIE IN TV FORM SHIT IN HERE. Not a film but GoT"
"Yeah, refugees totally have the money avaiable Geesh. Just get a VPN and/or proxy and call it a day."
That's what all of those **greedy whores** are doing! Fucking Chad.
Heat Wave Best specialist What is you guys strongest specialist item. The reapers gun(I forgot what it's called) is my favorite and the grenade launcher one is great too. Is there anything better.
And NA! And Poland!
"Yeah, an ex-KGB thug would be a good choice. If it wasn't for the anti gay laws in Russia, I would vote Putin as president."
"But but... Hillary = Hitler because emaliz, duh Imagine him winning the election, no other world leader could trust the president of the United States anymore to not immediately lie about what was said in private. Not spinning, not interpreting, just flat out lying. How would diplomacy even work then?"
"7 speed automatic is the future, those millisecond shift times makes a huge difference! Next step: 4-speed transmission. I believe in you."
"OPs thought process ""OMG people tipped me a lot for being able to see my cleavage, that is so odd, no guy would ever do that, totally WTF"" I mean, if you want attention, that's cool and everything. Obviously, you're getting it. I just don't get why you would post to WTF."
"Humans had it coming by wearing sexy wetsuits Ironically, dolphins are one of the only animals known to aggressively rape humans."
"Last year cops stole more money than criminals by seizing it, but on this I'm sure they'll play it straight. This year in the United States there was $25B dollars in Credit Card Fraud. Are cops not supposed to stop theft?"
"Everyone already knows they're doing it so that when Obama declares martial law, postponing the election indefinitely, it will seem like a relief. That the Republican candidates are making themselves look as awful as possible so that the public takes right-wing conservatism less seriously and thinks more progressively."
"So the answer here is to also send the website what type of screen you're viewing their page on. Darkening the colors on an LCD screen doesn't affect power consumption. Darkening the LCD _backlight_ does reduce power consumption, however. Darkening the colors on an OLED or CRT screen also do reduce power consumption."
"If you just lower taxes people would have all the money they need for those things So all those 'socialist Europeans' are able to prosper and climb the wealth ladder better than Americans? Gee, really? Maybe because they don't come out of college owing $70,000? Or because if they get in a car accident, or have some type of disease (or someone in their immediate family does) it doesn't wipe out the family's life savings? Or maybe because if someone wants to quit working to have a baby, or look after their kids, or find a better job, or start their own business, they don't have to worry about losing their health insurance, or getting screwed by the state with a safety net that leaves you barely able to feed yourself. Or maybe it's because they have strong unions that provide decent wages and working conditions? You know - All the things that your political party is against? But let me guess - you are a compassionate conservative, right?"
"That's weird that it calls a random contact, it would make more sense for it to just dial your wife. Pick up and ring the operator to connect you to the number you are trying to reach. It's really amazing how far we've come. Now I just tell Siri to call my wife and it immediately dials someone random from my contacts."
"So that's our problem we should change our strip and crest Going on the recent pattern in the England league, next year will be won by a team in blue. Bad luck Cardiff."
"Oh, she only went to St Hugh's, she's no big deal TIL that Ruth Lawrence, a child prodigy, passed the Oxford University maths exam at age 10, coming first out of all 530 candidates, she then completed the degree a year early by age 13."
"O thank God, I was worried the Chiefs would be without their number one receiving threat... Dwayne Bowe to play vs Colts"
"Yeah, fuck them for giving out free pizza! Same here. Screw Dominos."
"I feel your pain OP, the game is literally unplayable without a snowflake mount... Winter Veil Bundles - ridiculous prices I own all heroes from Classic bundle and the price is 30.08 euros I own all heroes from the new bundle and the price is 22.47 euros I was bitter whn I said that both bundles would cost 40+ euros. But now I'm really shattered it is actually 50+ To be honest I was hoping for bigger discount. I bet it is Arthas's fault."
"Because you need more than 16 champs to be competitive. Basically, you're going to have to buy a LoL acc on ebay unless you want to spend over 4 years (someone calculated how much time needed to unlock all champs) unlocking champs to be able to play competitive."
I guess all guitar licks aren't impressive because we all had friends that could play 3 chords in 4/4. I'm not impressed by the off the wall bs. I had multiple teammates in high school that could throw the ball off the wall and dunk it.
But guys everyone watches Hockey Central The NHL is live streaming TSN's TradeCentre for those in the USA.
"You forgot the Hey! Just saying, Alicia Keys has talent and technique - unlike The ""I can't read music or know theory but I can make sound so I'm gifted"" Beatles. There's a reason Julliard studies jazz - where R&amp;B is born from - and not rock..."
They sure did help President Romney. All those yard signs did not help Bernie win Florida.
"Send him home... Rio Olympics 2016: Mo Farah makes history by winning 10,000m gold"
"Seems like a good measured response. Hungary proposes ""temporary"" totalitarianism during high terrorist danger levels - anti-terrorist package proposed by cabinet includes altering constitution, army on streets, surveillance of any suspect, ISP record-keeping and forced decryption, absolute eminent domain rights, closed borders."
"Just use a particular site which name begins with d2. The precious ""player interaction"""
"You forgot to add I watched the game, only one goal was tendentious, the rest of the game was Lyon destroying Zagreb. Made me think of Bayern 6 - 1 Lille, we just couldn't do anything. Totally legit game to me !"
"""white notifications"" It's so awesome, nobody wants original (black notifications) back... What's your favourite new feature of version 4.00 so far?"
"At least he should told you what you exactly said c. On the other side, their mods knows about us Banned from r/leagueoflegends can I get some consensus on what ""brigading"" actually is?"
"I'm sure that the ONLY reason was because you had silenced players.... Hm, true. I had nice sequence of ""every game have one silenced"" and lost 3 ranks ONLY due that. Not that I mind much, I lost much more over my whole ""career"", but still its annoying and if they were not there, we would probably have decent games."
"But you aren't communicating how I want you to communicate! Guys often communicate that way, FYI."
"nail salon, can't have enough nail salons They always end up being a bank or a cellphone store"
Can they just display a student's personal identification? My friend works in administration at a university. He says they're going to frame this one in the office.
"Nope, you have male privilage, therefore unrapeable. If my wife pressures me to have sex after I've worked all day and I give in even though I'm not really in the mood, is that rape?"
I'm sure Bernie is happy to be associated with this crass moron. I noticed a lot of New Democrats are Sanders supporters
Well fast tracking the TPP should help create more opportunities for Americans in general Obama's words on Baltimore need to be heard in their entirety and in context. He said some very profound and honest things
"Helps if you're controlling the computer with a controller. Exactly, you can have it on your 2nd monitor before the page loads. Really don't understand why anyone would need this."
"Yeah, *literally* unfuckable. Right boob is kind of wonky."
"Yeah, I'm sure you would've been a real action hero in that situation, damn these people for not reacting well under stress. They'd rather look cool than hustle, even when their life is in danger."
"And now we finally have evidence that porn kills! Detroit motorist watching porn on phone crashes, dies"
come on Mike Milbury and Pierre McGuire best 1-2 punch I hope you're joking.
"Because we *all* know that anything that has Lindsey Lohan on it will automatically sell. ""The court alleged that even if the fictitious characters were based on Lohan and Gravano, a video game is a work of fiction and thus falls outside the statutory definitions of ""advertising"" or ""trade"" so the plaintiffs' complaints that their likeness was used to sell a product didn't hold up."""
"Please please give us the option to mute voicepacks.. Please Please give us the option to mute announcer packs I for one personally really dislike two of the players that are on announcer packs. When they commentate, its easy to avoid - I just don't watch those days. But with the announcer packs, I have no ability to choose not to hear them. I'm simply constantly reminded and unable to escape from personalities I actively want to avoid in this game. Please please please give us an option to mute the alternative announcers. I'm just stuck playing on smurfs and I would like to play on my main without being aggravated"
I guess this team can scrap by with McDaniels as OC then? Gronk with Belichick bonus Josh
"I'm sure he runs into quite a lot of ""selfish"" women Such fine gentlemen on tinder."
They shouldn't need encryption if they have nothing to hide. Mandate that all US government emails be securely signed and inter-government emails be encrypted.
"Yeah, but it's not like cops deal with gun violence regularly or anything, so what do they know? Survey of 15,000 Law Enforcement Professionals about U.S. Gun Control Policies"
don't big box staples mills and hungary spring road. Kroger Market Place and other stores.(Staples Mills and Hungary Springs road) Does Anyone know what other stores will be going into this shopping center? Besides having Kroger and the gas station...(which is great because Wawa is a PITA to get to when going East bound]..Another nice gym would be great.
Can't pwn those damn libertarians without pissing on Rand Bonus ayn rand appearance
"Eh, 7/10, not bad but possibly a bit self righteous. 21 AM I HAWT!? This reddit is ridiculous. Being ""sexy"" is all subjective to the person. I am a psychology major. Yes, it is proven that attractiveness yields advantages in society, such as people thinking you have better personality and qualities without even knowing the person. There's nothing you can really do to change how your face looks. Being ""sexy"" is how symmetrical the face is and how the muscles in your face give off unconscious signals to others. Some signals may say that you are nervous and timid, while biology and evolution have made us humans find the optimal reproductive partner. Essentially, over time humans followed the rule of natural selection. Humans needed a strong bold person to have the best chance of survival. But now that we don't have to fight for food or survival, those traits we find attractive may not be relevant anymore... but that's just still how were wired. Basically, don't worry whether you are sexy or not, because you are. Don't let anyone tell you you're not, because that's bullshit."
"costs extra to import digital downloads Mate, almost every game in Australia is fucking expensive, like, shit, have you fucking seen DOOM?! 110 dollars, what in the living cuntflaps :/"
how *terrible*! i'm going to guess paid vacations.
"no waaaaaaaayy, i totally didnt see that commmmiiinnnggggg. Watch Dogs Requires Uplay on PC"
"Splatoon is 3 dimensional and mario maker is only 2 dimensional, so there! I like Mario Maker better than Splatoon. Splatoon is very one-dimensional to me and I can't see why it gets the credit it receives. I think people want a Wii shooter so much that they'll take anything they get and praise it to high heaven."
That brother protecting Jon with the beard and long hair is definitely Benjen New Teaser shown on Conan. Expands upon scene from end of S6 trailer
"Haha - I love that the heroin one has a skull in the room - cause you know, heroin addicts are obviously evil right? The ""Fuck off Jesus"" album"
"Yes, they must be bitcoin mining your PC while the game patches. Nope, only thing shady is CA's patching process. ;)"
Try zooming in more oh i think i saw this the other day. i unboxed my new pc undocked from jita 4-4 and the whole screen went a strange shade of green. i thought my new PC was fucked for a few moments...
This is the true crime here. Also not a single hit where he isn't wearing a Bruins jersey
"The environment is just a wedge issue like reproductive rights and LGBT rights. Hashtag BernieOrBust, am I right, kids? Who cares about the enviornment when I didn't get my free college."
"Ok maybe some fine ""ethical"" citizens can brigade him and his new company into acting like decent people Considering he sold his last company for $400M+ going personally bankrupt seems unlikely."
"So far it's gone *terribly* for Kotaku Yep, I fully support GG boycotts.You know why, because they don't work."
"Hey now we can't be too entitled, how about we just push the car. So all they need then is some petrol."
Womyn need to weight at least 130 pounds to be real womyn! All women are real women.
"Yes, because this is the way a couple needs to work out their differences. Me. Just keep ignoring her, spend more time out the house having fun with your friends. Then when she goes of about you not spending enough time with her, explain that you don't want a woman like her in your life that belittles you."
"But let's get upset about something that happened 150 years ago because social injustice man As a nation, we've overcome so much to be still pissed about stuff that happened in the 1860's. I understand the frustrations of people who cling to this history-but as a collective nation we have done so much more than this."
"oh ok then that totally erases the problem of trump being a slimebag rapist It doesn't excuse it. What he said was pretty obscene and isn't really befitting of someone running for President. The problem with Bill &amp; Hillary is that a lot of her accomplishments which she claims were from her partnership with Bill, e.g. Governor's Wife, First Lady. A lot of her actions and achievements from back then were obviously highly influenced by Bill, so his manner matters as well here."
I love that this back bencher is constantly in the news. Tony Abbott would have 'considered' sending special forces to fight Islamic State in Iraq
"Hey man, at least you got a charzard! I'm in Sydney Australia and every time I get close to a Pokemon the severs crash. So frustrating."
"""It's better for me"" Well, you wouldn't want to inconvenience this creep now, right OP? I'm pretty sure I stated that I didn't want to kik with him..."
my favorite source Fukushima Bird Die-Offs: This one just posted on Facebook - thoughts?
"How else could you read that? all of which is interesting, as supposedly some white supremacists groups also use LOTR as indoctrination: the Orcs are the *evil blacks* coming to rape and pillage, and it's up to the *good white* people to stop them."
"Probably should have used Yeah, he's not talking about the bat signal bud. That's one of the oldest and most iconic superhero symbols across both Marvel and DC"
Just a matter of time before they find the fully intact IDs of the suicide bombers Brussels Airport Explosions
"If I want news I go to an unbiased source, Itar Tass from Russia comes to mind or Xinhua from China. A Fox News poll released Wednesday finds that by a 50-31 percent margin, voters think enemy combatants held at Guantanamo Bay get better health care than veterans."
"TDK Piglet incoming Not wanting to be harsh to him, but he is so far from his S3 level that i dont think it would work. He really has to find extremely great and free SoloQ god in Korea + good coaching staff to make it happend."
"Go away, you're being reworked It would be nice if her kit had anything whatsoever to do with night. ;)"
ye.. sounds like a GREAT build No? The first time you attack them they don't have any extra resistances. The idea is that you one-hit them with the initial hit plus the burn. For boss single target you would rotate frost nova that applies burning and flame surge to benefit from that.
"Like another certain time traveler who bends the rules to help others, no not at all. If Rip Hunter isn't his real name, do you think his real name will be an important plotpoint? Who am I kidding, his real name is clearly Jay Garrick."
Totally unrelated to Iranian nuclear deal which is very good and only Israel is bitching about it Report: Saudis may purchase Pakistani atomic bomb
"Great argument, you've completely swayed my opinion no, there isn't"
"Oh wow, I had no idea! Incognito mode was developed by someone wanting to hide their porn browsing history."
"Yeah, let's ignore any and all bad things we've done, along with their lasting impacts. We should quit looking for apologizes and move forward."
Ah so that's how those Chinese frames cut costs thanks mr. materials scientist
Well it IS russia.... the fact they even have firemen surprises me Did it really take the Fire Department more than 5 minutes to respond to a fucking gas station blowing up in the middle of a city? Not to mention the minutes before where an obvious dangerous gas is coming out around a gas station.
"bloody unions I tell you It's funny that whilst this is happening, there's a big protest outside of the conservative party conference in Manchester. Some eggs were thrown and they were chanting ""scum"", and the conservative columnists were making out like it was a lynch mob. They should look at this for comparison..."
The moon landing. What is something most think is real but is really fake?
yeah but women can't cut down trees Playing as a female? Is there anyway for us girls to actually play as the mom of Timmy? We want to save him too!
"Did you change the page using ""Inspect Element""? Nothing wrong with these prices."
"Oh no but we have Quick, so much better Can we all just take a minute to appreciate that us poor souls here in Belgium, we don't have Taco Bell? #thirdworldcountry"
Obviously it's gay Is either one of those hard to believe or something?
"Come on Nevill, you have his spot, no need to rub it in. Explosive device found outside Sydney property owned by wicketkeeper Brad Haddin"
"Sure I don't mind doing some shadow puppets! oh man, how could i say no to this?"
Which is why the Ugandans *hate* the white American Fundie missionaries who are pushing for the death penalty for homosexuality in their country. Everyone knows Kony only kidnapped the privileged white shitlords that don't belong in Africa
Everyone else on the Perds sucks Why does it have to be Weber?
Something something Mars What's tomorrow? Am I out of the loop?
And it can transmit data without a network connection too It can? Did you take yours apart? Or perhaps you have a source that it can run without an external power source?
"Now I want my R9 280 to somehow fail so I can get a better gpu back, Sent MSI my 280X - Received a 390X back"
"Yes, because Ukraine was doing just swell under the pro-Western, non-corrupt Yushenko and Tymoshenko. As does Russian influence."
speccy Noob question incoming but i was wondering how you check the temp :P pls dont downvote this
Or a voice recorder! Not alone! Never alone! Always have a second person!
Such a cruel way to grow... For those that have never seen them.
And people deserve to be burgled because they have nice stuff. MRW a bunch of assholes on my facebook are saying that a girl from school deserved to get sexually harassed because she was wearing short shorts.
"I'm sure Rocket will just drop everything and deviate from the roadmap that the huge team of devs has laid out as the best way to move forward just so he can address your pet peeves. Hey, i really like where DayZ is heading but do me a favor will ya? Please do something about the nights the lighting at nights. I litterally can't see anything. It's a pain in the ass. At least make it so you can follow a road if its dark. The only things I can see Ingame are Stars and shapes of trees infront of the sky. I can't play like thats its horrible. And if not that then please configure the running/walking animation with the flashlight so he's actually using it like a human would ( lighting infront of him) not like an stupid pile of **** waving it all around"
"That's what Obama wants you to think, so America brands all of its patriots as crazy racists Bro I'm sorry to say this but your mum is crazy."
And it prohibits you from using proper sentence structure. TIL Smoking pot will reduce climate change and stop deforestation.
I'm glad the basketball expert in Jay Z shared his opinions on the Phil Jackson drama.. very insightful and he seems very knowledgeable on the topic.. LeBron James - SI Sportsperson Of The Year Ceremony 2016 (starts at 28:10)
Well Big Bang Theory is *literally* nerd blackface. Yes because as we all know there were shows about white people where black men would dress up like them and act out racists carictures.
Because you should always trust the brand name to give you honesty info about the generic version Corn Ear Injury Risk with Off-Label Glyphosate Applications
"It's alright, no-one can reach 60 fps anyway capped at 60fps is NEUTRAL!!!??!?!"
They have privilege so yes. Did someone actually post that? Is this okay?
"You just gotta add ""from bears"" to the end and it's all kosher. Just get a cheapo 870 or 500 series shotgun. also ""Home defense""."
"Simple, increase the number of people thus decreasing the carbon footprint per person Overpopulation isn't an issue because we could in theory accommodate the number of people we are dealing with now and more, of course not in practice or in any foreseeable future, but considering the growth factor perhaps we will be ready to care for the current number at the point where the number is unmanageable. But god forbid suggesting any type of population control cause again, ""in theory"", that is not the problem at all. Let's just ignore the ecological and carbon footprint per person and other environmental issues, quality of life, employment and any other overpopulation related issues. In theory we should be able to fit, right, so don't dare to stop some breeder from having their fifth kid because it's an important human right or some shit."
"The Russians will no doubt respond with restraint if history is any indication... Russian ambassador assassinated, shooter yelling ""God is great"" Just saw this one the news. When will people realize these kinds of attacks are happening because people believe ""God"" wants them to wage war on non-believers? Not just atheists though, people that don't believe their particular brand of crazy."
"What you don't realize is that 0bummber hasn't done those things BECAUSE of the pressure of the proud patriots EXPOSING his secret plans. For fuck's sake, he's got a little over a year left of his two-term presidency, what sense does it make to be asking ""what can we do to end this before it's too late?"" NOW? He's had 7 years to do whatever Machiavellian shit you imagine he's up to. Never mind the fact that they're *still* trying to push this narrative after 7 years is mind boggling."
"Patrick Kane beat me up over a $20 cab fare. Taxi drivers, what's the scariest/funniest/weirdest thing that's happened in your taxi?"
"We're so missing out You poor non-Americans, not only do we feast today but last night was the busiest bar night of the year and tomorrow morning we are going to kill 1000 of our own to get a good deal on a tv."
There's something to be said for consistency. Which puts it right up there with every other major UN ruling. The UN is a useless organization that is completely inept accomplishing ANYTHING.
"Yea, it's spelled ""HiLIARy"", duh. I seriously doubt your ability to read when you can't even spell ""Hillary"" properly."
It's good that they're getting the exercise! I've literally been more entertained by drying paint.
"Sorry, you are the overpaid consultant and should be able to figure this stuff out by yourself. Consultants are psychic, didn't you know? I'm working on a WinXP to Win7 migration project, and we have some very finicky CAD software as part of our image. As a consultant, I have zero environmental knowledge of how the program is implemented here, but the in-house techs have walked me through it all. Or, at least, they thought they did. The program requires some custom-set environment variables--why it can't run a script to query the user for this information at the end of the installation is beyond me--and they forgot to tell me about one of them. It really isn't a big deal, but tell that to the managers. They asked that we quality check each machine before deployment, but every time I've asked an actual member of the design department to come and show me whether or not there are any issues, I've been stonewalled. ""I'm too busy right now,"" or, ""I'm sure the IT department can tell you everything,"" or, ""It looks good to me from across the room."" So, we pushed out the first batch, and when I get in this morning, I can visibly see the rising blood pressure of the in-house techs, and the design manager is complaining that ""Nobody quality checked this shit."" When I finally got them to show me what was wrong, I learned that the design department actually had a checklist for making sure their systems were setup properly. The same checklist I asked for when I was badgering all the managers for added info on the deployment. The checklist which would have told me that they needed a Java application approved as a ""safe"" program, what user settings I needed to verify, and so forth. Once we set the environment variable nobody'd told me about, suddenly the users were seeing their styles and printers, and all was happy and wonderful. But seriously now, if you're going to track down and send me the out-of-date seating chart with everybody's AD credentials, can't you send me your checklist, too?"
"We Americans stand strong against the caustic barbs of pan-European intrusiveness, our might will supplement an undeniable triumph. US police arrests more European journalists who are reporting about the racial violence in Missouri"
Hey no one forced you to work at Hobby Lobby MFW I find out my new insurance doesn't cover my birth control.
your kind is not allowed to comment here I have no fps problems or crashing issues with a GTX 660 and an SSD. Usually a stable 144+ fps.
That's a terrible picture I can barely tell if that's Kanye! MF Doom and Kanye West
"Oh boy, I loved what they did with Tower Heist... Netflix Adds Eddie Murphy To Roster For Mockumentary from Brett Ratner"
"yes, we should get rid of the minimum wage as well so we can compete with undeveloped countries , oh and labor laws, they just slow things down and the union, don't even get me started. It's time for those jobs to go. With labor that cost 3/4 vs the stats , health care included, low dollar and access to raw material and you still can't compete. Yes it's time for those people to find new jobs."
"You jail broke it, your such a horrible person. Well this is fun..."
Apparently not! Hey but on the bright side they broke up right!
But he was a man of peace! She seems sad. Maybe because he used to beat her.
All we need now is for Unidan to come along and tell us that this is in fact a jackdaw and not a crow. Came home to find my dad drying a crow with a hairdryer. I wish I was surprised at this.
"[This is followed closely by ""What does the source button do"", since apparently nobody thought to use that to see the markup people use for it.] Apparently its ""how do you make a spoiler tag?"""
"Oh sure, don't most people have a spare car or two lying around? it's Congenital Heart Defect. yes. like seriously asked if any families that had two or more cars could let her borrow one indefinitely until they could afford another which would obviously take forever since only the dad was working at a factory."
"Lol, you sure won this argument Exactly what I mean kid. Run along now."
"And the most deregulationtastic part of all of it was that when the time came to pay the piper, all those bankers didn't get a bailout from the government to protect them. It is pretty hard to argue that deregulation didn't at least contribute to the meltdown. Deregulation allowed the seller of bonds to pay the rating agencies to rate their bonds. Result: Mortgage based securities were rated as high quality bonds when they were really junk. Lenders were able to make risky loans because they could simply sell the risk (and pay to have it rated higher)."
"I was waiting for a verbal 1 of our top three lines playing, our top defenseman not playing. ""BOY THIS DEVILS TEAM ON PAPER WAS SUPER STRONG, I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE A CHALLENGE"""
"Yep, that's totally typical of the types of human detritus who inhabit apartment buildings. I'm not surprised. We lived in large high rise near the CBD. Our neighbours, a big fat chick and her skinny BF were constantly fighting. One day he asked her if she wanted to come with him to some person's house (I forget the name). She replied: ""Why would I want to go there with you for? All you do is sniff glue and pick on people."" Yeah, I never wanted to bump into them either."
"She forgot the log in info for her aol email account and has to be at the home computer to access email... She said at the beginning that she did them on TurboTax. So everything about going home is a straight up lie. Unless home is the only place in America where they can access the internet. Halperin should have pressed it. Please, for the love of God, would somebody press Bernie Sanders on his BS?"
"Inderdaad, volgende keer graag het hele artikel in de titel plaatsen Je titel is tendentieus. Ik denk dat HypToniZe daar wel een punt heeft."
"Yeah Rust was pretty bad with Malkin in the playoffs I'm just tryin' to get sprong over here. Seriously though, it would be nice to see a sniper on Geno's wing. No one has played well with 71 since Neal."
"Exactly...because having more than three people in a home presents the exact same fire hazard and potential for nuisance to neighbors as 49 people in a home. It reminds me of the Soviet Union, they had there a similar law too. Any ganthering with more than 3 non close family members had to be announced to the authorities, this was one of their tools to prevent conspiracies against the system."
"Shhh dont bash the Falcons at least they do it legally. It's funny because everyone is pissed that the deal went down behind closed doors and outside of the standard processes. So Cobb residents are paying for the stadium and that pisses people off. YET, it's going to bring a solid source of revenue into that area that IMO was lacking when it was all office buildings there. Also, everyone fails to mention that the stadium is on schedule and on pace with their proposed budget. As compared to the Mercedes-Benz Stadium which at this point is $600M over budget....I get that it's Blank's money and tourism tax going to that one, but there should be more outrage that they came in with 1 budget, and needed a $600M overage..."
nigga bout to get banned again with an attitude like that Hey man stop spreading bad vibes like the rest of reddit. Good vibes only over here [10 XD]
"I know I got super pissed when the Kosher deli I like wouldn't make me a bacon cheeseburger. Wait, they *refuse* to carry Hannukah items? Why??"
HAHAHA OMG TOO FUNNY 10/10 WOULD GIGGLE AGAIN 800+ upvotes
"Meh, wake me up when Lu Xiaojun stars in a documentary called ""Pass USADA."" Lu Xiaojun trailer for IWF's upcoming documentary ""Lift the World"""
"After this gif loops for the fifth time, I'm seeing a trend of police brutality against minorities... This is used by local PD's to demonstrate how much force is felt in a 5 mph crash."
But mah Pennsyltucky will push through for our dear leader Trump! I say let them keep thinking PA is a swing state.
"You're right, because of a planned attack on Americans, we should restrict one of our most basic freedoms, it's the only solution, just like girls who walk around in short skirts and low cut shirts are asking to be raped This stupid movie is like shouting fire in a crowded movie theater. Free speech should be protected, but this was made to incite violence."
"No Shitlord it's clearly a way for the alpha-males of /b/ to assert their masculine dominance over women... It's from the days of old /b/, someone would make a rate me thread and the denizens would make outrageous demands for verification. ""shoe on head!"" ""sharpie in pooper"" The more daring would actually do it. I don't know where the misogynist bit came from because it was usually guys ffs."
Not buying enough stars. What is the one thing you hate the most about your club?
i must have forgotten this: Clearly.............
"But if we give the ultra-wealthy more tax cuts, they'll create more jobs and make us all millionaires! There Is No American Dream, America has no higher rate of social mobility than medieval England"
"Sweet, I can't wait to plug my bicycle into a computer to work on it. OMG. Have you guys seen the Shimano Di2 electronic fly by wire shifters? This is to die for!"
"No dive, not at all. Match-Thread: Malmo vs Real Madrid"
The dirty poor people are holding up the line for me trying to get their WIC card out at the grocery store And how exactly is the food stamp program being abused?
"I mean, I don't know why you wouldn't use that word all the time. I find Turbonigger is a useful stand-in."
Openness and Microsoft in one sentence is great! I disagree. I think the openness of Microsoft's system is what propelled it to greatness.
Dude they have Mike Wallace now though! It's weird that the Ravens are so high with a guy that's yet to play and a bunch of washed up dudes.
That's just the mark of quality All your posts are your own articles.
"But no they deserve brutal justice for their horrible crimes Agree. Since they're only being charged for trespassing, it sounds like there weren't any actual damages. Yes it's stupid and they shouldn't have done it, but in the grand scheme of things it doesn't seem bad enough to me to justify throwing the book at them"
I am a bunny: I am always reproducing. wait. every year for you is a generation? you must reproduce very quickly.
"Because other Networks (T-Mobile specifically) neeeeever have issues Almost 12 hours here. When this blows over, I'm switching networks."
"Well, its quite possible that she killed her friend while johanna was on her deathbed but Tyrion had already been born. I'm pretty sure Tyrion had already been born by the time she killed her friend? Thus her always interpreting ""valonqar"" as Tyrion - if Tyrion hadn't been born yet, her first thought would've been ""holy shit, Jaime's going to kill me?"" And if Tyrion had been born, then Joanna was already dead."
oh i forgot the SOUNDS LIKE I'M ON /R/POLITICS NOW
Because women cannot rape you shitlord Something I don't get about rape. If you're a man and you're having sex. You've gotten the ok with a condom. Then during you take it off. I'm pretty sure that's rape and you could get charged. How come when a woman drops the pill it's not the same when you agreed to sex on the terms that she was on it? Isn't the only difference that you can notice during with the condom? Why does that matter in the slightest?
you will have to buy a new case and film correctly this time Peeling my case's window (WARNING: VERTICAL RECORDING)
"Just keep an armlength, you'll be fine. I was thinking of moving to Cologne in my upcoming move to Germany. Now I'm not as sure."
I don't see The Bradford area is amazing. One of the most interesting areas in the UK. It is easily one of the most natural and architecturally beautiful spots in the north.
Don't you know that all of our universities are liberal cesspools Harvard professor says there are 'grave concerns' about Donald Trump's mental stability
"He pocketed one, obviously. Actually, my Toys R Us got 5 Lucario. The manager brought the box near the door and handed them out to the first 5 people in line, all 5 were in there, preorders were behind the counter."
"Very mature of you to assume students from AMA and STI are like what you described. That might be the case for Russian hackers but trust me, this anonymous Philippines group are nothing but a bunch of low lives who does hacking for personal gains and to ridicule people, not to teach government agencies ""valuable lessons"" they are mostly students from schools are a haven of jejemons like AMA, STI. They are nothing but computer addicts who steal money from their parents just to go to play dota at a foul smelling internet cafe. The identity of some of their members recently got exposed and i couldnt stop my self from vomiting because they are so jologs their fb pictures they look like the lowest form of human beings and i hope they all get karma from this terrorism that they're doing!! damn they are so evil they are ISIS level! you didnt know that this group once hacked a famous celebrity here known as maine mendoza just to peek at her inbox in twitter and facebook and instagram?? those guys are nothing but douchebags. they use hacking as a tool to terrorize and get private info for their own gains..i hope they all rot in hell. i mean from the face of that guy you should have known already that he is a gutter level hacker, not some kind of hacker who will hack to teach a lesson about vulnerability. we should all torture them!!"
"Lol because 700 bucks is lots of money in the bank ""Excuse me, are you over the age of 30?"" ""No, but I have lots of money in the bank. My social is two-four-six - nine-three - sev- ""K bye."" I'm *asking* to get scammed, you complete douche!"
Estariamos mejor con el peje! PS. Nosotros ya la cagamos.
"But how can be communist if you play videogame? I was playing Civ 5 and my great artist created a masterpiece, comrades!"
I bet if you go to BestBuy you can hack and get it for $10 PNY 128GB High Speed MicroSDXC Memory Card $29.99
"Whoa Whoa, I am pretty sure his two out save last night is more impressive than anything Bumgarner ever did for the Giants in the postseason. Maybe if he ever pitches past the 7th inning he can get his postseason ERA below 5"
"Yeah, because radar isn't a crutch at all You like it because it is easier for you to do well (because of a lower skill gap). Simple as that."
"That's fine, human eyes can't detect 0.3 fps I had to limit my frames to 59.7 in Nvidia Profile Inspector."
yeaaah.. cs go is just too realistic for us. That is literally what it's made for in real life...which is not a fucking excuse to have it in a game.
What a shame in this day and age that racists still have to put up with people not liking racism. Or they with you?
"yeah, if you can't shoot the image in RAW with your huge dslr you shouldn't even bother taking a picture of anything ever don't shoot with an iphone, or any other camera that will compress the image. aka shoot RAW"
"Further proof that Marcus has more around him than Jameis. SI tries to quantify ""supporting casts"" for quarterbacks, ranks all 32 teams"
Vladislava wasn't close enough for them? Vladimir Roger
They are made in China No and why would you post this in the China Phones subreddit? Samsung isn't even Chinese. Nothing about this is remotely related to Chinese products
"Wow ur so barbaric, we must love these people and rehabilitate them dummy Send all of those fuckers back. WTH. So you're killing your fellow disadvantaged man because he's Christian. But you're trying to emigrate to a continent filled with Christians. What are your intentions when you get to Europe? I'm usually all about helping but fuck that. Jesus."
"Yes a BETA having a few bugs makes this a ""shite"" company. yes they are a shite company now what's your point?"
"Yeah, it's interesting how people can get so depressed simply from discovering a little incriminating information... No, you don't write a suicide note that says, ""Hey guys. I am clinically depressed and I feel like committing suicide. I am going to do it now. I love you. Bye."" (more or less) T_T Also you don't think the timing of this was suspicious?"
Ah the good times. Mad Men days? You mean blowing up black churches and segregation?
"528,016 #\#BanRS 528 015 #\#BanEverythingIDontLike"
"No, and you treating the alt right like that is the reason Trump won Are you sure he's not just fucking with us? Because he sounds more like a parody of a politician than an actual politician."
My dad is GabeN so he gave it to me for free I never knew Steam was $100
"Now we just need spamshots. Hey, LoL players, we have a better balanced game and even have spell lifesteal and spell cooldown reduction. So why you still play your game? Welcome to dota!"
Yay mobile url! Might help Bo on the trail next year with so much talent close to home.
"KD can hold you with his little bitch arms I'm having flashbacks, hold me :/"
Oh yeah I forgot about all those iron beak owls I've been seeing on ladder backstabs+shadowsteps+wisps+*prep*+more spells = 34/34 van cleef... iron beak owl.
she's just a spoiled brat! SO beautiful. Angelina Jolie would love this.
"Your children are flying in a metal tube at breakneck speeds thousands of feet over the ground... and this is what worries you? Journalist doesn't want her children sitting next to men on planes, due to a single assault that took place over 12 years ago."
"But it's Bill, clearly he didn't know what he was doing. Also it's kind of hard to ascribe any malicious intent to jay walking. Blocking polling places is blatantly antidemocratic."
"No clearly the voice actor is wrong She says Diva in the game, so yea, its Diva"
"You forgot you're In that case, the facts say Trump will make a component and level headed president"
"Yes cause wanting a romantic relationship is just a choice you make... The way I interpret it is that we just want different relationships. If I romantically pursue someone I previously had a platonic relationship with, it is either because the platonic relationship no longer interests me or I've decided that the possibility of a romantic relationship is worth more to me than a platonic relationship. If she doesn't feel the same way, we just want different things."
"Dude, I am pretty sure Mandela died in prison. Nelson Mandela was 76 when he became president of South Africa."
"dude their just fleeing poverty and looking for a better life How many immigration detainers, I wonder?"
"Oh, if he wore a condom that's alright then isn't it... She mentioned a condom. He didn't go through with it all the way. And it wasn't premeditated as far as she says. And he immediately came clean and obviously feels guilt and shame. That's not an unplanned kiss in a bar but it's not exactly the worst thing ever. I don't understand why her having cheated before means anything."
Those Jamaicans are *disgusting* for doing that to a fish. Jamaican jerked halibut =)
"Well, get to work! It's weird to think that I'll never have a wikipedia article about myself. Unless someone kills me in a crazy way, or if I kill a bunch of people in a crazy way."
"Oh yeah, I forgot that teenagers can do no wrong! A 14 years old troll is to blame and should be punished for showing us how easily a billion dollar company can be played?"
thats why you go against the norm and mass void rays You don't want access to PvP. Its all disruptor shots.
"At least they tried... Tom Brady Wins Appeal, Ban Nullified"
you didnt like Tits N Ass wrestling? Also TNA likely gets called something better.
"It's nice to see that the progressive policies of our country fainally pays off. TIL There are more ""Swedish"" ISIS jihadists per capita than any other western country (from October 2014)"
"But they promised me free money! if it was so simple to win, literally everyone would do it. at the end of the day research only takes you so far, sometimes you'll go on cold streaks and sometimes you'll go on hot ones. if you're not able to accept that some people despite all the research will not win, then you shouldn't play. its like believing those tv commercials claiming everyone wins"
"of course, r/movies is the true pantheon of objective criticism these stupid critics don't understand FUN movies Critics are just like any other group. They feed off each other and turn into an echo chamber."
"Stop shitposting on reddit, aren't there bugs to be fixing? Yeah sometimes I wish I could just drop in reynads games and force a double madder bomber for 12 face damage exact lethal on a full board...... but hey, maybe someday we'll have the technology for those dreams to come true."
They're finally retiring the winged hussars Poland getting stronk!!!
JUST BECAUSE I DIDN'T PLACE AN ORDER DOESN'T MEAN I DIDN'T DESERVE TO WIN Someone in this thread is super salty they didnt win and is downvoting every post in here lol
Epsilon Faccento Swanny leaving Epsilon NA
Half-Life 3 Gamers of reddit: What sequel would you love to play that will most likely never be made?
"Ah yes - that's the kind of short-termism that made the US what it is today! This is Philly we are talking about. It's a dump like Detroit. The minorities have drained the system enough, it's about time parents contribute!!"
"and default No. They aren't. The only colors we've seen is green, yellow, and the last one."
"You need to buy the season pass for those? It's a rumor, but I heard there are other modes besides Walker Assault. Don't quote me on this."
"Let's kill it, because that's what we humans do. Biggest Great White ever recorded."
"[Word] Apparently its ""how do you make a spoiler tag?"""
"Omg how ignorant it's obv tremolo... Edited to clarify- The first eight note is beautiful, you play an A with a little bit of G, and then a G but with a little bit of F!"
"Too bad that Zionism founders were atheists. Being Jewish isn't a race. It's a religion. While there are heritage lines that run through Judaism, Judaism isn't a race. If it was, you wouldn't be able to convert and become Jewish."
I'd love to have a mullet. Mullet.
Like acro right? It's just too good when combined with CoD and AA. Any other form of equivalent defense would require much more investment.
Watch Ghostbusters you sexist pig! Got lectured by one of my friends because I'm voting Green. Apparently I'm betraying women everywhere because I refuse to support a woman for president and she's disappointed in me as a woman and a feminist. I'm voting for a woman... just not her woman.
"Yeah, but it has all those unnecessary serifs though. If this is not minimal, can someone define minimalism for me? The packets communicate quite clearly what is in them."
"Date an ugly woman. How to stop being the jealous boyfriend? I love my girlfriend, I really do. I've been cheated on in the past, and it's hard getting rid of that thought that is in the back of my mind. Does anyone have any tips on how to just trust her? Not worrying about her going out to the bar and hooking up with guys, not worrying about her texting/talking to other guys."
"Well those people are fascist socialist communist dictators! But hey, moar freedom! How can people even be against that?!?"
"It's almost as if multiple people are posting their own thoughts! I find it fucking hilarious that the same group who demeaned Trump supporters for being worried that Hillary's establishment would hack the voting machines in her favor, are now claiming that there was voting machine problems that may have worked against them."
"That's because Tim Thomas is a kooky Republican which obviously means he's living in a cave with no technology and tin foil hats so Obama can't see his thoughts, right guys? People judge Tim Thomas on his opinions all the time"
r/iamverysmart All news is fake. I don't believe you exist either.
So I wonder if they will hold themselves to this standard Hackers to face the same jail time as killers
"Hell yeah, if all of the Papuans are dead then there won't be any more violence... Trying to make peace with the West Papuans? Really?"
BECAUSE ITS BIG AND ALSO OTHER EXCUSES And then there's US why can't we have universal healthcare?
"B-but you're playing CoD, you don't deserve the master race! I don't know. Kevin Spacey as the bad guy. Might be worth it to me just for that."
"Wow bro did you just call me a over dramatic bitch. Don't worry, people in this community love assuming the worst out of every statement."
But dogs moufs are cleaner than humans! Because they love bacteria and living on the edge
Yeah because Microsoft has always worried about complying with the law. My guess is after they heard about the UK law they realized implementing the DRM was going to lead to a lot of hassles both legal and technically. Dropping it is the best thing to do win back customers and now you don't have to build the networks and software to make it all work smoothly. It's shame it took the public reaction to the announcement to wake Microsoft up they probably lost a lot of customers and sold many PS4; now all for nothing.
nbcnews is such bias source for Ukrainian propaganda. Russia's Classified Ukraine Crisis Death Toll Appears to Have Leaked
"But that proves all atheists really do believe and just are mad at God Right, he hates God. Which is pretty fucking hard to do if you don't believe gods exist."
Down voted because no mention of Jews Amnesty International: 'Hamas killed and tortured Palestinians'
"Sounds like a piece of cake. All they need is make it to Greece/Europe and that law alone should be enough to get asylum. Once they have asylum, they should have an easy time finding a job and ultimately settle in the EU."
"30 is just a recommendation, it's not the law or anything I feel like I'm the only one doing the speed limit. I've been overtaken twice in the past week in town when doing 30 in a 30... What is wrong with just driving right!"
"He said that he follows Tigers closest tho, and I think we have enough bandwagon supporters already. I wonder who he would have flared up with if he did. Probably Hawthorn, eh."
"Nah, they were caused by the gigantic life-form that's living in the center of the moon, using it as an egg. I wonder if those quakes were caused by the gravity pull from earth, like the moon causes our tides."
"I'm sure they intentionally left you out. I wasn't in the pictures, but even though I was there, they were just like ""Had the best time ever with these people"" that were tagged."
"I can't wait to install the Laravel version that includes a service provider to register a ""facade"" and declare a global function just to make the two previous steps even more useful Object-Oriented String Manipulation in PHP"
"Careful, it's not water resist! Where can I buy this King Diver AAA? (Deluxe Edition?) (Anniversary Edition?)"
"But how can it be hatred when it's merely justice? It's pretty much a sub for videos of women getting beat up under the cover of ""street justice"". Sounds like a hate sub to me"
"Bro, you wouldn't want a girl like that any way Being loved for who you are, flaws and all I'm kinda reluctant posting this simply because it'll probably come across as sounding bitter and entitled, which is uncharacteristic of me. I'm usually a pretty laidback, happy, outgoing person. Things don't usually bother me as they once did. I guess my loneliness is creeping back on me or something. What's been bothering me lately is my friend's girlfriend and the seeming unconditional love she gives him. They've been together for 4 years now, and everything's been cool between us. What frustrates me the most is how I've been rejected countless times from people because I was not good enough for them/I didn't have X quality, but my friend's very first love accepts him -- flaws and all -- from the on-set. He's: * Willfully unemployed * No post-secondary education * No car * Nearing 30, still lives with parents * Completely financially dependent on girlfriend * Main hobbies and interests are video games and pop culture * Self-proclaimed manchild * Hates people, tries to avoid them * Borderline obese And, I know there's gonna be lots of people wondering: he's pretty average in the looks department, at least in my estimation. I wasn't in the greatest spot myself a few years ago, and it took me much courage and effort to achieve the things I have today. I never thought I would've graduated college or ask women out or even regain my social confidence, improve my social skills, etc. but I have. And yet, nothing's come out of it. I know the world's not fair, but it can be tough looking at how hard you've worked for something, only to get nothing while someone puts in barely any effort and gets love, admiration and acceptance."
They would've won if they could use the U23 kids! USA Hockey is on Life Support
But it's cool to disagree. There's also a fuck-ton of contrarians.
"Blasphemy Honestly, I know he won mvp and a ring last season, but curry's was one of the weaker MVP season's i've seen. No where near as good as KD last year or lebron's and kobe's. It's like a steve nash level MVP"
"Hmm... how can this go wrong? Obama Signs Defense Bill, Establishing State Department 'Anti-Propaganda Center' which will actively work to ""recognize, understand, expose, and counter foreign state and non-state propaganda and disinformation efforts aimed at undermining United States national security interests."""
Spoilers? #HellbergMerch2k16
"Yeah the unfrosted tundra soil will be very nutritious and conducive to plant growing Yes, but now you are using your brain. Don't you know a slight warming of the planet will be absolute disaster and the only way to avoid or mitigate it is massive government intervention?"
"Yes, because everyone at Microsoft is an idiot, and they are a company that practically no one holds a grudge against or want to attack in any way. Yeah, to put that in perspective: more like ""On average we get between 7000 and 9000 http request per second on all of our websites during peaks that we think might be linked with some DoS attacks."""
"""I force you to buy and wear a price of shit, then punish you when it breaks"" Yup, sounds like life. Sounds like it was to prepare you for real life. ;)"
"IT'S WOMYN, SHITLORD! P2W Pay to Woman"
You don't need a good education to work for your dole anyways. Tony Abbott's school reform paper proposes cutting federal funding
The horror that some people drink alcohol for fun. Very sad that so many people abuse this drug and do irrevocable harm to their bodies.
Well then I guess let's all feel bad for Nordstrom's being taken advantage of by those all those wealthy fat-cat customers. lol this is a very simplistic view of things
Because those family members totally do not support and profit from being leader of terrorist leader. You're in support of Russians kidnapping and killing family members of suspects?
"Don't worry about them, god will provide all they need... Religious Leaders Go On Hunger Strike Over GOP Budget Cuts"
Why didn't you guys just shoot the 9/11 planes down with your guns? Wow you got that from half a sentence? Be quiet you euro trash you're just jealous we can defend ourselves while you get attacked over and over. Wonder how lon till your attacked again? You won't protect yourself anyway lol
"You forgot the Damn straight. We were morons not to listen to you. If I freed you, would you consider a position in the new government we're setting up?"
"Go home My parents were born &amp; raised in South Africa, I myself was born in America. I'm Northern Southern African American."
Dude Alex rekts can't even believe you'd do this. Cole McGrath. *edgy*
"gotta wonder where he gets it from, with such a pacifist grandfather and all. And his grandson was brutally assaulting his daughter"
Can't wait to hear this everywhere for the rest of the summer DJ SNAKE feat. Justin Bieber - Let Me Love You
You dropped your No. Speaking of which are you gonna buy the 1080. I am. Did you know it runs faster than a titan x but its half the price. What a bargain. Ive already preordered mine. You should to.
"har har har, I love it when people make fun of gender identities xD Another classic and original joke taking actual identities and pushing them to an extreme! You never fail to disappoint reddit."
The only platform that would ever allow you to lock FPS to a customer number would be the Perfect Console if only there was a platform that lets you lock fps to 30...
"Very helpful and a good way of giving good advice Stop misusing psychiatric terminology to describe the fact that you are **UNHAPPY**. Seriously, stop it. The problem is that you're unhappy. Now, why are you unhappy? Apparently it's because you don't see any value in staying in your college program. (I'm guessing, because you write like you're drunk.) To that I say, what alternative do you have? What's the other option? Because plenty of people manage to survive without college degrees. Some of them are even happy. If that's the type of person you want to be, then stop being a pussy about it and just be that person. You might even be better off that way by legitimate measures; clearly there are quite a few college grads who regret their life choices. On the other hand, many college grads are very happy. (Like me.) And if that's what you want to be, then you need to stop screwing around and do that. You've been in day care for 20 years, with people holding you up and telling you what to do. You're an adult now, and it's time for YOU to decide what to do. And nobody's prepared you for that, because apparently they didn't give a shit, and basically perceive you as having about the same importance as a KFC worker attributes to the chicken strips they just shoved into a box. But you're still in this situation, and it's time to decide what you want out of it. And if you can't decide, then maybe throwing thousands of dollars at more day care workers isn't a great strategy while you figure it out."
"Yeah they totally do still complain! Or like, we should force American citizenship on Native Americans, then they can't complain when we take their land.... oh wait"
Ferrari fucks up again by giving Vettel the F14-t for baku Seb's Ferrari with an adjustment for next race
"Yeah, everything is that simple. The current problem with NA teams..."
"Right, because it's SO EASY to just leave an abusive relationship. I started reading this, honestly, expecting to see your fiance's side of things. It's hard for me to be sympathetic to people who hasten their own demise...drug addicts, women (or men) who stay in abusive relationships, drunk drivers, etc. And right up to his reaction of ""That sucks"" I was with him. If it was my friend, I would be more angry at her for leaving herself and her unborn child smack dab in the middle of harm's way than anything else. Up to that point, I could totally understand him not wanting to go with you to the funeral, and not wanting to give you the money to go (although I would expect he could at least offer to loan it to you). But the name calling, the saying she deserved it, is all totally over the top. And that combined with the fact that he's so much older, makes so much more and uses it as leverage, etc, has me pretty well convinced that you and your friend probably have similar taste in men. Forget the funeral. Let your friend's legacy be that you got out of YOUR abusive relationship before it could get as far gone as hers did."
Because everybody (and I mean _every single player of this game_) has a master tier friend with infinite smurfs who can boost them to diamond in their copious spare time. I also think it's way better. I don't understand what all the fuss is about.
"But can he out-homer Trevor Story tho I just checked the box score, wondering if Hazelbaker has been our hero again. I was not disappointed. The man is approaching ridiculous levels of rookie sensationalism."
"But let's keep building more! U.S. Pipeline Blows Open Spilling 250k Gallons Of Gas, State Of Emergency Declared in Alabama and Georgia"
yeah .. that shit is for WOMEN Clay responding to Claudrey rumors
haha you're so cool Weeb alert
"Until fuhrer Trump ends the idea of ""hate crimes"" New York to clamp down on hate crimes after Muslim officer attacked"
best anime! Can the PS4 and Xbone play this? I didn't think so. Told.
"Macdonald's? But I'm at job right now. You know, making money and stuff. Working for one of the biggest company wordwide and so on..."
"True, they should have just left the old town clothes system the same for the 5 people in the world who use town clothes. Exactly. All they need to do is leave the current town clothes system as it is. Allow some items like hats and glasses to be worn in combat if people want. But leave the town clothe system in place as it is."
Not to mention racist! I remember hearing once about a practice called gun running.... But that just must be in the movies. People wouldn't take advantage of a black market like that.... That would be illegal!
its totally the car and not the driver Beautiful lap by Vettel - Hungary 2010
"racist Oreos are already gone. I saw a pack a couple weeks back, already made by Mexico. Also let me tell you what. When I was a kid, oreos had the white creme all the way to the edge. There is like half as much cream in them now. Like everything else made in Mexico, cheap and shoddy."
"Threatening to murder journalist, sounds just like the American republicans Is it just me or are the Taliban using the same PR company as the American Republican party?"
"Isn't that how Trump is gonna build the wall? It offers to convert into other currancies, such as the infamous ""Mile Mexican Peso"""
"Oh, I get it... Sexism against men is funny! A sexist yet perfectly sensible policy at my local Home Depot"
"What's wrong with the back of the bus, anyway? Wow, seriously? So even though I teach kids for a living, I can't sit next to one on a plane. Cool."
"Sure, because human beings are primitive animals with no means of preventing conception from sex. It means that a slut will have to raise a bunch of dudes children while a player can spread his seed far and wide."
"Yeah I can see why your posts all deserve -8 downvotes, that's a cool, classy way for people to respond to you I interpreted it as something like 'Damn this young thing almost stopped me from achieving my legacy!'. I don't know, there's just something in Serena's eyes that screams defeat even though she won."
THATS IT FUCK THIS BROKEN GAME The Contraband rarity doesn't have a chat colour.
"Squenix did 911 too, what a fucking twist. Square Enix went ahead and bribed the Chinese government so that they would confiscate all their stuff."
"I can't remember, is he a Muslim, an atheist, or does he hang out with radical black Christian pastors? Who has Obama's? Lets start with that one."
Bold! I predict the Raptors making the playoffs as a high-ish seed and then getting knocked out in the first round.
I sure am glad I spent money on the season pass for some AR challenges. Next DLC out Sept. 29th!!!
"In his defense, you did ask. Customer service is such fun"
"It's his fault... He's ""painfully predictable"". You desperately need to work on your insecurities. There is 0 chance you can have a healthy relationship while you hack into peoples' accounts, whether they're lying or not."
Its always a good idea to wait til the last moment. Bernie Sanders is finally taking risks on race
"Well obviously it's gone forever now. ""I disagree with a politician so I'm going to destroy a $30,000 piece of his property!"" Sound logic there."
"Agreed, it's time they removed all Arabs from their land, by force if needed, to purify their country. Home court advantage counts for a lot and they're carving out some serious space to build their home court. A slice of their own is the least they deserve from the spoils."
"Oh yeah, you know, that's not as bad lol So instead of watching his parents die 514,800 times he only had to watch them die 172800 times"
"And we should obviously hate on those who are now not as good as they once were and not look at their past accomplishments. Because he took a huge nosedive. During the first half of the summer split, he was something like 10th (out of 11 or 12) in damage to champions amongst all NA ADCs (incl. subs)."
"The 19% is oxygen, the 1% is god. Not if there was no oxygen. Saturn's moon Titan is mostly methane."
"Do you plan on trying dipper into a head that's always screaming? I feel really bad for all of the people who post on this subreddit asking questions for the Bill AMA. Mostly because they're, in all likeliness, kids."
"An injury that can send Chelsea to the bottom of the table! Torres suffers MCL injury, out for 3 weeks"
The chief of police has said after internal revue the officers were justified in their actions. Truly WTF worthy
"Oh yeah women are the problem here Sex sells and women love to complain. They complain when they're objectified and they complain when they aren't. Just look at the push for topless equality ages ago, and think to how many women exercise that right. Of course if I wore booty shorts around town and my hairy ass was hanging out, people would surely laugh/awkwardly oogle."
"Yup, I'm really glad they made the decision to make torbjorn the only playable character in the game, really saves the confusion Nope. They're setting up for the story mode. They will be the next to last encounter, just before Reaper."
Glad they spoiled the fact everyone made it across to the other roof No Escape Official Trailer #2 (2015) Owen Wilson Thriller Movie HD
"What could possibly go wrong? Me with my live in SO of 2 months, I think I'm starting to have very strong feelings for his best friend. Has anyone else been in this situation? How did it go? I met my SO online and after 3 months of talking I moved from Alberta to BC to live with him. Hes really great, he helped me get a job, I'm paying off my debts and most importantly hes helping me get on my own two feet and out of my depression. However theres a lot of small things that pile up and weigh on me. I have addressed these issues before but they haven't stopped. The issues go from money, to make-up, to how much I eat sometimes. I have sat him down three times already and told him it makes me feel incredibly bad when hes stubborn about any of these things. And now his best friend, we'll call him K. K and I met through my SO. We play games together a lot and honestly? I couldn't help but like him. We get along, he tells me how he can't wait for us to move back to Ottawa so we can all hang out, ect. It just seems like I'm dating the wrong guy? I don't know I'm going to give it a week to think over and see how I feel. My question is, has any one else fallen for the best friend? How did it go? Was there hard feelings with your ex? Are you still dating/how long did you date? and most importantly, do you regret it? --- **tl;dr**: Thinking of dating my boyfriends best friend because we get along heaps more and have more in common."
"ITS NOT ENOUGH More than 30,000 Muslims from across the world meet in the UK to reject Isis and Islamic extremism"
"I'm completely devastated :( To bad he is out of the conference now , eh?"
Do you really expect him to pass up on all that money that Tim Irvin got? Why did he even come? who was making him?
"Largest health care expansion in history, killed Bin Laden, brought the economy back from the brink, saved the auto industry, yeah it really showed Sadly, first term Obama was truly inexperienced, and it showed. By the time he found his footing, the Republicans had coalesced on a strategy of stopping any progress, regardless of whether it was something they agreed with."
"way to free market Sunny Nevada Just Killed The Solar Industry With 40% Tax Hike, Derailing the Off-Grid Movement"
"It was the ""Death to America"" piece of flair you were wearing, wasn't it, OP? I guess I'll be the one to ask. How do you know the reason she didn't ask is because you're a Muslim?"
when the colonizers build over sacred grounds of the natives and show it off like its cool smh Base with RUIN inside
"Man ya'll must have been really fucked when you faced the pistons too Yeah Green looked like he was a little hung over that game. Iggy was practically sharing his jersey in the second half. I didn't mind the poor D early though, because Curry felt like he was being challenged and also put on a show. What a fun game that was."
"Thanks for being able to tell the future. I'm sorry you Trump supporters, but if USA chooses him, not only is the USA fucked, but so is the rest of the world as well."
How will he get his coin back from the racists if he takes a break? So retard accidentally lists his stuff for too cheap on the AH then calls Blizz racists because they wont' restore his item? Dude needs to take a break from the game.
Actually 334 in one season Wow 333 RBIs per season. Damn
"Wow you dont need to be so bitchy about it. Yup. I'm always considered a bitch. I started to get a complex and now I forward all my important shit to my husband or work friend first to check for bitchiness. They always assure me it sounds great, nothing in it is unreasonable. Hell, I'm an English teacher, I choose my words carefully as it is. I'm just so paranoid. And you know what? I hear all the time about ""my bitchy email I sent""... just because I'm assertive or suggest something, I'm a bitch. It has nothing to do with anything I said, but merely the fact I dared to speak up at all."
"Guess you forgot the Items with stickers of the NA team 'Liquid', which Hiko and s1mple play in :)"
"All my mid-30's female friends are pretty hot, they must be lying about their age, right? r/niceguys: The comic"
Clearly that makes it all ok SRS is a faint shadow of its former self. Most of the time when they link to someone the vote totals keep going up.
"Felipe Martins, of course. Who are you thinking of as the possibly the best?"
"Like he said he was recording for his own protection and wanted to make the officier insta-famous. Funny thing though, if this idiot didn't identify himself ***ON CAMERA*** as an employee of the City, then his job wouldn't be at risk at all!"
"Well, France's gun control laws did stop a terrorist attack in Paris. Its certainly not as circlejerked as other ideas on reddit, but usually when I see a gun debate starts on reddit, a lot of Europeans and Canadians like to join in, plus all the pro gun control Americans."
"Clearly the walls &amp; checkpoints that were built to stop terrorist attacks are what caused these terrorist attacks. Tel Aviv mayor links terror attack to occupation, sparking outcry"
"Hey, I know it's an Accord but no need to call it names Slowpoke."
Because SuperSU is not that sketchy after being sold out to an unknown chinese company... Not at all... Have you tried kingroot? That's the only rooting method that worked for my Z1 that didn't require bootloader unlock. You do need to replace it's sketchy su with SuperSU after that though.
"No, it's horrible because they lose overtime pay! When a cop gets 'suspended with pay', how is this a punishment? Sounds like holiday leave to me."
"But the Tesla will have no issues and nothing to go wrong with it because there's no moving parts Model X owner files Lemon Law suit against Tesla, claims car is unsafe to drive"
"Wow... what a funny comment A: This job sucks, carving statues around the temple all day with no time for a break and no food! B: Yeah fuck that, that priest saw me trying to sneak a bag of rice under my clothes yesterday and took it away, he said it will be offensive to the the gods if I ate at the job! A: Yeah fuck that, I'll show him 'offensive to the gods', I'm gonna carve this dude fucking a horse. B: Think they'll notice?"
"Batman, who's that? you win. I scrolled 90% of this thread to finally find a show I haven't seen. Congrats. Batman The Animated Series, amirite"
"Record: corrected Thank you Because it looks like this is the runner-up debate for second place. For everyone that isn't already huge Bernie or Trump supporter, this looks like a side show. Once again, hillary looks like the only adult in the room. (ie presidential)"
Nah man Kyrie is Lebron's greatest teammate ever Imo Kyrie is just as likely to be sitting from injuries than Wade. No one ever mentions how banged up he has been in his short carreer
But he said it wasn't a joke! is it just me or is this not obviously a joke
"But that's ok you know, white mans burden and all Mein Kampf uses the (to my eyes much more insulting) word Zulukaffer."
We all know this is an actual bonsai with stop-motion photography and legos! Think we could find a pot big enough for this tree?
"That's why we should replace prison with executions. If you go to jail for tax evasion, you're living off of taxes as a result of not paying them."
"Subban to Panthers confirmed PK Subban looking slightly different. Brent Burns, not so much."
No he's a bigot and all the gays need to run and hide because this country is about to go backwards and he's going to put them in camps I will say it again because it needs repeating: **Donald Trump:** Is for equal rights for all. Supports supreme court's ruling. No history of homophobic behavior and most Pro-LGBTQ republican candidate in history. **Hilary Clinton:** Oppose gay marriage privately and lie about it publicly to garner votes. Accept financial support from foreign nations that murder homosexuals.
Not in Standard Please. That combo is completely unreliable. The real threat is double shrinkmeister cabal.
ITT: Cops saying it's ok to let them know you have weed just so it makes it easier to get you. Cops of Reddit: A lot of people get jumpy and try to 'act normal' around law enforcement. How can you tell genuinely suspicious people from self-conscious idiots acting weird?
"Katt Williams, the epitome of comedy Fwd: Think of the children!"
"Yeah, he looked really hungry in the video. Notice how he was talking about food? They steal to eat. It's not about entitlement, it's about survival."
"Im sure the MSM will be all over this Bernie just called for Hillary to release the transcripts again! I'm at the Syracuse rally in NY right now, and he has once again asked her to release the transcripts. This is a great time to push on social media for her to release them!"
"Yea true, there ver well could be talking snakes and an invisible man in the sky that can hear everyone murmur. Yeah, I'll second this, and I'm one of those people who believe that religiosity is a disease. But just because we both think the same about the other party (the ""out-group"") doesn't necessarily mean that we're both wrong. One of us could actually be right about the other."
"Sure, but mine have multiple devices, and a remote Sure... Same as unplugging isn't it."
"Those damn raghead muzzies all look the same to me anyways Unless I'm wrong, no Call of Duty campaign has Talaiban as the antagonists"
Out skilled I just played a game with a control/freeze mage deck I built where I planned lethal 4 turns in advance. I spend the next 3 turns executing it and on the last turn my opponent simply slams down Yogg who then proceeds to flare my ice block and kill me. I also had something very similar happen a few days ago where Yogg killed me through ice block with curse of rafaam. I think that sums up the current state of HS. The only viable decks are either 100% curvestone with early RNG tempo swings (shaman/dragon war/hunter/zoo) or play a billion spells and Yolo Yogg (druid/rogue and sometimes tempo mage). Everything else is not even tier 2.
"Someone should come up with concrete and understandable categories already! I prefer the term semi-autonomous for cars of this type. Self-driving, to me, is a term reserved for cars intended to handle all stages of a drive from beginning to end."
Use it as a phys x card. Have a 770 so wouldnt need.
"But he started talking about math, so I tuned out.... It *is* an opinion piece. One that doesn't claim any sort of proof."
And the taxpayer rejoices. Seven were perforated but apparently none were made good.
That's the most likely scenario or maybe you're a douchebag government stooge sockpuppet?
"you're such a casual I definitely agree but as someone with 60+ clears in the vault and pretty good at it, I wouldn't be able to join with my 2800k score lol"
"I didn't know Clown College had an accredited Conspiracy Theories professor! A quote from my college conspiracy theories teacher ""some thoeries have been proven true like the government creating LSD or black people having big penis'"" .... Took us all by surprise"
"Buy you don't understand, its so deeeeeeeeeeep. Too many creepypastas are ruined by the author deciding to write something profound and eerie at the same time."
Yes it is from star trek wars episode 3 revenge of Khan If this from Star Wars?
"So we need single payer. ... and health insurance makes it worse, not better."
"Yeah, because that would totally catch on. America, now, please."
"But that means you must hate them and don't want to be with them. True, I have often in relationships mistaken my need for alone time for lack of feelings. Often i just get a couple of days of isolation and time to think, then the spark is there again."
It's good to know that you aren't using evil 30 round mags. Yesterday was a good day - RRA 458 SOCOM
Good thing there's no fumes around you or your gas tank when you're pumping gas then. Just as an FYI a cigarette doesn't burn hot enough to ignite liquid gasoline. It can light fumes but not the liquid.
"Well God made black people for that purpose too but APPARENTLY they also deserve things like ""civil rights"" I don't get the lore. ""Let's make worker robots with sentience."" They aren't doing anything that requires complex thought or a moral compass. They are basically glorified maids and factory workers."
Yeah cuz the heat circle jerk in this sub is overwhelming Yup. Typical heat and LeBron fans covering up for their star player. The circle jerk is real!!
Question: Are we allow to legally firebomb ugly vehicles? Found this posted on r/WTF
So either way she'll vote for a Republican? my mom is the same way with politics. She hates obama yet she depends on social programs just to keep her place. She says she will vote for a republican unless hillary runs. She loves hillary.
"Wow Torts is such a bad coach, this is Hockey not running! Tortorella: ""This is not a marathon, it's a sprint. ... We're in a dangerous spot."""
"Better this than cops on the road busting idiots for mobile phones. Well, except that recreational cannabis (ie the vast majority of cannabis use) is still illegal. But baby steps, I guess."
"Yes, because enforcing traffic laws is totally equivalent to 1984. Nice. This gets us primed and ready for the future. Today we can rat out our neighbors for parking offenses. But tomorrow, we can whisper into our viewscreens to rat out our parents to the Thought Police. BB!"
"No shit? water works disc golf course, Kansas City, MO...that is what the logo says on the picture of hole 6."
"Duhhhhh, you have to build the whole War then break it to get Broken-War! Probably because the name is completely misleading. They aren't even parts for the War, even though they have War in the name. And the Broken-War should only require 1 blade instead of 2, because it's...broken. And has 1 blade."
"Yeah weird. Ibrahimovic + Pogba + Rashford + Mata = Several shots, no goal Marital first shot = goal"
"Wait a minute, I thought he was a Nazi? Exactly right, Sally Kohn the anti-Semite, YOU are making the world hate us."
"Palin Just out of curiosity, who is/was your right female candidate?"
But i thought Trump was the fascist.... O_o honestly. controlling dialogue this aggressively is fascist *at best*
I miss the stock the old lockscreen why would they change it :( I really hate Lenovo. This G and the year's Z betray those principles that the original G and X started all those years ago. I really miss last year's X Style.
Youtube Where to post none Competitive game play?
Too soon Just like Mary got nailed by a marauding Roman soldier at 9 months BC?
"THERE IS TOTALLY ROOM FOR RELIGION IN GOVERNMENT In light of current...developments...any tips on volunteering/becoming an activist for reproductive rights? The current climate has me on edge, and I refuse to stand idly by as I watch the rights of others be trampled on. However, I haven't the slightest clue what organizations to join or what paths to take in order to be an effective change agent. Anybody have any tips on how I can remedy this?"
"No wonder I couldn't compile native extensions on Windows, I was running vim instead of vs. this is nothing more than an ad for visual studio. On top of that, the font is giving me eye cancer ;o"
"Yeah that black man they ran last time really didn't go well for them Not a chance in hell. Democrats need to run youngish, white, charismatic men from now on. They can't risk anything else."
"Hurray for our contrarian hero. I'm just trying to get all the facts right, but it sounds like the American purchased a permit to hunt big game, and the government does not dispute the validity of this permit. The problem is that the big game selected was a collared lion that was on an off-limits to hunting reservation. Now it sounds to me that two local men, a hunter and a person who owned land near the reservation, conspired to bait the lion off of its protected land and probably charged the American for the services of a hunting guide or something. So I'm just trying to figure out why there's some kind of witch hunt for this guy when we have no idea regarding the specifics. For all we know, and based on what the evidence shows, to include actually reporting the hunt, he thought he was doing everything legally, and may even be a victim of the local men mentioned in the story."
"Sometimes I also enjoy 20+ second load times when entering buildings, this gives me plenty of time to grab another bag of dewritoes. ""leave the PC where it truly belongs, in the office."""
Stop with your whitesplaining! Ok then what does it mean? All I see is you shooting down definitions. Granted these definitions are not through but I don't see them as wrong in laymen's terms.
"You forgot the Literally this. Secret pally, almost any mage,face and mid hunter, these are decks that never see competitive play"
Yeah it's a better life decision to fail out in school to make sure your GF doesn't feel left out because you need to study. I don't blame her. You sound like an asshole. Write her a letter. Let her parents know with out going into detail on all the 'french fucks'. And leave. Go find someone that is happy being your 10th priority. Jerk.
About time Reddit for iPhone: v1.9 now available (x-post from r/changelog)
"Downvoting Americans sure know better I dont think so. Countries like china, india dont hate russia like the west does."
Why are you complaining? When you tell them you are unhappy with something they did and they tell you why you were wrong for feeling that way rather than trying to have a productive conversation about it.
"To be fair, a good, honest raping would have put her in her place. Also because movie audiences are unlikely to root for a character once they sexually assault someone. The whole idea that all Ratched needed was a good sexual assault is pretty sexist. The only women in the whole book are either literal whores or evil overbearing mother archetypes."
"Except Breitbart and InfoWars, everything there is true, right? It is a prime example as to why you shouldn't put any stock in the news. The coverage felt wrong all year Even with all the polling data and ""expert analysis"" I felt a Trump victory coming a long way out"
"My parents were killed by an NP-complete problem, you insensitive clod. Calm down, my friend. If your parents were killed by an NP-complete problem I understand that this would be a very upsetting discussion for you. I'm not really qualified to give you advice, but I'm always willing to listen."
"Luckily this wont happen anymore, because now we got that super helpful ""soon-out-of-bullets"" sound! When the panic wiggle works"
"Kiran Bedi approves this post. Because as diplomat, you can only ""lick"" not like"
"Remember folks, SRS controls reddit. ""Where does SRD endorse hate subs? I'm disinclined to continue this cause I feel you're just complaining to complain. If you don't like SRD, keep to your hug box subs."""
"Waaaa waaaa I demand a rerun! It makes sense. As soon as you reach 101, there's no point in keeping tracking of everything, so it's countless."
"Yeah, what a bandwagon the Seahawks have USA map of Twitter followers for this weekend's Super Bowl Teams"
wut i agreed to his post brah How mod are you?
Best Repost! Best Value!
"Nope its the guns You're missing the point, guns don't kill people, nutjobs do, and with whatever they can get their hands on."
Won't you think of the Mormon missionaries? So trespassing is okay as long as I didn't tell you not to do it first?
"Cause of course, they're not one of the best Dota2-clans out there, right? Difference is. IM and EG have great Players... this Natus group ...doesn't!"
"My assumption is that they were paid ... and didn't want their friends to recognise them later, so they became hermits, grew beards and are now shaving off their disguises to allow their return to the moral part of Australia. That's quite the presumption but okay"
Sucks that women don't enjoy sex Sex.
"Creatine will get you that big. Nah dude. Phil Heath just takes his multivitamins every morning, with his shreddz supps."
Tell him to put it through the window Affraid of the pizza delivery guy?
If he didn't he's stupid and his opinion is irrelevant. Did you go to college?
maybe you should have voted a little harder My reaction as Scottish man to the USA celebrating its independence
"They obviously don't count, as they're not from the *real* America. Except the millions of people who voted for her. So...plenty of people do."
"But his feelings might get hurt Now this is the kind of funny ""hazing"" a new guy shouldn't be afraid of. Nobody gets hurt, their civil rights are not violated and even the newbie's gotta have a laugh later."
"No other guy has EVER talked like trump has to their friends.. no.. never.. Exactly. If i was talking to my real friends, theres a real chance i wouldve said pussy grabbing tiger, for comedic effect"
he asked for it Later edit ca e plin de prosti pe reddit: Sigur batranul i-a zis ceva ...
"im just going to complain everytime they shoot thugs that charge them, because black lives matter! Do you have a plan to do this, or will you just complain about cops?"
The SWR meter is like the S meter so more is better. $person thought that the swr meter moving was a good thing?
Because it's new and scary and I don't like anything that's not the zelda formula D: Why is it bad?
* One T6 in a T5 match up * 5 platooned players vs 4 platoon players * 5 of the same clan on a side vs pubs MM working as intended And that was supposed to be.....? Landslides happened before and after - nothing unusual.
"Wait, I thought he was born in Kenya If Obama is considered Illinois and not Hawaii, wouldn't Sanders be considered Vermont and not NY?"
"woow op, don't be such a beta! Made a post that was critical of TRP. Received this gem."
"Don't you know that the government is better at deciding who needs that money than a church ever could be? Churches already give out so much money, I don't think they should tax them. At least in my church, we give out tens of thousands of dollars to the less fortunate a year. I would rather have the needy have money than the government."
"Between that joke of a white paper and that A*STAR artist cunt, we must be so glad about our tax dollars at work. I remember thinking to myself when reading the population white paper: wow if I submitted that for an assignment I'd probably fail for the lack of research in it."
"Why is she sorry for that? ""Sorry I'll do better Next time"" -- Maddie"
"If only they had given those poor migrants more stuff none of this would have happened. Third Brussels terrorist was a ""migrant rights activist"""
Hell while we are at it lets just make Tristana E not do damage to towers aswell. Diana should not proc passive on turrets With the nerf to Trundles Q on turrets and the fact turrets are made of paper I don't think its balanced to have Diana's 3-hit passive proc'ing on turrets. It's a little stupid how she can melt turrets if you decide to roam. Anyone else agree?
Why dont they just modify the M2 Bradley? Congress Again Buys Abrams Tanks the Army Doesn't Want
"They should be working to eliminate studies on gravity.... then we could all fly! Republicans Push Climate Change Cuts at CIA, Defense Department - House Republicans want to eliminate climate research."
It's unbelievable stuff like this happens in NYC! thats called a mugging.
"Yeah, to bust citizens who store rainwater on their private property, duh. EPA was created for a reason..."
Probably should've put A one-product button is not new and scary. It is trite and cartoonish.
"Thank God I'm dating my partner so they can't have sex with anyone they want. That really doesn't mean anything. Since y'all aren't dating, she can still have sex with anyone she wants, and it's likely if she doesn't make you wear a condom, she doesn't make other guys either."
"* Visual Studio support native Mac OS development * Apple update their EULA to restrict developers to their tools * ... * PROFIT! Analyst reports that Visual Studio will support native Mac OS development, and will be announced by Steve Ballmer at WWDC"
"Hacks Globals of reddit, how many wins did it take for you to go from SMFC to GE? Yesterday hit supreme and I am really happy about it. Looking forward to getting global. In some threads here I read that some users were stuck in supreme for like 300 wins or some got global after 15 game win streak. That is crazy, I will be bored to death to play this ge for so long, so my question is, how did you get your GE rank and how many win streak you had to get before ranking up?"
"The price of health insurance rose and it's included in your benefits package, so in a way you did get a raise! ""Shifting the discussion from wages to compensation (wages and benefits) does not alter any of the salient facts about stagnant pay in recent years."""
But is there any stipulation on actually hitting the net? Pulky would own this hard shot competition.
Because Saskatoon is **so** gangsta. Metal detectors used at Saskatoon screening of Straight Outta Compton
"Yes, I'm sure *news.outlookindia.com* is a very reliable source on things that happen in Pakistan. 13 Year Old Girl Buried Alive After Rape in Pakistan"
Isn't that the direction FP want the game to be in? Because people will draw dicks on the shield and say that they have a large cock that can cum a lot.
Clearly you nead to angle your amour more When you meet KV-2
"Yeah, I'm sure this happened..... Grand-uncle while talking middle-east/ISIS"
"That cop's such a creep, hugging little kids! Photo: Police officer and young demonstrator share hug during Ferguson rally in Portland"
You mean that city in Maine? As an American....I'm happy I know where the name 'Bangor' comes from now. We've got a Guard unit there and I can never pronounce it correctly.
Don't make fun of Clay Matthews like that Does anyone ever think a female kicker would be possible? I know that some woman tried out for the Packers a few years ago but I think I read that was a publicity stunt and she didn't even kick that well.
TIL that Antonio Banderas is KKK. BBC report on KKK wrongly uses photographs of CATHOLIC WORSHIPPERS
"Constructive criticism is constructive Epic you did it! v32 Matches are quicker... and Duller Yes, defensive Orbing could drag matches out. Yes, cutting it has made matches (a fraction) quicker. But is this how you want your game? How can it even be called a gametype, with rules, logic and strategy to it.. if every match is forced to end in a Surrender? It was like this before. Now, guaranteed. Is a ballot box really your envisioned crescendo for our time.. because it seems to be. You're doing nothing to encourage strategy, depth, and a reason to see matches through to an adrenaline finish. I mean it's actually not there, has never been there, in the meta design. And it hurts. I've had faith in you from the start Epic, and I'm not calling it at v32 either, not rage-quitting by any means.. but you're essentially designing a game of ten pin bowling. Why don't matches just end when a team loses three towers? Make that the ruleset if that's what you want. Every patch does nothing to improve logic or depth. Balance, yes, but the game is getting shallower. Can you be upfront if that was always what you wanted from your FTP.. because then I WILL know I can stop now? Really, the path you're on seems strange from the outside. State your business. /endrant"
"Who cares its just NASCAR, all they do is go around in a left hand circle chewing tobacco and drinking Bud Light Well done mods, we are now the joke of reddit... Thanks, hope you are happy..."
Because corrins a flithy traitor I don't understand why you can get Flora but not Yukimura.
"It's only ok when they say it I am big. Quantifiably big. Way above average. Amazonian. I am not fat (anymore). Stop trying to lump me in with you. Fat is a perfectly fine word to qualify people who are fat. Also, if being fat isn't a problem, why can't people say that they're fat? It's either bad or it's not. Please choose one."
"Wow, if that's the case then I must be dating lots of girls. your judgement is perfectly fine. Your gf is dating this guy. end it another thing ... if we meet a person of the opposite sex and we really connect with them and spend time with them, its called dating. Thats great unless you already are in a relationship ..."
You have to give me all of your money in game to unlock it. No update for me.. D: I just started getting back into gta online and I have the biker update but there's no tron bike. I see everybody else driving one. I check for updates regularly but there's nothing? Is there anything I can do?? I'm playing in the ps4. There's nothin in legendary motor sports.
Bikers would never act like dickbags in a large group! Those signs are an attempt to keep the waterfront open to bikers. The idea is to reduce conflicts between pedestrians and riders. I hope large numbers of bikers don't see the signs as some kind of a challenge and then decide to act like dickbags. If that happens then bikes will get banned from the waterfront altogether and that would suck.
Because being quiverful is joyful. SEVEN children??? SEVEN?! Who needs seven children?! Why???
"I too often formulate plans to maybe possibly kill some my allies that involve clumsily and painfully killing myself first I think this guy is MUCH more nefarious than just a medic with PTSD. I totally creeped out when he looked at the half a body in front of ~~Big Lots~~ Sorry, Big ""Spot"" I don't get the feeling he's a sleeper agent for the Governor. I think it's a different faction, probably all ex-military. I think he new all about the walkers and the helicopter on the roof. I re-wound it twice and it sure as hell looks like he knocked over that liquor shelf on purpose to make noise and condense the walkers in one spot so they would break through the weakened roof. He didn't intend for anybody to survive the attack, but Daryl saved him and now he's stuck back at the prison. Hell, he was the one who heard Patrick shuffle off to be sick in the shower and didn't alert anybody. He's eeeeeeevil I tell you, EVIL!"
Not anymore mate Is Blackett one of the biggest talents in the EPL? He is seriously impressive. Turned 20 years just 4-5 months ago and he plays really really well. I can see him turning into one of the best center backs in EPL within 2-3 seasons if he keeps this up. He could be the new Rio Ferdinand.
But they only play casual fake roles like support. More women play RPGs and PC games than men
"place and time man, that was the pinnacle of CGI in 1999 Creed - Human Clay"
"What would be really crazy is if it caused no issues and brought in big tax dollars... It would be nice if the USA could ""test"" the idea of grown adults being responsible with drugs in a few states...(sarcastic comment) ;-)"
This is an easter egg referring to how bad Jay-Z is. Type JZ to unleash havoc.
"Yes, i'm sure the teams will play the game for reddits entertainment and not to win the game cleanly A message to TSM and CLG pro's that will play today for the love of god, please give us an exciting, actionfull game because the only reason i'm a LITTLE bit hyped for lcs today is because of your match. Since EU Lcs got so exciting to watch, NA became almost too boring with the maximum 10 kils on a game and farming strategy type of bullshit. sorry for the bad english"
"But I thought Canadian values didnt exist at all? And we should keep it that way, as Ms Leitch proposes, because these people do not share our very well defined Canadian values."
What caliber is it? Pirate sword from the gulf?
"Actually, it's Brandon Farmingweenies. man, that Brandon Farmaweenie gettin no respect at RTX"
"Well, I'm convinced then... On Russian TV, Trump says it's 'unlikely' Putin trying to sway election"
"Especially before the internet, and how it made everyone know everything by the time they were 23. I like how everyone is criticizing both the kid *and* Rollins. Given the fact that they're both pretty damn young, I'd expect both of them to act like miscreants. No one is a saint at 23."
"No, no, we should want to do it cause she is down to one diaper Yep, that's the part that blew my mind. ""I just don't want to go""?! I just don't want to do half the shit I have to. That doesn't make it anyone else's problem or mean I can just not do it. Does she think other people don't also experience the cold and hate it? The selfishness and entitlement in that line is maddening."
Rightly said... Sir.. ... New drunk person asking stoner questions? I think so sir!!!
"YOU must be NOT AMERICAN because you're a HUGE PUSSY That one's funnier. Doesn't start any stupid ""we're better than you"" arguments either."
"Segues are hard. ""how would you feel if your daughter named a pet (after you)"" WOOOOOOOOOAAAAAWWWW NEWS IS INTERESTING"
"Yeah, what's a couple of years of LCS experience when compared to a couple of years of permaban for ddosing Still doesnt mean he deserves it more then the other contenders"
Dropbox SVN
"Racist I really do find it hard to replace my overwhelming hatred for the Falcons, but here goes. Fuck Cam, fuck the Panthers, fuck Russel Wilson, fuck Richard Sherman, essentially fuck ever single one of these spotlight mongering twats. ""I don't like all the media coverage."" My ass you lying tool."
"Cause fuck you im 15 mph over the speed limit, get off my ass. Redditors driving in the left lane: WHY DON'T YOU GET OVER?"
It's his remix on for The Girl! Mr FijiWiji Is Remixing an Unreleased Track
MODS RUIN GAMES! Bejeweled.
"You know, if we bomb the refugees, there will be no refugee problem, as they will all be worm food. And that's why there isn't any refugee crisis! Oh. Wait. Guess we didn't blow up enough stuff?"
"Yeah totally same thing you mean just like the catholic church followed humanitarian aide workers who were handing out condoms, and told the people to throw the condoms away and they are the work of the devil..."
"Sorry, dropped this .... There's like a dozen people that even comment here. How are the mods at fault...."
Yeah this was with that last update. You can also throw Heims turrets wih syndra
"Hippie commie blasphemer! We need to get rid of capitalism or were doomed, it just doesn't work."
"Yathink the Skywalker orchestra is that expensive? Well for one, it depends on whether 343i was willing to hire the musicians to re-orchestrate and play the entirety of the Halo 2 soundtrack. That costs a pretty penny."
"Ya because carriers don't have data caps. Uhhh, just create a hot spot with your phone."
There should be a config for AS to make it more bareable. Unfortunately. I miss the days when I didn't have to spend hours configuring gregtech to make it bearable.
But I want to be angry over the fact that my ship isn't as debatably cool as the new ones... they fixed that bug in this patch.. Its in the notes
Mike is smiling up from heaven Walgreens looted and on fire in Ferguson
Yeah I bet they like him for his personality I sincerely don't believe that he isn't paying for these women.
BUT THEIR IDEAS FOR FIXING IT ARE SO DAMN GOOD! Ashe and her passive are 100% fine.
About time we got some variety of food in Itaewon Halal Guys coming to Itaewon - Dec 17
Nads out right Find rebuses for three related names in this rebus/word search.
Cause Maryland was a catholic colony? Why do the Redskins have so many guys with French-ass names??
"Oh, but Atlanta's crime isn't a problem! Lots of gunshots fired near Opera just now. Woke up to the sounds of a bunch of gunshots literally minutes ago. Someone just ran by saying to someone else ""someone has a gun."" Anyone know what's up? Kind of scary."
"Linked video is just great TIL Paul Newman made his own food brand just to let all the income go to charity. He also build a camp for seriously ill children. To this day, ""Newman's Own"" has donated over 250 million dollars to thousands of charities around the world."
"At this point, what difference does it make? It's almost as if he won the election"
"Fool, only the Khaleesi can be unburnt. Too bad they aren't 'Unburnt', maybe Quentin would have had a chance..."
"I forgot the You're right, he's just so overrated! A real team cancer! Gerald Wallace and a 2nd rounder and we'll take him off Sac's hands. He's so overrated tho, he's probably not even worth that"
Wow 40 that's loads I can name u over 40 diamond + UK/Irish Players.
"I always wondered why people delisted from St Kilda vanish. I'm fairly sure Brisbane don't even have centralised training facilities, and have to travel to the farthest points of Australia just for training. Also in ""The Final Draw"" documentary, the Saints description of their facilities in 2010 were pretty piss poor. Their gym equipment was held together by tape, and apparently there was a door in their offices that lead to nothing other than a 20-foot drop. As for the best, most clubs have updated and modernised in the past decade so they're all pretty good now. I know when the Holden Centre was refurbished, Collingwood had some of the best facilities, but I think most clubs have caught up now."
"Hey, you can't criticize Jews, that's anti-semitic! Orthodox Jewish town of Lakewood, NJ demands free busing for private schools, but vote down tax increase to pay for it. So, board of ed votes to cut 68 teachers from the public schools, three guidance counselors, sports/athletics, and the number of students per class will go up to approximately 40."
"Yeah, he certainly can't clear waves completely from level 4 onwards with1050 range! The 3 best midlaners, lb ahri and zed, all do very well against him which is why he is better as a support"
"Yeah, How dare you use your brain instead of believing blindly on a disjointed book of weird stories, mostly stolen from other cultures? You ""think too much""? Seriously?"
"chip brown, #1 baylor insider Sources: Baylor Regents Preparing To Oust Baylor President/Chancellor Starr"
"The White Sox played the whole season with no fans, why is this special. There was the White Sox/Orioles game with no fans."
"Get your gender binary common sense out of here! That's a male connector. The outer sheath is the ground connection. If you insert it into something, it's male."
"Will Smith must be your favourite actor. Atlas Shrugged (not sure if this counts). Great Expectations. I Am Legend. I, Robot. People made those last two out to be way better than they actually were. Not terrible stories, just not as amazing as all the hype."
"YOU'RE JUST MAD BECAUSE I'M RIGHT! ""Here's a reason why you suck"" ""I'd rather not have a flame war..."" ""Well here's more reasons why you SUCK lol."" Can't just let it go can you."
White people cant be terrorists The Republicans are terrorists. There's no real way to dispute that anymore.
"That was a clean, good football hit. Love him, would be a pro bowler if he didn't get decimated on a return"
You must also have a large penis. I've used System.out.println about 3 times in REAL java development.
that exists? Wyoming. No one ever remembers that one.
You warlocks are always complaining about something! My Skull of the Man'ari looks like a bow
Phoenix's wax sculpture looks so lifelike in this picture. I can't even think of a title for this. It's just hilarious.
American conspiracy to lure Sweden and Finland to NATO. Russia says will retaliate if U.S. weapons stationed on its borders
"Yeah, there wouldn't be massive violence or massacres or anything. I think we need open borders in Israel. Mixing between arabs and jews will allow for the racial and cultural divide between Palestine and Israel to be bridged."
"But but religious freedom ? Why not four spouses for Muslim women too, asks Kerala HC judge"
The guy with the smug hat? One of us at the XGAMES 2015
"They are probably conversing with each other, exchanging strategies in secret from big brother. I had a strange glitch happen while training my Amiibo"
"Even if there are only 21 occurences of RG, the average lvl was probably above 10 hahahaha. Didn't want the list to get too long by including every card, but RG was in 21/100 decks."
I think I forgot to color mine.. They are all still white. Colored friends are the best.
"*That* definitely gives their words more legitimate weight. **Fun fact**: The Daily Kos was the website that started the lie that Elliot Rodger was an MRA, because they couldn't do enough research tell the difference between an ex-PUA and an MRA."
"quality post bruh Today, ten years ago, this masterpiece was released. happy 10th birthday Psychonauts."
"I love that documentary.. Ya, until they adapt. ""life finds a way"". Haven't you guys seen jurassic park."
"Maybe you just haven't noticed it yet. I really don't get it. I have been veg for 12 years, my wife is going on 18 years. Neither of us has ever felt depleted, or undernourished, we both get annual physicals with full labs and are always perfectly healthy. Our kids have NEVER eaten meat and are both well-developed, in the 90th percentile for height, and average to above average in all of their developmental milestones. Their diets are 100% approved and encouraged by our family doctor, who is a regular old licensed GP at a major healthcare conglomerate. Just because you can't manage to feed yourself properly doesn't mean humans need steak to survive. People are idiots."
I'm sure the man is relieved China court finds man executed 21 years ago innocent
"put in a ticket... Weird bug (again) (funny, not broken permanently) I briefly talked about a bug I ran into on 2.11.1, thus keeping me from getting to the epic boss and thus the only thing left in the game to accomplish. (it was that no red/hard battles would actually load correctly and I couldn't fight them) Well, as per some advice, I changed the language and that seems to be fixed. So I continued till the boss fight (it's on normal mode, so I'm 3 birding it), and I get to Morgan Le Fay. The part where Mokk comes in and the story is *supposed* to take over and they battle each other till the end. But it DOESN'T end. I bring along White Tiger, cuz why not, and she proceeds to show everyone what happens when devs get cut off and they put out an *actual* super hero. This happens with Morgan too and she gets pwn'd so bad the game breaks. Perhaps it wasn't that, maybe it was when Mokk came in and White Tiger continues to layeth the smack down on their candy asses. **OOPS** Mokk seems to have been permanently killed, even tho he keeps TRYING to come back (some debuff pops on him and he just fades away). And Morgan is obsessed with not going lower than 142HP and hitting herself. I have sat and recharged as well as hit her myself, for dozens of minutes, but it's of no use. **SHE HAS FOUND THE KEY TO IMMORTALITY**."
"Glad we users are always the best antimalware There are still 200,000 new malware samples every day and cyber-attacks are showing they are more dangerous than ever"
"Not to mention that SAO is the best one out there and Kirito is the real black swordsman, not the other lame guy, what was his name, Bowels? There are precisely four anime series that are not trash."
"Even skinny neckbeards. ""Fedora's can make anything seem badass."""
"But that's not capitalism... Exactly. I find it inexcusable to ask people to give up their only free time to work. You work to live, you don't live to work."
"Yeah, thoughtful, well articulated arguments like this we ill definitely prove to people that you're the guy they should be listening to. Fuck Bernie Sanders and his socialism"
"You have their address... Send them a box of shit after you've eaten Taco Bell Ugh ebay can be such a frustrating place Had a guy purchase a shock without checking his make/model or messaging me for fitment. Pays his $22, shipping included, and I mail it. He receives it and it doesn't fit. Immediately sends me ""omg wtf you've ruined my life!??&amp;&amp;78!))89"" message and I offer to refund him (though it's his mistake). I ask him for his year and model and then look up the part number he actually needed. He then leaves me negative feedback. My first! I guess I knew it was coming eventually but it still stings since I did everything I could for this unreasonable buyer. I called ebay but of course they're of no help. Thanks for letting me vent. How do you shake off these transactions where the person is just wrong/unreasonable/rude/terrible?"
What else did you expect from whisper? Way to go off topic I suppose!
I'm scared of Batman not his nancy sideDick You wanna go shitlord?
"Most value card in the game, duh I gotta ask, of all the cards, why did you choose to print a Wisp ? :p"
"I can see why they would find that wholly unimportant in the grand scheme of things. This same thing happened with Clap-Gate two weeks ago. The tweets and sound bytes made it sound like he was just rambling and complaining about MSU cheating. He was specifically asked ""Why were there snap issues?"", but apparently that wasn't worth pointing out."
You sound like a very intelligent person and have used a lot of cracks before. VIORUS DONT DL
Dont take any of his statements as straightup factuall The secret to a happy relationship ... trust your gut.. don't take any of his statements as straight up factual. He is spending time with this female friend and there is likely more to it than what you even would suspect. Greg is playing with the other woman I'd bet money on it.
Like Phil Simms the commentating legend Like the groundhog Phil??
wow good thing inferno is in the competitive pool Interesting inferno boiler solo boost
"Would you be saying the same if the refresh updated the glowing logo to be RGB? Old-timer here. When the glowing logo was first introduced on the PowerBook G3, it felt like we were all evangelicals. It was amazing to have a glowing logo to scream at the world that you were a Mac user, usually the only one in the room, in defiance of the Windows world. We'd spent a decade getting pushed around by our IT guys, paying more for software, and taking the brunt of jokes in the tech community. The glowing logo was a fist of resistance raised high in the air, and it was glorious. Times have changed, and now it's a rare in many places to see many laptops in public that aren't MacBooks. I no longer go out of my way to evangelize Apple products like I did in the 90s when it felt like the whole Mac universe was resting on the shoulders of a small community of devoted fans. So yeah, go ahead and turn off the glow. It's served it's purpose."
I thought they were russians... Doesn't that tell you it was always run by Israeli agents? Not like it suddenly changed.
U red a post on redit What the fuck did I read exactly
"yeah, they'll never earn a hundred bucks to stand in a crown again. Well, there goes that extra's career."
"This is actually the revival issue of Pravda, where not only is the news censored and edited but the pictures are now too. This is my today's newspaper"
"Maybe you should try downloading more ram. I'm laggjng really bad in smite despite the fact that I have 90Mbps internet. I get my internet through my school, which means I plug into the Ethernet ports in my apartment and get free 90Mbps internet. It is absolutely perfect everywhere but smite. Some games it's fine and my ping is perfect, and then usually after an hour or two of play the lag starts and does not go away. My ping shoots up to 200-250 and I begin warping around often. Can anyone help me identify what might be causing this? I hate becoming the weak link in a conquest game just because I start lagging for seemingly no reason half way through..."
"kina uppfann faktiskt mycket inan eroperna. Mingdynastin, jo tjena.."
"AP Alistar is godlike in mid now, didnt you catch the memo? I love when people mention zorozero. This guy hasnt played competetive since season 3 but everyone keeps fucking circlejerking his name. Zoro probably sits doing his own thing, checking reddit from time to time and laughing how he keeps being mentioned for absolutely no reason. Lets bring fucking shushei back, he was a great player in s1."
"The texture of the stone you start on is unique maybe? Name one new, original idea Black Desert has."
"Progenitus obviously Strange shape in sky of SOI trailer, what is it?"
"Yeah, I would totally use that power to not ask this question on the Internet. Well, if YOU could do it, I already know you wouldn't post this post on the second time through."
"But then they wouldn't be able to pay out bank for all the Boeing and Lockheed shareholders, and that would be terrible! SpaceX is having a real effect on the orbital launch market. Can't wait to see ULA's reaction when SpaceX will finally start launching DOD satellites. I suspect they have plenty of room for ""adjusting"" prices."
"You think it's funny because you're a damn dirty misogynist. I just think the ""How can she slap?"" is funny. It's still on repeat in my head."
"Gotta love the horseshoe theory. Just this year in Canadian civics class I was told that the political spectrum is a circle where the far left and right are basically the same, and that both result in dictatorship. Also that they are the opposite of democracy."
I've heard they'll put the Vashj'ir raid in for 5.3 The big surprise will be that 5.3 is the final patch and they scrapped the Orgrimmar raid tier.
"Please don't victim blame. ""Don't walk into moving traffic"" How fucking stupid are people. What exactly did this lady THINK was going to happen? She deserved this, plain old Darwin in action."
"I'm going to go ahead and blame this on the capabilities of last gen consoles. Why isn't there a spawn animation with hearts?! Like the Flight of Shadows on Halloween that spawns bats, but instead of bats, Hearts!"
Heaven forbid someone doesn't like bacon. Reddit loves hating vegans no matter what. They simply can't stand that other people have different dietary choices than them.
"Oh, central planning like: * WW2 * Social Security * Medicare * Medicaid * The GI Bill All *huge* failures for central planning! Do you realize how many government programs promise benefits in the future, and never reach them? Do you realize how many times I've heard that line in my life? Do you realize that central planning has failed every time it has been tried?"
"Because, you see Trump is high value which means the girl actually enjoyed the rape. That's different because."
But what if I have to talk to actual people? A future where you sit at home all day and never leave? Sounds like a bummer to me.
"If you stick clip a route, can you call it a lead ascent, considering you toprope the first moves? Stick clip for sport climbing? Just curious as to how many of you sport climbers use a stick clip for the first bolt when you first start a route. One guy I went to Muir Valley (RRG area) with brought one and it seemed very helpful because most of the routes we climbed had some tough starts on them."
"too much oval campaigning I'm not really surprised 3 is a no, but I *am* surprised at the enormous margin."
Frodo is in a coma and its all in its head. What are your crazy LOTR theories? Or about any of Tolkien's universe...
"ofc they would lets go xx post it Really? You think the sub that this was x-posted from, which is mentioned in the title, might like it?"
"Stop reading fake news! Its a ""shocker"" to the media that the Clinton Foundation donations dried up after Hillary lost- Are you FUCKING STUPID? Because their donor's aren't. Obviously there's no reason to pay-to-play if she's not playing. What did you think, it was an actual charity? AHAHA"
"I remember when they let Germany suffer, that turned out well. Europe's Original Sin: European Governments Repeatedly Turned A Blind Eye To Greece's Soaring Debt For Nearly 10 Years"
"no, out of seventy million players you are the only one cngratulations! Does anyone else feel like project yasuo's auto attack is slower/clunky than the default? My friend gifted me the project yasuo skin because he is one of my favorite characters to play, but the AA seemed very off and it seemed to be slower than the default."
"Yeah, fuck them for playing that class I don't like. i don't get hunters that play in casual. like you have a daily for hunter wins? sure go ahead but there can't be that many which means that people are tryharding in casual and i don't want to build my decks specifically to counter hunter and get rekt by everything else."
"Nah fuck historical accuracy, diversity is more important. I don't think Assassin's Creed Syndicate is any better at portraying diverse characters. Only because I don't think there is a problem with the series to begin with. AC Unity, Black flag and Rogue all did pretty well in portraying diverse characters in their respective historical contexts."
"His father ain't The Admiral, though. But Dobbs is studying aerospace engineering. Doesn't that count for something?"
"Yeah, it's not like people bring it up in every fucking Burzum or black metal thread on here, right? I feel like people forget that he is crazy"
How do you install Civ 5 on the Wii? I haven't changed my flair for some time :P Changing now.
Oh yeah the super magical and magical chests mean nothing But it's only a silver chest...
"Only in Tamil Nadu Tamil Magazine : Kumudam Reporter front page "" Leggings are obscene"""
"Awww, police think they're people. Cops should stop interacting with black children!"
"Holy shit, some of them look like regular people! Chechens aren't ""brown dudes"""
Bruce back in KISS confirmed! Bruce Kulick played the National Anthem this past weekend at the LA KISS game (Saturday May 28th)
She would if only Sanders would stop spoiling the race! If only Hillary would stop embezzling the funds for those down ballot races...
Some Muslim men cover their faces with facial hair Honest questions- Why dont the muslim men cover their faces as well? And Why this practice of covering of faces by the womenfolk?
"They soon will be if these Muslim terrorists keep taking their jobs! Last I checked, they aren't full to max capacity yet."
"How does one split many things into one? Instead of your single share splitting into many shares, your many shares split into a single share. Kind of like Voltron, but with share certificates, and less gravitas."
"That must work just wonderfully for you above rank 10 Meh. 3/4ths of the time I assume I'm gonna be facing aggro, just on the off chance that this IS actually a Face Warrior."
Dropped this: Clearly you haven't been keeping am eye on the polls. He's losing.
Rosa Parks only sat in the seat once... MLK only gave the speech once... We only killed Hitler once... you're right. let's just mention it once then give up i'm pretty sure everyone in history that wanted something to change kept at it with protests and petitions and everything else until the desired result was achieved
"I'm sure Christie privatizing the waterways will make this fight much easier. New Jersey fighting rise in water tainted by common chemical used in the manufacture of stain-resistant carpets, waterproof clothing, non-stick cooking pans and other products that make life less messy."
"In this decade its known as ""Gainz""....Bro! Isn't that just... being fat?"
"but they have Andrew Luck so they are automatically a top 10 team by default. The Colts play the Texans, Jaguars, and Titans 6x/year and nobody raises an eyebrow."
"""GOSH IT'S LIKE THEY HAVE NO SENSE OF HUMOR ISN'T IT GUYS?!"" I told this in my feminist studies class... Didn't go so well."
Ray got his own tv channel? It's also on El Ray
"Yea, he looked real pissed. Just in case you didn't know my dear, it was an Israeli-soldier pointing his gun by anger towards the Palestinians."
[Ask either which way the other one would tell you to go and go the opposite way] I give up.
"The Calgary players may not be pricks but calgarians are! Tkachuk seems like a prick and yet I think he'll be an absolutely perfect fit in Calgary. Not because Calgary players are pricks, more like they'd have tolerance for one. Meanwhile they needed a skilled LW. Look at what Gaudreau and Monahan did for Hudler."
"Because everyone has unlimited minutes, right? Cool for tablets, but completely unnecessary for phones."
"Can confirm, he was a freeloader in Hilltophoods this map maybe just cuz im a pussy freeloader, but If I had to grind p4 unbr3 I might kill myself"
"Imagine if that was true. Yeah, because the thing is ~ ""Oh, I'm a kid, I want to hang out with Funtime Freddy! He's the best!"" ""Wait, hold on, gotta climb through these vents."" ""And through the security offices"""
But Bernie lost fair and square right guys? And once again it's only bad because she got caught. How many top Democrats have to be caught before we know the system is fucked up.
"Wait, you're telling me that the majority of my taxes don't go towards lazy people getting free shit? It's the result of a decades long marketing campaign against social welfare in this county. It's only amplified by social media. I see these totally fake stories all the time of supposed conversations people are having. It's like right wing porn."
While he is in town - maybe he can stop by the Guyer clinic and they can prescribe something for it. Ryan Tannehill found blood in urine after the game vs. Indianapolis
"Quick, everyone downvote this because it adds to the coversation. Didn't even think of that. They have those forehead strap things for gopro cameras that has the camera rest on the side of your head at the same hight as your eyes. They could use those."
At least they didn't elect no terrorist into the white house How in the hell can anyone vote Republican? They literally promise to fuck people over
"What more could he possibly have done? If at first you don't succeed, add a compliment and ask the exact same thing again!"
"Somebody at riot prefer Dildos before math, that's not so crazy I mean, the club name ""Dildo"" was allowed, so I'm not sure why calculus wasn't..."
"Don't be foolish - our real problems start with anything remotely un-American, namely: Black Lives Matter, helping refugees, allowing Muslims into the US, treating non-whites as human beings, etc. It's about time the Feds started doing something about these criminals."
"Oh yeah, it's so 'merican I like the kancolle ""Pacific"" versions of the shipgirls myself but they make too much sense for a Japanese artist to take inspiration from. Huge breasts, skimpy clothes and blonde hair for everyone!"
Christ get off the internet grandpa I'm afraid it's worse than that for me. I was in my early 20's...
That's unexpected I always thought they blocked all sites on whims of politicians! Plot twist: Google changes the ratings based on credible threats and adjusts them as threats come and go using an automated threat detection algorithm
"Pop just didn't want to draw attention to our season, that's why he made us lose. Including their loss to the Jazz tonight, the Spurs have never, in the history of their franchise, started a season 5-0."
"Name the first Anti-American Commie Fascist Atheist Muslim Kenyan president That answer is ""Barack Obama"". What is the question?"
"Yeah, poor countries are so *whiny*. I'd be shocked if 5% of Episcopalians stated that membership in a global Anglican Communion is important to them. It's like the United Nations of Englishy churches: it costs a lot of money, has no binding authority on any matter of substance, and exists mostly for a bloc of poorer countries to bitch about imperialism and decadent Western values."
Real men are attracted to curves! ...but....women....muh curves...JUST SHUT UP YOU FAT SHAMING NECK BEARD!!!
"Guns don't kill people, Obama kills people. Scott Walker links recent police killings to Obama"
"You have an irrefutable argument, surely. That image is obviously a Venn diagram and the author of this article is an idiot."
So 8.woof GHz right? it runs at 4x2.woof GHz
"I guess something may be seriously wrong with me too; 28, 20 lbs overweight and insulin resistant. I don't quite get what you mean by ""something really fucked up with you"", in any case it's not exactly a helpful comment ;) Comparatively slim people can be insulin resistant. I have a friend who runs marathons and looks like a model but she, too, is insulin resistant. But yeah, I'll definitely give keto more time, I just wanted to know if anyone had any experiences regarding the first few weeks off metformin while ON keto :)"
"Claramente eles estavam vendendo latas de refrigerante com 500ml, ela tava no lucro. Como assim ""mais refrigerante""?"
"But guys, I thought Kyrie was barely a top 5 point guard? Cavs beat Spurs in an OT thriller, 128-125."
"All the Jews that could pay there way out of Germany had capital meaning the Jews as a race got richer, think of all the good Hitler did Also, I'm not saying the holocaust was a good thing... But the Jews and Jewesses who were most physically fit survived and passed on their fit genes. So it may actually have been a blessing in disguise. Again, not anti-Semitic. Just something to think about."
"Hey man, we all got our playoff superstitions! Some idiot fans think it's worth it. They feel like they helped win the game if they win."
"No, you're right, a multi-billionaire real estate mogul is not at all beholden to large banks. Except in this case that's not what's going on: Trump, while he appointed Goldman Sachs members, is not *dependent* on them to nearly the same scale at all as is Clinton."
"As a sovereign citizen of the land you don't have to pay anything, you just need to remember to say ""I don't wish to create joinder with you"" to any state officials. Is There A Law That Says You Must Pay A Tax For Your Labour In New Zealand ? If so what is the law ? Also if there is one , what kind of people would it apply to ? like people who work at maccas , people who work as builders , people who have their on building company ? Im just curious"
So glad to be one of the lucky few It happened to me yesterday before 2.3 went live. Im pretty sure I saw a blue post on blizz forums saying they were looking into it but have been unable to replicate the bug.
"you forgot your Global warming, amirite?"
"Then you're wrong, and don't deserve to use any video editing software! But, but...I like FCPX :("
"Project M is starting to understand. MvC is having issues more with Disney than Capcom, it'd be like Miyamoto strangling his IPs from Smash and saying they will be no more Smash. MvC is literally dead."
Not to mention the rest of the information is just coloured dots! The transaction sorting defaults to amount and sorting by the dates doesn't sort chronologically
Rightfully so! I was killed for saying pluto wasn't a planet.
I would not stop there - what about a `!important-index(1)` .class{ z-index: 999 !important-index(1); } .important{ z-index: 999999 !important-index(99999999); } This would be fantastic! I always though there should be a `!super-important` modifier for rules
"Society would be objectively better off without retards and cripples. ""I'm not even sure I remember why free speech was a good thing in the first place. Really, what's the point? Whenever someone appeals to ""free speech"", it's always to protect something blatantly immoral or blatantly false that society would be objectively better off without."""
"Yeah, some ACTUALLY noon friendly heroes include meepo, chen, rubick, and earth spirit he isn't serious, invoker's one of the more difficult characters to play."
"Yeah, it's not like he's actually accomplishing his goal of getting down voted. I wish you would take a arrow to the dick"
Global warming isn't real The North Pole just melted
"Then they DO cause autism! Vaccines. They use the proteins to help the virus Cross the blood membranes. So your body then associates being attacked with that protein, creating this reaction."
He reminds me of the good ol' days in 1930's Germany What do you like about Donald Trump?
you could buy a used Langlitz for $600-$900. $100 would that be enough?
"Yeah, don't you know that crippling trauma is the new black? ""PTSD/trauma babe"" I'm sorry did... Did you just try to make these things sound cute?"
"One major flaw is that other corner. When LeBron James is the closest defender on a shot, shooters have a 26.7% FG%. Lowest in #NBA, min 75 shots."
"Wait.. Why are you taking the elevator in the first place? Fitbit Surge counting elevator climb as a floor climb So I noticed this morning when I got into work that when I took the elevator up my fitbit surge counted it as me walking up stairs. Is there a way to have it know the difference between an elevator and stairs? One more thing, the stairs hallway in my building is locked on the first floor so I have to take the elevator to get to my office."
But I though he wasn't black enough? Nah. Both parents are black. His dad had a light complexion though.
Is saying she has man-hands mean spirited? We have an identity crisis in here re: negativity vs. criticism and it's getting old. Is this not a helpful aid in understanding a key difference between Bernie and Hillary? I'm seriously asking. This is critical but not mean spirited.
...what decent Muslim girl would be seen dead on a basketball court in the first place..? Muslim Basketball Players Urge FIBA To Allow Hijab
"TappOut shirts don't grow on trees,bucko. Great article! I wake up every day very distressed that there are not many jobs in sweatshops sewing together XXXXL statement t-shirts to be sold at Walmart :("
Yes please destroy our history and churches that took centuries to complete. And this is how the genocide happens. In 100 years the Muslim majority government of Westminster will elect to demolish Westminster Cathedral and erect a mega mosque. Praise Allah.
"NO, ME MID! Why? Peenoise always wanted to be mid. AKA ME MID."
"Yep, this franchise sure has has been full of luck over the years. LUCKY VIKINGS LIKE USUAL"
"No, I don't think he's Jewish. Semantics"
He's playing? Thank god they finally got Westerkamp a ball!
"They're just a bunch of sluts, Jesus came here for the perfect people remember? Are Catholic Charities Denying Care To The Most Vulnerable Girls?"
"But he hasn't let up a TD in so long, the streak is still alive too. Antoine Winfield was ranked as the best CB on there for like 3 years in a row. Their rating system is flawed and they only use the game film not ALL-22 to grade players which I don't even see how that's possible to properly grade CBs."
It's for the greater good. ...Leaving only the happy people alive.
It was obviously a pile of shit why?
"But.....women don't act that way.... It's cute until it gets weird. I used to teach middle school, and I had girls show me their underwear, talk about my butt within earshot, give me unsolicited hugs, etc."
"I mean, it appeals to half the demographic so why not? Instead of the skull there should be the black and white troll meme face flashing."
Actually this video just confirms my diagnosis of a classic case of narcissism and schizophrenia. It's nice to see that she can poke fun at herself like that.
Nice title Masculinity in Steven Universe: A Matter of GEMder?
"don't cut yourself on all that edge At this point in time, DC should just allow for Marvel Studios to produce their future films."
I should have put an Thats another player lmao
"Dispite the ""PS4"" logo on the top of the game case, you're clearly correct. Current gen"
*REAL men don't need no manual* MOBO manual has a complete guide.
"Ugh how could I be so stupid thats the uh flasser reticulation arm, OBVIOUSLY..."
This just in the price of a cheese burger has skyrocketed. McDonald's stock is falling after Obama's Call for a $9 Minimum Wage
Sex scene with Bruce What would the best possible post-credits scene in Wonder Woman?
Not as much as facebook prayers The plane probably cost some 200m $. Imagine what the money can do for Africa...
And here I thought communists were atheists. Atheists launch group(movement) to fight for equal rights in Russia
"Yeah that sounds like something he should be arrested over for sure. To be fair, he does say ""all soldiers should DIE &amp; go to HELL!"""
"But...but muh slavic brotherhood Yeah. They think it's okay to enslave the Poles, but not the Russians! The more you learn about the USSR, the more similar to fascism is becomes."
"Cesar gave GSP's gloves a funny look, and security kicked him out of the building immediately. Re-watching the fights - where the hell was Ceasar? Maybe there's some prior method behind it that I don't know about, but why wasn't Ceasar in Nick's corner? I remember he was in Nate's for the Bendo fight. Is he usually there? It seemed like Jake Shields was the main corner-man last night, which struck me as rather odd..."
"Right, sleazyness is totally cool in a president It's sleezy, yes, but not illegal."
Oh I forgot this Those aren't video game soundtracks... Thats just artist music...
"We all know that that shoe is worth $5k Just found out someone has this $5,000 behemoth in my military barracks"
"The tax money was never yours in the first place, right? /me expects that in 5 years there will be a 'tax deduction' if you willingly allow the NSA to access your data. That way they can A) claim the citizens are allowing it and B) manipulate people into complying. Oh yea... you can read 'tax deduction if you comply' as 'extra tax if you choose to opt out', since apparently the courts think that makes things alright."
"Should have one of those stickers on it: ""Made in China"" China unveils new stealth fighter - Second Chengdu J-20 makes its debut"
Yeah well we all know sex is immoral so it's better to have it look like rape for young people so that they don't destroy the holy bond of marriage by premarital sex Sucker Punch originally had a love scene and got R-rated so they changed the scene to make it look like rape. Got a PG-13 rate.
"Yeah, the blockchain isn't a reliable source... And all that VC money isn't public information... And obviously companies like Bitpay and Coinbase are just publishing fake information. Helpfully, all of the things you listed are things for which there are no reliable statistics, meaning nobody can prove you wrong."
"Yeah International football is such a time waste I am extremely excited about this, just enough thigh knack to prevent him from wasting time with England but not enough to seriously hamper playing in the league. Brilliant!"
Clearly it must have been a mistake Do you know how much of a shit show negotiations would be if open to the public? Want to know another document negotiated in secret? The Constitution.
"Stop ruining my unrealistic Hollywood expectations. No, a spy has the common sense to vomit it back up then to shit it out and to have wrapped it in some kind of plastic before hand."
"Yes KOO adapted to the cinderhulk real well. It's almost like KOO and FNC have a similar playstyle, except Koo is in a stronger region *and* are better at adaptation."
"Just blame the gringos. Spanish restaurant vandalised and left with message ""Spics go home"" in Lewisham, London."
Is that what the nursing home is making her say? Apparently My Grandma fell out of bed?
"Erdogan's masterplan is working greatly,fund ISIS and send them to any country who pisses you off One man dead and 11 people injured after jihadist gunmen open fire on tourists as they visit ancient Russian fortress"
"do you know how hard it is nowadays to find slaves to pull my carriage? Religions don't have rights, people do. Expecting her to move because it ""violated his religion"" was his mistake. He should have requested a different seat for himself. The nerve of some people. He just says ""move"" instead of explaining the situation? If you want to live in the 12th century, travel like it."
"Pretty sure it's in the rules that they can only have 2 black actors on screen at one time Nah, just Warmachine helped out. Falcon was at the party though."
"People who care about the environment! And it's a vw, who on earth would rather drive that than a subi"
because religion is a flaw rite? nobody is perfect
"Because the more stuff you throw in the more complicated it is to learn, which is automatically better and means the players are smarter and the strategy is deeper. Yeah, I didn't get the point of having a secret shop."
"Yeah but what about traffic accidents? How terrible. If only we could somehow identify these attacks as virtually all being perpetrated by one group of people in the name of one shared and unifying ideology. If that were true we could really try and do something about it, like for example we could try and slow immigration from areas where this ideology reigned supreme. Think of all the innocent people that could be saved over the next few decades. The lives that wouldn't be ruined. The loved ones lost. But that's just a dream. These attacks were by random people for random reasons with no shared ethos. It's really impossible to untangle their motives and we may never know what drove them to kill. We just have to wait for the next big attack and do what we can for the wounded and maimed and then weep for the dead."
"I would assume so... NIU would never teach outdated material... well shit, hopefully they teach C .NET, i don't think they would teach visual basic."
"Must be some good pineapple for $32. If they did self-checkout, they'd learn, sooner or later. I once rang up a pineapple - plain, off the shelf pineapple - and it came up $32.00. Expression on my face must have been interesting, because the guy minding self-checkout came right over. He rung it up, same thing happened, so he fixed my tab and let me have it for free. One of the many reasons I'm loyal to that store."
"Terrorist activities do include posing for pictures with members of the opposition party and posting them on your Facebook. Canada's principal intelligence agency, routinely transmits to U.S. authorities the names and personal details of Canadian citizens who are suspected of, but not charged with, what the agency refers to as ""terrorist-related activity."""
"send Eberle and we can call it a deal or Schultz Can you somehow find a way for Fedo to end up in Edmonton? Not that we need him, but having a Ukrainian on the team would be amazing, and he would instantly be a fan favorite for 10% of the city."
but Ghost slashed him first. Caps fans should remember it was Chimera that started the shitshow here before bitching about Flyers getting even.
"And that's totally the norm. The one time I got high, there was a 3 second delay between what was going on and my ability to respond. Apparently, my friend decided to start me off with a 12% concentrate. I was fucked up for like 2 days."
Wow.. It's almost as if he's a human with feelings and thoughts and not just a mindless drone. I know he's a Scientologist and all but he seems to be a really nice guy
"Oh man, fuck you and your Westy 12 Everyone needs a good beer and good EDC's"
"Good thing he didn't do something taken seriously in this city like run a red-light camera. Girl alleges she was sexually abused when 7, Winnipeg police sit on arrest warrant for 18 months --- charges dismissed!"
You forgot the There's no need to cry at all. There is a pretty big difference between working for low wages in a free country and working for the glory of a despot in an unfree country.
"You make some good points, I mean I run around with a swastika flag cause it doesn't mean nazi's to me but for some reason people get all offended and such, why can't they just understand it means some thing diffrent to me? Northerner here. Flag's are symbols of what people make them. I don't see anyone running around with a confederate battle flag screaming racism anymore. It doesn't mean that today. If the people want it off government building, so be it. But you say ""nobody's trying to outlaw the damn flag"". Someone clearly is. Look at this kind of pointless outcry. And as far as education. It's not about rebelling or wanting to stay stupid. It's about maintaining a sense of control over your own community. What do you know about my educational needs where I live? Generalization is not always a good thing. In the end, I support the ""cause"" of the ""rebels"". It's not so much a rebellion, though, moreso independence. I want as little people possible telling me how to run my life and as much say in it as I can. I'm sad that you want your life guided by people who may not necessarily have your best interest at heart, but as for me, I'll do my thing as I see fit as long as I'm not dead."
You mean changing your profile picture and using the hashtag #NoTPPA *doesn't* make a difference? Yes but they're not the ones cluttering facebook with their statuses and profile pics.
I hope you dropped this: Sounds lovely
You're blatantly wrong sir; my ethnicity is the direct cause of my inability to manage my money! There are two parts to this
"Wrong tread, this is not about jnu Ashleel launde and laundiya."
bussian rias i really love this tank haha
"but das racist! No, it absolutely isn't. There's a certain way of writing that is expected in academic contexts. For example, I don't often speak using both the past tense and passive voice, but that how scientific papers are expected to be written. Regardless of how you speak, you have to meet the expectations of the assignment when it comes to writing."
"But we created fast food so we are obviously fatter. I'm sure you've already gotten this, but you realize that globally ALL first world countries are in horrible shape right? Almost statistically equivalent global shape..."
Yeah it's not like people make tons of accounts for no reason anyway Rito is being an ass to Facebook by telling people it's fine to disregard their ToS.
"That's probably because they are made of marble, real life Trajan wasn't made of marble. He was from Hispania, right? I've seen many really light skinned Spanish people. Also, all of the surviving statues of him show him as very light skinned."
That's a big breakfast! Mike Evans has been working out this summer.
That's why there were no ethnic tensions in the Soviet Union Communists don't support racial nationalism and are staunchly in favor of egalitarianism for all races.
kevin durants 150 dollar shoes What kicks should I get?
"BECAUSE BIG GOVERNMENT CAN'T TELL ME TO DO SOMETHING THAT I SHOULD BE DOING ANYWAY HMPH! why not just have compulsory voting like we do in Australia? yeah theres a few people who cry that *have to* vote, however at least when someone complains about the current government, you can ask who they voted for, and you can tell them to stfu if their voted party is in power :)"
why not repost it so everyone who missed it an hour ago has a second chance? THIS IS ALREADY ON THE FRONT.
Uhm... how'd he get that approved in DTS? Donald Trump Sent the U.S. Government a $32 Million Bill For His D.C. Hotel
"September's less talented half-brother called, he wants his cartoon back Keep your eyes on the screen"
"What about the 101st Airborne? Growing up in the Army as a Paratrooper is a very unique experience that will remain with you for the rest of your life. There are Airborne units scattered all over the place, especially if you count TRADOC and SOC units but the primaries are Fort Bragg, NC, Alaska and Italy. I can't remember if Hawaii still has an Airborne unit or if they moved them to Alaska... either way, you can ALWAYS get an OCONUS assignment at a later point. You won't always be able to go Airborne and spend your youth feeling like a badass when you get to exit and aircraft and do your job. Being Airborne can also open the door to other opportunities such as schools or other high speed training that will come your way if you apply yourself! It's not always going to be fun... you are going to hate it sometimes and I hope you like running/rucking... if not, get good at it! Being a Paratrooper mean living out of your ruck and learning to be as expedient as possible. Good luck!"
\#rekt you destroyed him now how is he ever going to go on with his life I GIVE YOU A POINT HAHhahahahaha I hope you served
"It was all a bunch of women conspiring against Bill Cosby too, because all any woman really wants to do in life is lie about being raped and get away with it Call it what you want. The fact is there are multiple women with similar stories coming forward. It's a little hard to ignore the implications at that point."
"""mutually agreed upon to be moved to a later date"" yeah, sure Malacanang statement on cancelled meeting between Duterte and Obama"
"But it brings awareness, which is as good as money. Not if the people doing the challenge aren't actually donating any money."
"BUT TANKS ALSO CLICK TO SHOOT ! Is it really all that bad to hate broken RNG devices, though?"
"BUT ALL HUMAN LIFE IS SACRED You realize that cops also shoot people that deserve to be shot too, correct?"
"Yes, also explain all other strategy you're going to use on her Is is a bad idea to tell my girlfriend what a shit test is? Last night we were talking before bed right after having sex and I told her I missed her since I haven't seen her over the weekend or much last week. She asked if I actually missed her or if I missed having sex with her. I was annoyed and without thinking said ""knock it off, I'm not gonna put up with your shit tests especially in response to affection."" Right after I said it I wasn't sure if it was still a good idea so when she asked I said never mind go to sleep, which she did. But now I'm wondering if I should? I feel like it would be convenient to be able to say that but also might make her smarter about them."
We should review it and then have the fans decide. Give me one reason goalie interference isn't reviewable. Be a devil's advocate. One honest to god reason how goalie interference being unreviewable is good for the game.
Because he's an unprecedented deep threat Why did we throw to Cole Wick deep
He just wanted to do some plumbing work. Police say now they found 6 pipe bombs total... Could have been a massacre...
"No, because property norms are inherent and objective parts of reality By this chart though, they're fascists, wanting to force people to obey arbitrary property norms and all. That doesn't even get into H.H. Hoppe-style shit."
"Kat, quit being a bitch and people will have lunch with you I'm still waiting for something to show up on Groupon worth redeeming. A couple of restaurant things looked ok but I work from home and tend to eat out by myself once or twice a week.. The restaurant groupons tend to be ""hey, you have to spend this all at one time"". So there is no way I can eat $40 worth of food for lunch in one sitting. The funny thing is that I would have been a repeat customer if I didn't have to use the whole groupon in one sitting."
"you dropped your Women make up slightly more than half of the population, it's a big fucking deal."
"idk...I'd argue planting a tree 9 years ago would've been better than starting now... The best time to plant a tree was 10 years ago, the second best time is now."
"Nope, live Pts?"
"I laughed when OW as original game cause god knows its a copy of paladins Also Deus Ex best RPG??, OW best Original Game? BF1 is original? Tom Clancy too? NMS gets votes? Also what you mentioned lol"
He had a paper cut on his little finger bruh... How embellished could a condition be that they flew him back to Korea to get medical treatment and he was in the hospital for the first playoff series against world elite?
THANKS OBAMA Created by Obama!
"Because people totally play Pokemon for the graphics. Did the frame rate problems with XY and ORAS effect the game for you? Obviously when you play with no 3D on, the games all run flawlessly, but sadly when you get deep into the game and turn 3D on during battles or some 3d enabled environments, the frames took massive hits, making the battles skip around with lag. Did this hurt the experience for you, or did having the 3D options off to avoid these frame issues keep the experience reasonable? For me I didn't care about 3D in the game, but at the same time its a nice feature, but for me I just see it as unusable with how poorly it runs. Not sure if the optimization was just bad, or they don't want to sacrifice the graphics for the 3d effects, but I definitely wouldn't mind it being fixed up in sun and moon."
She's so OP when trained that she's a level higher than everyone else I was looking at the FE6 character sprites and noticed that Wendy was completely separated from the rest of the playable cast
They have October. But what about the women??
That's a Subaru not a dodge really really ridiculously good looking
I love mounting my gpu vertical so I can see it the most too! That struggle when you have R9 290X
"Saskatchewan If there was a Disney Park in Canada, where would it be and what would it be called?"
"*Almost*, it's a good thing that doesn't really happen. It's almost like people in mourning might be going through a difficult time which makes social grace less of a priority."
"Welp, cancelling pre-order, worst game ever No"
"Only 41 stars in the sky though, missed opportunity. Interesting front-page"
Earthworm? I was thinking threadworm maybe?
"Because penis makes people evil. (Spoilers) Question about Raising Gazorpazorp S1 So, I was randomly thinking that if Morty was the father of a Gazorpazorpian, and the mother was one of the intelligent, empathetic ones, why did his son have the feeling to dominate and hurt things? Is it instinctual, or are the women carriers of the genetic tendency? You would think that the mixture of mild-mannered Morty and an empathetic female would have a relatively sensitive child. Probably overthinking it, but entertain me and yourself by responding."
"As long those African countries aren't gay. Qatar is sending all of their stadiums to poor African countries after using them, I think."
"Looking for the I'm sure some do. But for international and global conferences like this, sometimes you just can't. And due to physics, sometimes one plane stopping multiple places to pick up people actually costs *more* gas and emissions than taking two or three planes for the whole trip. As takeoff, climb and descent are the least efficient parts of flying."
"3 GMs in the top 10, talk about a pay off Car &amp; Driver's 2017 10Best Winners Announced"
"TOTALLY NOT ESPIONAGE Former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden used login credentials and passwords provided unwittingly by colleagues at a spy base in Hawaii to access some of the classified material he leaked to the media, sources said."
"Why should gargoyles be able to die, it's Visage's ult for Christ's sake Visage Gargoyles are just fine"
"Yeah, so let's just let it die off and ignore its existence to halt the momentum of any revival efforts. Cornish is basically dead."
Tits prime still better have peekable booty or I'm not gonna buy the PA and create several threads asking for a Saryn [booty] Buff There's only one reason why DE hasn't given us a Saryn Prime Teaser yet. They gave her a cup downgrade and they don't want us to riot.
"Oh ya the Feds will definitely get right on that Michele Bachmann still won't pay staff, so staff rats her out to the feds"
"But wait, I thought Obama was only elected because he was black! I believe Obama being black moved 4% of the vote from himself to McCain."
Not gonna get tired of dat windows movie maker Geoff's most underappreciated moment of 2013
Only the most upstanding individuals commit fraud. Is committing fraud not a bad thing?
"Mariota to 49ers rumors engaged Adam Schefter on Twitter: ""Titans are hiring HC Mike Mularkey, sources told ESPN."""
Weeds Which television show has the best theme song?
"Nice try, fake ex-moose. Lmao, what? First of all, people may write whatever they want to- and these folks that come here to talk that nonsense are usually downvoted to hell (if such a place exists). Besides, don't write off being killed by your family as anti-Muslim propaganda perpetrated by these white-supremacists. I *know* for a fact that I may very well face death if my parents ever found out! That's extremely ignorant of you. Ex-Muslims aren't a homogenous group that experience exactly the same things."
"I know when I see human rights violations, I'm super casual about it. And even if it were somewhere renowned for civil unrest, the natural flow of the conversation would be more along the line of, ""GTFO bro!"" and, ""My name is Robinson, I have family in Switzerland, tell my family I love them! Tell my brother I forgive him for...."" ...rather than, ""Do you think the guy supposedly about to die horribly might be scared? Hmm. Why might he be scared?"" X("
Didn't see that coming. Desert Tech MDR Update 9-2-2016
"I totally see trump doing this. George W. Bush, dressed as Santa, visiting children in hospital. Secret Service dressed as elves."
"Shame on me for letting my girlfriend of 11 years pay the bills your let your girlfriend who you are not even married to control your finances? Hopefully it doesn't go south, but if it does, you can kiss your girlfriend and your money goodbye."
"Yeah all those pads and helmets are real tough! Soccer is only important when it's time to fight other countries with it, otherwise it's a sport for fruity lala men that aren't tough enough for real football! Murica!"
"Remember everyone, it's all a big scam, no work is being done, sky is falling and so on Star Marine VFX Pass Sample"
"We get it, you smoke. apple ismoke sticker I made for my macbook"
Still too blocky. Counter Strike through the years
My Rift is safely stored in Oculus warehouse. How is everyone going to safely store their rift?
Who needs proof when all you need is faith Religious logic explained at its finest.
Security feature like electric fence That doesn't seem right..
Fuccbois always classy Found a pic of Pussy Nigga I haven't seen before
"Please remove the wax and repost with arrows. Friend left a candle burning on top of her PC. Arrows were put on by her, sadly I don't have a clean image to upload."
"Gee, now that I've seen my heroes in my favorite TV shows torture the bad guys and see how the ends clearly justify the means I guess it isn't so bad if the government does it too! More fucking torture scenes. I am so sick of torture scenes on television it isn't even funny. I want to torture all the writers who write torture scenes."
How can the word of God possibly be flawed? What bothers me most about using the bible or koran as any type of ethical or moral guide is that it was written 2000 years ago. Of COURSE it's going to be seriously flawed.
"Lol, as if that would ever happen. Or metric to imperial"
Creationism What is something that isn't taught in schools that you feel should be?
"Sorry, I forgot my Art only exists within the confines of ANYONE'S opinion. But generically, referring to musicians as artists is a correct use of the word."
"That's why when you're super paranoid, you type it into the safari URL bar the copy paste it into imessage, so easy! You can turn off the feature that shows read receipts, but I do not believe it is possible to turn off the ""..."" that appears when you are typing a message."
But white people can't be discriminated against! Pretty much proof that they are discriminating based on race are are in violation of the civil rights act.
you forgot the She is the most qualified person in history to run for office.
"Great job preparing for this Oculus! Minutes, not hours."
"Oh good, the current building was getting old University of Cincinnati has selected Cincinnati-based architecture firm, KZF Design, as its architect for the $100M, new Carl H. Lindner College of Business building."
"something something doesn't leave room for skimming off the top! One company I'm considering applying for, Butler I think it was, apparently deposits your pay based on loads. As soon as you scan in your BOL they process payment and you usually see it in your bank the next day. THAT'S how a company should do it."
Fake it till you make it bro I feel like you are also lying to her about who you are and your personality too...
Zuko is the worst one. The type that is absolutely obsessed with honour. It's very common because Japan and I can't relate to it at all.
"Yeah, everyone who plays ironman just for fun is playing it wrong No, Ironmen are about competition with others. If you want a personal achievement you can do that just fine on a regular account. If you want to prove it and show off that you did it, ironman or no proof. There's plenty of people who completed the ironman challenge before ironman existed and they all know they did it. But without doing it as an ironman they have no way to show off that they did it, what they did was as a personal achievement not for competitive reasons."
"I think you dropped this; Alright, let's start votekicking off incompetent players, instead of, you know, actually teaching them. Surely this would allow our team to perform better."
Breathing up all the white cats air with their big noses and lazy
you forgot the we're mad that you're staying with such a selfish man. you should leave him immediately.
Well she's a woman so she's obviously lying. Or the fact she's said she's a she multiple times :P
I'm hoping you dropped this It was probably a female bricklayer on her period. idk why women are allowed to have jobs when they're so emotionally unstable
"Yeah, why doesn't he just go ahead and sell trump tower while he's at it?... Of course, the difference is that we've never had a president-elect living in the middle of Manhattan. Another president-elect might just go ahead and sell the apartment, so the Secret Service and NYPD won't have to spend a ridiculous amount of money inconveniencing millions of people for for years."
"oh boy, playing Jordas Verdict has never been so fun! A notice for DE: New Archwing is still terrible and how an optional orientation lock would fix almost everything. Most significantly, there is way too much intertia, and we need a ""Lock orientation"" option in the control settings. I just optimistically attempted an archwing alert and I can't even put my feelings into words but I literally cannot play it because I don't know where anything is. Not the enemies, because orientation is fucked, and not myself, because I drift like a wet rabbit on an ice rink. I'm not a person who gets nauseous playing freeflight games. I play Elite: Dangerous a lot and I love it. The problem is that Warframe is all about a lone wolf or a small team VS many, many enemies, not one-on-one dogfighting, and 6 degrees of freedom mean you can't keep track of enemies. You engage one, destroy them, and then have to spend precious seconds relocating an enemy you already noticed. It bogs down the whole experience, leaves you vulnerable, and generally makes archwing the worst, absolute worst part of the game. I don't understand how this nonsense ever got approved for release. It might be a neat idea on paper, but in execution it's both badly done, and doesn't fit in with the pace and theme of the game itself in general. **PLEASE, for the love of all that is sacred, PLEASE. An orientation lock setting.**"
All the pretty things. Did you ask for the overwhelming and obvious evidence? I'd like to know what it is.
"Because everyone can predict down to the second what will happen to them so they can plan everything perfectly Don't shit out children you can't pay for. I know, not leeching off others is a foreign concept to the Sanders crowd. It's not just ""*Da bankers on Wull Street*"" who are shiftless bums."
"Well, I've *basically* already sold my soul to them whats else to lose? All Apple sees is, ""I'm still pre-ordering on friday."""
"You clearly didn't understand what he was asking... It's one of those posts that gets top billing to the monthly 'what is the most bizarre question a man has ever asked here' question. But no, generally when you imply a group of people are indeed not people, they tend not to take it well."
"Yup, cuz this is representative of everything else they've written. Just another reason for me to thoroughly enjoy Periphery without any vocals."
"People do get a little bitter when you re-iterate what you did to their mom The salt is strong tonight! Anyone else experiencing a higher than usual amount of salt from quickmatch teammates? I've only done 4 games tonight and I've just had ping spam, bm, and afk-ing left and right. Sweet Slapathur have mercy!"
"You're right, the part of the American justice system that manages copy right is also the same people who deploy the army and handle foreign policy This definitely needs to be a priority! I mean it's not like we have theocrats running around chopping people's heads off or anything.. fuck off America"
"Brett Favre could do it, I guess Peyton just isn't elite enough. So is winning superbowls and breaking passing records, yet you used Eli as an example. Are you suggesting Peyton passed the ball to himself for TDs?"
"So, they gave Obama a pass - what a coincidence and not liberal media bias at all no, obama was boring so every sketch about him was boring. here's what snl does... gerald ford fell once? gerald ford falls in every sketch. ronald reagan is old? ronald reagan is super old in every sketch. george bush speaks in a measured tone? george bush says ""wouldn't be prudent"" in every sketch. bill clinton pre lewinski ate fast food? he's shoving it in his mouth in every sketch. bill clinton post lewinski? he wants to fuck everything that moves. george w bush mispronounces words? he's an idiot. obama is boring? his sketches are boring. donald trump has never held political office before and shitposts? gee, i wonder what they're going hit on to satirize him..."
"Fine, we'll throw in Avisail too Riiiiight."
"yeah cause were gonna max him. Bobby Marks: ""Sources confirm to the @TheVertical that Boston will not pick up the 4th year of James Young contract."""
"TEST would like to recruit good pilots, you were able to crash so you have an invite! There was a Connie in my AC match today. I accidentally Kamikazed it."
"I need some medical cocaine! I know cocaine is schedule 2 and cannabis is schedule 1, so yes it is."
"A school bulldozed because of a mass shooting there the year before? There's only three things certain in life: death, taxes, and that the arguments brought up in every gun control ""debate"" will always be the exact same."
"Trick already played it in LCS, he just got the wrong build, he should have go for Ap Udyr Udyr currently has the HIGHEST jungle win rate AND overall performance in the jungle"
Definitely not pro bowl material The moment Harrison Smith got his interception.
B/c a game 7 is worth nothing What's up with the conspiracy theories? Oklahoma vs Cleveland would make about just as much as warriors/Cleveland. The refs are just incompetent as fuck. So stop fucking whining and deal with it holy fuck. They're missing calls on both sides but all you people just have to play victim
"As long as he's feeling lucky, the gobblegum will work Unreliable."
"Im glad that the AJC is continuing their policy of ignoring basic syntax and spelling errors. Manuels Tavern closed and filled with cops, likely to be visited by Obama"
"yes, because feminism is the answer to solving all the worlds ills Two words: internalized misogyny. The truth is that some of the biggest and most vocal opponents of women's rights have always been other women. And they get downright vicious. Look back at the history of women's suffrage in the USA and you'll find that the most unpleasant and nasty opposition came from women, not men. Worse, perhaps, is the selfish aspect. There's a startling number of women who switch positions and oppose abortion rights after they reach menopause. Basically since they are no longer at risk of an unwanted pregnancy they suddenly discover that they're opposed to abortion."
"Don't you know gay guys can only like Sanders Sanders is weak, vote Trump"
"Your oppressing all those women's tender sensibilities with your unsightly ""flap of skin"", don't you know. I forgot how having a large part of your genitals cut off with no anesthetic, living 7 years less than women and being forced to sign up to kill and die or go to jail are examples of men not being able to oppress women. Can you enlighten me?"
"lol at all those dumb people walking, being all fit and healthy QUT Study finds rich people drive cars, low income earners travel by public transport &amp; walking is reserved for the least educated #shittyscience"
Wow what quality advice by a guy named auschwitzgangbang In other words go spend money if you want him. Leave him to the wild if you want to save money.
"Yeah fuck that guy from just about managing to avoid death, who does he think he is! No. This guy was going far too fast to begin with. Those mountain passes (where there are very, very, very few opportunities to pass for cars and trucks) have tons of signs posted limiting speed - it doesn't matter if you're on a bike. The passing zones are set up according to those speed limits. This jackass was speeding, and then had arrogance to evade at almost full speed and flip someone off."
"Yorick of course Victorious Skin Predictions I have been thinking this and why has no one suggested Victorious Lucian. Although both victorious skin and championship skin last year were adcs i still think he could get it. He has been dominant in both competitive and soloq all year and hasnt gotten a skin since worlds last year which most of his skin parters have gotten new ones (Fiora,Zed,Leona,Yasuo). I think that lucian is a strong contender for the victorious skin, what do you guys think about lucian and who will get the skin"
Explains Mexico Explains Canada....
Actually I think you'll find that it is impossible to measure FOV so clearly they are lying PSVR technical specifications
"We should all pay the government 100% of our paycheck, and they should provide our necessities to ensure the money isn't spent on addictions. No one said nothing should be tried, but giving them money directly is not always the solution. That money could go towards housing programs or something, which would ensure it is not spent on addiction."
Mongolian Throat Singing Some info about Trivecta's next release...
Shocking! Only the special ones Gina.
It's a steak of color racist! Your issue with that steak is that it's fatty? There's nothing wrong with the fact that it's black?
"No way dude, I played three years of little League and could easily leap off this couch, throw on catchers gear, catch 150+ games a season, and maintain cat-like reflexes. Agreed. You gotta have reactions of a cat to get it while it's foul there, all while tracking it and following it down the line... in catchers gear. Looks easier than it is."
Only reason okc won Fucking refs. Amirite?
Renault ... ? New Manufacturer Theory I have a theory that we will see a new manufacturer enter NASCAR soon. Nissan. Now before you laugh me out of the south for suggesting such a thing... Look at their recent Altima commercials. They have done their cars up like a cup/x car. They run them on an oval track. What if they are using the ad campaign to judge interest?
"Damn, they really took not reaching the subscriber goal hard AH is retired? Well, they had a good run..."
Sounds like a great way to bond with your cat I smack my cat when she pulls that face. None of that shit in my house bitch.
Comey better watch out for gym equipment. FBI director takes center stage in Clinton email case
"I know, those absentee ballots are such a whore! They don't...."
IGN 10/10 jounalism IGN is using The Know as a source in an article about Silent Hill
"The Consti- what? It's actually pretty convenient to designate as many people as second class citizens as possible, because then it becomes justified to deprive them of their rights. One of the things that I find really funny is that there are a lot of people who want to stop people on the terror watch list from having guns, when they don't realize that being on the terror watch list means that someone in the military/intelligence community thinks you may be a terrorist. You haven't been charged, let alone tried or convicted of anything, and the Constitution is pretty clear about depriving people of their rights or property without due process of the law."
"I see we have a freedom hater here. something something secret courts, something something secret judges, something something terrorist"
"Nope can't let black kids ever be fairly judged or else it's just for publicity and ratings. So he fought back and then the black teen invoked his right to Stand His Ground? Let him walk then, case closed."
Bush did 9/11 confirmed Declassified memo shows multiple Saudi connections to 9/11 plotters: flight certificate of Al Qaeda operative found in envelope from the Saudi Embassy in DC
"After being sent there by reddit, not self-selection bias in the slightest And yet, on the same page and after reading his article, 82% said it should be included as an option."
Who cares if a foreign government hijacked our election when someone used emails! So the solution is to hand over the reigns of governemnt to an even more corrupt racist demagogue who is looking to be a putin stooge. Fuck that logic.
"Yeah, because in those days people lived to be hundreds of years old you moron. Christian claiming that Christianity is peaceful..."
Straight into the set right SICK PULL FROM POSITION HEROES LIVE EVENT
The real question does in come in gold or space grey! but does it come in black?
omg yes and we can have a tank the size of reborn too Tragic death What if gus added toxic/gas and smoke grenades. Lets say there is two bandits camping in the amend bunker. some player could come along and board/block up the windows on the bunker above ground then leave the door open then throw both a toxic gas grenade and smoke grenade down the hole leading into the bunker then leave and board up the only door. If the bandits didn't have a entrencher and or gas mask. They would die down there.
"Hey guys, I posted a meaningless platitude which totally shows that no problems exist at all and that a populace that constantly votes against their own interest *are* really in touch with reality. Lol you are funny. One day you will be old and out of touch with the current generation. Same cycle for thousands of years now. :)"
Ha right dumb nerds knowing things and shit ITT: People arguing about a fictional character's powers.
"yes HELLO FRIEND, ARE YOU BEING SARCASTIC?"
It's a little biased The SEC Network launched last August. How do you feel about its first year?
"Integrated is good enough for 24fps, so I don't see the point of this. A little upgrade from integrated graphics!"
"*Shrouded Nerscylla. Double Frenzied monsters. They're pretty Easy enough (Wystone: Force allows you to hit harder, making fights go faster) and a lot of people do the Cephadrome + Desert Seltas Queen quest. There's also the ""Hard"" mode of doing it, Shagaru Magala GQ."
"What about Benjen? Someone made a post saying that (if you go by the show, and it seems inevitable in the books at this point) Tyrion is the only person in the entire world who has met both Daenerys Targaryen and Jon Snow. I think it would make a lot of sense if he's the one who introduces them."
"No it's obviously your fault he was released. He told us to draft Luck. Also, the fans have exactly zero to do with signings and cuttings, so it would be incredibly petty if Peyton held a grudge against the fans. Especially considering how many Broncos Manning jerseys that Colts fans have bought. Peyton doesn't hold a grudge against the fans."
"Lol that's alright then. Life under Islamic State was strict and brutal, but some moments didn't seem so bad, Sunni Iraqis say"
EDMW Best forums / resources for a student? I've looked at salary.SG forums. And some career related threads on haedwarezone. What I really want is like a Wikipedia to the working world. Or some sort of guru that knows everything about the working world and can dispense advice on what jobs suit my skillset and how I should apply for them. Of course that isn't present in the real world. What's the closest thing I can get to that?
Na sol is bolonced doode just cc her and shes dead m8 Smite - Sol God Reveal (Parody)
"Yeah, the recent leaks are just a right wing conspiracy! Its almost like people that are respected leaders of large political organizations make great candidates for larger political positions. Take off the tin foil cap. Hillary has shown poor judgement many times during this saga, but to suggest that they drew this up eight years ago... eyeroll."
"In a window box, obviously! Yes, how can you display churros in a show stopping way?"
"yeah, seeing an opportunity to make money, and doing so, fucking ridiculous This is fucking ridiculous."
"Racist jokes...I'll start. Blonde Jokes - I'll start A blonde hired herself out as a handyman and went to a wealthy neighborhood She went to the first house and asked the owner if he had any jobs for her to do.You can paint my porch She agreed Finished,the blonde came to the door to collect her money ... I had paint left over so I gave it two coats Impressed, the man reached in his pocket for the $50 And by the way the blonde added that's not a Porch it's a Ferrari"
"I hope you rot in hell, heathen. I found a wallet with about $500 in it once. I actually tracked the guy down, who lived about an hour away, and called his home phone based on his name and address Google and whitepages. I even managed to pick up all the cards that were scattered along the street. So much for morals by religion, I didn't even want a reward, I just did what I thought was the right thing to do. And hope that if I ever lost my wallet, someone would in turn do the same thing for me. ::As to the story of how the guy lost his wallet, he fueled his vehicle up, and accidentally left his wallet on the roof of his car, and then drove away. It was about a mile from the gas station."
"Shut up, Megatron. Becky should have made her a gravy sandwich with the sponge cake."
I am both shocked and saddened by this unpredictable turn of events. Donald Trump announces that he is NOT in fact running for president!
"No, it's totally HFCS's fault I'm a lardass who consumes 3500 kcal a day whole sitting on my ass! It's *fine*. Your gut has nothing to do with HFCS and everything to do with your own poor choices and lack of self-control."
I'm glad the Eagles don't have anyone that tweets without thinking. you stay classy cole beasley
"Make it legal to murder smokers and overweight people. How on Earth do you implement this? Stop giving lung cancer treatments -because there are other ways of getting cancer. Or do you only do it for smokers? That might work, but you still aren't 100% sure of the cause. The sin taxes are a smarter bet, for something like a 10% increase in cigarette costs, use falls by about 10%. I'm not sympathetic to the argument that these hit the poor the hardest, their bad decision making skills are really what hurt them and society shouldn't have to pay so much for them. I'm all for the higher premiums in the ACA they mention as well for similar reasons."
You're missing this I'm glad he has gloves on because man that stuffs dangerous
Yeah because Monte is the only one to have any knowledge on OGN and Monte have all the time in the world to write article for Lolesport. Maybe they want to but don't have anybody with in depth knowledge of the korean scene able to write them up. Maybe a certain caster for the korean scene that previously managed and wrote articles for his website in the past could do it. *cough* monte *cough*
I'll apply the sarcasm tag for you. Can't you tell which window is active from its drop shadow?
Against the laws for the plebs that is The fact that is is within policy is bad enough that whoever wrote the policy should be criminally repsonsible. The second fact is it is against the law regardless of policy.
"But they knew those plays! I dunno, that also could go to the claim that the Patriots knew all of the Rams red zone plays, when according to Dan Wetzel at Yahoo the Rams only made it to the red zone once, and scored a touch down."
0/10 needs more altri My full waifu squad
Yell at the developers for being indie and elect EA as your new microtransaction overlord Random Disconnections Every time i play trove for a period of time i get Disconnected and takes Min/Hours to get back in! Suggections?
"Oh yeah, just look at YouTube! oh come on. google does good work"
"They don't need to learn anything else, anymore, because they've already got a medical degree! If you ever worked with Doctors you would know this is normal. They know what they know and that's all they know everything else like common sense escapes them."
"You forgot the Hey guys it's snowing If you look outside, it is snowing."
"I thought it was a raid mechanic until a bought a PS4. Oh yeah, you have to make sure you won't get shot for the next 5-10 seconds or so before you go to the menu"
like drinking coca cola like a fuckin libtard? An immersion break for using a prop that represents something that people actually use in real life and humanizes Spacey's character?
"Good save. We should all thank breitbart, foxnews and redstate for never using words like ""shocking"" in their headlines, amirite?!"
"SEXIST PIG, HOW DARE YOU An all female Ghostbusters had me thinking... Should Thelma &amp; Louise be remade with two male actors?"
he a damn communist reasons for not supporting bernie sanders? I am not American and I do not support Sanders or Clinton. There's lots written about Clinton's weaknesses and associations and so on..all that negative stuff. What I wana know is what are Bernie Sander's weak points? What are his dirty laundry that may be attacked by the GOP if he is the Democratic Nominee? If there are any reasons that he shouldn't be supported.. what are they?
Real men squawk 7700 to show dominance. Depends where in the world you go. Some are much better than others.
"4 - He hacks at majors. This might mean 3 different things; 1- He doesn't care about to smaller events or at least he can't motivate himself. 2- He is extremely vigilant under stress, he is all about thriving under stress which motivates him more. 3- Pronax is a genius and he doesn't use his flusha focused tactics unless it is a major. In any case, he deserves to be the MVP of this major. Great job from him."
"Because all men are evil scum and aren't worth anything beyond being sperm donors why is it sexist whenever someone suggests a man helped a woman's accomplishments but we have no problem when the roles are reversed with sayings like ""behind every great man is a great woman""?"
how dare you objectify them like that you oppressor Wow Turkey has some beautiful women.
"Yeah, Axe and Darius have really similar kits.... Because the production quality in dota2 is a thousand times higher than LoL. Top notch voice acting and top notch animations all across the board. Every little thing about Dota2, is done better than LoL. Champ designs aren't even original in LoL, but hey LoL is finally getting Axe.... errr I mean Darius who is totally not a rip off of Axe in any way."
Yea I mean just people calling on your personal phone and telling they're gonna come to your home address Who would ever take it seriously As if anyone would take it seriously come on now
Well *you* try packing all that power into a truck and driving it to every customer! Delivery fee was always the majority of my bill by far. Not fun.
"If they ever do I'm sure you can provide crucial information on how to run those kinda teams With how slow the game is today you'd probably have to use more than half your team's possessions per game to average 50 points. Just don't see that happening, unless the league expands to like 40 teams and one of them just runs the most shameless one person offense."
"Yeah, but they don't have to *say it*. Take a gander at movie executives and you'll find this to be largely true."
Capitalism loves chaos right? Thank god I'm going to be out of the country. What a depressing day Jan 20 will be.
"No, i meant i'm sorry you're from New Zealand Haha shit I typod and it completely changed what I said. I meant to say spell not spelt. As in I defy our country's status quo because apologize spelt with an s is stupid."
"""Some are saying""... WELL FUCK 'EM THEN, NUKE EVERY INCH THEY SET FOOT ON San Bernadino shooting? Also, some are saying this was an ISIS attack"
"I know right, those people can't be trusted, they should be required to carry special id and kept in one place, like a camp or something, so they can't endanger American's interests. Its not NASA's fault Chinese ""students"" are stealing information from them to give to the CCP."
I recommend you put a Crawford's definitely not an elite goalie and is only good because he plays behind guys like Duncan Keith.
Nah....Dee is much stronger. Motherfuckin Starbuck. Motherfrackin Starbuck.
"Man, RLM sure do hate F1. Radio Le Mans F1 Preview show"
"They should have a community driven contest to decide the new name! ITT, Shady orion devs get caught doing more shady shit. They'll probably just bounce back after another name change anyway."
"Is that bridge famous? Lol yeah, I did know that. I just meant a common place for photo shoots there. But thank you :)"
"They're mini-light sabers, get it right! Wow you Americans take your glowsticks pretty seriously."
"This. and the short part of ""this"" is what annoys me. For all I could care, people could write a 30 page report on why he agrees with some guy. The thing that matters to me is that you give some insight to why you agree with the guy (as in ""I like you because you actually write why this guy is right""), but everyone to his own."
Him and his younger brother to keep him happy. Me too. One less team to worry about.
"Offensive is my trigger word, you shitlord! He said double standard and color, it was a pun. What's so offensive about that?"
Better vote for Hillary so she can rein in on this kind of stuff. Ex-N.Y. Fed Employee Avoids Prison for Leaking Documents - Staffer handed over confidential files to Goldman Sachs banker
"What oh man haha I can't believe they only wanted their oil level checked, I totally believe that. Cust. Says ""oil leak"" wants leak eval. Lol"
Wins elections like a charm though! Apathy. Apathy kills the will to act for change.
"Yes no one could ever do that with lulu. 1. The video was released because people requested it. 2. Stixxay played the fight perfectly, which essentially won them the entire championship. He was worth more than Dlift and Bjerg combined."
"The only people who don't vote for my candidate are ignorant retards! And she will still win, it's impossible to get rid of her. The majority don't know much about senatorial politics and just check the name they recognize that's a democrat..."
Girls with huge knockers are gonna be offended. I tried. I don't think I can do it.
"Oh no, sell him now! He turns 24 in 10 days. Just an fyi"
Walk around a truck stop knocking on driver's doors. Whats the best way to market to truck drivers? I want to market a service/product to truck drivers. I have thought about purchasing a billboard near a truck stop. Any other ideas?
Pay to win! Just a cool $20m a month
I can shoot a lot of deer with that. This should take the cake. Double handgun carbine.
They were so right with their info! The New York Times
"I understood the Yeah really, that large of a temperature jump in literally an atom-like fraction of this massive planet's entire history? Oh yeah, don't worry guys, it's just a warming cycle."
It's the eyes You think all staals looks alike you racist?
"Wow OP...get ready to be downvoted to hell Damn... 22 players, not 23. My bad."
Anti-semite! We've allowed a well connected minority to run roughshod over the rest of society. Is there any problem guns *can't* solve?
My testimony is strengthened! Apparently reformed Egyptian has a limited number of words.
But Right to Work gives us jobs... GOP does not have workers best interests in mind
Wow never seen this on here. Falklands War - The Most Daring Raid (2013)
"They aren't stateless, they are members of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, surely they will be welcomed with open arms after defeating the entire middle east and western world with no support or advanced weaponry... B/c it's well established as being against international law to render somebody stateless."
"In 2016 the Filipinos lost the Philippines when their president was duped into visiting China, with a promise of a steaming bowl of Congee and unlimited dimsum. TIL: in 1975, the RP lost the pugad islands to Vietnam because filipino soldiers stationed in the island were tricked into to visiting the nearby parola island for a birthday party and hookers, as promised by their vietnamese friends."
"TIL fantasy and sci-fi are mutually exclusive Considering they were all in their own completely original worlds with monsters and magic, I think they definitely qualify for fantasy. FF7 was steampunk through Midgar and when dealing with shinra, but that's at most half the game. Same for the others honestly. Magic and eidolons and crap like that permeate the worlds in FF. Shinra was only steampunk because they used some magical life force that flowed through the planet for power. Idk just seems fantasy to me, although I won't deny other elements are present."
"Yeah, OP hasn't cooked away all of the juicyness When are you gonna finish cooking it. Too damn raw man"
How else are women supposed to relate to the show? i just don't understand why every character needs a love interest. atleast not in every season
"Congratulations on contributing something meaningful to this conversation. Shhh. You're ruining the libertarian circle jerk that both sides are the 'same' and we're all too dumb and married to a 'team' mentality. We could never actually care about the issues! Anarchy in the USA! Government is bad guns and bunkers are good! This country is fucked, and its because people are fucking stupid. Let it burn I say, I won't suffer for it and I'll still be around to pick up the pieces after you've all killed each other over petty shit."
"Yes, I got implants that flop like that. are you sure you didnt just take the picture becasue you just got breast implants"
"Well, we are explorers. I love the ""let the player base figure it out for themselves because we have no idea how it works either"" style of game design."
Eye dont c whats rong wit dis. School is way two easy
"#jiggshate I don't care if hbox goes, but pls keep him off commentary"
"Accomplishments and self-worth are not as important as being pretty, of course. On my profile I said I don't have much going for me, it was meant to be more self deprecating than totally serious because I do have a decent job and am happy but I dropped out of high school so I was just making light of it. I will probably change that section though because I keep getting messages from older men who feel the need to reassure me that I have a lot going for me (based only on my appearance of course)"
"Or maybe build a new PC, you know, for these cold winter nights that the fireplace is not warming your house enough! I vote for keeping it as a backup card or a test card? :D"
All cases are ugly anyway Case was delayed. No fucks given
Definitely *Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas*. Which films from the last 5 years are bound to be considered classics in 2030?
"Wow, what an awesome fucking deal. looking for a Samsung galaxys s3 or 4 for sprint, i can trade an iphone 5 with a very cracked sreen, that has flappy bird. title says it all"
"Don't call it chiraq, its totally safe and the city's history of corruption and violence is totally in the past because divvys or something r/Chicago downvotes everything. Literally everything. It's repulsive how naive these people are. They think this is some Utopia where you can go jogging half-naked in the middle of the night in a city full of gang violence and junkies because why? As long as they comment on the internet about how this shouldn't happen maybe it will stop? Right?"
You forget the There's a time and a place man. This thread ticks neither of those boxes
just wait for the update s87 is going to be much better So you chose between DPS and accuracy then? I don't play s67 much.
"Charlemagne. Which German dictator was that, pray tell?"
"I've had to avoid certain streets while driving; needless to say, my life is in shambles How are you ""normal students"" being affected by the protests? I'm an alum and during my time at Berkeley, the only major protests I recall were the tree sitters and a couple of Wheeler hall occupations. Is this affecting your studies / concentration during finals? I think I'd be pissed if that were the case, my sympathies for Eric Garner aside. You guys were just protesting the tuition increases a while back, tuition that pays for you to be taking finals."
"How dare these people die and have people feel bad for them and their families! Watch the world leaders suck their cocks after this while expressing their condolences. A pope once kissed a koran, what will he do now, get on his knees start playing the trumpet?"
America needs a 25 kill streak. Taliban: We Slaughtered 100+ Kids Because Their Parents Helped America
"Thanks for clearing up, we weren't too sure about you! Wow, Thank god those blades held. That must have been terrifying. (Im agnostic, but thankgod is all i could think of that fits the situation)"
"Right,they only got beaten by Iceland. He is not wrong. Look at the Euro this summer."
"Well that's easy, we just need more surveillance! France may face public backlash as surveillance state fails against terrorism"
"Well, obviously this the reason illegals need to be able to get driver's licenses. PRODUCERS MUST BE ASLEEP! CNN covering a bus driver who KILLED 2 people today, they say he is here ILLEGALLY and didn't even have a license to drive!"
No we need to make fun of this 12 year old for going through what we all went through It's okay. The guy who made this is probably twelve. He'll catch on soon enough.
"There are more important things than human rights, like building the dang fence! In between that busy schedule they've definitely managed to kill a few people by not giving them their medicine. Also, feeding them green bologna."
"Oh, that futurama guy? You hold a valid point due to the fact that Romans actually spoke Greek, not Latin. Latin was only used in official circumstances. Stephen Fry told me so."
"Oh man, I bet your stinging comment really caused some serious introspection. THIS! Ive experienced two female colleagues telling about a skinny dude getting beat up by a woman they knew. She used to give him a knee to the guts and they all thought it was funny. Their smiles soon faded when I asked them to think about it the other way around."
At least she wont look like a faggot for her last year of living. ...and how that isn't a good god damn reason to quit I will never understand.
"She has the internalized misogyny. Best not tell the feminists you enjoy being ""street harassed""."
that was sarcasm... But I guess people are too young on this sub to understand that... My bad next time I will do I bet you are going to be one of those parents that thinks all of the kids should get trophies
Better hope the Texan government doesnt invade Texas because of military drills. Life would be distupted for a bit but it'll quickly go back to normal. Such is life in Texas
"""Are you on your period?"" This rule only applies to men. Angry, loud man = strong leader. Angry, loud woman = shrill, irritating hag."
"I'm sure him adding a dollar sign to the end of the movie name is really what sold it TIL James Cameron pitched the sequel to Alien by writing the title on a chalkboard, adding an ""s"", then turning it into a dollar sign spelling ""Alien$"". The project was greenlit that day for $18 million."
"She's not Holly, Meisha, Cyborg or Rhonda so GTFO Is Amanda Nunes the worst marketed champion in the history of the modern UFC? I was just thinking about this after I saw the JJ/Nunes insta post and realized this is probably the first thing I've seen of her since UFC 200. Now I make no qualms that I am an MMA nerd, I check this sub many times everyday and after thinking about it I'm not sure I've seen a champion (man or woman) with less fans or interest than Nunes. Does anyone else feel this way, and what do you think it is which takes that connection away? Beating fan favorite Miesha Tate, or is it something else?"
That's cool don't reply or anything This might seem like a stupid question but have you tried going into the microphone properties and raising the levels?
"Obviously not a troll. Saw this on a Beethoven video, finally found the subreddit to submit this to"
"You heared it guys, lets best imprison, torture and humilate tens of innocent, instead of freeing one guy who is guilty. There is also the leader of ISIS who was freed from such a prison Baghdadi."
What's a headphone jack? Images of New MacBook Pro With Magic Toolbar Leaked in macOS Sierra 10.12.1
"I... I feel like you forgot the Come on now. Let's not get riled up. Think about what she did, she is starting a conversation, and dialogue is important. A marginalized voice is being heard. It doesn't matter that a specific incident is true or not, it's that it could have happened. So feeling like this is real, is the same thing as it being real. If something happens to a person like me, and I emphasize with it, then it happened to every person that shares those characteristics."
Well to be fair it worked well in the mac-vs-pc ads... So cute how they think a long spec sheet means anything at all.
reddit gold What would you give your Left Nut for?
"Yeah, but fuck those teachers' unions, amirite? The main fact of comparison is the prestige that is placed on education, and education ""professionals."" In the United States, it is developing into an ""occupation."" This is not the path for a successful industry. Teaching as a profession, and being paid accordingly, is a necessary first step in developing a first-class education system."
"Yeah, 2 1/2 years is way to long for a game to be in development... Seriously? This game is still not finished? Is it just one guy developing on his laptop part time?"
"With an ally like that who needs terrorists? Your money is going towards protecting innocent Israeli. As ally to Israel, it's our duty to protect them if they need assistance. That's called being an ally. Plus, their investment back into the private sector helps you. Those employees and company's they are giving money to in the USA? Well everyone here pays taxes. Sales tax, income tax, etc. So actually this is helping you."
"Well there's certainly no way that OP or anyone else in this thread would lie about this kind of stuff to pander to the anti-christian sentiment that pervades the larger subreddits just for karma... I live in MS, and have never ever heard or seen this happen. Ever."
learn to play man you surely pushed some buttons something something FIFA AI
"Too OP man, thats a 1 hit kill from behind I figured he would be talking about those sort of players. Next it will be only fair if the best players are banned from using guns and have to use their fists."
"Thanks for focusing me on what's important, saving money. I get what you mean, it might come as a surprise and you think it might ruin a friendship if it goes wrong, which would mess with her birthday but I'd say go for it, then your anniversary could be the same day as her birthday when you guys get married 10 years from now and then your future self will love me because I saved you money since you only have to buy one gift for her. I gotchu op."
Neither is Wall Kyrie isn't playing.
"4D Chess This could be the best way to get the media to cover her rallies. lol. Now, every rally will be closely watched, which is good :)"
"When is it okay to touch? You cant approach a whale, but a whale can approach you. When it gets within a certain distance you are supposed to turn off your motor and wait for it to leave."
Gas and Electric of course ! What is meant by hybrid?
I forgot an I'm willing to be educated. Please inform me.
"This footage is full of CULTURAL APPROPRIATION woah. a taiwanese dashcam , a english radio station, and a jamaican radio station this footage is very diverse"
proof that game theory is correct about the toad theory Thanks for the bodygroups Valve :^)
Cuz they only want people who pay a lot for cable to watch the commercials. No Olympics for you: Comcast locks value customers out of Sochi streams
"But a screaming brat is just SOOOO important ""I'm getting major grief and a guilt trip from one of my brothers"" you're on medical leave. your health is IMPORTANT. while i am sure you appreciate them thinking of you, the colicky child does not need to attend, at the very least."
"Absolutely not, everyone must conform to my opinions! Well then don't mod them to look like supermodels, some people like it and some don't."
Battleship or Submarine... they won't know the difference. Stealthiest submarine I ever saw
abs? Spaghetti Western Racing
"Right, because before the series that won't even get movies, Star Trek wasn't very popular at all. I never said it wasn't influential. Though, gene's ""vision"" doesn't appear to have much appeal seeing as the most recent iterations have vastly departed from it"
# RACIST Typical American attention span.. Source: I'm American.
Hmm yeah I wonder why? AD looked... not enthused to be there towards the end.
At least you still have flamestrike. Sunbreakers are now a joke in PvP. We literally suck. Reading old nerf posts like this makes me mad.
"you don't know you weren't there! MRW my college professor says that before electric lights, every woman on earth had their period start on the full moon"
Pay someone with AIDS a shitton of money and let them work there. They will not only get diplomatic fucking immunity but also some more maids.
"think he forgot He's scored 32 international goals before this one, according to Wikipedia."
Rabble rabble so angry They got a movie instead because angry people.
Dude KD would totally sign the vet minimum We just signed Horford to the max.
"Yeah, totally leave him in the cage and let them put him down. Don't buy from pet shops. These puppy's are more than likely to come from a puppy mill and will have problems."
"he's a meh player tbh Hes a genuinely good dude all around, and alright at basketball."
"No way, he's a creative fucken genius. My teacher taught Pitbull for art class for a few weeks before he transferred to another school (or class?). They, apparently, did not get along whatsoever, and he was terrible at art."
451 balls deflated - 377 games manipulated - 9 punishments avoided 451-377-9 (.545) Though we are only .500 for Superbowls.
"How about the guy who directs Sherlock! Moffat was intending to leave after S9 and the Christmas Special (which is pretty obvious when you watch the season, especially Heaven Sent/Hell Bent and the Christmas special). Unfortunately, the BBC didn't have anyone to take his place, so they asked him to stay on. Steven has stated that he is actively looking for a replacement now (and has been for a little while)."
"Yeah, let's remove the dust2 mid doors wallbang too This shouldn't even be remotely possible on a competitive map in a competitive game. Like I get what a low percentage shot it might be but it's still complete bullshit and should not occur at all."
"oh yea im actually thinking that they will raise the salary to 5 million/year per player like in football because... reasons I may be completely wrong here, but are people really thinking that Schalke is gonna spend the same kind of money they spend on football on Esports? I mean, other sports like basketball, handball or Futsal get only a small fraction of the money spent on football, why would league be different? Maybe league has more viewership I don't know, but it's not likely. If it was Korea or China..."
"Ah, but then I wouldn't be healthy because I wouldn't be able to get all the vitamins and minerals. Ah yes, but if you merely had a slow metabolism you could simply eat less and be thin."
yeah they should just lay down and die or accept their fate maybe even get little stickers for them to wear Nowhere?
"Never how often does the new iron banner gear drop as rewards after a match? first time playing the iron banner event, im doing fine in it (other than facing cheaters and getting dumped into matches where theres only 1 other person on my team) but im not sure if im going to have the time to grind up to rank 4 with IB and be able to farm up the marks to buy the gear, so i was thinking about just dropping it entirely unless the new gear drops are common. any advice?"
didn't you know roblox has those? TTT and Prop hunt is all i want in my life
Funny how he drives a Japanese car... Traitor... doesn't he remember Pearl Harbor? Someone should tell this guy his plate's expired
"Here, you dropped this: Aren't they the same thing??? My whole life has been a lie!!!! ^\s"
"Haven't you heard of the term ""mad doctor"" before? Sssh, if he doesn't like a meme there must be something wrong with him! On a more serious note though; who the hell goes to a doctor for being angry?"
United Airlines will charge extra if you're wearing clothes. United Airlines will charge extra fee for use of overhead bins
"Yes, no one is more interested in protecting the rights of others than someone who doesn't have them themselves. Just make it so every Congressman has to wear a lapel cam at all times. That way they can't be blackmailed because we already see literally everything they do."
"Is this how foreigners ""make Canadian jobs""? Bedrock Industries reaches deal to buy U.S. Steel Canada"
"no see you don't understand, the REAL issues are the ones that affect straight people. Yeah, seriously! As a gay guy, it sucks seeing this thread where everyone's all ""ugh, who cares about gay people, screw their rights, we've got more important things to do."" Fuck you, my civil rights are *pretty fucking important* to me. It's not a ""red herring"", it's a real issue that affects my life in a VERY REAL way. It's easy for people to be dismissive of something when it doesn't personally affect them."
I'm pretty sure this one isn't a kit car. Lamborghini Huracan parked outside my gym.
"So are we going to hear about how they should have been able to glide to an airport, or is that only reserved for a Cirrus chute pull? Yet another L.I. emergency landing on a beach"
You mean all of those hashtags can't be piled together to create a giant filter and fix the problem? I live in the Genesee County area and all I hear is how shitty the water situation still is and how the spotlight did Jack shit to fix anything.
"Look at all those thin people in developing countries, they're so privileged. Extremely Privileged Person Travels the World, Complaining About Thin Privlege"
"Yeah, they're really working hard on making themselves and society better. Speaking from experience with the red pill, I'm telling you it is. I spend a lot of time there, so I'd say I know what's happening. You might not like red pillers, but don't project your false impressions on them."
"Just remember to take smite! Every time I get Kat or sona, but it's OK I'll just play eve and singed instead"
"No no, that's the unaccompanied children that are popping up as refugees all over Europe Was this a school only for middle aged men?"
Have you tried flashing CM yet? aint on my nokia brick... though i could text with my hands in my pockets so i got that going for me which is nice.
"Religion is such a beautiful thing! Pakistani police accused the country's ambassador to the United States of blasphemy, a crime that carries the death penalty, in connection with a 2010 TV talk show"
"Well, that's a surprise. EA confirms next Battlefield to be released in 2014"
Fake. They say history repeats itself....
It's a white one they put in the wrong tube. This sharpie has no ink.
"Donivan, he had great stats in the MLS name me one world class player that was developed in the mls"
Hiphop is boring dawg where da trap at...Brb smoking penises this sub is such a walking contradiction of its title
"If only we had a candidate who's been president 6000 times. Tom Hanks' Simple Analogy Explains Why Trump Shouldn't Be President | If you need a root-canal, do you want a guy who says he'll figure it out or someone with a diploma who's done 6000 of them?"
I bet it bothered him alot. He was taken aback by it.
"I blame Obama remember socialists, this is what you support. my hope is some kind of chemical 3d printer can be released in the next 10 years and make all drug laws irrelevant."
"They don't have sails, do they? My favorite: carriers don't need sailing."
"Yeah, forgiven is such a great team player Even its a downgrade from Niels / mithy, its probably one of the best they could have got. Hype for Origen coming back boys!"
"Its government and all people who are involved with government must be doing something illegal? What's the problem? * William Thomson ran the pension plan and was responsible for the (thousands) of investment decisions it made * In early 2008 they made a plan to invest in Northern Ireland * Then a new comptroller came in, and - oh yeah - the economy went a wee bit sour . . . * New comptroller decides to back out of the deal. There is a fee to pay ($3m) for doing so, but it's a lot less than the pension would lose sinking $150m into this project. * As it turns out, one of the guys behind this large infrastructure project is a friend of Thompson's and supports his political campaigns Would you rather that they did the deal and lost much more than $3m? Would you rather that the head of one of the nation's largest pension plans be someone with no friends or political supporters who also work in finance (can you imagine such a person being qualified for the job)? Would you rather that the pension plan pass on good investments because a friend of the comptroller's works for the company? Would you rather politicians not raise campaign funds from their friends?"
4-0 is better than 87-0 Detroit Renegades haven't lost a map yet
"But it's such an important cause. Conan is not funny. He is a complete moron. I am ashamed of you, reddit."
"Dude I just really miss the amazing voice actresses of the outers from the North American dub Two questions about Sailor Moon Crystal season 3 First: does anyone know or have an idea of when Viz is going to dub the Crystal series? When will they release the S season of the original anime? Second: So, I know Haruka is supposed to be androgynous, and I've heard her have a male voice in the trailer for Crystal season 3, but what I DON'T know is whether or not she will have two different voices for her civilian form (since she sometimes dresses feminine in the manga). Has this ever been clarified?"
Because then none of it is real! And how exactly could we ever prove without a doubt that this is the case? I think that it would be inherently unprovable. So that leads me to the next point which is so what? So what is we are in a simulation? it literally changes nothing. It is just a fun thought experiment at the end of the day.
Nobody need *them*. Do they need Americans?
"Everyone knows that when you become an employee of the state, your brain fuctions change to make you unable to make poor decisions, it is an inherent part of nature Ah, but they're employees of the state, with, like, an entire week of training. Their judgement is clearly far superior to that of your average voter."
Thanks for that insightful comment. nico rosberg is a dirty little shit @nico_rosberg
"Hearthstone has very very little RNG If the devs wants us to start tapping more, moments like these should not be a thing."
"Yeah, our governments should congratulate Putin for invading Ukraine. I for one am skeptical that the powers pushing the anti-Putin line are acting in my interests and the interests of my fellow British citizens."
"Surely you meant ""dick"" at the end. A dimension not only of sight and sound but of ick."
"Yeah, that's why Dortmund were so shit He was playing the whole league by himself?"
See; Titanic Especially when you consider how many insanely hot women Leo has seen naked.
se les cayo el 15 Razones por las que Internet era mejor antes de 2005
"link karma is for srubs Oh geez Rick, I mean, I'm doing pretty well for myself you know? I've got 82,000+ link karma alone. That's pretty good, right?"
Because you should obviously cut out nice real life friends because they are douches online Why are they your friends?
"Oh, time to go spam kayle There is also this bug where kayle one shots people after activating her E."
"""Yeah, but what did he do to get hit?"" This is why governments don't want accurate reports and surveys"
Umm the pirate bay? is there a support group to help resist the Steam Summer Sale? So much temptation.
"Don't you know, telescopes aren't about the gathering of light, they're just about magnification! It actually is legit."
That's racist! Because it was islamic terrorism.
...because the patriarchy derp Riley on Marketing
"If it didn't actually happen, then how could they have filmed it? I don't know how to break this to you, but the Hunger Games didn't actually happen, man."
"Ah yes mustache mouses don't require mouse pads of course It works just fine. I believe it's a laser mouse. It's hard to tell, but my mouse has a mustache on it."
"global warming? I'm with this guy, I went to a private school in the county and even then AC was a luxury. Teachers are free to bring in a window unit but really its not necessary, I don't recall a time I went to school and though ""its too hot for this"", ever."
"Could this fact not be proof that vaccinations cause mild retardation? Good, I hope every state passes this law Anti-vaxxers are giant pieces of shit (and many of them were vaccinated)"
"Oh, how the tables have turned; that skaters need to beware of LARPers. You have to watch out for people doing L.A.R.P. at that park though"
"It's a class on Statistics! Surely the school administration wouldn't accept that situation? A professor who gives 100% to all students enrolled in that class based on a single lucky trash shot? **edit** read the original tweet posted before, it was only for 1 quiz, I can accept that"
"Idk, Killer is pretty hard ""Waaahhh I only pip 95% of my gamesss, killer is so hard :("""
"Only like 3 people I've actually heard of... What a showcase of superstars Full card for NJPW World Tag League Finals So World Tag League Finals take place in Sendai this Wednesday, you can watch it live via NJPW World. The card : **1) David Finlay &amp; Juice Robinson vs. Sho Tanaka &amp; Yohei Komatsu** **2) Mascara Dorada vs. Jay White** **3) Jushin Liger &amp; KUSHIDA vs. Tiger Mask &amp; Ryusuke Taguchi** **4) Tenzan &amp; Kojima &amp; Yuji Nagata &amp; Nakanishi vs. Bullet Club (Karl Anderson &amp; Doc Gallows &amp; Tama Tonga &amp; Yujiro Takahashi)** **5) The Kingdom (Michael Bennett &amp; Matt Taven w/Maria Kanellis) vs. The Addiction (Christopher Daniels &amp; Kazarian)** **6) Shinsuke Nakamura &amp; Yano vs. Bullet Club (Bad Luck Fale &amp; Cody Hall)** **7) Hiroshi Tanahashi &amp; Michael Elgin &amp; Hirooki Goto &amp; Katsuyori Shibata vs. CHAOS (Kazuchika Okada &amp; YOSHI-HASHI &amp; Tomohiro Ishii &amp; Kazushi Sakuraba)** **Main Event : Los Ingobernables (EVIL &amp; Tetsuya Naito) vs Great Bash Heel (Togi Makabe &amp; Tomoaki Honma) - World Tag League Finals** What are your thougts about the card? Who do you predict to win? Will Shibata challenge Ishii for NEVER title, will Honmania run wild? Let me know in the comments."
"Yeah can't wait till the seahawks have rainbow haired, blubbernaughts as cheerleaders. US university takes down 'disgusting' cheerleading poster after backlash"
"Just trust them, they have all of our best interests in mind. Questioning the motives of the government's spy agency is ""pretty stupid"""
"But there are no guns in Chicago... 2 dead, 16 injured in Chicago shootings"
"If he wanted the Germans to win so much, maybe his grandfathers shouldn't have sat out the war...? He's also a dirty swede *shudders*."
"What a great way to run things Not a perfect analogy, but it'll do."
If you think you can't get this physique without juicing then I feel bad for you lol. Got steroids?
It's progressive when non radical islamist women kill people. And praising their woman fighters because they are women...
But inviting someone over for a dinner party at your home is the same thing as someone you don't know breaking and entering into your home while you're not there! She presented 'immigration' as the best thing in the world and mixed up illegal and legal immigration. The video just felt dishonest.
Easier to come make a new thread here. Have you even looked on Stubhub for the answer? It is not too hard to find.
"Something has to fill the cocaine bucket when it runs low. I suspect there will be apologists in this thread who argue something like ""why are you bitching, take your free pack and shut up."" I think this is a perfect example of the soft bigotry of low expectations. I think given the amount of money this game generates that the player base should reasonably expect decent weekly - often aided by the season - ways to play the game. Its NOT too much to ask. And when we don't get it, its perfectly reasonable to be annoyed by that."
I hope you forgot to put HP-SND-DOM-HP-SND I WOULD LOVE TO SEE THIS
"very good words that make me question life as we know it... This sub is insanely misguided, and not a good use of your time."
Forgot Cool xbox you have there.
"Well, Jesus did bleed out the Constitution while on the cross. No it couldn't be the fact that Louie was horribly tortured and remained ""unbroken"" (Not to mention that the original book was called that), it has to be about Christianity"
She's just that smart. TIL: The odds of Hillary Clinton performing as well as she did in cattle futures honestly was calculated to be 1 in 31 trillion.
"Also I prefer Gender Extremists...the word ""t********"" is extremely triggering to me and implies that Muslim PoC are somehow a threat Melody Hensley (the ""I got PTSD from Twitter"" lady) on 9/11. Still on Twitter, too."
"Considering that basically all my karma is from SRD, I think that applies to me too. i think it's still the sub i've collected the most karma from, and i pretty much only comment like once a month now"
"Sorry... forgot the I'm sorry, I'm no native speaker, but I thought ""Don't mention it"" is a viable option to say something along the lines of ""my pleasure"" or something ^^"
"If you eat something and no one is around to see it, the calories don't count! Basically a ""Muh condishuns"" bitch. Eats apparently 1200 calories in only healthy food and exercises but somehow still is fat. Wonder why that is? Maybe the 3 slices of cake and a litre of ice cream dont count"
WE WANT DUBSTEP NOT THIS DISCO SHIT! Knife Party - Superstar
"DAE book master race? No they can't. There's too many characters for show watchers, and remember the slack-jawed idiots that love TV, for any of them to remember a nickname for a character whose full name was rarely used. Most of them would look at you blankly if you talked about danerys."
"Naa avoid, you'll get the herps from the cinema seats. I'm always curious about that cinema, but afraid of being mugged or my car busted into."
"Nah, it was a long term strategy, BM and put the opponent on tilt! There is a difference between two lines of play that are both viable and just straight up not killing the opponent on a turn when you have enough damage. On the whole I agree with your statement, but if a player misses lethal, that's huge."
"Yeah my least favorite thing about this subreddit is shit posts about how some aspects of this fetish are seen as racist and how people should stop participating in that. Is this sub a real thing, or just a fantasy posting spot? I have a sub cuckwife, and we both do the reddit. Sometimes when she comes over, we like to view the posts here. Its just that we have to scour the forum to find legit cuck shit. ""Just because some black dude is fucking a white chick over the age of 25, doesnt mean its cuck,"" her words not mine. We do see some for real shit every now and again, and we both like reading the real exploits and stories. But what is with the fascination with black guys? Thats not how this works and honestly it seems kinda racist"
"You're so cool man. Yeah, well, you're a fucking retard for letting your cat put it's nasty feet on your cooking appliances. You're going to end with with toxoplasmosis or cryptosporidium if you don't already have it."
"God damn, no spoiler tag? Daenerys sitting on the Iron throne"
"Because Africans were not fucking dumb back then (or nowadays)! Except Native americans, Native australians, native new zealanders, Indian subcontinent, almost entire africa aka the entire fucking world."
"Learn to dodge then A guy threw his cheat paper at me in an exam, the invigilator saw it but instead of throwing him out of the class he threw me and gave me an F in that exam."
"Take a picture of you wearing every shirt you own, obviously I'm sorry? How am I supposed to argue that I do not have a 4chan shirt?"
It boggles the mind... Now why would someone refuse to open the door to a bunch of cops using racial slurs?
Because everyone has a computer that can run Skyrim. I don't think we're allowed to say that without being called PC elitist fags :&lt;
"Are real animals banned too? Polish Town Bans Winnie the Pooh for Being Half-Naked, Inappropriate For Children"
But I thought they were disrespected? PAC 12 is hot garbage
"Up its definitely those suction cups that are doing that Three gold medals so far, I say Michael Phelps voodoo cups are helping."
"Yeah, you sound like you want to have a reasonable discussion about it. Who the hell would be FINE with her?"
"Down voted for making a good point. Yeah but so what? People drink every day and then go nuts on St Patrick's. And that leads to a whole lot more problems than 420 does. It's just really not a big deal. There are a million holidays that involve drinking, let the stoners have one."
"Also, you can only learn from complete games of League of Legends. 1v1 doesnt mean anything. The first thing new players need to learn is that kills dont mean shit and farming and turrets win games."
"And they should blow up when stepped on. One of the new defenders should DEFINITELY have 3 of those, or something similar. I'm serious, great gadjet."
Checkmate atheists. Watch a killer T cell in action as it attacks a cancerous cell
gay i want to thank you for being so cordial.
"Reynad didn't just invent zoo, he invented Hearthstone Some interesting facts. * First person with all golden heroes is muninja. * First person with all golden cards is Zhong Peisheng. * World first to reach legend ever is zRusher. He played rogue. * First and only player to hold Number 1 legend on all 3 regions is Xixo. * Record for the biggest amount of wins in 1 day is 219. (not officially) * Longest turn was more than 40 hours long. * Miracle rogue in it's final state was created by kolento. * First successful control warrior deck was created by kitkatz. * Reynad invented zoo - the most popular deck on ladder. * The only way to see golden card on arena is Blingtron 3000. * Captain's Parrot is the only card that has synergy with 2 types of minions. * Vanish has no flavor text. * Chance that animal companion will summon huffer is 200%"
"A champion with a 3-stack mechanic What kind of champion is league missing? There are so many different champs, what are your ideas? I've posted a few ideas in the past and they've never been well received so I imagine many other people have ideas for champs that they think are great. So, what champ is league missing? What is your idea for a champ?"
"Missing a XBOX HAS BETTER COLORS, PC SUX!"
"North Carolina Mccrory recount = bad, Leftie recount = good Jill Stein prepares to request election recounts in battleground states"
"""I was literally raped."" Without the video I wonder what her account of this encounter would be..."
"Well, women *are* primarily for looking at and don't have any need for carrying things of value, right? The whole fake pockets on a lot of girl pants seems odd."
i was doing drugs way before it was cool... aren't we though
"I'm sure Sagan would approve of your response I know perfectly well who he is and his personal beliefs. I don't care what he believed about religion, faith, or any of that stuff. I'm saying it's far more fun to think of him enjoying this game beyond the grave while I play than to be a goddamn bore like you're being right now. Stop white knighting a corpse, put your fedora back on its rack and go fly through space like the rest of us."
And stealing Super Bowls. Pittsburgh is known for its steel industry.
"Yeah, and while they're at it why not just only hire white people, since white people are clearly better. Yeah... And when they have a choice in who they hire, who can blame them?"
"I'm surprised that there isn't a response already! Knowing Riot, I'm sure they'll take care of you, eventually... but if you make enough noise on Reddit, they may assist you very soon"
It's their fault they're not Titans of Industry already! White kids need to bootstrap harder.
"But being fat doesn't effect others! I think their plan is to be carried down the stair by a hunky, bare-chested fireman. In all seriousness, I think their plan is to walk down the stair like everybody else, but they're too damn lazy to take part in the drill. Of course, once an actual fire happens, they'll be holding up the evacuation because they're slow and stopping frequently, causing injury and/or death to many behind them."
Apparently patch 1.2 = Blood and Wine angry xbox child confirmed
"""Bloke"" nothing like name calling to get your point across Why? Look, I'm not even angry here and this bloke is using the wrong definition of racism. In an education forum, you gotta educate/ correct and learn/ be corrected yourself."
or tip para kay abaya. talent fee sa ad ni roxas
"Can't wait to hear the obligatory Jags are moving to London comments. I guarantee people will still talk shit on us no matter how well we do in the draft, ESPN has been doing it since Thursday."
"Don't worry, pretty sure his tv can upscale 360p in a 1:2 ratio. My brother bought a PS4 Pro and his TV supports up to 720"
Must have been pretty ugly if staring at him made him cry. One time a kid told me I was ugly. I stared at him with my poker face until he cried himself into a corner.
you forgot the But Werewolves **of** London is good.
"Well, since the Pats have never scored with under 7 minutes left and no 12-4 2nd seed has ever won the SB, I guess we're on to 2016 Game Day Thread"
"Yeah, I love eating kimchi while watching boxing too Always better to watch the fights with a tote of the devil's lettuce."
"Yea why equip Shiva on top mages so they can get ra spells, right? But all top mages already have -ga spells"
I'm so glad to see my tax dollars making sure these highly dangerous criminals are locked up Toronto police raid marijuana dispensaries across the city
Maybe raising everyone's taxes will help Young 'to be poorer than parents at every stage of life'
Gotta get that quick AdSense YT money though brah It's not really leaked - someone just looked at the files.
Here have a downvote 1
"Your phone auto-sends pictures too? ""My pants slipped down while I was taking this photo. Holy shit."""
"Just like Konami does, which is why Yu Gi Oh is so much bigger and more successfulthan Magic ""They can only pack in so much value"" Or they can, you know, not have a limited print run, make magic accessible, and sell way more packs."
"You forgot the That is quite a leap from what he said to the title of the article. What the author failed to realize is that the way you ""abolish"" an amendment to the Constitution is by calling a Constitutional Convention which requires a two thirds majority in the National Congress who then have to propose a new amendment that would invalidate an existing amendment. This new proposed amendment would then have to be ratified by a three fourth majority of the states."
"Finishing a half marathon in 2 years isn't that good a time, buddy. Hell I'm pretty sure I'm solidly obese by BMI standards and I've gone from not being able to do a mile, to having a 30 minute 5k and finishing a half marathon in 2 years."
"small, medium, large What are some alternative names for a three tier (good, better, best) product line?"
"Nah mate, she's a middle class doctor so it's acceptable But do you think they shouldn't be prosecuted for a very obvious crime?"
omg guys this is getting soooooo boring The Masters Day 4 discussion/game thread
"Oh you are right, all parents ought to give their 10 old children assault weapons for Christmas presents. Joe Biden when he said 'buy a shotgun' right before a guy bought a shotgun to shoot up Washington DC? Obama and Feinsein promised to ban a category of weapons that includes 70% of long guns, about 10% of handguns, and 95% of magazines. And this wasn't the first time, this was the SECOND time, because they banned all this shit in 1994 too until it thankfully expired in 2004. Do you think gun owners are too fucking stupid to think 'I should go stock up on this stuff before I can never buy it again' and needed the NRA to tell them to do it? Clearly you were too dumb to realize that since here you are, oblivious to that concept. Or wait, are you pretending like all other anti-gunners that the Assault Weapon Ban wasn't actually a thing that they tried to pass?"
"here you can have mine They likely do looking back, but I came across the discussion in the middle of a 12 hour shift. Working that long overnight by myself wreaks havoc on my sarcasm detector."
"Yeah because the US goverment is completley paralized now that the Smithsonian and the Park Service are closed and only the DOD, CIA, DIA, NSA, Dept of State, Supreme Court, Congress, White House are left operating. ""A superpower has paralyzed itself. The unthinkable has happened."" - Europe reacts to US government shutdown"
Just like in the campaigns The lack of Miriam is disturbing
This is creepy as fuck Ok...
Everywhere that isn't LA Free Agency locations less desirable than Milwakuee
"RCM, we need to talk. Yo dog, I heard you like coins. How about some coins on a coin. RCM, you crazy."
"Maybe they don't know much about WoW, and just looked up a cool character Sooooo... We have a tauren archDRUID Hamuul. So we give him as a legendary to SHAMAN. That feels wrong to be honest :D"
Stem A livable salary.
"because, obviously, bullets shot by women deal less damage than by men I don't have a source for this, but this was discussed in a course I took on american warfare. Our professor said that when McKinley mentioned the idea to his Secretary of War (or whomever the equivalent of the SecDef would be), he was told that Army generals wouldn't allow women on the front line in any case, regardless of cost or training."
"Oh yeah he shows Bjergson who's boss... I know Azir is a beast champion, but Fenix is also legitimately good at it. He makes most other western Azir players look like shit."
The FCO advice makes it sound like the tourist destination of the year! I'd also have a quiet word with citizens advice and have a look at the foreign and commonwealth office travel advice site as further information.
Beta as fuck. I like having conversations with my girlfriend. I must not be a true man since I like when she talks.
"Cause they're dangerous, silent, assassin tools and you wouldn't need them unless you wanted to kill babies! Yes. Why wouldn't they be?"
BUT HOW DID THEY MAKE FEMALE CHARACTERS? No time or resources
If only he had tied it higher and drove away faster it woulda worked out perfect Remove palm tree with a pick up truck. WCGW?
just be a ddoser and you can win all games and play normals Would you rather win all rank games but never play normals again OR only play normals? Would you sacrifice your 5 party normal game or give up your chance at challenger?
Thick AF I wonder how Tess Monster would look in these :D
great post Great pack
"YAY more middle management! Technology has created more jobs than it has destroyed, says 140 years of data"
Nah m8 since it's already almost too toxic to have 20 stacks anyway What if Mejai's and Sword of the Occult changed picture or glowed or something for our glorious 20 stacks
"I thought he was saving tech for NCR and if he loses there for EVO obviously. The ""old school"" dudes are trash at SFV Graham wolfe gets bodied by kbad, doesn't even know how to deal with cammys shit divekick and gets bodied by shimmy's lmfao"
"Right, because all those people making $30k a year now are driving rents up higher than their entire monthly income! This is why raising the minimum wage only helps to line the pockets of ""the man"" and doesn't really affect the quality of life for those that earn it. Shit flows downhill but money flows up."
"Thanks for making the text so very easy to read. Joseph Kony, modern Christian prophet"
"get off ur high horse we cant all be employed I don't have anywhere near what can be classified as '100 posts a day', so no."
"I can't think of a better solution to financial problems than abolishing the Fed, can you? Ron Paul would. The rest... not so much."
"He donated to the Clinton Foundation, so he's obviously in her pocket. The one that even the Republican FBI director said there wasn't any evidence to indict her for?"
"[Goetia?] My favorite spoiler. ""That booty tho."" Few hours later I knew exactly who that person was talking about"
i doubt they could demolish that freeway. It would look better without the freeway.
"BECAUSE DRAGONBALL IS ABOUT FIGHTING AND NOT CHARACTERS, YOU IDIOT Why is Gohan not allowed to just be smart? Everyone always complains about how he doesn't train and wants to be a scholar, but why is that bad? Gohan just likes school man"
"UGH HOW DARE YOU INSULT GLORIOUS MLS DOWNVOTE I'm one of those Debby Downers about the MLS. I find it pretty poor football quality, even though i still support my local team. This is still impressive as fuck. Anytime i watch a Sounders game the crowd is astounding. Honestly when i go to Quakes games its pretty fun too!"
"That's how much **courage** costs these days The price of the dongles is more upsetting than needing dongles. $50 for USB-C to Thunderbolt 2 $20 for USB-C to USB $25 for USB-C to Lightning $70 for USB-C to HDMI $70 for USB-C to VGA I couldn't imagine spending $4,300 on a maxed out MacBook Pro and then being told I need to spend an extra $50 to connect my Thunderbolt external hard drive to it."
"That's going to help her grow up well-balanced and happy isn't it? Footballer Adam Johnson, sentenced to 6 years in prison for kissing a 15 year old and smeared as pedophile in media, has all contact with 1 year old daughter severed after ex hands her the phone to say hello to her father."
Don't you mean an Anonymous mask? Her face looks like a V for Vendetta mask.
"Yes, flying nuclear-capable bombers right next to another country, in the middle of a political confrontation, has nothing to do with war or military threats. What does this have to do with war? Military interceptions happen all the time, and Russia and NATO would never consider war with each other."
4.5? Played on and off for almost 2 years or something now. Halfway to lvl 9
Oh I thought you were throwing shade at MisterWives no actually i meant emotion and dangerous woman as they are good albums and 1989 is a bad album
Big wrench or tiny hands? Found a big Allen wrench in my lab
"I think he means less Croatian Oy! What do you mean, less euro? By the way, I think we're still mostly on RayBans over here."
"Yes, because some people may disagree about whether a particular individual is a tyrant, there are no such things as tyrants. Who decides who is a tyrant and who isn't? Seems like a very slippery slope."
"The game crashes to desktop when you try to pick up wounded soldiers or end a turn under certain conditions, which is really fun for my campaign Haven't played since February, what's changed? Got the game for my birthday, was having a blast and got stuck, decided I'd come back to it later and then my college classes started. What do I need to know? I'm aware the DLC's have all dropped by now. Will they be present in my existing campaign or will I need to start a new one? Any other tips or news is appreciated."
"Wow, look at this white knight Nah, I think it's fucked up that once breasts are able to be seen in the slightest in a picture everyone screams karmawhore. Just because you can see her tits, and you think they are nice, doesn't mean that was her sole purpose for posting the picture. This is the shit that guys don't have to deal with and then claim they understand, we don't. We can walk around topless in public and the most we will get is *potentially* someone being like ""yo dude, put a shirt on."" Girls deal with shit like catcalling and ogling when they are fully clothed, and then they come here and post a pretty innocent pic of a bong rip and get told ""she knows what she's doing."" She's wearing a fucking tanktop and showing some mild cleavage, she has nice boobs; I think they'd probably look nice no matter how she took the picture and I think the only way people would be not calling out how her boobs exist would be if she took the picture from behind, then everyone would be like ""omg gurls posting ass for easy karma amhagahd front page, I don't want this picture to even be in my feed because I had to look at it and then it destroyed me for some reason."" I'm just gonna call it how I see it: a good portion of trees can be pretty sexist most of the time and that's pretty lame. But hey, maybe I'm the one who is wrong. If I am at least my viewpoint doesn't demonize people unnecessarily. /rant [6]"
"Psh, she's asian, that means she's by definition a martial arts expert! Sure.. But she's not a martial artist, so far as I've read, just an actor with a strong fight choreography team."
"You must be fun to be around ""Oh you're getting so handsome now!"" Many people after I lost 40lbs. Guess they all thought I was ugly."
"Wolves, ay we? Classic Wolverhampton, why do I live here..."
"Give them your neighbour's address and watch from afar. Getting weird messages from ""new vendors"" This is not specifically for r/darknetmarkets, it also applies to r/rcsources and r/researchchemicals. I got a message today from a ""new vendor"" who asked if I wanted to give me samples for ""reviews to get his name out there"". Obviously pretty sketchy, I just ignored it. I checked the accounts reddit history, the account was made that day and no posts, comments etc... I know this probably happens quite often, but I just wanted to warn you guys to be careful. Responding to those types of messages is horrible opsec"
I'm sure he needed lots of convincing... His wife is the one who convinced him to do this movie. Chill.
"Yeah, fuck that guy! Is having shitty, neon-coloured hair a requirement for working in ""Gaming Journalism"" now?"
Probably called him an Uncle Tom who doesn't know he's voting against his own interests and that they need to vote for Democrats who aren't racist. Black man and war vet gets shot for being a Trump supporter
"Plot twist, he's black and gets shot I'm gonna go with whenever he gets in any car to go somewhere, there's a cop right near him the second the car starts moving. The cop may turn somewhere he's not going, but the second that cop is out of sight another cop car appears and drives with him. It's one of those things that if you're not doing anything wrong you shouldn't feel anxious but fuck, who doesn't get anxious from driving by a cop?"
"Here, you forgot your I like Doc though."
"Awesome, now I can watch TPM again! A good read, it helps shed a bit more light on Darth Maul if you're interested in him. I don't think you'd have to read anything before it, it's a good foreshadowing to Phantom Menace though."
Your iPhone? My trash can has a better money for quality value.
"""he never said those things"" Wonder what straight up honest Christian good man Pence would have to say about this."
You can't be from the Balkans and be gay at the same time. that im gay and i love buttholes
000webhost Looking for free webhosting Me and buddy are working on a little web based game so we would like to have a webhost for it. Sadly we are either unemployment or a student so we can't afford to pay for this just yet. We are looking for something that would support the following: - .NET 4.5 or higher - MSSQL 2014 Any recommendations would be highly helpful. Thanks!
"But the girl had sex with an underage boy because it's still statutory rape. regardless if she consented or not, he still had sex with an underage girl."
"PFF.. We Scouts take that health pack because NO otha' class is better or more important then us! Nah, Scouts are always the biggest douchebags."
"NORV TURNER FOR OC McCoy for OC, Rex Ryan for DC and Pagano for HC. None of these things will happen :("
You forgot the That tends to happen when you have such great character.
"Are you sure it wasn't a groceries reference You told me to ""Stay Fresh"" at the grocery store I was your cashier! This was in Seattle. You said you were going to be an inkling for Halloween. I had the Splatoon button. This may be ultra creepy, but you are the first adult who has talked to me about Splatoon and I just wanna make a friend. ARE YOU OUT THERE"
"They serve food on trains, right? How are you gonna eat?"
Stunningly factual reply. ummmmmm no
You mean NiKo right? ask someone routing for mouz ._.
"Yep, because all refugees are terrorists Solidarity with refugees against the people of Lesbos. Honestly it's becoming harder and harder to defend HH."
Yeah that's totally gay Wait so a random stranger accepted to go with another stranger to eat at restaurant together?
"Yeah I know, there's 20 games they couldn't win, what a bunch of lazy bastard. 60-8-12. 387 goals for, 171 against. They were okay, I guess."
The only logical explanation is that the polls are fixed Clinton leads Trump by 12 points in Reuters/Ipsos poll
"What are these ""Weapon Parts"" you speak of, good sir? You and me both. They're both already at a premium and they're lowering the rate....why? My Strange Coin stash is slowly diminishing and my weapon parts are gone every time I hit 10."
"They're not corrupt, they're just big business, and we need to support big business so we can have the American dream. Breaking news : OC votes in corrupt assholes"
"If you ignore that Ashe got nerfed after that.... yes, nice job Riot. You forgot dat Ashe too. Riot are doing things pretty well by me."
"Looks more like RS3 than OSRS, downvoted. Lumbridge Castle Render"
Is that ExGon's profile CTB still has such broken PP....
"I bet they curl up in an embryo position and cry because you don't invite them anymore to eat *nothing*. It's when they try to push that choice on other people it becomes the problem. I have friends who are vegans. When I invite them to a barbecue they show up expecting to be catered to their self-imposed dietary restrictions including a meat-free side of the grill and separate utensils. When I go to their house, there is no meat offered. End result: I don't go to their barbecues and they aren't invited to mine."
"Yes, he abandons it so much that were only 3rd in rushing yards for the whole league instead of first like last year. Doesn't Kyle Shanahan have the same ""the run is working too well to keep using it"" problem?"
"Hey... Allah is the one true God and anyone who doesn't believe that should be killed...oh and by the way if you criticize my belief that you are the enemy and should be killed, you are an islamophobic racist Makes me fucking sick. I can't stand the idea religion is infallible if enough people believe it. I don't think you're a moron because of who your parents are, where you were born or the color of your skin- I think your a moron because you believe this stuff and that's not exclusive to Islam. People will call you racist for disagreeing fundamentally with someone's religion"
"But at least the kids are learning to fight poverty and concepts of beauty instead of using drugs and having sex I was really excited for this album... But the lyrics are killing me. I loved everything before this, but man... Everything sounds the fucking same. It's also a real shame this was released so close to Architects. Lost Forever // Lost Together has ruined every other album for me this month."
no tears? usually a mix of dirt and oil with some blood from time to time
"Gotta have somebody between the mainland and those damn Frenchies. Channel Islands here - Can confirm as long as you have a proper safe and clean record, you should be good to go."
"Of course they are, genitals are shameful creations of the devil! I found out the other day that my kids cannot call genitalia by their proper names. ""Penis"" and ""vagina"" are banned words in the public schools here. I'm pretty sure I cringed and face-palmed at the same time. Like, what the fuck are you supposed to say? Dingle and hoo-ha? What kind of shit is that? It just feeds into the whole ""embarrassed about sex"" thing that's so prevalent in the US and really fucking stupid, to boot. I told my kids to never *ever* be embarrassed to call genitalia by their proper names; there's nothing shameful about having genitals!"
Really glad I sold my extra Gideons like the day before this announcement New New Standard
"Taurus Only 1911 I'd ever get other than a Colt is a Springfield, although I've been tempted by S&amp;W because I do love the slide serrations on my M&amp;P."
"Yeah, my pecs are always pumped as fuck after deads. All the muscles used in a Deadlift"
Of course the ONLY explanation is that there are now three times more users. Pot Busts Triple After Voters Make Marijuana Lowest Priority for Police
"Everyone always wants to know that a total stranger is about to orgasm to their picture, right? Got this in response to my post on r/PrettyGirlsUglyFaces"
"Heathen! Meanwhile I sit here calling it a Dot ""G"" ""I"" ""F"""
"Must be why your win% is shit funny how there are players you see frequently but are never your teammates. i feel like I'm always on the opposite team when playing with zexer, runthajewels, and skwid"
The human eye can only see at 30 FPS though! Why limit yourself! 1000fps
"Back off, he's mine~! have my babies Dozier"
"To be fair, the gays are here to destroy the traditional family. I bet he's going to the cottage. He'll be back in time to fulminate against the Pride parade for his nutty supporters."
"#THE GREEN FROG IS A WEAPON WHITE SUPREMACISTS USE TO COMMUNICATE HATE SPEECH ON THE INTERNET #WHERE PEPE GOES, I GO"
No...didn't you know the Wild Rose party say's cig smoke does good things. Hey r/edmonton. This is just something you could do to help a fellow redditor out and show a bit of courtesy in your every day life.
What a surprise! The NSA is secretly backdooring US-made internet routers before shipping
"But since it's through the bottom rope, and it's NXT, it's awesome and better than any suicide dive in WWE. It's a suicide dive, a move you see several times a week."
"Not to mention that there's gonna be plenty of new water coming in the next 20-30 years as the ice caps continue to melt. Eh, the water one isn't really a big issue. It's not like the water disappears when you drink it. It'll make its way back into the ecosystem. While there are local droughts, largely due to occupying places that aren't naturally wet (I.e. parts of California), and there are cities where clean water is scarce, due to poor hygiene practices (i.e. in India). You consuming clean water in [random other places] isn't going to affect those issues at all."
"Ya no way they will use Blizzcon to do main client releases, its just another day. Sombra will be added to the PTR after or during Blizzcon"
"You're welcome :-) You guys would do the same for us when America decides to come stomping down our door, right? My city today. Thank you liberators!"
"Oh, everybody downvote the guy who is honestly voicing his feelings towards the video in an innocent manner because his opinion is slightly out of balance with the hivemind. Cute, but probably not very healthy."
"Nonetheless the Anchor has beaten the Orion, so nerf the anchor Out of 50."
I'm sure placing more money and power into the hands of the federal government will vanish all of the corporate-government corruption in DC. News Anchor Completely Loses It For The Best Possible Reason
"But something something you can't be racist towards white people because something something PatriarKKKal repooplicans something something More racism from the tolerant left ""It's so easy to get white people scared"""
my life is now complte YSK how to sharpen a pencil.
"Yea but where the free stuff? I think the point has more to do with the fact that how poor you are is ultimately your own choice, not based on who you vote for. No party is going to bring you out of poverty, it's up to you. But there is no denying that democrats, who seem to make all of the promises to help minorities, have been terrible at doing so. We believe conservatives create the best setting for people to become successful and get out of poverty, but it still relies on individual motivation."
"Omg you're right, op should praise you for your superior knowledge and experience and discredit any and all work he has done or seen unless it's yours. Advanced? I maintain a home with 44 lighting enclosures and almost 1200 loads. And that's 1 house. How is this advanced?"
But he didn't do it in Europe! Neymar goal to make it 2-0 against Spain
Bitter Lakers fan! Plot twist: that was actually Dwight going for a 3
"It's not like companies have ever bullied their employees by threatening to shut down if politician X gets elected. Whenever jobs and the environment clash, the voters choose jobs."
"I'm not sure guys, it doesn't look photoshoped to me Sneak Peak at new FBI Technology from Cyberland"
"How funny Or how high, depending on your state of mind."
"ahem its Thackeray you bourgeois pig no, but you can Raj Thakre while you Raj Thakre."
"yeah, she made an illegal right turn and smelled of alcohol; the Guard should have waved her on And still under the legal limit."
Western individualism is just evolving... The irony is leftists fighting against leftists. Everyone thinks they're a special snowflake and wants their own special day (and free money too).
Beautiful 480p too! Beautiful Overload of Blackheads
totally unplayable... The tree guy was edited
HEY IT'S THE CONCEPT ALRIGHT! According to people lately seems banning fph was it.
"It's not necessary, but you'll likely die Yes. You need to be white."
"Yea having your work copied and taken credit for is great Again, who gives a fuck. People copy all the time. Be happy, imitation is the sincerest form of flattery."
"And XJ9 too, while we're at it? Free Incarnati0n"
"Well, we already have Maori seats in parliament so why not? I remember reading about how Iwi leaders want their own Maori court system, Maori prison (have sentences carried out on the Marae) the 'jury by peers' for Maori by Maori. I mean if I asked for only all white Scottish folks as my peers I would be laughed at maybe called racist."
I thought that was amazing. I WISH YOU DIED IN THE WOMB
"Not even once? this picture should be titled ""Marijuana."" and thats it. so awesome lol"
Yeah but lawyers are pencil necked dweebs. I don't know about that. I'm a lawyer and wear a tie to work (almost) every day. I only ever use the four-in-hand. Most other lawyers I see use the knot as well. The Windsor is antiquated and overly formal if you ask me.
I too only started caring about qualification after I found out the cabinet will be diverse. Canada's new PM Justin Trudeau appointed the most diverse and gender-equal cabinet in history
"They have to give extra yards for Elliot to rush so they can call him the greatest ever. Wait, they actually called holding on Dallas?!"
I guess you're much more progressive than me. well I'm scared of midgets so
"What is your full name, date of birth and credit card number? AMA... ^yes, ^next ^person ^can ^ask ^me ^anything. ^Also, ^AKA ^guy ^missed ^a ^good ^^pun"
"omg no your a typical case of internalized homophobia. Oh, this shit... This is why I don't talk about my sexuality that much. Because the LGBT community, which was once upon a time supportive of each other, has been co-opted by SJWs. Here is an example of how gays are cannibalizing themselves. Apparently, you have to be a certain type of gay - otherwise you are some sort of gay homophobe. This intersectionality shit pisses me off. Can't I just be like dick without having to adopt some sort of fucking SJW ideology?"
"Just try harder What are some ways you combat your ADHD that don't involve medication? I've read a number of posts in this subreddit, and it seems like most people encourage others to get prescription drugs to help them function. While I'm happy for those of you who find this to be a good solution, it does not work for me. I was diagnosed in high school, and put on Adderall which most certainly helped for a few months, but loss of appetite, lack of sleep, and lack of any sort of creative output really took its toll. Even worse is that these negative consequences lingered long after my body stopped responding to the positive aspects of the drug (easier to concentrate, organize, etc). I ended up losing a lot of weight and feeling like a complete zombie most of the time. I want to work to find ways to live with ADHD and not let it control my life, but I am confident that my solution doesn't lie in taking medication. Does anyone else feel this way? What do you do to help yourself focus, manage your time effectively, not always be late?"
"Yeah man, cuz everyone knows amendola has a history of concussing players and shredding ACL's That hit was almost as dirty as Burficts!!! Still proud of your boys?"
"Be careful, that's borderline racism... Exactly. Quarter of the worlds population, and people are surprised when there's roughly a quarter of the worlds crime."
"This must be why other developed nations always apply this method. No it doesn't. If you rush a cop, attack him, try to take his gun.....expect to get shot. Cops have the right to defend themselves too, even with deadly force. Nothing out of whack about it."
B-but the Kiev are the good guys! Ukrainian Artillery Strikes Town in Lugansk Region
"I wonder why people think these redditurds are creeps... ""Duct tape turns No No No into Mmm Mmm Mmm."" ""This comment is sexy as hell."""
I really think op and her bf can live happily ever after if he just lets go of his unfounded jealousy.... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA shit
Dude that's oppressive Where's the club for white people
"That's where everyone went wrong, they kept their money in when they found out it was a Ponzi scheme. I'd have joined in the scam with all my lifesavings then pulled out after a decent return had I known it was a ponzi. Ofcourse, I'd have to know the size of his fund and investors. It's all about pulling out at the right time."
"Goddamnit stop directing people to my main, People go play Annie mid she's freelo and hidden op No he isn't. He is really mechanicly demanding and hard to play and can't kill anyone unless really far ahead and doesn't do much damage or have much CC. You are better off with Viktor hes much easier."
"So true, savings $10 on a tank of gas makes me want to just get out of the house and drive around the city for fun.... I predict low fuel prices will make congestion worse. Gas needs to be taxed more."
No way man totally getting screwed This a joke?
dont lose. How to actually profit on Fanobet??
"Zeus following nip , nip zeus confirmed Looks like zeus found a new team."
"Is this a new autopilot feature - if you get sick it will drive you to the nearest hospital? 'Man says Tesla Autopilot drove him to the hospital, saved his life'"
Bu...but....that's not nearly as profitable than the current method. Treat addiction as a mental and health problem instead of putting people in jail for it
"But don't worry guys; the religious texts 3 or 4 times this old are perfect translations of your god's words... TIL ""Pandora's Box"" was actually ""Pandora's Jar"". A translation error made 500 years ago has persisted to this day."
"You forgot the Seriously though, babies are supposed to be fat so they can grow big and strong."
"That's a Javelin Class Destroyer, not Bush. I've got a new card on my deck"
Ma poi pubblicano le notizie sull stampa? L'arte di hackerare le persone: ingegneria sociale
And it will be a clear indicator that American audiences just don't care about anime adaptations! this will flop
"Yes, this is exactly what Apple fans were saying when the Mac vs PC commercials were airing. It makes it clear who the leader is and also makes it clear that they have nothing positive to offer. Let them keep doing it."
"I think he just forgot his This isn't simply an update. This was a complete, from scratch, re-do. The fact that Mir is offering a discount at all is generous and a nice show of appreciation to his customers."
the driller killer? Sips meeting a fan
"Yes, thats why he is the head coach of Cavs Is David Blatt slightly retarded?"
"Yeah not criminals, cameras are because all cops are terrible people. LOL!! Video cameras everywhere have got to be the biggest adversary the police have ever encountered."
"C'mon, everyone knows Scorpion has a teleport. I got the laggiest of Scorpions"
The track record of appointments of this govt has been par excellence so I can totally see where you got your confidence Nice strawman building there btw. Has a successor been appointed? I have nothing against Rajan but if you think his academic pedigree is the only thing of note then even a nut job like Swamy was a Harvard econ professor. Why not put those pitchforks down and wait and see who's appointed?
"That blast crater is smaller than I expected. 30-ton meteor discovered in Argentina. Video of the historical moment in which extracted the meteorite ""Gancedo"" Two weeks ago."
"It's endgame 10/10 if you don't have those materials by then, then they're not for you Not with those building requirements."
"You're right, since it's not there at launch, there's no way they'll ever add it in later If battering other players was really important to them, it would have been part of the game on release. Battering and trading with other players is never going to happen."
I wonder why A girl tried this once with me at a party. I think she had blonde hair. I didn't get good look at her for some reason.
"Cause it was the last one, duh. I'd be very interested to see Rona Munro return. Survival was one of the most modern feeling episodes of the classic series, so it seems like a perfect fit."
More MMOs with everything instanced is exactly what the MMO world needs. Instances would fix this
"Pretty weird that this thread isn't banned yet, seeing as how XT is an altcoin and is off topic. Today I reread the whitepaper: The XT manifesto might not be that consistent with Satoshi's original vision"
"yeah but that would be age-ist Yeah part of me wants to become active in some type of movement to at least make elderly have to retake the test, like after they start receiving social security or something but my lawyer said to not rock the boat just yet"
"I love these posts where they play some game and their name is a h3h3 reference, so fucking funny XDDDDDDD Goofin in rainbow six"
According to a girl on my facebook changing genders is as easy as changing clothes.. So obviously ur comment isnt factual Men and Women have different anatomy structures and it shows in an extremely difficult physical course? Fucking. Shocking.
"*"" Why does the world hate us so much, we have the right to defend ourselves you know and everyone who hates us is anti Semitic""* -Israel Yes, yes. Go here. This is where you should gather. We won't strike that area, I promise. Everybody there? Good. Open fire."
Then obviously he should be fired because gays don't deserve jobs and if you're paying that gay then you're supporting homosexuality and jesus hates you for that. But what if they're a gay couple that just adopted?
"Not sure how it'd be that much different from them playing COD I'm pretty sure it was Hutch. That whole thing is funny to me because Hutch isn't exactly a pro at CS himself. I'd like to see OMOO play CS, it'd be fun watching them yell at each other playing a game that I assume none of them are very good at."
"Yeah, the media is going to jump on a story about a Christian threatening an Atheist As long as the media picks it up and runs with it, this is true, but remember, the media has a lot of stories to choose from, there is no guarantee that they will pick up this story at all."
"Brigham Young didn't lead anyone astray with that, he only prevented millions of people of African descent from enjoying the blessings of the temple, which in turn probably caused many more to not want to join the church to begin with... But it's not like he made anyone go astray! ""We will not, and cannot, lead you astray."" Simple Version, inspired by jesus_smith"
"Yep, that completely makes sense. Debate my theory Okay here we go what exist outside the universe nothing if you were to take everything out of the universe what are you be left with ? Nothing. Picture that. God is nothing it is neither good or bad, and can become anything, which parallels with human thought from start to finish. (starts from nothing ends at a thought / reaction) if you compare it with human/biological thought aswell as chemical reactions you'd find it has many similarities to thought start at nothing, take a base product, (senses) take a reaction, (the world around us) and an end product. (thought) I would describe it as a being, its infinite power is that even though it is ""no thing"" it thought and provoked itself without it having to react to anything, which would mean it is absolute. It exists outside of time and space but it has thought a reaction has occurred (the Big Bang) to which the universe is expanding pressing out into nothing's being but yet does not hinder it in any way in theory there should be an infinite number of these possible other universes however due to the fact there is no limit as to what it can create to which it could have created realities that have no comparisons to ours. To put it in perspective look at the stars. Each star represents a universe all different and nothing is the space inbetween this would mean that that it can coexist between in space time and nothing and therefore would make it our creator."
"And as we all know, militaries are stronger when soldiers don't meet the requirements to fight! I know, and it is the same in all the branches (I'm a Veteran). The concept of gender-normed standards didn't really matter for combat units for years, since women weren't allowed in them. However, now with them ordering them open to all, one of the stipulations was that there would be no changes to standards for things like RIP/ROP (Ranger Batt selection), BUDs (SEALs) SFAS (Special Forces) etc. etc. It all sounds great on paper, but, like I said earlier, I give it a few years when no woman has passed BUDs or SFAS, and the Feminists will claim that it MUST be because of sexism that no woman has passed, so they'll demand either gender-normed PT standards, or basically put so much pressure on Politicians that units will be forced to pass women who failed."
"Rondo, we need another point guard We might need it to stay in the playoff race while Bledsoe is out. Can't think of a specific name right now though."
"And then hang their corpse from the light post as a warning to others. Yes, it's definitely better to commit murder instead."
No they're being used for 128 tick servers in Source 2 Maybe valve's Indian servers are the first to be become unranked competitve Kappa
I guess the driver just has a cold heart. formula 1 car in thermal vision
"Yeah, makes it easier to read. Thank god they put the records in there"
But what if my internet gets disconnected while playing? Or just remove the local client's logic completely and wait for the server to report the tool as broken/zero durability; that's how they solved a similar issue with fishing I believe.
But what if they recognized your handwriting? It's probably cheaper to just buy your own eggplant.
"You are crazy, how can you say that, you history nerd? To judge is human. All evidence from the last few thousand years of human history points to it being our primary obsession."
I'm sure no such thing happened between the Roosevelt presidencies He doesn't because that is not what happened
Apparently not a white one What type of player does Stanford need to field to win one? Some superhuman? They and McCaffrey got jobbed.
Iron man chest piece is wrong... 0/10. I made a drawing on Snapchat since I'm so hyped for Civil War
Try this next time: I was joking. I agree with you.
"It's ok though, I heard that if it's legitimate then women have a way to shut that whole thing down. Yeah, but again, that's choosing between killing one or five. This is choosing between one unavoidable death or one unavoidable death and an avoidable death and picking the latter. It's just killing someone with no benefit."
But OP looks like a ricer! Those came with the wing
"Apache Chief and Samurai aren't even real fucking characters, but I guess they're closer to real than any woman. Sorry, but no shirt should have Kalibak, Red Tornado and Dr. Sivana on without having at least Wonder Woman, Black Canary and Starfire."
Sounds like a fantastic place to grow up. All teenagers need this framed on their walls
"No, see, Sanders is going to use his impeccable speaking and consensus-building skills--better than Obama's even--to do better than Barack Obama did on every issue. CNN 6th Democratic Presidential debate 3/6/2016 (Live Stream)"
"See, if only Hillary spoke in inferences and slogans, and called every lie sarcasm like Trump it would have been on the level It is just you."
Are you unemployed or something? If you can afford it. London is outrageously expensive.
"I mean it's no Homerun Game 112: Cincinnati Reds (45-65) @ St. Louis Cardinals (58-53) **Cardinals Lineup** 1) Carpenter, 2B 2) Piscotty, RF 3) Holliday, LF 4) Moss, 1B 5) Molina, C 6) Peralta, SS 7) Gyorko, 3B 8) Pham, CF 9) Wacha, P **Reds Lineup** 1) Hamilton, CF 2) Cozart, SS 3) Votto, 1B 4) Duvall, LF 5) Phillips, 2B 6) Schebler, RF 7) Suarez, 3B 8) Barnhart, C 9) Reed, P"
"If your taste aren't the same as mine you just aren't smart enough to understand them Yeah, but having different tastes is independent of intelligence."
"Didn't you know, every software engineer is a transcended genius the company is LUCKY to have ""PSA for devs: if you don't make $100k you're underpaid"" - why the amerocentrism and everyone wanting leverage in Silicon Valley"
thanks for being a troll on a comment made 2 month ago.. you look very very smart Thanks for explaining the idea behind tipping.
"Yeah, Bush was the first person ever to say that. And remember when Vader said something along the lines of ""if you're not with me, then you're my enemy""? That's very similar to what Bush said trying to get support for the War on Terror."
Too bad he couldn't turn the clock back to 2006 when he would get every call. Dwyane Wade turns back the clock
"Because turning over control of literally everything to people who have no interest in even performing at an acceptable level, due to guaranteed subsidies and no-bid contracts, are going to do *such* a good job. Exactly. I'd love to see the government build and maintain these Wind farms, hyperloops, roads, railways, solar plants, electrical grids for decades. It'd turn our entire country into shit Section 8. Government doesn't build, manage, maintain, and allocate jobs/ funding for works like that. Drive on a public road. Its shit. Now drive on a private toll road. I'm constantly astounded that some posters here truly have no clue how farfetched their utopian dream is and how big government is the solution to everything/anything."
"Clearly, they meant to express their political dissastisfaction with the policies of Israel Manhattan - NYPD: Jewish Couple, Strolling Streets Of Upper East Side, Attacked In Bias Incident - JP Updates"
yeah i know how those christians hate NASA Probably be 60 states large with the newer ones on the moon. Progress would be booming in all industries and we would accept logic into our hearts.
"No you're not, you don't have LEDs I'm one of you guys today!"
"Not from the Tesla CPO site, you could always try eBay Don't you get to haggle for the price of a used Tesla anyway?"
"Pixar is CGI? you get complaint about CGI when too much of the movie is CGI for no good reasons. SW ep 1,2 and 3 had that. THe hobbit movies do too. Too much CGI is like not enough. Good producers will put just enough to get a good image but not too much so it doesn't look like a Pixar movie."
"Yeah because everyone in the south is a backwards ass bigot. I think you are 100% right, but in my opinion you are overlooking a big problem with BLM - the people that need to be persuaded are not people like you. In my personal experience (I'm a liberal and I live in an urban liberal area), when people are asked their opinion of BLM the typical response is ""Well I agree with what they are *trying to say*, but the way they go about it is wrong/offensive/divisive, etc."" In other words, the actions of BLM are potentially turning away allies. The lack of cohesion, the lack of clearly stated goals and the almost forced suppression of candid discussion are not helping the cause. And of course the media will instigate, blow out of proportion, and focus on the divisive nature of the situation. But that is something that we should come to expect by now and be vigilant to not give them any occasion to do so. Don't yell at Bernie Sanders, don't block ambulances, don't invade college libraries or whatever. Doing this will only draw media attention and BLM will continue to be painted as a disorganized, aggressive movement. I understand that you, me, many of my friends and a lot of reddit can see past the noise, but that doesn't mean that the rest of America can (I'm looking at you, the South...). Don't give the bigots ammunition for their racism."
"such dominant, so persuade, wow ""im ur master now"""
"Wrong subreddit bro, you should post this on r/WTF. Apparently our version is the downgrade?"
"New meta: complain about hand/wrist/arm injury after bad performances Richard Papillon on Twitter: ""So much pain in my hand since few days, defintly need to go to doctor...."""
Yea but we all know how much the RNC peruses Reddit. But this is a Reddit thread
"At my high school a group of kids shot a deer and left it on the band's trailer... hilarious. This just reminds me of the fact that at my high school, there is a tradition of all the graduating students pulling a senior prank. It's always been a tradition, but this year we had an assembly where a cop told us that if we pull a prank this year, we will all be getting charged. It's lunacy."
Your biased research can say whatever it wants but I feel a million times safer carrying a loaded gun everywhere. Op ed: Aggravated assault with guns has risen 43% since concealed carry legalized in WI
"Well let's deregulate and become like Mexico then Under-rated comment. It isn't the ""cheap labour"", it's all the regulation. Regulation is what kills economies because it makes the barrier to entry so much higher. You need to employ a huge legal team to decipher the laws and regulations that eats up a huge percentage of profits."
"She'll be a good, and faithful wife Bridesmaids pics hey? Nsfw"
I really thought Iowa would make it to the playoff What were you wrong about this season?
"Sure I'll give some random internet person an account that I payed with my own money, so they can do whatever they want with it Rapid Gator Prem' Acc'"
Sooners obviously represent the white man stealing native american land and therefore should not be idolized. Non-punctual people?
"they better be ralph lauren polo shirts, and those real ones too, otherwise no deal When you're trying to make a gaming PC, but all you have is that wendy's money."
"Indeed, the pain is growing Growing pains."
Muslims aren't doing enough about ISIS Top Muslim leader urges broader action against Islamist militants
you posted the wrong side Glorious AF.
Which one of our many amazing AMs are you talking about? The 4-3-1-2 is so fluid and so dynamic with our extremely fast attacking midfielders who can zig-zag across the enemy team and split open their defense.
No the world revolves around America didn't you know? There are two hemisphere...
Probably how good the game play will be as well on ps vr First image of ARK on PS VR
"You forgot one part though, they coded the map rotation the same way they coded the vault space so it's literally impossible to add any more at this point. Well seeing as a players heavy ammo disappearing on respawn has everything to do with the maps in a playlist I think I have found the problem"
"Ah the ""how to tell this Is suicide hard demon"" song Seriously Cataclysm Blood bath Sonic wave Here is my first level, Temporal Shift! It's 1.9, but I think I did a pretty good job. It's also got user coins :P"
"Ah, and you know how much I love compliments. Hue. It's a compliment &lt;3 ^^you ^^beautiful ^^woman"
NA would always lose then Well why can't wars be solved like this?
the comments under the article indicate their readership consists of only putinbots or the british are not falling for western narrative.. it has to be putinbots Russia accuses UK of helping Islamic State by 'protecting terrorists who finance jihadis'
Too early in the morning to tweet the games out OpTic Gaming Twitter hasn't made ONE tweet about cevo/Gfinity finals... The CSGO team have played two best of 3's in the last two days but there have been no tweets about it on the official OG Twitter page.
yeah but only in japan Sooooo normal Diancie at some point right??
I think you forgot to add Bullshit. The natives are paid to allow this exploiting on their land. The love iphones and toyotas.
Central planning is good when brought about by the free market. Just merge every corporation into one that controls everything and get it over with.
"How dare you base medical policy on statistics? Well to be fair the decision is backed by medical science. 2/3 of cases of hiv are from men who have sex with men. It is not a ban on gays.. Rather based on sexual behaviour and that is important. Although as you have indicated this has a very heavy overlap with homosexual men. It would be wonderful to have no restrictions on precluding well meaning people from donating... But right now the science backs a deferral period.. In the UK it is a 12 month period. Rather than a blanket ban (so UK behaviour is discussed in this post, i cant speak for other nations)"
"Tell me about the Osama Bin Laden behind the headlines. Welcome to how the majority of people think, nobody cares to see the people behind the sensational headlines. Of course a child is going to join Islamic State when hes been told his whole life the greatest thing you can be is a jihadist, it's like these people actually believe every person in Islamic state agrees with or even knows about everything that ISIS does."
"BUT... VIOLENCE! Video gaming causes increases in the brain regions responsible for spatial orientation, memory formation and strategic planning as well as fine motor skills, a new study has shown"
After 3 minutes of checking your past comments; yeah you're totally not toxic. Thanks now i gotta find a game to play till Nov 11th
Says lot about those gods now doesn't it Who hangs out with literal gods
Oh no the liberals are out to get me! Northern California. It to me is liberal as liberal gets around here. Too much for me.
Don't steal my nick! FUCK TEAMERS
Funny....... Fly You Fools
"Haile's Bitch Slime I mean yeah... It's blue, but that's not the centerpiece of the flair..."
"Leave brother Tommy alone! Or better yet, why the hell did they not just title the handbook section, ""Children LIVING WITH a Parent In a Same-Gender Relationship"" in the first place? How hard would that have been?"
"its actually pretty good, i jam to it when i work out. Paris Hilton released an album?"
"Attach dumbbells to either end of your steering wheel to give your forearms a good workout I'd love to hear this. I'm stuck in city traffic a solid 30 minutes per day. Fuck stretches, get some dumbells and start curling ;)"
Its* It's okay
Yeah because we should be blaming Dempsey for not getting one past Courtois instead Stop telling me what to do
"Die less, problem avoided Rant: This has probably already been ranted about, but it's been pissing me off lately. R Ok, am I the only one who hates that we aren't on some sort of mount when we die to get to our bodies faster? Or that we could at least fly? (I'd rather have flying.) In some past expansions they had this, you'd just be on a ghostly gryphon or something. It was so so nice because sometimes your corpse would be in an awkward area to get to (traditionally from falling off cliff onto another cliff.) Normally I've just endured this pet peeve in silence, but then a chain of events happened just now that made me need to rant to someone or somewhere to get over it; I was in raid finder for Xavius with a guild buddy, in the mean time I'm trying to get Pathfinder part 1 complete in preparation for part 2. So while le raid finder was going I was exploring those last few corners of Highmountain I had yet to pass through. Upon doing so, I had to get to a lower area at the bottom of some cliffs. So I start hoping down, stoping occasionally to heal and such. Then of course that horrible feeling happens when where you thought your character could stick or land, they don't, and they slide down the slope to their demise. Again, normally no problem, just hop back down, but it put me in the GY by Prepfoot just below where I died... so to get back to my corpse I'd have to run back around to the top ON FOOT, and recalculate my jumps, it would have been probs 10 to 20 minutes. As I'm sitting contemplating what to do and groaning from the task ahead, my raid finder says a group has been found... try to accept hoping I can deal with this after the raid, can't, I'm dead.... not wanting to make my guildy wait, I just accept res sickness and try to join. I die immediately. I had died right before Xavius was engaged, so I wasn't able to res and had to sit and wait and watch them fight him.... very annoying. Now, I realize a lot of this could have been prevented and avoided on my own part, but long story short, being able to fly in death in most areas would be so helpful and convenient. The story was more for venting and is just an example of how it could really help SOMETIMES. Anyone know if this is something potential for future patch or have options on it? TLDR; Having ghostly flying mount would be super helpful and convenient."
"Yeah, fucking someone that looks pre-pubescent is SO much better Some people find pubic hair a turn-off, deal with it."
"Broken straightsword better be the new meta with these buffs or riot Some weapons are downright much stronger than others. Most of the normal spears are outdone by the estoc due to lower stam consumption, and equal range. I believe they should touch up/buff some of the lesser used weapons since they don't shine as well. (My situation in this case is that my Partizan does maybe 10 more damage than my Estoc at equal level per hit, but consumes twice as much stamina and attacks slower as well.) Magic in this game is wholly underwhelming, needs a rework and a rethink on how to make it more viable in PvP. For PvE, magic doesn't make much sense since you'll always be using the spell that's has the best FP:Damage efficiency, and the other spells are simply unfavored as cool as they look. Armor is pretty good, though I wish we had more variety. I liked all the crowns we had in DS2. Bosses I like, though some of them the camera starts to spazz out due to how much they bounce around, also not good for co-op since a lot of bosses move so fast it desyncs a little. Minor gripes."
And the pope doesn't know what he's talking about either. Because the Bible's Geo-politics section has not been updated recently.
but human eyes can only see 0.000002 fps No Man's Sky Ps4 FPS- Confirmed 30fps lock with DROPS down to 15fps!
"""It's just gallows humor though"" ""Something terrible happened? Better bust out my puns &amp; references, there's karma to be made!"""
But... it's just so easy to call the Patriots cheaters... *sigh* The Patriots don't control the headsets. The NFL does. I feel like I have to repeat the same things sometimes.
Putting that it's not an April Fools joke to cover up that it actually is... Good one OP. Nintendo Direct tomorrow at 3pm PT (not an april fools joke)
"No, like in 10 years 2005! 2005? Like 10 years ago 2005?"
"If I don't have god mode the moment I log in then combats been nerfed way too far. The claims and JH has always been just a placeholder for the actual politics and clan vs clan system that the MMO will bring. They said early on that they would not be bringing this into the YO version, so they made the claim/JH system just to give us something. You have to explain the nerfs to combat? Yes, they changed combat. But in my opinion they changed it to the better. The fact that armor now actually has values, that you can't run around naked with a 2h axe and kill everyone and their mother anymore is not a nerf. Yeah they stil have a way to go to get the perfect balance, but to be fair no MMO out there has the perfect balance. There will always be something overpowered. Then next major patch they nerf that and something else pops out as the ""overpowered"". A game with this many weapons and armor combinations will never be perefctly balanced, it's just something we have to deal with and ajust to."
"Yes, because Alabama is superior to Texas when it comes to higher education... you could come to Alabama, I don't even know any creationists, and I can't imagine they would be allowed to teach at U of A or AU. If nothing else, it's not Texas."
"Yeah, I say nigger all the time then I wonder why people say I'm racist. Why do homosexuals always refer to straight men as homophobic when they use the term ""faggot""?"
"Because Islam is the religion of peace! If your first assumption about any act of violence is that ISIS did it, you might want to check the ball pit at Chuck E Cheese for grenades next time you go."
I'm a 16 yo graphic designer with no work on my portfolio and I know I can do better than that screenshot I would show you but my computer is far away and I'm not sure if my paint license expired Apologies for the bad edit. First screenshot was on my phone. Then he deleted his comment.
"What there are downsides to heavy government regulation? I'd love to see everyone's reaction to the FDA forcing their favorite cosmetic manufacturer to spend 11-14 years to bring new eyeliner to market while spending hundreds of thousands of dollars in double-blind animal trials to verify their claims of longer, fuller lashes."
But how can I be unique unless I'm contrarian about everything! Just because lots of people like it doesn't mean it's bad. Christ.
"No no no, Bush started that recession! This times 1000. We were also in a recession when Clinton left office, lest anyone forget."
Bohrok MasterRace That is an awesome looking display! What does BMR stand for tho?
"How dare anyone challenge her right to the throne Bernie has run the kindest, most civil campaign in memory and Hillary want's him to change his tone? How out-of-touch can this person be?"
"Oh no, it could go on your Permanent Record! TIFU by accessing porn in school and getting caught So like in most schools porn is blocked on the computers but I knew reddit was not so as a cool trick to my friends I thought I would search up gonewild and I got caught and so did my friend who did the same after me, now it is going to be taken further and I don't know how bad this could be but it might lead to exclusion which would be very bad as I am looking for colleges next year... I really fucked up"
"TIL *everyone* from my city goes to clubs and dances shes from miami, everyone dances there (clubbing)"
Yeah! Don't forget that women prefer drug addicted assholes over nice guys that treat them right
Yeah we know it's not Washington they said Washington D. C. Not Washington
"Stop the woman blaming Johnson voters kinda fucked us in Florida. She lost by 130,000 votes. Johnson had 203,000 votes."
"Well of you ever decide to rob and beat someone, you can rest assured it won't be your fault. Yup. Grew up poor, projects on 31st in fact. Haven't robbed anyone. Proudly middle class now."
"Wow, what an amazing win for civil rights! Gay men in Britain can now donate blood as long as they haven't had sex in a decade."
"I'm going to copy those pictures and make them my own and tell people I took them. Redditor photographs a bolide fireball, a rare event that astronomers wait decades to capture."
"HAHAHAAHA LOL ""MURICANS r FAt AND DONT EXERCISE HAHAHAHA LOL You can tell it wasn't in the U.S. because it involved a bike."
"It is all going to be cleared up in one week, I promise next week it, whatever the ""it"" is will be delivered and the candidate Hillary Clinton will be out. This latest action by the FBI suggests they may be ready to move against Hillary Clinton: Even Wasserman Schultz knows Clinton was doing something unusual."
"Yes, every high school kid is just dying to try meth. Jr. Being hooked on meth would be an amazing plot twist"
"You must be quite the ladies' man. Cheating is for tests, if your girlfriend is bothered by some lighthearted sex then she probably isn't much of a girlfriend."
"Pretty sure Harrison ford is an A-lister. The casting team crushed it. When the movie was first announced I was still on the fence about a new Star Wars, but hearing the cast list sold it for me. John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Domhnall Gleeson, Adam Driver... That's some inspired casting. No A-listers, just immensely talented young up-and-comers. I hadn't heard of Daisy Ridley at the time, but she ended up being perfect too."
I absolutely hate developers for expanding too. This is what is wrong with developers.
"ahh the calibre of reddit comments have been improving of late You know nothing, so you spew nothing but bullshit."
Yes metal in a microwave is the same as ink on an ssd... I presume you have a degree in computer science with that logic the chemicals of the marker are going to evaporate in your case and cause system failure all across the motherboard when it heats up source: just like the time i put tin foil in the microwave its the same thing im pretty sure
"CHRISTMAS THEMED NEW ANIMATRONICS CONFIRMED Another discovery with ""Offline"" image. So here's a question. The ""Offline"" image for this reddit, when thrown in photoshop yields something odd. Might be nothing but after messing with the curve levels, the letters show up green, red, green, red etc. Seems like an odd way to filter an image?"
"That is like, 36 games when the summer sale hits! My students know me very well."
"It's okay, some black people said they don't give a shit. So you are saying that the flag should be left alone because it's not offensive, or shouldn't be offensive, to anyone?"
"where's your (reckless) sense of adventure? Are you kidding me? This is a fucking terrible idea. ""Statistically"" it might even out, but probability is only good for science experiments. Can you imagine the people that could be in charge of the country?"
"No biggie, he just gotta have one 2-goal game if he keeps scoring at this pace. he's got to do it in 49 since he missed Game 2. According to the official NHL standards to get 50 in 50, you need to rack up 50 goals by your **team's** 50^th game"
"But reddit is upset because democrats are deciding who represents the democratic primary That means that is totally logical and in line with the nation rigjt Her RCP average 49.7, higher than it was for most of February and early March. Don't mistake how *you* feel with how everyone feels."
"You see, those are clearly labelled and minors do not have access to them, whereas video games are *clearly* for kids. Man that pissed me off. ~30 seconds of side boob when you can google porn is not a big deal. They showed the worst of the clip ON THE FUCKING NEWS SHOW. What about R rated films that are 100x worse?"
Going to an old friend's graduation party after her grandma and cousin died recently. What can't you wait to do this weekend?
"Manage your resources with the Brown Battalion! Paragon is coming and it's big for PM. To increase the hype, who do you think should commentators the top 8 ?"
Because that is the only field of employment in geology. I don't know if that's the case right now with oil and commodities in the toilet...
"Golden RAT With FNaC 2 coming in a few days, what do you hope for it?"
better to position your children and retainers in the various groups that decides what happens to that money. You could make your children your legacy.
Preparing for the playoffs! It feels like Memphis try as hard as possible to win games as close as possible.
"You should probobly just play til you win back the money you lost, THEN stop. This is 200$ worth of scratch tickets from when I got paid last (last Friday). And this was only the ones in my purse. This has been going on for years and I've finally decided to kick my addiction starting today. Wish me luck."
"Won't be laughing when we build that yuge wall through the Great Lakes bud. From Canada, shit's fuckin' hilarious."
He got a better experience with Uber. 200??? A regular taxi is just 140.
"Yea because new residents don't have to pay taxes which explains why we would need so many new ones when they arrive. We can talk about TABOR and anti-tax sentiment in the state all day but there is no way significantly higher taxes aren't coming. The state is projected to DOUBLE in population in the next 30-35 years, so huge amounts of money will be required for services and infrastructure."
Clever move disclosing the email address it was sent to as well. YOU MEAN YOU'RE TOTALLY OF TOURNAMENT PLAYER AGE SO YOU'RE PLANNING ON LEGALLY REDEEMING IT RIGHT
There are only 2 ports? Those 3.0 ports are just there to taunt you
"Hey, *I* am the only user worth of the awesome cek flair! Awesome updates!"
SOCIALISTS WITH YOUR DAMN HEALTHCARE REFORM! Stinkin Commies; I had to walk *uphill* both ways.
"No silly, just bring a gun to school and shoot the bully, right? How's he gonna stop them? Beat them up? What if he's weaker?"
"Clearly this isn't a problem with eugenics, it's a problem with how they *practiced* eugenics. TIL that between 73% and 100% of all individuals with schizophrenia living in Germany between 1939 and 1945 were sterilized or killed. Today Germany does not show deviation from first world levels of schizophrenia."
"Yeah, there's no way that can go wrong. Super Mario No Man's Galaxy 3 What about a Super Mario Galaxy 3 that has procedural generated planets that are the same size as life like planets. You can name things on these planets and they will be saved online so that everyone who explores your Mario planet can see the names too. There is a chance of meeting other Mario's but they are very slim because there is 18 quintillion planets. The aim of the game is to get to the center of the galaxy to save Princess Peach from Bowser. Just a thought I had for a game... any other idea's you guys can contribute?"
I don't think a few games is enough of a sample size per se I use the spitfire for a few games and do extremely well with it so it needs a nerf Eh. I've gone on many killstreaks on the Mastiff already and I've only used it on a couple games so far.
"But but...if you work hard and stay loyal to them they'll promote you and you'll be a millionaire in no time! Summation: American workers are completely and utterly deluded. People always look at me strangely when I tell them I have zero loyalty to my employer and that I'll screw them over if it benefits me. After all, I know they will screw *me* over when it benefits them."
Vardags and some shitter support obviously Who will the replacements be?!
"It's not, but with Trump coming into Office, there won't be any more non-Americans. Wait, but he's actually encouraging for the hiring of non-owner Americans. That cannot possibly be Trump."
Peter Top 3 being who? Deilor + Kkhoma + ?? I dont know that many coaches outside EU and NA so bear with me.
You weren't standing still Relevant to the current hitreg discussion.
"Yeah, fuck the drummer; we can replace him! In the name of the Barrett, the Waters, and the Holy Gilmour"
"Dont call me white, I prefer the term ""Irish-Scottish-German-Italian American"" thank you very much. Black or white....... choose one. (I know this is an unfortunate turn of phrase and I DO NOT mean it like that)."
But that +2 pwm is sooo helpful Literally every single stat of theirs is the same
"We picked that guy to represent all 311,000,000 of us. I just highlighted the America one in the title because I thought that one was particularly hilarious."
What a great picture. Thank you anonymous redditor :)
"Finally someone who understands the importance of a coquelicot plate, in the serving of fine meats. As someone who brews and loves beer I have to point out that different beers have different characteristics. Taste, smell, mouth feel, appearance... Choosing the correct glass for the beer type is critical to making yourself look like a pretentious snob. The glass your beer is in affects its taste as much as the taste of a steak is affected by the color plate it's served on."
"[You have to go rescue her as part of the DH class hall quest line.] It's real, she's armorless at a certain point in Legion questing."
But is it Monstercat? Conro - The Saint out May 25th
"Your right, it's totally better to let them die. Not wanting thousands of third world immigrants isn't xenophobic. Mass stupidity makes me sad."
You dropped an OMG this sounds like such a huge problem. I bet all those starving Africans are super glad they aren't you right now.
forgot your Insipid and ignorant
"I mean hey, it worked for them last year. So there's a petition to get Gordon back into the Chase... I know, it sucks. I really wanted him in the final four too, but really?"
"no, you're doing facebook wrong! Um, as a girl, I take photos with my friends because I like them as people."
"No dude she's having a seizure because her parkinsons/aids/hepatitis/whatever requires her to wear a catheder is acting up. Yeah how is this not unbelievably obvious? Both reporters spoke and then laughed immediately becuase they knew what she was reacting to. Awful comedy, simple explanation"
"Too young to play for the Wings Most undervalued player. I'm sure Juri will get picked up, hopefully by a team that sees his value."
Yeah it's much better when more than one person laughs at and trivializes rape. Glad I'm not the only one...
28c/min. At least call someone to clean up the mess. What's one phone call cost you?
"Yes, increasing inequality and wealth concentration doesn't exist. Didn't realize I was in r/conspiracy."
"Yeah, that superior accuracy and convenience can be a real turn-off. It's a quartz. There is no reason to be excited over a movement when it is quartz."
I am absolutely enjoying this tattoo nightmares show on 7Mate before the Matilda's game. PSA: Don't forget The Matildas kick off their Road to Rio tonight at 9:30pm The ladies are back in action tonight at 9:30! Pretty sure it will be on 7mate. Not 100% sure about fox
"yep two dudes cant live together without being gay, like Bert and Ernie I could see Clayton and Gaston living together as an ambiguously gay duo."
"It's the fault of the 8-year-old's parent's for not arming their daughter Boy, 11, jailed for shooting dead 8-year-old girl who refused to let him see her puppies in Tennessee"
My nickname was Murder McMurderPeoples. What was your nickname? I hit my head when I was younger and received a big scar on my forehead from it. My classmates and the neighbourhood kids used to call me scarface because of it and this continued into my teens. By then I would chase the local kids around the neighbourhood with my chainsaw and they would be absolutely terrified and begging for their life crying. I got arrested a few time for it but I don't bother. I think because people call me it I acted like that. So what was your nickname?
"No, because of the vast intelectual abysm that separates him from 99% of us mere mortals. BECAUSE HE CAN'T STAND AMIRITE"
"But he's only saying mean things! Holy shit, I forgot about that. We elected a man who cited internment camps under FDR and mass deportations under Eisenhower as inspiration for his leadership. Not to mention he called the Tiananmen Square massacre a show of strength."
No it's Joji. Because it is
Jets obviously What kind of planes should it be fighting?
He must be so brave. St. Louis high school boy who likes to wear wigs and dresses wants to shower in the girls locker room. Girls protest. PC world goes nuts.
"Hey, screw you man! ""People who have gone online....are subject to attacks..."" No shit."
"Yes, these socialistic government programs called medicare &amp; medicaid should be abandoned, then my tax burden would be much lower. Those entitlement programs are *really* working out well huh? Chee, wasn't a similar system in the works for healthcare? Ooops..."
Jeremy Roenick Who'd you like to see next to Randy this season?
"Clenbuterol. Fitness fanatics of reddit, What's the quickest way to improve your cardio?"
They haven't lived long enough to know what the fuck they're talking about. What about advice from people younger than you?
Well if Hillary did it then it must be okay. #TrumpsTraps - The MSM falls for it again. Hillary proposed the Flag Protection Act of 2005. BTFO
"Yeah bro because executing people without due process is a GREAT idea. Just put him out of his misery, we don't need people like this."
"Yep, sometimes vandalism is neccessary. That's because you live in a time where being gay is mostly accepted. There was a time where the protests had to be disruptive."
"I guess I should have put How is it anything but obvious? Do you think someone invented the can opener and said ""man, if tubes of sealed aluminum existed this would be so useful!"""
Mao'kai. Who would you say is the hardest tank to play? Which tank needs the most skill to play?
same story with Finnan on the other side definitely a liverpool legend. still haven't adequately replaced him at left back after all these years
"Yes, because killing people in a church is so much worse than killing them somewhere not all churchy like Should've gotten even worse. What kind of coward plans out a murdering spree in a church?"
"yeah, it's only wrong because a law exists, not because it's actually wrong... he broke the future US cutoff for age of consent! he should have known we would have considered it wrong!"
Just like Middle Easterners I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
"I like hers actually (especially the cat), her boobs look as fake as ingame tho... And the Zyra+Cassiopeia looks good too I liked the splash art of Radiant Wukong anyway, the best one imo. But others are bad. Just compare Challenger Nidalee with Challenger Ahri."
"Can someone say 4-12? Patriots have released FB Glenn Gronkowski from their practice squad, per league source. No more Double Gronk"
"iPhone 8 rumored to kill lock switch To my knowledge no Apple products have an ""off"" switch. Just a sleep switch, that can be held down to turn off if necessary."
"Yeah, BLM isn't political at all What's the context - that she's black as well?"
Is there really that much of a difference between a CPU and a battery? I don't think you know what Moore's law is...
It would be sexist to *harass* and *expose* an outspoken feminist advocate with details of her tax arrangements which she has only been forced to make to protect her privacy from creepy male fanboys. The Guardian give Emma Watson's offshore company a miss
"Man, those wacky black people, huh? 20-year-old self-proclaimed financial CEO isn't afraid to make the tough calls."
"Did you just assume my gender? But is she a *ship*, or a *boat*..?"
"I like the way you talk about speculation as if it's cold hard fact. he was actually correct. this isn't a nexus device, it's an Android Silver device that is called a Nexus because the manufacturers didn't like the silver idea"
"Yes, she should get taxed more so the government can pay for more wars, instead of starting a charity or something. She's saying ""I have all this money and nothing to do with it, you guys need it more than i do, take some!"" How is that anything but what a good person would do? Do you assholes just automatically hate anyone who happened to be born better off than you?"
"Well, it is confusing, but Z+ zooms in and Z- zooms out What's up with these zoom buttons?"
Typical response from a Sagittarius Are you dense
I wonder what kind of doctorate and six figure income he's rockin'? That's pretty extreme...
"We guard against the darkness, duh! Still no clue about the story. Keep saying they are Guardians. Do they ever say exactly what a Guardian is?"
"forgot the OP hears ya, OP don't care"
Yeah but he prefers top line minutes on the left side. Can't laine play the right side?
"so fucking staged I know what NiP is missing, its the magic!"
"Communists who carried out the cultural revolution in China, the gulag in USSR, the great famine in the Ukraine, the reeducation camps in Cambodia were atheists, almost to a man. Dawkins sets Ratzinger straight: ""Germans who carried out the attempted extermination of the Jews were Christians, almost to a man: either Catholic or Lutheran, primed to their anti-Semitism by centuries of Catholic propaganda about 'Christ-killers' . . ."""
Yeah because when the sight is off that much it ruins our tight airsoft groupings at the range. No wonder his friend quit airsoft.
"Being black, duh. What shortcomings though?"
"No way the suspects could be good, wholesome god fearing christians - no way. Last night someone broke in and vandalized/burglarized/and set on fire a Planned Parenthood facility in my home town, Pullman, WA."
"Congratulations for being the first person ever to post this! not advancing forward due to leavers. Me and my fried where happily advancing to ""golden elo"". But at silver 2nd division we stumbled upon frustrating problem... Leavers! We where reaching those 3advance-fall matches and.. some people just leave in the middle of the game.. **It is so frustrating when you fall back not because of lack of skill, but because people just leave**.. *Is riot going to do something about this ?* *Can they do something ?* *Should they do something?* *Have this ever happen to you?* Tell me your story and opinion. P.s. Sorry for bad grammar.."
"Yeah, Reddit certainly never circlejerks over their hatred of fat people Unpopular American Opinion"
"[](/b35 ""MY DREAMS, THEY ARE RUINED"") My friends and I have extensively discussed this topic and came to the conclusion that it is physically impossible to fuck yourself in the arse with portals- every time you thrust forwards, your arse would be moving away at the same speed."
"You don't read very good, do you? Which is exactly what Ron Paul's end goal was when he introduced the Sanctity of Life Act. Dumbass."
and you have an skt flair surprised~! Remember Casper? SKT's support when Mandu couldn't play? He's SSG Wraith. Mind fucking blown.
"But if you just blow them all up and declare them terrorists, you have a 100% success rate. They literally named it Skynet. They have an evil sense of humor. Actually using machine learning to detect terrorists isn't a terrible idea. But you are going to get an error rate, and probably a high one in the noisy real world. Maybe only 50% of the people you detect are actually terrorists. Maybe it's even worse than that. We can't even test it because there is no validation set and unreliable labels. The reasonable thing to do with that information, would be to surveil them further, search their house, or arrest them. Not assassinate them without a trial. And the more I read the details, the more alarmed I am. The 50% figure I used above may have been way too high. The base rate of terrorists way too low and they have very little data to begin with."
"Yeah cause there could definitely not be any of those things without taxes. i suppose you could say goodbye to libraries and paved roads, among other things"
Wow you can be a cop at a really young age in Idaho 2-Year-Old Boy Accidentally Shoots and Kills His Mother Inside Idaho Wal-Mart
Briefly going over your user history I can see you participated here a lot. Its stupid shit like this thay has finally convinced me to unsubscribe from this forum.
"AWWW BUT IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE SO WEAK AND SHITTY. Yes, the 2015 MacBook Air supports 4K displays at 60Hz"
"I hope you have a Hi-Point. Of course, I had my 9mm automatic.."
"Hmm, can you control a Samsung tank with an S4 like you can a Samsung TV? Well yeah they also make armored vehicles like tanks!"
"Wow, what a cool new feature, Niantic Pokemon GO Twitter Account Announced The Ability To Capture Pokemon Just By Viewing Gyms"
"You can always install from source... Haha Availability of GNOME 3.22 on Pacman Hey, I'm just curious as to when GNOME 3.22 will be available on the arch linux stable repos. It was released the other day and I'm growing impatient! Haha"
I love how eugenics come up in every thread about the future on reddit. Allow kids with mental disorders to grow up and live miserable lives.
"You paid for it with taxes and taxes are bad! My right lung completely collapsed a couple years back. I could still walk and talk but I couldn't run or anything. I got it fixed within 2 hours, scheduled a surgery in 2 months to fix the problem for good, and then stayed in the hospital for 10 days -- and I didn't *pay a cent*. I had a surgeon with 20 years of experience fix my problem, ate, slept, had professional medical care for 10 days, and didn't pay anything (or rather, pay any more than any other resident of my province). Every time I hear stories about how 5 stitches cost $5,000 in the US, I thank the heavens for making the decision to immigrate to Canada 11 years back."
Have you not seen Green Street? It'd be fine? I think the Millwall hooliganism is blown up an awful lot.
"""But no it's actually really comforting that we mean nothing and have no significance!"" ""We're all gonna die and the universe is going to end one day and nobody will know you ever existed so what's the point of living I'm so depressed."" Those people."
The EBS. What is going to be on the news when this is all over?
"Yeah everything in the golden era was just so much better than today. Old school way of hitting a side chest, looks devastating. Today the pose is more of a side crunch type thing that's not as impressive."
"whatever man, you like, just dont *understand* kurt cobains genius People who think Nirvana were the greatest band ever"
that's just desperate NA-CS/other fanbois trying to keep the hope alive by idolizing the IBP-Players they would have become the best team in the world obviously Oh How History Repeats Itself...
"Oh I'm sure we'll all just accept that and move on with our lives. May has just said Brexit means Brexit, and as PM she'd make sure Britain leaves the EU."
"oh ok How cute, you don't know the difference between natural makeup and no makeup."
"That's why I got a Trump tattoo, I'm sure I'm never regretting it He's still an idiot for getting a tattoo of his wife.."
I think you forgot to add Not enough beheadings.
"Except juicy juicy membership fees! ""This is a local country for local people. There's nothing for EU here."""
You won't need healthcare now that we can harvest the magical healing power of liberal tears. That really sucks for those of us who didn't vote for him and will lose healthcare.
"Yeah fucking assholes never doing anything right. Treyarch fixed the Weapon Prestige Glitch in record time, and it benefited players. The Zombie Prestige Glitch has been here since launch and is like cancer. We need a fix. If you are not farmiliar with the Zombie Prestige Glitch, it's when only one of your weapons in zombies can have customization. If you have multiple guns with attachments on it crashed any game you launch. So tell me, the Weapon Prestige Glitch made it easier for players to progress (without needing to regain attachments) this was fixed in a matter of days so that players can legitimately earn thier attachments. The Zombie Prestige Glitch literally makes the Weapon Kits section of the zombies menu A COMPLETE WASTE. This effects almost every zombie player who has prestiged. I went into a Giant lobby with only prestiged players. Not a single attachment was on any gun. I don't get it. So we can't break for fun, but when we break by accident we have to deal with it? I for one wasn't all about the Weapon Kits or the gobble gum in the beginning, but the customization in this game is everywhere. It's supposed to be *everywhere*. Zombie guys who recently prestiged: If you see a paint job on your bowie knife, your fucked. Practice what you preach Treyarch and fix this glitch!"
MODS MODS HE POSTED EARLY TAKE IT DOWN Post Game Thread | Dec 5 | SNIPELE SNIPES IT IN OVERTIME EDITION WOOOOOO!!!
you forgot the No I didn't stop triggering me
DJ Fluker: Alabama paid me better than the NFL DJ Fluker: Alabama practices harder than the NFL
oh no what am i gonna do Congrats you're a hippie.
"Who wouldn't love such a kind, compassionate soul? Why? Both are women married to very wealthly men, and I'm sure that both sincerly love their husbands."
"Yeah you can't enjoy it with a phone in your hands, you might as well not be there. Concerts honestly just look like shit these days. There's a small amount of people dancing and enjoying themselves but the vast majority of people are all stood with their phones in the air trying to record it, meanwhile the whole experience *whooshes* over their head."
"Watch out now, someones going to break into your house for that GOD DAMNIT"
"Welcome to GG, the movement where everything's made up and the words don't matter. No, anti-feminism is the idea that women should not have equal rights to men. Words have meanings... and that one is particularly right-wing."
"No, science isn't based on reproducible results, *at all...* I remember reading something about a vitamin b17 which can kill cancer cells, however most countries have that vitamin banned because they are making so much money with chemotherapy and stuff"
He's not ready to play centre Galchenyuk one times it for the OT winner
"yeah, I am sure a lot of money spent on him will make this guy an outstanding citizen and net contributor to the society. This is what I thought. I bet good money that guy is gonna come out of his drunken haze and have a LOT of regret. If not, then he's got a good chunk of mental health exams he's gonna have to endure."
"Fighting the good fight Shame about the grille. No matter how cool you might be, that grille instantly makes me see you as a douchebag. Except for that guy the other day who had his body matched red with a giant intercooler in behind and red halos, his shit looked like a decepticon."
"Yes, because there is never such a thing as a dumb question. Yes, shame on her for asking questions."
Yeah those sketchers look amazing Chat moving so fast nobody will notice that I actually think Steph's new shoes are alright.
"Wow...I've never noticed that connection. Saban, Satan... coincidence, I THINK NOT"
"Yeah, because reading things that disagree with your assertions and question your beliefs is a bad thing. I'm kinda realizing that"
"Fucking Hell why are current events at the top, don't you people know you should bury you head in the sand and never discuss current events that effect technology, First it was Tesla, then NSA, then Comcast, not it is Net Neutrality, How dare you not submit links to only the technology I want to talk about you bastards Fucking hell, what's going on lately. Every time i visit this sub, most the posts on the front page are about net neutrality, privacy, security, encryption, fucking spying and more. No matter how much we seem to be fighting, ISP's are continuously getting away with fucking us over, governments continuously spy, popular services gets hacked resulting in our personal data to be stolen etc. There always seems to be something new everyday and that is not even an exaggeration. I bet if i come back on here tomorrow, there would be something new regarding the above mentioned topics. I am speechless. I see an ad from reddit on the right hand column telling me to take a stand and keep the internet open. Isn't that what we have supposedly been doing for the past few years. I feel like all our efforts have been in vain. These companies and government bodies will come out and say what we want to hear but will continue with their shady practices because they know realistically we can't do shit. I think the majority of us are not prepared to hit them where it hurts. Sorry for the rant, just wanted to get this off my chest."
"So you're saying your kid is better than my kid, oh it's on now My dog (he) never destroyed any of his toys. He never really did that ""aggressively shakes all around while growling"" thing that dogs seem to do. He'd carry them all around the house, snuggle with them as he slept, etc. And if you said, ""Go get your dolly!!"" he'd run off, get his latest favorite toy and bring it to you."
"really? Oh my god. We're all idiots. Steven partially healing Centipeetle was a setup for when he later fully heals Jasper. Jesus christ how could we be so dumb to miss this why would they establish that healing corruption is at least feasible if not to use it later? When they use it later, it would seem cheap and like it came out of nowhere if they hadn't established it earlier!"
"But but but he has a track record! Hmm, and why not? Thought he was supposed to be a champion of the people, he could at least make an appearance here."
Keep playing games and I'm sure you'll feel better. no because im a lonely shell of a person this close away to a total meltdown
"you forget to toggle off? Smokes are still randomly disappearing during competitive! I was just reviewing my demos from last night MM and I noticed a couple of situations where I pushed through b tunnels from B and I killed someone and in the demo there was a smoke at the end of tunnels and there would be no chance for me to have spotted the guy the way I did, I remember these situations clearly and there was no smoke there, otherwise I wouldn't have pushed through. I also never alt tab during matches, so it must be triggered by something else. Has anyone else noticed this?"
Does cat-calling or calling a woman a bitch count? I wonder if a majority of them have ever talked to a women?
"And look how well it's worked out for them Higher than I thought, too. But IIRC, in China there's a much larger portion of government officials who studied science or engineering."
CIA and fbi should hire him So this Baba on TV9 traces the missing Flight MH370
Who knew? Tattoos are sexual?
"My dad can beat up your dad If you can't handle our weather you are weak and natural selection is coming for you. Sincerely, the snowbelt"
It does SEEM that way doesn't it... The original comment makes it seem like people fighting for equality don't want to take away men's gender roles. I think that they do.
Why bother doing anything when you can have someone do it for you. Man if people just actually tried something first they would find out these things on their own. It's pretty self explanatory
This is why Tesla can't prevail in their attempts to murder dealerships. I work at a Ford dealership and wanted to make a new model for April Fool's. The Return of the Sport Trac!
"True, true, it's definitely closer to being history Is counting math? I don't think I would consider counting to be math."
But look at those skinny knees. There's no denying that Teddy looks bigger.
"Oh but I'm voting for him because he tells it like it is. Isn't that ironic though, considering he's a Billionare"
"You need buyouts on PC now, new rule duh I'm sorry, I thought this was a PC"
CCleaner. Does anyone know of a system cleaner that actually works? I got a friend who messed up and needs to clean his system out. Any info is much appreciated.
"Ya, fuck everyone in a car checking their texts, but this guy's cool. It's pretty obvious he's changing his tunes. If the road is straight and no one's in front of him, what's the problem? I'm sure he's looking up pretty frequently. Downvote if you want, but this doesn't seem like a big deal."
I think fat people should like choose not to be fat or whatever lol #losers unpopular opinion thread I think pokemon's stupid
"Yeah, but they're a terrorist state My favourite Pacer fact is that since they were introduced to Britain, the Iranian government both bought some for their rail network and removed them for being obsolete."
"Needs a For fucks sake, no one gives a shit about comp. This is a casual, fun game with a lot of customization, that *happens* to have a very high skill ceiling for a lot of the classes in it. Quit trying to turn it into a competitive game. It's not suited for it. P.S. your idea is bad and you should feel bad."
"Woah, woah... I think we mean acute impetuousness.... but not gross negligence.... One could say grossly negligent, lol."
"Whoa guys, looks like we got a badass over here... To all you lazy fuckers that stayed home today"
"Wow, ESPN has NEVER jumped the gun about the Michigan head coaching job......... Rich Rodriguez not yet fired."
No means yes! Uh...that's what clubs are for?
Just like her About time they had a turn.
Yes because ALL religion is 100% evil and bad! I'm with you. Let's get all places of religious worship out of the rest of Canada! What's your plan?
"Democrats hate this. Obama supporters will go hysterical over this well sourced list of 252 examples of his lying, lawbreaking, corruption, cronyism, etc."
Elon's working on that! Too expensive atm. But definitely an option in the future
"Well yeah you can't peacefully assemble in this country... Duh... Because people let them. Because people encourage them. I heard in this particular incident, dissenting voices were removed completely."
"This is hilarious I've never seen it, so original The ""Can I speak to the manager"" Starter pack"
Flip to the page that tells you to play lands in front! Old-time rule book
"If I was stuck with a Bimmer, I'd want to kill someone too The body still fits just fine in their trunks"
"Can't for get that crucial 7-1 consolation goal Oscar was shit in the WC, lol. He only turned up vs Croatia. Also, Azpilicueta, Sneijder, Terry... Gah I'm not even going to bother, you're just a troll."
"You forgot your Exactly. This is actually a good game, we don't need that stupid fucking Smash Bros heathen bullshit."
"There's probably going to be a lot of people that take you seriously without an Yeah, there are a lot of accurate things in that show."
"Cause Bella, blonde Ruby, Jo, and brunette Ruby weren't hot. It's mostly just the fangirls that do it. Let them have their fun. If there were any hot women on Supernatural then there'd be just as many posts about them."
***TRUE*** But remember! r/mensrights is just a bunch of misogynists who hate women and have no reason to be upset!
"Yeah, what kind of idiotic woman expects to be treated with dignity and respect by the people trying to court her What I meant by that comment was you can't go onto a dating app an expect to the find the casanovas and Marilyn Monroes. They're using an app to find a date, that's enough right there to tell you there not tip top in the mental category"
"Fuck your opinions, I got more money than you so I'm correct. I mean, if it fits in your budget and you prefer how it looks (which is totally subjective), then that's alright. You don't have to be a twat about it however."
"""Two Greens"" Obviously setup Awkward.."
Cause of all the genitalia being thrown around in all bathrooms everywhere. Why not just change all of the washrooms to unisex with stall partitions that go from the floor to the ceiling? I have never quite understood why washrooms need to be gender specific.
"I really hope this was The 'awkward, sexy arch'. It's how you can tell they were designed by men."
"I think he was really referring to the vuvuzela Uh, no. Not really. There was a slight disagreement between whites and non-whites. But that wasn't a really big deal."
"This looks like a great idea, and I cannot see a single conceivable way this could go wrong in any way, shape or form. Looking for a quicker way to get yourself killed? Try this new product"
That should be good Bondle has put in a claim. He'd like to take over management.
When did Luke Wilson kill his child? I always thought he had more of a Luke Wilson thing going.
"Ha, good one, because the sniper would have definitely followed him everywhere for the rest of his life, shooting him the second he went public. Well, maybe he saw the wound and got scared the sniper would shoot him too if he told anybody."
"Krupp hasn't been the same ever since they stopped making cannons! Looks like ThyssenKrupp, so pretty much"
"Haes I do not know this man, have never met him before in my life. And the motherfucker up and decides to call me fat. What a little twat. Here is the conversation and the resulting memes a friend of mine was kind enough to create!"
"yeah but they are ""Gay Married"" not ""Real married"" right? dont forget legally married gays"
"Well, you know, profits first and no one was forced to buy that peanut butter. More than five years after hundreds of Americans got sick from eating salmonella-tainted peanut butter, the top executive at the Georgia plant where it was made was convicted Friday of conspiracy, obstruction of justice, wire fraud and other crimes related the nationwide outbreak in 2008 and 2009"
Because obviously she is lying about that too. You also put Hillary in quotes one time. Why did you do that?
"Wow, Trump is starting to look like a real politician... Trump donates to Texas officials, they drop probe of Trump U"
"Everyone except Etho, 'cause Etho said that he hates UHC. UHC every day, then everyone will play together and no one will get bored!"
100% damage reduction when matching heart in a cross formation! It could be worse - imagine what we'd be looking at if YamaP had pulled a Kaede.
Because the league has to make up for all the 1st overall selections you guys had Why do the Leafs only need third rounders for Babs and Lou while the Oil have to cough up a 2nd rounder for Chia?
"Men can't be objectified, shitlord! So objectifying women is wrong, but objectifying men isn't? This gay guy on my Facebook pisses me off so much sometimes. DISCLAIMER: He is a good man, and generally has a good head on his shoulders, but he was brought up in feminist culture. He will always be quick to say that things that objectify women are bad like porn and people who comment on Facebook pictures of pretty girls, but he objectifies attractive men and posts all kinds of very sexual (non-nude) videos and pictures of very chiseled men and I don't care that he does that, like go for it, but don't turn around and say that people who do the same thing with pics/vids of women are derogatory. He's so hypocritical about it, and that's what bothers me most. And I've tried to tell him this but he doesn't listen."
But all you did was move some labels around. The creative industry says hi
Or we could take the word of a car full of intoxicated people... Body and/or dash cams sure would help investigate this one.
"+20 minutes for the roundtrip back to home because I forgot my Quebec passport Ten minutes of driving, 50 minutes waiting at the border :)"
"They've got to come to Evanston for NU hosting the Illini, definitely going to be some quality football played that day... Who gets GameDay for rivalry weekend? Right now it's hard for me to find a game that is a play-in for both schools for conference champions/playoff like the Iron Bowl last year. What school do you think will get the nod? I would say Arizona-ASU would get it, but it's on a Friday night. Egg Bowl would seem a good choice but they've been to Starkville and Oxford already. Clean Old Fashioned Hate? Paul Bunyan's Axe?"
"Oh, so we're treading Torchwood's turf eh? Or Danny is a secret sex vampire which sucks out women's souls."
Yea Polt is famous for making excuses and complaining all the time Honestly Polt just take the loss like a man and don't go to twitter to tell excuses that's kinda shitty for Neeb.
I just wish the San Fran police would just arrest the guy already. I hate that zodiac-killer looking motherfucker so much.
"You may be overthinking this... The life. After all, it's just a projection by the brain. But if you realize this, you may also understand that the brain is just a projection itself - by itself."
Ya the Palestinian's population only grows at 3% each year such genocide It's edgy to be against a genocidal government?
Yea that's an excellent solution you are so smart THEN DON'T PLAY :D
as is appropriate The only one I found had maxed out stats lol
"Reverse psychology obviously ""Bringing our beverage at work might get you fired"" doesn't strike me as a particularly strong marketing message."
"It would, except that it has already been taken and is my reddit password. The best passwords use spaces... and so the best passwords are sentences. ""Excuse me, while I kiss the sky!"" would be an excellent password."
"Wait, but I thought the Earth was flat and we was the centerz of the u-nivers! this is actually 100% false. because the sun does not move relative to earth."
"Great to see the opposition providing a real alternative.... Ed Balls has said there was nothing in a ""pretty empty"" Budget which Labour would reverse if it won the election."
"trump dont care about abortion so they are basically the same Trump is the ""same as Hillary"" says the # nevertrump movement. I see this as a common agreement on message boards dedicated to hating Trump while they circle jerk deciding who is or isn't a ""true conservative"". Cruz according to them had been ordained the only true conservative of this race. Now that Cruz is out you see comment sections full of this common assertion that ""Trump and Hillary are the same thing"".... This has to be the dumbest statement of the whole election cycle thus far. Hillary will continue to flood the borders, Trump will solidify them. Hillary will make more gun grabs, Trump will not. Hillary will shut down more power plants. Trump will not. Hillary will continue the push for carbon taxes. Trump will not. I think a lot of these ""True conservatives"" hate Trump because of his proposed economic plans to actually do what's best for the US. They constantly hear of the neocon talking puppets on the radio that ""free trade"" means continuing to take it up the ass while begging for more. Plus they all think poking the Russian bear and invading the middle east is a solid foreign policy."
"Well, this isn't racist at all. Do you think the Japanese business model is to blame for the amiibo shortages? all that bowing and running from Godzilla sounds tiring, Think Nintendo could pay those factory workers to work faster and make more amiibos? How many short rounds does it take to make a wario?"
"sometimes i worry about what would happen if i gave up my water addiction Marijuana is mentally addictive, along with many other pleasurable things...I've been dry for a week and I am starting to get pretty sad about that. But the tolerance buildup is not like in other drugs. We never need trees to feel ""normal."""
"Because he left the church, but he couldn't leave it alone. Plan of Salvation is a scam. If Satan really wanted to frustrate the plan of happiness then why doesn't he just quit? Then we don't have good and evil to choose from. God's whole plan would go to the shits and he'd have to start over again. Has anyone else thought of this?"
Hopefully nobody forgets to leave the heat on down in solitary Ross Harris sentenced to life in prison in son's hot car death
Good thing Trump was such a transparent candidate and released personal documents like his taxes for the American people to judge His background check is the election. And the American people apparently decided he passed.
"Dont forget Branch ""the block"" Warren I don't know, he's got dope mass but not the clean, sharpness that Kai has. Olympia this year has great potential if we get Phil, Kai, Roelly, Wolf, and Ramy in top shape."
"Boeing sucks they don't even make their own engines Cells are bought from Panasonic, not the battery pack. That's like questioning what technology Boeing has since most of their parts are bought from other suppliers."
be racist. What do only white people do?
Anything less and I'll be disappointed I'm expecting now someday that Marvel uses this tech to make an 1980s-era movie with younger versions of Douglas/Redford/Jackson/Downey to team up or something.
200k; anything less is a lowball. How many keys for the flip knife fade?
"It's gonna be a remake of an MW2 map (probably Derail) and then they will call that their remaster. New Ghosts update, viral marketing? I don't have the game anymore and recently learned of an update that just hit ghosts, 2GB to be exact. If anyone wants to go map searching and report of any cod2016 marketing please do lol"
"Best mod is beast mod. PSA: Don't use a trigger and heavy spring mod at the same time. They negate each other's fire rate and stability while costing you more money for no change in performance. I see this a lot in SMGs I pick up, and it is a waste of repair cost."
"Not Jesus, Tobin and Nicolas Jesus hahahahaha"
Not being able to discriminate even though my pastor says I should is the government taking away my religious freedoms. I just want one example of the state punishing a business or person for religious beliefs.
"No no, of course, no true scotsman.... There were a lot of Mexicans in attendance, and they are just as passionate and sore losers as Brazilians can be. Source: I was at 160 and was sitting right in between the Mexican and Brazilian contingents."
"Yep, you got me Sherlock You forgot to lock the door, didn't you? But you can't admit that, because insurance wont cover anything unless it was locked."
"Just don't play the objective and play soldier Why isn't there a deathmatch mode? More specifically, a separate queue from more team-based objectives (though in all objectivity deathmatch would end up being best played with team strategies in mind). It would draw those players who only ever played mccree or reaper away from team based games where they screw their team by playing for potg rather than for the win, while giving *them* a much better experience. We spend our time complaining about how annoying those solo players are, and I totally take part in this circle-jerk, but in all fairness the experience can't be thrilling for these people either. Regardless of your moral opinion on players who play like this, it's fair to recognize that they are free to play a game they bought and have as much right as we do to get a good experience from it. If the solution can be a win-win that benefits both types of players, why isn't there a separate queue for gamemodes that are more appropriate for people who'd rather fight for personal glory? Hell, it could even have a potg for each team to increase further the satisfaction from the target audience. I know I would occasionally play it and it would certain drain some ""bad"" team players away from the modes we're used to. So: has there been talk about this? Everything I hear from development points towards keeping the current structure but has deahmatch (or similar modes) even been considered? Look at TF2: the reason it's less annoying to lose objective maps because of your team's solo spirit is because there are many modes in which that's perfectly okay, and players who like that naturally gravitate to it and leave the objective maps to people who truly care about objectives. tl;dr: make deathmatch mode, will please everyone and keep incompatible players out of each others' way, regardless of what player archetype you think is bette"
"Wow, who would have guessed that with all the zombies in walking dead that you could find a few that are close enough that a low frame count morph looks half plausible. Law suit incoming, WarZ copied parts from Walking Dead images and puts them in main artwork."
"and Run For Your Life is the best romantic song Heartbreak? I believe that would be ""For No One"""
LPT: Do everything you're supposed to do and don't find clever and creative ways to make it easier for yourself. LPT: Don't be lazy and just go to class.
How about making it against the law to be homeless? Nowhere to Sit in San Francisco. Public seating has been removed in tacit surrender to homelessness.
"**Howls of incoherent rage** Does anyone seriously believe tea party groups were not trying to game the tax code by filing as ""charities?"""
"No, but you see Europe doesn't have as many black people and mexicans to oppress so they're not racist. I think it's funny you pointed to our ""toxic"" politics. I'm not super familiar with politics in Europe, but even I can name AfD, Ukip, FN, the True Finns, Jobbik, Golden Dawn, and that's just off the top of my head. Honestly, the untempered racism and ""gegen Multikulti"" bullshit is one of the big reasons I moved back to the US from Germany."
America being made great again What the fuck is this shit?
Well clearly bitching works so keep at it. But it's a core mechanic of the game that has been broken for **OVER TWO YEARS NOW.** What else is there to do other than to bitch? Clearly waiting around does fuck all because there's not a fix in sight
"Nope they must lie and say all of the characters are good. It's a lighthearted jab, he follows it up saying she's getting buffed on PTR. Are devs not allowed to admit some of their characters are weak at the moment?"
"'cos remember ladies, having sex = automatic slut Lol only virgins"
What - a lawyer says the burden of proof is on the defence and they have to prove the defence attorney did something that prejudiced the outcome of the court - wow - big news Old news footage featuring lawyer commentary and Yusuf
"nah man design a play where your center gets shit on every play and be successful all coaches do it Everyone gameplans in theory. A lot of problems on the o-line this year stem from the fact that there is no successful game plan for when your starting center gets blown off the line every snap and your guards are constantly getting beat. Similarly, the only successful gameplan for Dennis Kelly is to be playing against him."
"yeah, because such discussion is so much less interesting compared to all those salt-miners crying about BV and ES... OR maybe you nerds should go and discuss your file archivers elsewhere. Like a different sub kind of elsewhere."
At least he got his Azir skin. if you stayed up all night you're dumb
"They deserve it, duh. what about white people on welfare?"
Yea cause im sure a 74 year old just loves campaigning 12+ hours daily How else would he keep getting your money?
"because it's a dank ass subreddit, yo Why do people always link to this?"
"I wonder who that could be :o Hoping for a Water-type, maybe even a Steel-type New Pokken Tournament arcade character reveal planned for November 1"
"Not sure if tumblrina or really good I'm honestly so hurt and offended. I don't even know what to say So i was in this youtube video right? And there was this one part, they had me take my shirt off. The problem is, they didn't censor it when they were editing the video. This pisses me off because they are just assuming that i have male nipples. Just because the rest of my body is what you call ""male body parts"" doesn't mean you can just misgender my nipples. My nipples are female. So treat them like they are. CENSOR THEM! People just misgendering shit just pisses me off. How could you just assume that i have male nipples? I'm so fucking pissed man. DON'T MISGENDER MY NIPS"
"Today Grumpus learned that tattoos hinder your ability to produce music and your fine motor function, if placed on your hands. But why didn't you think about ME before adorning your beautiful vessel with (temporary) tattoo's??????"
Because they're not 5 y/o computers. Wise old man
"But dude they totally stopped World War 3 with Russia! Between this, repealing obamacare, carpet bombing the middle east, and various other military actions proposed by certain members of the right such as invading iran, they sure do want to kill a lot of people."
"She threw weapons in code, IE 1 kunai for question 1. Not just the cheating, but how did she communicate with Lee??"
The obvious answer is to start digging up the area around the boardwalk until the clue appears. At this point I would think actually irl. How about bringing an actual shovel to their studio om monday? Are their any hints as to where to dig?
"On the bright side, the TSA may have finally caught there first terrorist. THIS WEEK IS FUCKING BULLSHIT!!!"
"Any of those try not to laugh challenges on Youtube, because they are always sooooo funny. What videos out there would make you laugh uncontrollably? Yes."
"Not really... I read it and thought 'WOW Americans are fat... that's witty."" do foreigners really find this funny?"
How do they plan to sell the new Soraka skin with that insane nerf 3/23 PBE Update
"No no no, you don't agree with me, ergo you are a fascist I'm informed about the issues and believe in democracy, so neither of those statements are true."
"""Requirements are easy"" - A few 6 stars - Keep c3/g1 Update Video (Mards, Guild, info)"
All ANet properties are shutting down permanently because they finally recognized that reddit is right; they're completely incompetent and don't deserve us as customers. Think of one sentence that can make the entire community happy
viva la revolucion! Its not gambling. Its just redistribution of wealth.
"Good, we need more fast food options. Frisch's Big Boy expanding into Indiana. Think Evansville may be on the radar?"
That joke would be funny if courtney love didnt actually kill him Kurt Cobain style
"I said a prayer, so God will protect me from Obamaflu by delivering the guy from the Ricola commercials to me. Are we sure thats not Ebola/Obamaflu coming in?"
"It's in the code because if it wasn't, people would kick players for the far superior bots. when bots go rogue"
"Don't burn Tebow, I AM AN EAGLES FAN FFS He's a much cooler Tim Tebow...and actually good at football"
Etho Who's the person beside aury and wes
"Oh, the irony of eating other animals to celebrate the fact that an OP saved this one. Me too. I live in DC also...We can throw you a BBQ!"
They just want a democracy quite time. Venezuela Shuts Off the Internet After Blocking Twitter and Preventing News Organizations from Covering the Protests
"Yay, we get to watch the Spengler Cup during the Olympics instead. Convo today w/ NHL front office person today: ""We're done with the Olympics. Bet the league doesn't wait long to announce it, either."""
"Gotta love voluntary response bias. Lucky, for me it's almost always only negative/disgruntled buyers that leave feedback."
Fingerprints? they are pretty comfy and you can get them without any prints on it
"Yeah, but socialism! ACA is saving lives in more ways than one"
"Pardon me while I text him to build that wall 10 feet higher. I'll remember you said that; if he does win, you owe me a place to stay."
"Because one of dem criminal coloreds attacked an upstanding white citizen. Cops aren't a race or otherwise marginalized group and even if they were, this kid obviously isn't a cop. So how is this a hate crime?"
Because everyone knows that the city begins and ends in the East End. Why is the north and south sides considered sides and the east and west ends considered ends? title
"Yeah, the only people who have ever preached forgiveness are those who have never been hurt Spoken like someone who has never been hurt before. Congrats on the idyllic life."
"I like the idea that we're all either straight or gay men, aka the only two options. *annoyed trans eyeroll*"
"Shocker. Mark Lazerus on Twitter: ""Anze Kopitar wins the Selke."""
"Yes, but let's blame Islam for everything that oppresses women. They are Hindu, the caste system isn't a thing in Islam"
"But doesn't a flat tire give the best traction due to a wider surface area? The best part? I live in Canada. It's been a mild winter, but plenty of residential roads are still completely covered in snow and ice."
not if Pulisic comes on. We gona win at the last minute
"Only Americans on Reddit, right? OP never said what country."
"Wow, I thought that I would be the only ""Drunky"". If you were a Snow White dwarf what would your name be?"
Waiting on the 1060 How it feels browsing PCMR recently
"Don't forget the epic scene of a certain Greyjoy death Can we take a moment to discuss the ending of A Storm of Swords? Before I read the book I had the four main deaths spoiled for me; Robb, Catelyn, Joffrey, and Tywin. So when each of these characters were approaching their doom I had expected it. Robb and Catelyn's deaths were being anticipated ever since Robb was approached with the proposal to marry Edmure to Roslin so when it did happen I wasn't as bothered as somebody who didn't know would have been. I had no details of Joffrey's death other than that he did. How his death came about was actually somewhat surprising, but when it was mentioned how drunk he was I began to suspect it. TYRION KILLS TYWIN!!!! - The message I had read to spoil that death for me. I knew it was coming sometime and when I hit that Tyrion chapter when he escapes I knew that this was going to be his last chance to. It was still a cool moment for Tyrion though. This brings me onto why I loved the ending so much. I had no idea what was going to happen in the Vale. As I was reading Lysa's 'interrogation' of Sansa I was thinking ""nah if Sansa died somebody would have spoiled that for me as well"" yet still I could feel my heart pounding in my chest as I read, never before has a book elicited such a reaction from me. And holy fuck Littlefinger. Never. Trust. Littlefinger. His final put down - ""I've only loved one woman. I promise you ... Only Cat."" - was simply wow. I still don't like that he kissed Sansa though, that storyline doesn't interest me too much, but still a great ending nonetheless. Having Catelyn come back from the dead to condemn Merrett as well surprised me. I imagine that she was brought back the same way that Beric has been brought back many times but I'm still unsure. The fact that her throat had been so badly damaged that she couldn't speak makes me hate the Freys even more as a simple stabbing to the chest would have sufficed for her, not butchering her neck. Sorry for going on there a little bit. Absolutely nobody that I know of reads the books so I can't talk with them with it and I just really really needed to talk to *somebody* about what happened"
~spoiler~ they got divorced during AS2 and then MKD punched Michelle Visage in the face and walked out Mrs. You don't want to start no drama between Mr. and Mrs. Kasha Davis by implying she's no longer a Mrs.
"We can't riot because we are too busy working to get our healthcare through our employers Testify. London, Paris, Belgium, this would be a WTF Been out in the US eight years and can't understand how there aren't riots over the state of healthcare here."
"Nah, once you get even a little famous you sign a waiver of any and all personal rights &amp; privacy, its pretty standard Not that it's anyone's business but her own."
"But the thing is back when we had the floppy drive there were *better* alternatives, **this** time they've gone too far, USB C is objectively worse! ""But you see, *this* time it's different"" - Everyone, every time"
"But what if it violates my safe space Sorry, kids, the 1st Amendment does protect 'hate speech'"
"But they promise we can have our freedoms back once we're safe... The best response to an attack on our liberal values, is to suspend said values. Brilliant."
So... Warhammer. Warhammer - Neckbeard Edition
then he could tell all the pygmies to bet big on ryback and take a dive... Itd last 9 seconds.. wren would be -7000 favourite
"I love how you say ""so called"" minorities, because they are obviously not real minorities. LOL. Nope. The people are fedup of psuedosecularism and appeasement of so called minorities. They are not bigot the hindu is now asserting its right and rightfully so."
it's socialist to expect employers to pay a living wage instead of the government having to subsidize them They could try proper wages instead
" That's an odd use of ""great"". :)"
But what about Google schollar? LMAO... I discovered bing's real use around two years ago.. never went back to Google for science