They have already done a healer only brawl though
"Well, at least *ONE* 1998 draft QB's signed a one day contract with their original team"
"Yeah, that carbon dioxide stuff is super hazardous and flammable."
"...or until he can't pay his rent, utilities, etc."
"But they can't, they put a daemon on the cover of the last game."
"In other news, officials are considering a multihour handicap for quadriplegics for the new ""handicaple challenge""."
By getting the most votes!
"Oh, I can here to ask this!"
But don't you know women aren't funny?
We need a ... *final solution* ... to the White Girl Problem.
wow gf f2p
thank you for that info that we didn't know cause we never read anything about champion mastery in the announcement page or the microsite or the PBE notes
"Clearly, banning encryption is necessary to capture these terrorist masterminds."
"Nu esti roman adevarat daca nu iti dai cu parerea despre orice rahat, indiferent cat de relevant sau nu e pentru tine, so gtfo"
We're getting close to the point people will start to argue for 4 states for 2 peoples solution.
I'm shocked
205 OFFICIALLY RUINED
"oh cool, now our life caps out at 250, THAT will help against the hardmode bosses"
I've always wanted to spend days of my life practising to work at Starbucks!
"Lost the puck twice, bust"
Guess its back to 9gag for me
Maybe the groom hates teenagers that aren't blood relatives?
Welcome back smallpox
In fact he married six or seven of them.
"OMG, youre so right, its like people can only care about one thing at a time, and it has to always be other people."
"You mean ""thank god"" right?"
Sound logic right there.
It's less horrifying if it happens to men...
William Nylander exchange rate - 1:1
Nice that they placed 10 doll heads up there...
"Truly, a punishment that fits the crime!"
didn't you know only white people can be racist?
"But the autobahn is great, so it's no wonder why people mourned his death"
"Right, and you're the only one who is entitled to judge everyone else."
"Yeah, cus ""negging"" and being a pickup artist really work."
"Yeah like that Hitler guy, I mean all he said was ""Kill all jews"" nothing *too* genocidal."
definitely more consistent than JW
If walt was mexican...
Worlds confirmed scripted
We are still paying for the last 17m immigrants
"Hey anon, its close enough"
They're too main stream man
Oh please don't take my beloved thoughtsteal!
can be useful sometimes ;)
But there wasn't even any bowling :(
"naw dust 2, what's mirage?"
Lucky football managers always going forward in time to the future!
I thought Nintendo didn't have any good games anymore?
"Oh dang, you weren't supposed to know!"
"Thanks for the answer, and yeah you *might* get noticed when you do this."
"to be fair if i was a republican and after many republican comments on rape and birth control, i wouldnt want women to be able to vote either."
ITS WHY TRUMP WON
And they even had his measurements!
No I just hate everyone
Because the SEC DEs would buy soda from 7-11 rather than SSS
"If they can swallow a sword, can't they swallow a vacuum hose?"
I guess you can read them Christopher Hitchens books or something.
Not as accurate as a banana though
Those bastards!
*dime
Well then fuck you too sir.
I will when they do.
"OP, don't you know that if you indicate it automatically gives you right of way to enter a lane even if someone else is already in it?"
"don't worry, it will all be fixed in the next election."
Croatia/Hungary drown refugees!
but muh hearthstone is a competitive game even with a retarded amount of rng its all skill
Ultra realistic 2D cockpit
Obviously this is how to convince muslims there's no crusade against their religion
Or you could look at who is getting upvoted and who is getting downvoted ;-) But yeah the downvoted person probably has the correct logic
Bro you let it go out for a sec
Montreal typical
But where's the empirical evidence?
Yeah because not knowing how to use BC is so mature.
"But Christian scholars agree, so I guess he's got *that* going for him."
"Well stop taking shots, duh"
Literally 2010 Cavs all over again
I detect
How I am supposed to know what's funny if there isn't a laugh track?
"Ya more than double the current output, drop a few hundred pounds, drop the price by at least $6000, why didn't they do that in the first place?"
Wow Red Sox fans are really showing their intelligence in this thread....
And steam
But there is a link between video games and misogyny.
"that's why she is your ex, you couldn't handle her mad skillz"
You forgot the
I take offence to that comment.
Woah I thought liberals were the thin skinned ones?
Iran was looking pretty good until we killed Mosaddeq but hey at least we stopped communsim from sprouting there.
you forgot
Obviously... no one has ever once been stopped in the US for wearing a Turban...
Who says I go to parties?
"4chan is a le scary place where they all discuss child porn and murder rape all the time, exclusively."
"Ah, he must be playing a mutated raccoon on the surface then."
"I mean, obviously, all Muslims are related and planning terrorist attacks over tea at family gatherings"
What great pr for atheists
Stop try harding in DM.
After seeing this maybe it's a good thing they killed John Wick's puppy right after he started letting it sleep in the bed with him.
Because Jesus.
Because Korean music labels *never* push their idols to perform things they don't want to.
What is version control?
"Of course, because gaming is not a social thing and people ask for help when they know what to do."
Hey you can take some of the snow from my yard here in Boston if you really think snow is awesome.
I'm sure it'll make the first one look like A New Hope to its Empire Strikes Back.
It's not like science has ever done anything good for this country.
Probably a matter of national security.
Muh Feels!
"Ahh, that's why I haven't been able to unfreeze my iPhone for three months now, because I cannot remove the battery."
"Umbridge wasn't so bad, Tonks was the crazy one."
"I didn't get bullied or insulted through school, I guess no one loved me *sobs*"
But then how am I going to show off my $1000 4K camera?
"Must've been really awkward when they buried her alive, or when she was turned into a Dalek then blew up with the rest of the Asylum."
How encouraging.
high enough to get ban hammered on gunnit
Just like the Day of the Tentacle topper
Adding the laugh track was a nice touch.
A sharply worded memo; yea that'll make Russia run scared.
Don't be such a hater man.
Makes perfect sense!
Cuz your 12?
Yea blowing up an entire wedding is way more civilized than kidnapping.
like most of this sub
Americnas need to check their privilege and act as servants to those less fortunate around the world.
You sound like a classy guy
I can't wait to play through all these Zelda style puzzles in Ds2 that I've been hearing about.
"They're your favorites because they have boobies, right?"
So scared straight?
But... But.... Rito PROMISED me voice chat... And they haven't given it to me yet... Injustice
you're 16 and smoking oh my god so edgy
You mean like the android and IOS market?
I'm sure when people strike up the Brady v Manning debate and how they are statistically identical while Brady almost always having the better D and coach you remember to acknowledge it's a team game too right?
"Clearly Ireland will implode in the next 24 hours, cause we all know how evil drugs are."
How dare you tell him the truth!
I guess we aren't trading up for Johnny Football :(
Is... is that how they make dick cheese?
"That's because the human Internet can't see 60 fps so it sends it at 30 fps and your imagination fills the gaps, think of it as a placebo effect."
I thought Captain Falcon was broken in PM?
I dunno about that... I can't exactly fill my psu with flashy RGB lighting
What about shade though?
But unions are bad and only prevent firing of bad teachers!
"Oh if that's true, then there is no such thing as global warming."
Secret Muslim.
I think it was the worst thing i've ever seen because i couldn't see it
"Exactly, they should leave him in jail for the remainder of his sentence the fucking criminal scum!"
If you had some redbullTM you would have the energy to argue for hours!
"Yes a corrupt, incompetent, pathological liar is *so much better*!"
*
Two things: 1 that's just gross 2 whose mom didn't do that on the Internet?
You mean it's not a really awesome birthmark?
"Nah those are radicals, the moderates are not like this at all you islamophobe racist xenophobe"
-greedisgood 9999999
"Yeah, must be hard to live in America."
Racism
And you repay him by calling him a dick on the Internet?
so you can ALWAYS disrupt Kelly's blur offense.
"Hai direwolf,nice building"
Not sure if
Dont get pulled over ...
Ogopogo
What a brilliant con!
dm;gb *doesn't matter; get buckets*
Of course no one believes it's appropriate to reduce all children to the lowest common denominator.
Maybe the spirit was inhabiting a soul so that it could travel the rift?
Yep and they all run with celestial nighthawk or obsidian mind
"Yep, because you know gay people pay less for child care than straight people do, right?"
"Slaughter Slide, Nice!"
"Gee, I wonder if you live in MD?"
"[Yes, Grommash Hellscream is in the movie although he has no dialogue in the current montage, we can see Kargath Bladefist and also Kilrogg Deadeye]"
prob
I don't see a
"WOW, now that's the kind of repercussions that say ""we understand the seriousness of this situation""."
"Now that I think about, 9/11 took place in the air, not on US soil."
Or just be drunk when you wake up.
I think he forgot the
"While this event does not prove that the globe is warming, these kinds of cold waves are expected to become more frequent as the earth warms."
You certainly know a lot about homosexual couples.
Who knew that these Orthodox were so active in the Spanish Inquisition?
They'll delay one out of Survival too...
I'm not surprised you were downvoted... Because weed Is totally good for your health
"It's almost as if the traditional forms of education, testing and certification aren't keeping pace with modern society?"
"No I don't think that, you're the only person who does think that, I think they should be made to pay for the kids college in fact"
"Yeah, that's killing Conor McGregor"
Yeah that was hilarious.
"If handlock plays giants you should have to slam your entire board into them to clear, having class neutral removal attached to a terrible body is OP apparently...."
unfortunately the two towers were built in such a way that the internal supports all shifted and thus provided no support during the collapse so this wouldn't work on normal buildings.
But how will I toast my bread now when their cards get cooled?
Yeah then we could have a ton of people dying to gas at the end and have no skill involved through the entire event and given $10000 to the person who has the best rng.
'Cause modifying an SQL query is such a huge capital investment...
"OP, I know our only interaction is this comment I am leaving you, but I wanted you to know I was thinking about you."
"And all the times I thanked you and/or was friendly to mean nothing all of a sudden, this new guy just has to show up"
"I thought Jaffe built up enough ""good boy points"" for attacking random highschool kids in the name of SocJus?"
Simple: Give bikers the ability to use Homing launchers
Twice if you can!
"Oh good, now the police have to deem it necessary to strip search a kid."
"Man, Obama needs to work on that Mormon vote."
Seems legit.
"Nope those three sounded nothing like James, Jeremy, and Richard."
"On a somewhat related side-note, I wonder how many people brought up the F-82E to the devs prior to release of the last major patch... Don't fix it, the Soviets need more Yaks!"
"Neither did Naniwa, I mean look at how many times he lost code A."
Sauce?
Maybe that was Obama's goal all along!
This is some subtle advertising
Wtf I love fat shaming now!
"But dude, George Lucas knew the Star Wars back story for over 20 *years*"
I don't like sand.
"Yes, because that's how hookup culture works and wouldn't just be decried as sexual harassment."
Hey that 18 year old knows what's up with this country as he's been politically active for like 3 months!
next: MPG is so much easier to compare than litres/100km
I'm sure she deserved it.
Because of course the book a Genesis is clearly a historically accurate account of the past
His vignette doesn't count?
"i think he should of tried for a bigger yield, looks beautiful though!"
Fight the power
I hear japan makes good Dolphin sushi
Sexist.
"Guys, we're not allowed to criticize OPs poor choices because it's victim blaming!"
eh...sometimes
They've melted already?
We could always do the classic French knights vs English bowmen but we already know how that turns out
"But you can't say that, it's racist!"
"OMG SO SKINNY, REAL WOMEN LIKE MEN WITH MEAT ON THEIR BONES!"
"But someone else isn't sure, so they can't be right?"
"Only black lives matter, racist, and this isn't a double standard because my skin is dark."
But lobbing against a bill that helps people fix their own phones is completely ok
"Nope, your religion is worse, mine is better."
There's no lag in dark souls!
But did you know that Seal means literally Sea Dog in Jewish Korean and German?
Because shes obviously more important than us poor souls without children
It'd be fine because we all know islamic terrorists don't deserve free speech.
"Definitely fake, he didn't get 1-shot by nidalee"
"It's pacman with a bowtie, it doesn't count"
"Stop manspreading, you cis het white male shitlord."
"yea, I've always thought Whedon's female characters were really weak"
"After trying for thousands of years to fulfill our prophecies we have finally succeeded, checkmate atheists!"
you were.
"wow is his ego really that big i only call myself once a month, tops"
yeah if naniwa or jaedong loaded up dota 2 no one would care
Maybe it's cause they're ashamed or scared of being ostracized by the community
"Would like to see how people would react if the sexes were reversed, but we live in a patriarchy so it is okay"
"Finland has 5 million and is all blue and Romania has 20 and is mostly black, etc etc... You're totally right."
Or 122 XD
"That'll teach ya, can't have players like you running around spreading hate."
Can you guys stop working on splash arts and fucking fix the servers in NA already.
Oh yes because hitting your kids is a healthy way to discipline them.
Such bold predictions
Absolutely nothing wrong with that
"What, no standing?"
"The contract would probably be coercive, exploitative and an abuse of power to control women anyway."
"Nah, 2 + 2 = 22 Simple math."
Who?
I guess it worked
more pay 2 win BS
TIL Morals are objective.
\#IWantARefund #DayZScumbagDevs #Lies
Downvoted because the mods are terrible.
Didn't you hear that the NSA ported their spying app to Tizen
It's like blizzard wants people to stop playing druids.
"""But it's better than your graphics card cause... cause... the 1080 means it can handle 1080p, like my XBox."""
"pft, LIES!"
"naw you're lying I built my own computer at home once, I know better than you"
But why didn't they just tear gas them in the leg
"Good job posting her insta, twitter and snap"
Because those four are literally the only options
We know Fox cares about nothing more than pleasing the fans of its programming!
Replacing Alm and Celica with two edgy self insert characters
His family got the $10 they deserved for the purchase.
This would protect the rest of the world from preventable diseases... can't have that.
Thanks for explaining what needs updating/fixed.
Ask GQ
let us retroactively veto that simmons trade and you will be absolved of all responsibility.
But helping these folks could lead to soicalism and m'freedom beein' hurt
It's so beautiful.
Don't forget they were all sock-puppets in the first place
Jimmy Carter fiddled while America burned.
"Nah, most WWII/Holocaust deaths were whities, who gives a shit?"
1 joystick so it must be 1 less of a joy to use than say a 360 controller?
All others need not apply
right and no one can learn them because the keyboards are just the same.
Or someone decides to make nachos with a microwave oven.
"ya, no one ever complained about stryker, zoe, etc..."
Apparently he has a gas chamber in his basement as well
"Yeah, because getting an unearned title shot or (god forbid) winning a title is exactly the kinda push into retirement Old Man Dan needs."
"Which would be fine, if they limited themselves to people who *deserve* those rights."
it's not my job to educate windows sheeple!1!
#MakeFnaticGreatAgain
"yeah, you should report this to collegeboard and ensure that your score gets lowered by a few hundred points at least"
but but muh genetuks
"Yeah, that's not a biased source at all."
what a disappointment ozil has been.
quali donne?
Because it's really jimbo
"Is that why we're the only ones to build lasting modern civilizations, explore space, invent the internet, fund super-colliders, and enslave the entire planet?"
"yeah, because your typical c++ programmer is of course fully aware of cache locality issues..."
Yupp that's definitely the issue..
"If they'd executed him immediately after the original trial, they wouldn't be wasting time and money on new DNA tests and appeals."
"Yeah it isn't designed for this, that's why it's a one shot kill on air vehicles (except the transport)..."
This is to ensure the smoothest experience for player.
"You're showing an extreme lack of interest, so clearly you're going to fall madly in love with him!"
"A black person holding a gun is a thug, a white person holding a gun is a patriot obviously."
"Somehow, it has to be a car's fault."
This is obviously not supposed to happen!
Is this your first day on this subreddit?
It's taught the correct way.
This 5 second clip of a scientist's quote taken out of context says otherwise!
Because you aren't smart like trump
looks like another case of toxic masculinity
"well its pretty hard to get satire over the internet, maybe Tumblr needs a"
"Women don't get angry, they just become crazy bitches!"
This seems... Relevant.
Then I guess it's time that we take to social media to run that swedish bastard out of town!
Yeah but undergrad girls on facebook get they panties soaked looking at my pathoma + goljan pdf + oneNote markup + biochem_pathway_hiRes.png + dead tree robbins on the desk
"Your right, some 3.5 million people voted for Hillary because DNC talked shit about Bernie team in emails, totally flipped election for her"
Those two sound like they would be pleasant to talk to!
No dude it was his flash bang mask
Just jelo 'cos the baby's dick is bigger.
"No, I scratched off the SN to make it more identifiable."
"Everyones focusing on the leg, im focusing on those succulent toes."
"Boogie, KAT has not even made a single shot this entire Olympic run"
Look at his African Americans!
Yah living in theprovince with the highest HDI and one of the highest GDP per capita really sucks
My guess is NY/NJ.
better sideboard cards
If his balls drop off at least they could be used to make the world's worst pair of earrings.
"Check your privilege, cis-scum-shitlord!"
Of course not because the Israelis are entitled to Lebensraum...
Let's open a thousand exchanges from moms basement.
"He doesn't kill his ""bitch"" daughter/wife/every female in the world."
"Yeah, on Mac that wouldn't happen, no games in the first place!"
"Didn't you know, Gretchen Carlson has been part of a false flag operation for Hillary."
Who said consensus was dead in this country?
Why would you need to be protected from vocational rehabilitation?
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh sure
you missed the
"Yeah, but if he'd only hit you the 'right way' then you'd love him more and be a better person!"
"I'm thinking 3 year, $50M contract should do it with $20M guaranteed."
Administrative leave as the suspect didn't get shot.
You bring testers out curbside too?
"Nope sorry, that was clearly their last one~"
"Obviously Rageblade is useless if you cant get the stacks, which takes sooooo long"
"What Di you expect, they were in Egypt for thousands of years."
Hai is having a great tournement?
"Yes, Valve is known for not listening to its customers"
But is it worth the extra 3.5?
He just needs better linemates that can keep up with his dumps
"This delivery guy must make a killer wage, unlike those Papa John's guys!"
"Well, yeah, how else are you going to keep the gays out of a citizen's ass?"
aliens attacked it and the now scientists are all zombies eating each other
"You're a guy, it's impossible for you to regret sex."
Well with the season almost over I'd say it's a lock
"Here, you forgot something,"
"OP is obviously hacking, reported."
The distance from the stanchion and the base line
Sexist remarks will not be tolerated.
Doesn't work on my 520.
"Gabbert has more 4th quarter touchdowns than Kaep last year, I don't know why they aren't starting him"
"thanks for the translation, and here i thought this was about russia giving it to nato in the butt"
"Yes, I'm sure no one at the club has told Raheem he's part of our future."
"No man, it obviously could *never* be *this* easy."
"I count $3000 and 1 AR15, WHY U NO SPEND MUNNIES ON GUNS?"
"Come on, where'd you get it though?"
"Impossible, if you don't croot the kid before he gets hair on his balls how are you going to know what kind of player your going to get"
"Because fuck you, you'll get what we give you and you'll be thankful for it."
"That would constitute actual evidence, I'm pretty sure that's not allowed in this sub"
I think you forgot the
Best parent ever award goes to you.
Don't you mean Nashville Rays?
"Yes, if illegal drugs were legal, people would do much less of them."
"You're right; if you're not going to Harvard or MIT, you might as well not have gone to college at all."
oh i forgot the
Seems legit
"So, based on the last image, is WB doing Injustice?"
sounds like a keeper.
Comic Sans
Oh so we're good then as long as girls stay bad?
Haywood to Boston for Avery Bradley.
Well that's the spirit
Just updating the subreddit for what's to come in .60!
"Maternity leave is basically a sabbatical, right?"
Because they were brainwashed by evil capitalist propaganda
And you're gonna get laid too!
"That's my friend, not me, but I'm sure that the kind sentiments of an internet stranger will make her feel better about losing her dog."
"Game literally unplayable garbage, fix this shit Hi Rez"
Its a major reason why so many people attend and watch the games!
"Yeah, every country can afford to take on the Chinese Navy/economy."
"Not really surprising, with how dominate the Jackets have been all season everyone should have seen this coming"
I *knew* Illuminati lizard men ran the government!
ITT: High quality input
Nice Saizo fanart
"Yeah, I have Biabiany there!"
I'm worried because karma means everything.
"Meh, I don't care, its not like I really love this useless karma stuff"
Maybe Donald is a bit too liberal.
"Just move to Syria and enter in as refugee, it'll be a lot easier."
That's why I'm voting for Trump!
Surely this means they will stop making foie gras
Yeah i guess that makes anivia broken since she makes darius ult unable to reset
The technology simply isn't there yet.
If Tim never had knee problems...what if
"Oh yeah man, you've got to use survival tactics around the big scary black people because they'll totally beat you up in a heartbeat without hesitation bruh!"
You know you have mature people when they are all marking their territory.
"Yeah alright, settle down laaav"
"Yes,it's impressive that fans could add a whole new feature to a game,and if you'd like to see more,step out of the grimy basement fight between the Xbone and the PS4,into the sunlight and into the other grimy basement."
"Whoa, too much edge."
"Ah, so he must have lived in Toronto."
"Chill there, Gambit."
Looks awful... Better give it to me
Can...can....can i feel your warm and nostalgic insides?
There might be room to hang a baby seat from the back fender
"Jokes on you, it's actually a crack in the lens made by the first bolt and exposing film to too much light"
here you dropped this
"Yes, because there is absolutely no way to break a pre-nup."
*If* we start to lose again :P
And people say Mexicans aren't really stupid
"Actually his pump fakes are super believable, that is why everyone falls for them all the time."
And we all know that its harder for practically every tank in the game to hit the LFP and not the UFP.
This sounds like something one of them intentional game ruiners would say...
"Ah yes, i forgot that jobs in scientific advancement totally define people while others do not"
cause that's not weird at ALL
Yep just like all women enter beauty pageants
It's because Heroes of the Storm is SO much superior to both Dota 2 and League of Legends that they wouldn't want to stain the glorious game that Blizzard made by putting it in the same genre
"Don't worry, we'll finally listen to the decades old GAO predictions the fund goes defunct in 2035 soon!"
"If only were in the United States, then you can become a state."
The format is very diverse - there are lots of ways to die before your 4th turn
"Stop oppressing them with your privilege, you NAZI!"
"...but you have all those sweet guns you're all so defensive about, 2nd Amendment and all."
Downtown Chicago?
Nice title bro
"Better yet, they could start seizing more property!"
This gets increasingly funny every time it's posted.
Typical woman
"Because why do we need to use something that has ""international"" in the name?"
3rd hit should be % health true damage so he'll be more in line with the new champions.
"Nah, you just lack faith."
"Don't worry, his schedule gets so much easier"
"Wait, there's lags on EU?"
And those graphics.... They put witcher 3 to shame.
"Oh thank god nothing illegal happens, then."
Just give me all your monies so you can send me to colleg.
Rip trying to see this on 4k monitors
Crem Brulee
And dont go swimming right after you ate something...
Was gonna say that rain might break the opti but it looks like a V-6 car.
Because women just don't worry about their bodies enough...
Yeah he's an asshole for being gay.
"He'd still support Bolton, because someone would start a new club, buy the old club's assets, and they'd be the same club..."
LOL
"great idea, we should have you running riot studios"
Stop victim blaming!
Ur thin privilege ugh
It's not like Joseph called every other religion an abomination or anything.
"Nah, fuck Brooklyn."
HAHAHAHA
I really hope you mean
"Wow, what a classy guy!"
"Wow, TIL youtube views=reddit votes."
"burn your headlights, you damn yankee"
Can't hug eeevery cat...But I can try!
It's okay though because an Asian person gave it to him.
No one plays casual seriously
Do you think anyone else is honestly worth caring about...
"Well, with 700 billion dollars, why not?"
But...but...but that doesn't comport with the narrative!
I'm sure the President of the United States has nothing better to do than answer questions on reddit.
But all Muslims are terrorists remember.
Geez guys get a room.
Before you mave to a better country pay your debt.
"Lol yeah, that'll totally work"
It's only wrong when it's fake women not fake men
"Hey, natural nuts traded for sucrose injected with unnatural colors is always a win!"
"But these ""good guys"" put in so much effort, and the women just don't understand the ""friend-to-lover"" transition for all that hard work!"
yeah but it's gender-neutral because whoever does the asking pays
About time someone owned up!
"FINALLY, A PACIFIST CHRISTIAN CONSERVATIVE"
"Yeah, he should have just driven past."
Maybe even a gay romance if we get lucky
Because only his opinion matters and you're a bigot if you disagree!
But dude God wrote it so its like the best source of all time
Uh...
"""You recieved: P90 | Module (field-tested) for having done 796 Overwatch cases with an accuracy of 98,5%."""
His friend probably stole his phone and said that as a joke!
"But Israel is a mean old racist apartheid state, unless those innocent wonderful Palestinians!"
"If Blizzard literally made the game f2p with micro transactions tomorrow, RIP LoL, Dota, CS, Minecraft, Hearthstone, mobile games and console gaming."
Clearly the man is impartial and should be handling everything related to GamerGate on Wikipedia.
"I'm sorry, I have the copyright on the letter ""o"", so either pay me money or I am going to have to flag your comment."
threeway
So happy I dropped him around Week 2 as we thought Rawls was coming back to carry the load..
Well I guess that makes everything okay.
You must be insane
I think those in question care more about the artistic value of the song more than a video.
Yeah reddit is so fond of Muslims
"Because in those areas, their gun laws predated their gun-related homicide problems."
"What, you mean my credit card is not free money?"
Have you ever been on Tumblr?
"Not gonna lie, would love to chat at your horse"
"Don't worry, everyone here follows reddiquette!"
What a scrub.
After each 100 science you have a random chance of getting a backpack drop which when open with a key from the KSP store will have a chance at unlocking a new skin for one of your parts.
All we have is rape culture.
I hope we are #3
That's a fantastic umbrella to put rugby players under
you forgot the
awwwwww
"Nah, it was Jill Stein's fault"
"Well any wise person knows that if you kill people that disagree with you, it's because you are obviously right."
"nonono, youre supposed to take all the credit for yourself"
Thanks for pointing that out...
EUV needs to be next up
Does he mean xyz scum?
You don't get high on birth control?
I wonder if it's just a coincidence that everything looks symmetrical
"Jesus, how are you even going to lift it?"
Time for him to retire
There are no dickheads in Australia
Yes because only Indian people have a monopoly on over bearing mothers.
ohhh somebody please remove u/johncenatbh he is not saying that KD is a bitch
Yeah remember that shark they trained to do to jump on command and splash people for fun haha that was the best!
Racist.
Obamacare will take care of me for 20 years
Because there is a difference between girls and boys
#HAES
TIL on To Catch a Predator the guys were mostly interested in the boy
"West Bengal with it's communist government eliminated the ""servant"" culture."
Bestest scripts EU by far
"Quality post, i rate it 10/10 and upvoted."
"Don't worry, we got Spaling and a 3rd so I'm okay with this deal now"
but.....*what if*
...Opaque Box?
Naw ... 6Kyrs old made to look like it was 25 Myrs old
"Yeah, give me mass-produced shit from a few behemoth companies any day"
Want to help us find out ?
Formerly christian hopefully it is
Well after this release of info there is no way I could vote for Hillary Clinton.
"Well depending on context and writing style it does, but either way, should have added a"
"Yeah, but if you're rich, you can fuck off with your mental problems."
Aww but...but creepy doll!
"As someone raised, I would put them under."
Sorry forgot the
You forgot this:
nah mate fluke merchants...
"""You are just in this hospital for attention!"""
But there are no fans in Vegas and you don't deserve a team.
It's ok though because Islam is the religion of peace!
"Yeh man, totally deserves to die young"
Get new friends
"whatever, it's a good faith year."
JJ Abrams to make Star Wars reboot where Anakin doesn't turn evil.
"I'm sure that infertile women who can't have kids and instead have to have dogs that are their babies would totally agree with these ""real"" moms."
Yea we only have a billion years to live on the earth might as well say fuck it and destroy it in the next 100.
"Oh good, they support vaccines unlike those barbaric Taliban."
Stop victim blaming!
Kogmaws chromas are cool too
Douchebag...
"On iFunny, the app with the most original content ever, and a very mature user base."
If Jamaica can race bobsleds why can't there be hockey in hot climates?
yeah what an asshole
Idk what you're talking about
"Wow, what a nice guy."
That article wasn't completely biased at all
"Just legalize the drugs, the market will go away, and these guys will move onto proper crimes instead of victimless ones."
This is why we need to end net neutrality!
"Not all of us care to have a ""smartphone"" you damn hipsters...."
Wukong Full AD Use Q to ks everything You're welcome
"But he traded an unproven rookie with attitude issues for a mediocre center, that's totally as bad!"
"Nah people were black and white before that, don't you even know history?"
You can say he almost snuck into that inch of space in front of you
I can only assume he meant
"You don't understand though, their kid looked to good not to share dammit !"
Because that's a side effect of the same virus that causes homosexuality.
"Are u sure though.. Rs3 had A LOT of updates, look what happened"
"Yeah, better to let them drown or be bombed by whoever is throwing bombs in $region right now."
"Yep, go ahead and not fear that crocodile trying to bite your face off, no fear you have magic shield you won't have to act, just die right."
"Sure, now that gays can marry."
Sounds like a really cool pet with a great personality.
"As an American, what the fuck is a gram?"
"""But isn't it a good thing if the US and Russia were more friendly?"""
I like how Harley Quinn went from looking like an actual harlequin court jester to playing card themed paramilitary bikini model.
"Well, is this case the only case of a Muslim convicted of rape, ever?"
"Well, this post is clearly going to have a constructive discussion in the comments section."
"As a mountain biker and occasional trail steward/repair person, this is not a very sustainable use of trails."
He works in mysterious ways.
"Yeah, true love goes only to the best-looking option."
"No, being a mother is!"
"Damn, I was hoping to see Skyrim on this sale."
America would win** FTFY
Boy I bet you're a real joy at hackathons
You mean 5 people don't get a free skin for 95 RP ($1)?
"yay, wonder womans first onscreen appearance and we reduce her to being a naked sexthing!"
Oh yeah Cooper never plays the same songs
"Yea, murder is definitely the reasonable response."
Sweet dose of nationalism to the uneducated guard.
"Shut up, pussy."
Players who aren't compensated being given cars and televisions
Our society would be so much better if we just let all our prisoners go and didn't lock up anymore up.
Epic use of memes br0
doomed!
"Um, I'm sorry, but the ""opposite"" gender implies that there are only two genders, when in reality there are roughly 1053 genders."
God life would be so much easier for white males if it weren't for all these pansies getting offended by sexism and racism and rape jokes!
Looks legit.
No one's ever complained about DotA's spawn timer for jungle mobs.
How can you be moral without god?
"Omg, just buy a new one!"
She was teaching how Obama takes all the money from the hardworking Americans and allows lazy shits like yourself to sit on your ass and live comfortably.
"Yeah, the woman who opposed gay marriage because of the bible's importance to society was a progressive."
Yeah but they wouldn't have to reduce his SS and disability if Obama and liberals didn't ruin the economy and create this disaster we're living in.
Lol give the veterns discounts/free food for their service but make them pay anyway cause every knows if you don't tip you aren't a true American
I'm sure batman could still defeat them
Just when I thought Hollywood was out of new ideas
There should be a subreddit for things that dota has that cs doesn't
I hear troops love being led with people who've never had experience in politics or military!
About as real as Christianity
Or for the stadium to blow up
I know they're such idiots!
No one will ever forget : Chumba Wumba
But gay people are LITERALLY destroying out countries because they have sex with eachother in their bedrooms!
But the reflections from my neighbors panels give me headaches
"OMG you used 4 lines to write this, I could do that in 3, so ineffecient"
"He's not giving the Nazi salute, he's just attending a Trump rally"
Because their health is my problem and should require the government to interfere with my medical options.
It was supposed to be sarcasm guess I needed the
"Perhaps he's a believer in the curvature of spacetime, like all sensible, rational people."
Its an Oculus anti-consumer move to require an external computing device!
But he's ruining my precious art
Nice one Wainuiomata mall management - trying to con poor unsuspecting LowerHuttians over to your dying mall.
BUT WHY ALL TWEAKS SHOULD BE FREE!
Because clearly attempts to outlaw it are pushed by Big Pharma because you can't patent a stone!
Shoulda included that
...can I have a Yak and an Emu together?
Well the x-axis is only ~60 years and the Y-axis is only a 10% range so it's clearly not misrepresenting information in order to push an agenda.
"Yea, sure makes me (a size 6) feel much better about the 15 pounds I've been trying to lose.."
"Sure, you definitely know me as a person, inside and out, random internet site person."
"Yeah because sex is over when the man cums, sooo..."
You mean you DON'T want to see the crowd in the middle of a team fight?
"Doesn't matter, feelings leave no room for context or jokes, shitlord."
Wonder if Schmidhuber referenced all the papers in the last two years that proposed this
GOD DAMN SPOILERS
Well how else are you gonna watercool your HDMI port?
"yeah, because prison life is so leisurely and nice."
"Well, at least we don't have religions oppressive, controlling, ""original sin"" hanging around our necks anymore..."
I guess some people really need that
"Marcelo, Dani Alves, David Luiz, Oscar, Fernandinho..... yeah, no offensive spark whatsoever"
What could possibly go wrong with asking teams to potentially play 9 hours of CS in a row?
"Which is why the vast majority of police forces, militaries, and civilians use semi-autos."
"Thanks for protecting us, Judge Ravenstahl!"
But Judo won't work because in real life people won't be wearing gi.
Yeah Right they will pay for it.
But then they wouldn't be literally *scaring women shitless*
I'm only 11 and I know they're called Phillies
"b-b-but he's a celebrity, we know everything about him!"
That's racist!
"Yep, the best way to avoid kids ruining their lives is by sticking them with jail time and a criminal record."
Huff Post - the bastion of credibility and honest journalism
Let's capitulate and let this guy have some nukes.
And if it turns out it wasn't their fault....then all is Forgiven right?
"Yes, because putting a mouse and keyboard in your hands gives you instant skill"
Would that be bad?
"Guess I should start telling people I grew up in ""midtown"" and not North Raleigh"
About 1/1698750 of your body weight is safe.
You forgot the
nah man it's so much easier to find a great clip than a great girl
He better hope that goat was horny.
Did you try and see if it works back in the state where it used to boot up?
Yes because it will affect their lives and they will commit suicide now because of me!
Now if only the GE electorate was made up of a split GOP primary electorate and not literally an additional 100 million people not involved in the GOP primary.
Check the White House.
Because it's very hard
[Leaves]
But but... They sued him and somehow proved he was a work for hire and made them lose out on millions of sales and sync revenue.... How punk rock is that?
"Wow, battery stats: 1 day left and already 4 hrs SoT."
Don't we all though?
I heard they are planning to ban football balls &amp; football shoes too !
Super fun to play against.
"""Why are we hating on the AIR client when people in Africa have no food?"""
That is great advice!
#KDA
But we don't want them: they have scary names!
"Supporting Russia invading Ukraine is stupid, but the whole invasion of Afghanistan/Iraq was totally justifiable."
"Exactly, so shouldn't we update the 4th ammendment now that we have so much technology that bad people are using to coordinate attacks?"
Tried out the Oculus yesterday and ended up having to wait for months to get my order.
No pliz ban scammer
"I mean, what do you expect when *his mom was recording*"
Yay for being a default sub!
"but then you would have to add ""_&amp;_sausagerolls"" to your username"
But but xbox has the cloud to make it the best gaming system
And make those with cushy easy lives feel like shit because they had so many more advantages and still fell short...
What's wrong with just going to your local Tim Horton's?
Yes... smoking a bong would make me so much more sophisticated...
Gaga for Senate!
"That I loved how the map lasted such a long time, enough to finish projects and your base."
CNET
Kurt Cobain.
do you mean narednra modi app?
"high school, though, that's acceptable."
Its only okay if it's Bernie Sanders
"Earth rotation is a patriarchal conspiracy, shitlords."
"But they weren't immediately entirely destroyed by the glorious Royal Navy unlike the Russian, French and Italian navies, so they must have been amazing."
well men aren't really people as such.. they're utilities...
"""UofgAy"" ... very clever"
You mean the superbowl
Voor 1000 euro ben ik misschien wel bereid op de VVD te stemmen
"and why they overreact, right?"
Because some people have never had Krystal?
Quit DDOSing people
What better way to evaluate player other than a 3 minute span on a back to back game in summer league?
"Yeah dude, I hate golden eagles"
Can we be friends?
"Remember guys, police don't need heavy weaponry, but every citizen should have an ar-15 with armor piercing bullets, right?"
he did it because he hates the troops
"After seeing the same behavior from Guardian and JDM and people start to agree on the fact that it's something with the demos, what if they just all use the same cheats?"
The human body isn't a machine!
Something tells me you have no hidden agenda beyond your comment.
TIL laptop is not a PC.
"That's what happens when you take the year off, man."
"From what I've read on here, you actually voted leave because you're a narrow minded, nationalistic bigot."
Do you worship the great leader Kim Jong Un too?
Annnnnnd you just jinxed us!
iBrick 5
"Chess is such a noob game though... there's no micro, or eco management, and you're capped at 16 pop"
Hope lobying will be recognized as corruption by then
Upgrading to TH11 must take an eternity.
Because all it takes to over throw a government is money.
The Bank of Mom seems to always be in business
You can't possibly be a sysadmin they all carry Glocks.
Only the civil liberties I care about are important!
Decomp cases are fun
"Yah, but this is, like, *natural* sugar, so, yah...."
All castles have corridors.
She looks very happy indeed
"""Putting those lazy welfare babies to work!"""
Support suicide is skyrocketing because of the ammo request abuse.
DAMNIT!
That will cost to much money
Because he bots
Lets hope its
Chibi still had the best run by far tho
"You liar, women never rape and women can never be rapists."
Dont worry; Im sure we can just vote against them with our wallets.
"Right, because walls at 3,000,000 a piece are necessary and extremely important"
I'm so happy that's what we are now known for.
Yeah but he's really lost the minority vote
"Oh, maiming most players' games to counteract a minority, that's great thinking!"
OP is such a dumb little shitlord.
Good thing they put the 2 shortest people in the front row right in front of the chalkboard that is on the ground.
"""Tunnel logic"" is great, isnt it?"
The US Steel ballpark in Gary IN has done wonders
It's almost like they're internationally releasing a gaming console or something!
The NBA has a racism problem!
But 'AR' means 'Assault Rifle'!
"I'm sorry, I forgot to add a"
"I mean, shouldn't you all be in a zoo or something?"
ignorance of the law is no excuse.
Feeling so good about that 2nd round pick.
"Sorry, I dropped one of these."
Yeah only murica has used hunting dogs.
All this water in our processed foods is the cause for the rapid rise of over-hydration diagnoses in this country!
Because she obviously listens to doctor's advice.
But a sport returning to the Olympics after a 112 year hiatus isn't big in a historical way at all.
Maybe its because hes playing the starters too much
"Yep, we all have Android M!"
"What an articulate and level headed answer, by someone who has clearly read, assimilated and critically thought about the points laid out in front of him."
Yah he hates his daughter !
Yeah... Great idea... Lets just send them to Syria or whenever where they can murder anyone without hurting any Europeans... There... problem solved!
"Yay, then we can have the world of both worlds!"
Sounds like something someone without class would say.
You dropped this
"Fuck the morals, right?"
Is there a way to check if that hot chick in accounting's details were leaked?
Don't you know all we need is more prisons.
I'd be more relieved than anything
"Hurt durr, but if Hell *froze* over, then how can you claim global *warming*?"
Well... Weren't most of them?
haha yea i forgot my
Wait for 2080ti DONOT upgrade now!
"But they have tvs and refrigerators, so they're not THAT poor!"
Reaper totally fits the stereotype of Hispanic dual pistol shotgun wielding death mask teleporting ex blackwatch agent with no distinguishable accent
I have been known to hiss and cower in the presence of bibles and crosses.
BREAKING NEWS
"I'd rather just us Arma3sync, A3 Launcher, WS Launcher, Breaking Point launcher and steam workshop..."
but the buildings need to look sexy as you drive by them.
"I like his name, Instablock."
"He said in his comment, it was Booker T!"
"No worries, they put it in neutral."
You forgot the
They're just jealous
"Right, exactly, you have to trade your women for land and/or goats as currency otherwise it's all non-kosher."
Because commie pinko atheist faggots are ruining my 'Murica!
Imagine it was russia not Saudi... bill would pass 6 years ago on the first day 1000-1
Its better that you lose and the troll wins
This subreddit needs more quality posts like this.
"Riiiiight, cuz people can definitely control what scares them.... Especially when it's to the point where they have anxiety attacks about it"
"Well I'm glad someone is going to step up and be the arbiter of normalcy, since classifications aren't arbitrary at all."
But he's just trying to help!
It's probably because Jews run the media and they don't like the Aryan look.
Makes the rocket go faster
"Whaaat a conservative being investigated by the election commissioner, no that never happens...."
"where's the ""add to basket button"""
Pistons are totally suppose to be in pieces.
Maybe if we ban the supply of cups people won't drink themselves to death too...
You forgot BBM!
I'm sure she did it in self defense.
"Because ""drugs and drugs"" sounds silly, duh."
Omg your so funny.
BUT TRUMP IS MORE PRO-LGBT THAN THE LIBERALS
Yeah and it was against the Pacers... I wonder how he'd do against a team that plays defense.
yeah but the fix was to make it so you can't drive vehicles
You missed a
"here, you dropped this:"
*Really*?
"I agree, why should the people fighting for equality have to deal with equality."
What could go wrong
Stock photos of babies are a huge turnon.
"Yea, but he needed to do that to get all the drugs off the street!"
Freeing slaves is definitely the work of a hate group
But diva
Sweet...wonder if they give away the leftover sterilizer.
nah man if you killed kumar in 1 attack it's a -30% debuff because it can be ressed.
because shay-god deems us plebeians not ready for awesome M60 belts.
"But the ""Plastics"" need to integrate!"
"Lol right, fuck them!"
"Good, they'll probably immediately go vegan after that."
"Wow, thanks, I didn't know that"
"Like not listen to her, fart and burp, and be generally obnoxious?"
"""Never message me again"" Huh, better message her instantly!"
"You're right, come to think of it I've never actually seen a girl outside of a bar or a campus."
I don't know...cow farts are pretty great
li li 100% pick &amp; ban
yeah we elected trump.....hell call them for what they are.
THERE WERE NONE - except Jon knocked Suzy and Dan out.
Is that anything like the Super Bowl?
woah woah woah spoilers man
Yeah because Whis will get punished if he does it.
So you're the one who randomly pops a bubble on the middle platform causing me to kill myself with a rocket?
The DH-17 whine posts never get old
You can't say that because that means you want the team to lose and are just a bad fan
I like the amount of variety on this sub that gets to the front page.
"Hey you stole that comment from youtube, nice try"
"It's standard ""common law"", duh!"
"Yes, conspiracy theorists are the real threat to the government"
I believe you were looking for this at the end of your sentence:
"No, they would never do that again like the last time we cracked the top 10, would they?"
I'm a pedophillic bisexual wolf dragon and youre opressing me Check your privilege
"Same with those ocean cruises, the captain get fed up with life and just drifts right into an iceberg."
"Yeah and if Lebron played, he would be the best player to grace the game no question about it."
"I'm sure this is what ""rule of law"" was supposed to mean."
Certainly not a rinky dinky socialist from Vermont.
"Because after all, government officials aren't private citizens."
I think you missed this at the end of my post
Those children were obviously working for hamas and were hiding bombs in the playground
classic jew
Thoughts and opinions that go against the narrative are obviously the true threat to the West.
BUT I HEARD DISNEY IS AN EVIL OVERLORD THAT DEMANDED KORRIBAN BE RENAMED!
"It's because she was upset... I mean, you know how it is... you shouldn't prosecute someone if it upsets them."
Recent floods?
but yeah please
It's absolutely disgusting that this guy isn't being allowed into the country to tell others how they should think - I thought we were all about free speech!
PS:
Judging by the Wynne AMA it's not a big deal.
"No, because gay is a choice."
"My name is Thayer Evans... please contact me, I'd like to have a friendly chat."
Wow thanks it's almost as if there weren't hundreds of grimoire cards to check
"fuckin Jews, always telling us what to do."
But I thought National was a business minded party that would run our SOE's really well?
But we're totally the selfish ones...
i think blues is played out cause so many people play it
I live there and I would love to know the location of these cultural needs!
Because of economic anxiety.
"Because stereotypes are good and awesome and always totally accurate, right?"
But black people can't be racist right?
but did you take the anabolic window into account in your calculations brah
*libelgate
"Ah yes, that's Bodhidharma's Razor: ""Assume your enemy is a psychopath, just in case."""
"Yeah, fuck those roles, who wants them anyways?"
"No, I lost count after three shots."
Seems fair and balanced to me.
"Yes, because the WWE was so SHIT when it was PG throughout the entire 80's and early 90's!"
Just rollback to Windows 9
pussy
"Well, at least Josh Duggar isn't gay because that would be unforgiveable!"
jesse can argue that hes Buddhist and its a religous symbol.
"Why bother, the eye can't see more than 24 FPS anyway."
"Physicists disagree about the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics, therefore physics is no more rigorous than poetry and anyone who tries to get at 'objective' 'reality' is just putting on airs."
4k gold that builds out of cheap components sure is late game
Don't hate the cheater hate the cheat
adrian shared some of his hgh
Because its Sunday and nobody works on Sundays....
... do I need to add
The hot tub kills the germs.
Don't forget Rudy!
Totally
"Yeah, but hey, who needs democrat senators anyway."
So... is it more racist to kill Indians or to to call Native Americans Indians?
And all I need to do to cosplay Pearl is tape an egg to my forehead...
What if we made one special time zone everyone used
You are forgetting polls are literally meaningless.
Do I really need
But blue-eyes was the best monster
"It's okay, I built the deck *before* it was cancer."
It was just a gift it probably means nothing
"Yeah, RM can't possibly afford De Gea now."
Oh and... maybe we should call it unranked competitive matchmaking.. WoW QQ
Doesn't have Avatar 0/10
And they call Snowden a traitor
Usain Bolt clearly wins
It's an awesome CQC weapon if you manage to get off the 360 no scopes brah.
"yea, it really sucks how my farmville doesn't do quests raids and gathering for me while i'm logged out also i really do miss being able to tweet my ingame selfies"
"Yeah, those anti-fascists are pretty crazy"
Ahem... New Testament expert here... I need those letters...
Yes drug are always the solution
"I don't, but she does since she prayed about it"
Yea it's not like they mentioned that the QSS changes would buff zed and he most likely would need balance adjustments afterward.
Gas them!
"Yes, abramovich saw Chelsea as a charity case and decided he'd donated them the money, because other clubs could take care of themselves and earn their way... Right !"
Pretty sure Jon could pronounce clomid.
"Only if his girlfriend allows him to, of course."
I guess Pentagons 500 mill was well spent.
"But he asked Russia to do something that they probably already do anyway, he's totally a traitor, cause they are going to listen to him and continue to do it."
Do you not understand how each haircut is a meme in itself.
"No, that was a"
Final boss is in a 2D platforming format because that's what Nintendo fans love right?
A lot*
"yeah, Evander Kane was a great role model for Winnipeg's youth"
"Of course not, they're the genetically/emotionally superior race why should they have to breed with us white genetic scum."
But Bama.
Shoulda tagged my comment
"Yes, because every woman who sleeps with a lot of men is doing it to manipulate people"
"Yeah, why can't the cripples all hide inside on Halloween, like when I was a child?"
"Not a G502, not good enough."
thanks for the incredibly informative and helpful response.
Yeah we should obviously go for QB to mentor for under Rivers.
"Yeah, let's make things harder on ourselves because it's better for critical thinking"
If only the great Nonis was still gm of the leafs we could have signed this great elite Russian sniper
You know you did well when Gandalf just stand there in disbelief
But they *killed* her birds!
dude you have no humor sense you are terrible
HEY GUYS I THINK JEREMY HILL JUST BECAME AVAILABLE
Coulda used a
"Yea, SKT such underdog"
having no case mean better cooling
The clock should run during kickoffs
Conflict of interests don't exist because of your third person anecdote.
But at least Gillian gets his amazing ladder set up cut scenes.
"Better yet, just give all those guardians a special emote for the week where they furiously masterbate while looking at their own reflection."
"we should get loulex since huhi speaks french, he sure is a good lee sin player"
Jimi Hendrix
"Toxic, anti-fun, fuck off"
But karma is so important!
Pretty sure Skype is what the pros use.
"So in recent years we've had great campaigns in Wolfenstein and Doom, does that mean we might get a great Duke Nukem in 2 or 3 years?"
"Ew, he watches porn"
I think you forgot your
You forgot the
Soldiers use water therefore our police should not drink water.
Shouldn't all Muslims be giving milk by now?
"Don't you know, America is lazy and the only way to bring back the middle class is to increase work hours."
Yeah because BLM is LITERALLY inverted KKK
Totally a sign that they need to repent.
"Nah, that's just silly, clearly it's made from a ground up 13 year old."
Obviously she doesn't fur the way you want her too.. duh.
"Too difficult, better release Lazrgatr"
"Those are ""family"" possessions!"
"Of course, there was an error before, how silly of me to think there might be more."
Thanks Buzzfeed.
The MUTSUB Feggertz
you thin people and your thin privileges
"No, you need to assert dominance"
... with assholes.
also Ruby is a guy
Duh because fruits are good and vegetables aren't!
He maybe dropped a lot of money to play control warrior but I guess you haven't got the memo that such players have the right to win.
Sushi Police
German language hasn't changed THAT much though
"Here, you dropped these: s,"
Poor Pumpkaboo :(
Yes because CS and dota and League are completely bug free right ?
"Great reason to hate it, I also hate movies that make me feel something other than the general happy ending bullshit that never seems to happen in real life."
"Get out of here with your propaganda, you capitalist pig!"
That's seems like so much fun.........
you mean right click and Yi?
"That's because gay people are oppressed by assimilating into straight culture, i.e., not thinking about their sexuality 24/7."
"Guys, why all the downvotes?"
Spoiler alert
because clothing would interfere in their time capabilities.
Shh don't u know that word is offensive?
Must be the pain meds.
And kidnapping!
"No, all they need is McLaren fucking up, Ferrari being Ferrari, and a Venezuelean driver"
They all look alike to him
"Hey man, you're not supposed to give an actual answer, you're just supposed to criticize the actual decision to go in in the first place"
Nice try Ahmed
Yeah same... I wish someone had an extra to give me
I was born in 97 clearly I'm a 90's kid
Someone being smart enough to lock their treasure chests.
"Right, because the problem in the US currently isn't excessive power by corporations, it's definitely too many unions."
Or it really WAS a bomb and now he's going to get it into the White House!
Stop using your logic to defend yourself!
Must be all the American fans following NJPW.
"Yes,he also confirmed l4d3 and portal3 in his qna"
"Nice, so if VPNing into another network and trying to resolve a local domain, it comes down to whether your local DNS responds faster than the one at the other end of the tunnel... genius"
GIMME DAT FULL COMMUNISM GIMME DAT FULL COMMUNISM GIMME DAT FULL COMMUNISM IT'S GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME
"I knew Canadians were hiding something, no one is that nice on purpose."
Forgot a
"Man, that sounds terrifying!"
I have puny girly hands don't make fun of me!
"Hey bro, I'm just giving you job security."
Still can't make salsa because tomatoes and peppers haven't been discovered yet.
"Well, don't do it in front of cops."
Yeah this definitely not a hate crime.
"What, you to good bend over and shop like the rest of us?"
I'm sure we'll be hearing of these new and improved services in no time.
Projecting a very bright light and making the ground slippery is very safe for everyone who's not the bus.
No sharks there.
But have you tried not having a brick wall?
Evidence that she is a reptilian!
"Well, clearly Charizard wins because he's the best Pokemon, even though he's not in this match."
Hilarious
Earning that mature rating.
Yeah just like how you're not cheating now
Surely filled with godless heathens!
Yeah nobody thinks that TSM is a threat
It's almost as if using the same balance for both softcore and hardcore is a terrible design decision.
I hear the dark web has a special on assassins this time of year
alright gotta go cheat on faceit thank you for your advice
"Heh, maybe I shouldn't have left out the"
Won't anyone think of the children!
"It's a German jet it can't do well, Gaijin obviously artificially nerfs the stats on it so that Rooshans and Freedumbs can win more."
Nope professionals don't need that we want .44mm thinner to make sure our backs don't break sorrynotsorry
Go fuck off somewhere else.
You're gonna need more than a knife if it comes down to zombies... Glad I'm in Hawaii
"Wow, Kimi was a bit smaller back then?"
"He's got one period and one comma, that's all you need!"
"Cuz who would want a tavor with a lighter trigger, built in picatinny rails, index finger magazine release, forward assist and the option for a traditional trigger guard."
or a nymph..
A little toddler torture never hurt anyone
"Yes, because paintings ""created nowadays"" are all of celebrities and brand names."
Just what I'd expect some disgruntled Armenian to say.
Gaaaay
Yeah cuz everyone has superfast internet.
Can't be a victim if you're dead.
How did you ever figure that out?
"Yeah, because sibling rivalries always make the bonds weaker."
"HaHa silly NASA their is no oil on the moon, no way you are going to get the money"
But it looks so much cooler and seems so much more hi-tech!
"Wow what a surprise an anti Abbott tweet got 'accidentally' broadcast on the ABC, even with all the staff employed on show."
"Yeah, because you can't convey sarcasm on the internet"
"Well, now that you mention it...I didn't get anything for Veterans Day!"
Mark it as such.
GSP and Diaz are just using that cage to hide from the real champion that is Hendricks.
"And the 3 years spent trying naturally trying to time ovulation, the year under fertility medications followed by insemenations and the several extremely expensive failed Invitro Fertilization attempts would have all not been necessary for many people if they would have just calmed down and relaxed."
Didn't you know that time spent implementing this feature that no one was asking for is time they could spend on legacy servers which everyone is asking for?
Why would the cars color be relevant?
What's Natascha's name?
People still play that game ?
.... But.... But my friend said so
"hey, what colour is my shirt?"
"Because traffic jams, accidents, and construction have definitely cleared up delays here in the US"
I got sniped in the first second and they are just camping the point for the next minute and a half.
"Yes, because if Sudan forces its women to cover up, it must mean all Muslim women everywhere are **forced** to cover up."
Clearly things become acceptable because God willed them to be.
Whole Foods just robs you when you check out.
"I can't wait for the next big thing, our very first South East Asian slaves!"
You dropped this
"Yeah, Benteke has a really exceptional fitness record..."
Any things DOT legal with a sticker
ITT: People who have intimate knowledge of Clinton's plans to deregulate Wall Street and appoint only the greasiest of Goldman Sachs execs to governmental positions.
Do i get credit for the assist?
Oh that makes it so much better.
It's to boot up P:M right
"M here, wearing dresses like caityln jenner ohhh wait..."
pleb
"Yes, we need more weeaboo content to this sub"
You forgot your
"Oh darn, we've been unearthed."
...those word thingies?
Fat can't melt steel boners
You mean the Mandarins.
Justin Beiber helped in 9/11?
TIL Saitama is a casual starbuster
"Nah, it's Heckler &amp; Koch."
Reeeeeee DC shills
ROB FORD IS THE BEST MAYOR THAT HAS EVER EXISTED IN THE HISTORY OF EVER!
How can you expect a non-leatherworker to understand something as complicated as a set of reins?
But doesn't Manning call the plays?
But - he beats off that much so it must be normal!
Hua yes because the houses are bulldozed for no reason right of course
"Yeah, murdering monarchs just makes us giddy"
Reddit has much more thorough background checks
I didn't know chiz's head was that big!
But but but the all powerful oracle Nate Silver said his momentum has passed!
"Jolly good chap, time to supress the plebs."
JFK because he was a man.
You been talkin' to Fishmahboi?
POLISH IT ANYWAYS!
"Call of Duty: Ghost is the most recent texture pack, but it cost $60"
And I'm sure all 65 are politely discussing the merits and shortcomings of these criticisms
you lookin for volunteers?
yeah sc2 is the best game ever thats why it deserves to have all the viewerships
But raising minimum wage will just create more inflation so it doesn't fix the problem!
"Jokes on you, you messed up the comma too!"
Ok I'll go 26.3 miles and call it an ultra marathon and write a book about the thin privileged couldn't keep me down.
Censor the Internet.
"so now Germany is a racist Ethno State, great, RACISTS!"
"Wow big deal here, it's so controversial, it sure gonna cause a massive problem later, and it's so big, how could she ever hide it?"
"He was just doing you a favor, clear tails are all the rage nowadays..."
"No, I'm bashing PwS based entirely off internet reports."
"Wanting to nuke the Middle East, and wanting to kill all those who disagree with you is totes not terrorism at all."
But they only get 70 cents for every dollar a man makes so their $14 trillion collects interest a lot slower.
"But, if you amortize it over your wait period, it's only $5 a day."
"cmon man.... what are you, racist?"
"Ronan (L), Elektra, MODOK"
ORTIZ CAREER TAINTED
Omg I am offedned by this why isnt this nsfw omg u could scar a childs life omg u terrible person
"Yeah, everybody in that video looked super cool, I think I'm going to go fight due to all this glorifying."
well of course not with the 5th amendment and all....
Anong kaputanginahan naman ba to?
This would make a nice flag
How about the football wars?
I think he may have forgotten to do
"Yeah, *just* pandering to racists is fine..."
That's cause his sugars er low
"needs more tone mapping, i can still see what may have once been a shadow."
Well that suddenly makes your opinion law.
I'm saying it since we're all thinking it: Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare.
Yes let's kill one way valve supports the funding of majors
GET OUT.
"We'll duh, if they can't hate the Jews, it's not interesting."
What a great use of the state troopers.
"Yeah, but these are Jed York YES MENTM coaches and doctors!"
"Who would need 37 O'Rielly jerseys, isn't one enough"
Dont you fucking dare talk about Obomba like that !
Thanks for letting me know why.
"Yes, and this totally justifies his murder."
Must be 300 American Republicans...
"Class acts, those Kennedys."
dude spoiler tag that
Briles to Saban's OC at Texas confirmed.
Dude Khalib Starnes is underrated
"But if the light hadn't turned red, that person would be way ahead!"
"horrific I don't recommend it, alcohol is my only friend."
What if that is all they want?
Yes.....that would go over SO well with the audience.
Nintendo doesn't want people to find traditional levels.
"Yepp, everyone not agreeing and stating their oppinion is a hater"
Cut out the middle-plant and just stand outside; your body will convert sunlight directly into protein!
When were they ever not funny?
Just watch the NA vod another time if it starts too late for you
why did he draw the old pepsi logo lol
Why do you hate animals?
Fuck off were full
how did it even work with that on there
"Because only an IDIOT would think ""Global Warming"" is anything besides the sun!"
"wow this has a lot to do with the grumps, nice quality post."
"Yeah, right now they seem to be making a new one DAILY!"
BUR PEE CEE CANT DO SPL1TSCR33N CONSOLE MUSTER RACE
Lol mechanically gifted Annie's
"While we are at it, recall Delac to replace Begovic.... You know, for depth!"
Drug users are criminals and second-class citizens
But...cheetochimp made money off the deal...what a smart business man!
More plastic to peel off = pleasure
Your wife is a loser hahahaha
"Women never lie about rape, though!"
It's okay our lord and savior Trump of Nazareth will change the constitution by drinking all the liberal tears.
"Immortaller, youre welcome"
"Nah, you definitely gay if you support them gays and shit."
Erhm... Install Linux?
Maybe you make them depressed.
She wouldn't be talking about issues facing america during this race to be president of america if it wasnt for le bernie
"Nah man, there's a question mark so it's totally not a spoiler."
David Clarke is a white-male sympathizer
"It is a communist globalist anti-American Illuminati conspiracy,duh."
"Anyone who says ""You will never convince me"" must have all the right answers."
Wow don't be a bigot.
*Totally not a Ponzi scheme*
The Daily Mail is a classy and reliable publication and you should believe every story they print without question.
"Yeah, openly being attracted to people you are attracted to and expressing that in a look or a compliment is apparently a war crime or something."
and of course a down vote because I offended someone that doesn't like that that I didn't speak praise of everything Stratux.
"Listen to this guy, he knows his shit."
We're coming for ya!
"Its ok, they did that 1 episode with Astor being a teenager, so we had closure."
"It's OK when a woman, I mean pig, does it."
"If PC so good, why no PC II"
[link]
"Yes, because there's lots of enemies who spawn from thin air in Dark Souls."
SEO ROCKSTAR
"Yes, when people think about CS they definitely have the color of enemies on the radar as the most defining thing about the game."
wow get a life
"Because for Reddit if you don't like it, no one else can too"
please add
I get it now.. There's a football game on tonight... Maybe it'll get buried!
TIL you can't use company e-mail from home
"""...yet."""
Preferably with a mech.
What a shock.
Cultural clensing
"They may be on opposite ends of the spectrum, but they're still on the spectrum."
totally proved him wrong with your anecdote
nel frattempo i tizi sono diventati bianchi?
That motorboating line gets me wet everytime.
The only way to honor Paul Bearer is to make every WM29 match a casket match.
John Deere's version that doesn't exist yet is obviously far superior for a large number of reasons.
No because you didn't pay your private healthcare premium.
Wear a dress to the next showing.
"Yea they should probably nerf the defenders more, win rates have been too high since the semi auto nerf"
We all know you're just a dirty Tartar in disguise!
I dont see the difference to the version I played on my xbox 360
"I assume that means ""Son of a Bitch""?"
He would still have to click the confirmation box they added in 6.1 to prevent accidental kicks/quits.
Isn't the general consensus that nice guys get friendzoned and assholes don't?
"What was written before you sanded ""FAG"" on there?"
... Iran's *peaceful* nuclear program that they want for energy (when they're swimming in oil).
"But he made a mistake by not catching the ball, he must lack mental capacity!"
You forgot to account for leap month
"Driver was clearly following too closely, better give him a ticket"
Such wit
"Impossible, Rooney is shit"
"He is around a quarter Ana-kin, since he is his grandson."
its actually 25% chance to not get craggied on first hit and then goes back to normal
"And even if they clear their names, remember it only takes one poorly timed flash of ankle or boob for them to regress to brutes."
"Waterboarding yourself, nice."
Sounds to me like someone had the idea that the cure to the problem is actually segregation.
~~Can they do it for the gems though?~~
Sounds like you are a very professional person.
His guardian should be in prison for not keeping him safe.
This is a sign that God hates Pride.
"He's a roller daddy, what do you expect?"
I sure mark Zuckerberg will present your business plan to Facebook stockholders as soon as possible
"Right, because Dragonball (and Z+) is chock full of humor for kids."
"clearly, it'll be like Batman '66"
Wonder wall because everyone absolutely loves the guy who plays it at every party.
"Wow a link to some random persons twitter, it must be true."
"You're either a 1 or you're a 0, kid."
yeah im sure your 9 year old version of this was this high of quality and detail too
Well Obama is LITERALLY HITLER!
They're no Demi Lovato.
"yeah, the psvr is what makes it crazy...."
Then Gamefreak reveals Raichu's Mega looks like a buffed up Pikachu.
"Yes, not wanting to receive a massage from a stranger from the internet is hella shallow."
"Well, when you're in the backseat the front seats prevent you from flying off."
voter ID would have really helped here
"Nah man, she's clearly an ad carry"
"Nah dood it is, drugz are cool!"
"That's right, and don't forget that Zimmerman is a ""white hispanic""."
"Punk, you obviously don't understand the language of men."
Solid reasoning
but... he wants to fit one ship in five hangars at the same time... I guess if the ship was sufficiently large...
I am sick and tired of black males consistently getting free passes in the jusice system
Yeah because one game makes an MVP.
Why don't we just make income taxes 50-99% and then we'll have plenty of money to spend how we want?
I say the younger the better if you have a kid when you're ten theyll be able to fend for themselves by the time you are 25 so there's that.
Because fuck you that's why
If you pick NP your entire team automatically becomes a rat comp
"Well, you have to keep your payables and receivables separated, right?"
If you eat at McDonalds you're basicly a meth addict
enjoy your VACation
just smile
Nice try shitlord.
SOMETHING SOMETHING THEY'RE NOT GAMERS DAE BREITBART IS THE BEST
"Yes, that's why he reported it to Valve before the major."
Yes; we are not diverse enough!
It's because he's black.
We found a non-Christain at our church and we burned them at the stake.
I mean that's the logical place for it.
You can only have an opinion if it's correct and popular.
Psh you can totally own slaves and not be racist
Hilarious.
^ This guy gets it
I mean its ONLY a Huracan
"That's such a weird thing for Glenn Beck to say, he's usually a bastion of logical thinking."
A Hipster *would* have fun learning about antique pipe organs.
The most unforgivable crime
Yeah maybe the nice congressmen in the house will sympathize with federal workers lack of pay.
I'm sure we'll sign an adequate replacement if this happens!
"So what, hey you aren't really gonna drive that Ferrari 458 hard on the track every day, why I don't I just steal it and give it to somebody who will."
Whoa stop with your anti-partisan bullshit!
They should have used pocket screws.
Is there a 60fps mod?
Will i need a nuclear power plant to run it?
"But its just a cheese eating surrender monkey, not us enlightened redditors!"
oh boy!
"What a surprise, impoverished/potentially poor women turn to prostitution to survive."
"Yes, distractions is exactly what the team needs right now..."
Clan level 11 confirmed!
Such an intelligent comment.
Infinite warfare.
Quality response.
That shows the supreme German engineering: broomsticks which fire through a rope.
Make a potato salad
I am so thankful I can get another BJ Raji to start out next year
Looking a little tanned there Blake.
UFCW - What a fun union to work with where I'm from.
"shame, we could have used it to help make the minyan..."
i guess the internet connection on Mt Everrest is pretty bad
"Yes, if you give me your name, address, social security card, mother maiden name, date of birth, and tell me your deepest darkest secret"
They are fighting for the state of islam!
You must be an anti-semite for even asking such a question or questioning the legitimacy of Israel
only scrubs play shotguns
I blame the tax payers for not paying enough!
The rest of the world is helping their plight by warming it up for them
I can see why he barely makes that much in 6 months
Well YOUR OPINION IS WRONG
HOW DARE THEY JOKE ABOUT PERFORMANCE ENHANCING DRUGS
Sounds like Mage Knight
That would be a great way to build him up for the July 4 title match right?
The suffering of our african brothers elsewhere in the world
precisely what we need
"Well, it worked so brilliantly last time"
"Wow, what an insensitive racist!"
"Next on Fox, How Toxic Sludge is good for you"
"when im on a team and their sentence begins with an upside down question mark, i just know we're gonna win"
Because you are a bunch of pussy who didn't burn any car yet !
"Yeah, we should hate everyone equally!"
"HEY, FLORIDA GEORGIA LINE IS NOT SHIT!"
Well hired inbetweeners are just as shitty as Flash inbetweens tbh
"Oh it's designed by the Japanese, so it must be the best designs ever"
Russia wins at all the drungs!
"yes, because domestic american airlines are so profitable that they don't need goverment subsidies at all ."
Blew my mind
"So, Nexus 10 in February then?"
US only
"It's the same reason why women accuse innocent men of rape, and straight girls pretend to be lesbian!"
If only the 9year old had a gun to protect herself with
"Please remember, as always, that this has nothing to do with Islam!"
I still find you insufferable.
Well stop staring at the shit and look at the skull and the L as well That's how I figured it out!
Hey at least cancer is a pretty quick killer so we can save some money by not having to pay for them poories anymore
All the parts that supported American Imperialism
He probably just wants to sniff it.
"Yeah, that's definitely the same thing..."
"Thatso totally true and the reason we give billions in foreign aid every year to countries on every continent, is because Americans care about nothing other than America and western Europe."
"But but i just need to say ""corporations are there to make money, not charity"" then all their sin are forgiven."
Idk yo Manchester United might make a run this year
But.. the bottle says whisky.
it's
"I'm just glad it was a ""not for profit"" hospital that ponied up the cash for this."
Did u mean he'll use trigger or not?
Nobody else's view of what America is counts unless you're one of those libtard socialists.
But there's an anti-Clemson conspiracy
"FUCK IT'S TOO LATE, WHAT DO I DO DOES ANYONE HAVE A HOSPITAL BECAUSE I CUT MYSELF AND AM AMERICAN"
"Obviously, if you get enough karma points, yoshi-p senpai will notice you!"
Yeah I find it hard to believe people can have emotions for something that can be considered sad
Yeah it was only a few lives directly and thousands indirectly
Clearly..
lol so random
Very reasonable and logical thanks for adding this to the discussion.
Thats just a risk they accepted by agreeing to become a cop so they shoukd be okay with t
"Ya, you could have saved his life!"
"You forgot ""Jew."""
YAY ANOTHER RUSSIAN REWARD TANK YAY YAY YAY
It is because you are supposed to use down and B.
"Yeah, spam is really a great marketing strategy"
knicks
*tips Pharis' hat* m'undead Le gems to you my scholar and gentledude xD
"It probably sounds better than ""Hey, mom, this is my fuck-buddy."""
"Hey at least OP wasn't a Muslim, amirite?"
did u forget
"~~yes, especially you, evan.~~"
You prolly ugly af though.
We don't mention the 5th around here
OH MY GOD IT'S A PENIS THAT'S SO FUNNY
you forgot the
Maybe one plus will raise their price to a flag ship price too.
Your cheats are automatically corrupting them
Yeah who owns coats in Louisiana?
Obama started the drone war!
"its men's patriarchy that enforces male virginity shaming, they are victims of the patriarchy"
Another example of how F1 is about developing tech for road cars
"pshh, a scabrous retcon at best!"
yeah I am sure she was force feeding this thing...
More likely to be married to women?
"The graphics look good man, but you should make it nighttime"
This is why us Europeans don't like you and your guns...
On Xbone you also get the benefit of HDR and cinematic 30fps.
Asthetic reasons XD well that does look very nice
"Doesn't matter, he was on SSW and they won worlds"
Good thing Japan is doing so well economically and has such great fiscal stewards.
"Yeah, because why should technology advance if you don't personally see a use in it?"
but it might hurt their feeeeeeeelingz!
Ok I guess every Jagex employee should just quit
"Mercury, Kali, and Nemesis threesome confirmed."
Pls be
Probably an anlienwarez
Only those who pay taxes will get reservation.
"Nah, the webapp should only be used to buy packs and make EA more money."
Im sure those people basking on the boats love getting droned.
Sound reasoning.
I'm glad someone has standards
Yeah fuck you
Fine blame the victim
Is it that hard to tell OF COURSE I'M BEING SERIOUS
"At least there are no double standards towards victims, both men and women victims are equally ostracized"
I've never seen this one before...
Maybe he would ask the attacker stabbing him if he could stop stabbing to settle a trial just for a minute?
Wait for 1.4 /thread
Figures.
Despicable fatty
Pls I'm ready for next years pumpkins to hit the shelf already
This happens for me too on PC...
But there are so many beautiful scenes along 95 and 295....
But but guns are spooky!
Some people just don't appreciate art.
How dare he tell stuff about Hhh that we don't agree with!
"Nah, he's just an asshole with an overinflated ego."
Because they are the best ever at everything so anybody better than them must be cheating.
"In his defense it does say ""From: Hillary"""
"You are wrong OP, don't you know that every successful and great coach in every major sport was also the best and most successful player back in his day?"
This is why crime statistics in the hood are almost non-existant.
"But adults cannot tell what is right and wrong, fact or fiction in a video game and there are plenty of people that will ~~un~~helpfully explain it to you."
"Canada, Sweden same thing"
"But all SEA players are terrible scrubs, reddit told me so."
"Nope, no ""social media outreach"" going on here."
Utter devastation and complete collapse of their economy.
"Intel puts their CPU's in cardboard boxes, 0/10"
As a short guy: I hate you.
"No, you're the only person in the world to see this article."
Smith for McDavid confirmed
Did you ever stop to consider that maybe this is the reason he founded his warm clothing company?
Good reply
And warrior....
"Yes, I recognise it from somewhere... ah yes, Civ 5"
Dota imba
"because the suicidal person obviously did it impulsively, without a though to how it would affect others"
"And somebody with an actual personality or a backstory which isn't basically just a veneer of baggage to propel them through the narrative might have a more complicated relationship with the world in question than wholesale monster murderer, which would take a fair amount of work on both the writers' side to pull off and the players' side to internalize, while cutting into the constant pulse-pounding action gameplay!"
Reddit isn't totally biased against veganism!
Maybe the student would realize this if they read a book instead of hacking into school systems!
But false rape allegations don't hurt nobody.
Did you?
the NBC5 cameras just might help in the instance.
Shit like this is definitely how we move forward.
But if they score its not my fault the game obviously screwed up
"Enjoying the lack of drug-testing already, Speedy?"
Yeah I'm so over the moon that he's on my team
I think we need a we hate Tyrone post for taking away his game.
"damn, sick analysis"
Maybe then you'll have a friend
"No, the world's biggest military force is just going to sit back and watch as we obliterate their trillion dollar artillery with our wakas and gun toting koalas."
"Oh my god a single wire, the whole thing is complete shit now!"
It's nice to see completely unbiased articles
This is offensive to diabetics who can't have candy.
Basta che le donne mussulmane svizzere inizino ad indossare i caschi integrali o i passamontagna
Gin is Pudding in disguise
I bet you're fun at parties.
[[Ball of Spiders]]
"25% if you ask the ""professional"" servers...."
"No, it's beg."
Must be neo-nazi fascist.
"Damn, those insults are hardcore."
"Oh, us iPhone users don't need things like your ""advanced settings""."
But realism doesn't belong in games!
Reported for smurfing :^)
Then England will petition to join and it'll become a Great Britain under Scottish and Irish rule.
Google Maps vertelt je inderdaad wanneer de stoplichten groen worden.
Sounds legit.
Good thing they are wearing black to keep cool in such a hot climate.
"I think for most work environments, being in Reddit is not safe."
"Wow, who would even buy a last gen Glock in the first place?"
and pedestrians should also pay for the privilege to walk on the sidewalk.
Who's Rob?
"The totems were persecuting them, obviously..."
Can I watch?
But but but but its too late!
"Well, ""Mitt"" is not a bad name for something you put on your hand, like a glove puppet; ""Tagg"" sounds like a hanger-on, so I think we should leave their names as they are."
As a parent...
I guess he just loved his country too much.
"I'm not getting worked up over anything... I just think it's dumb as hell to call your mom or dad a parent, what's the point?"
Don't you mean your old friend OP?
Found the DJ!
"As long as my news comes from some fly by night internet blog, I know I am right."
"One is used in the new old 3DS, and one in the old old 3DS?"
"""Het zou ongetwijfeld een goeie zaak zijn ""Mein Kampf"" ""Uitspraken N-VA-mandatarissen verbieden zou moediger zijn"" Oh yes this makes the quote so much better."
haha so random xD
Because he only raps about money and bitches.
Deflate the footballs
I think you forgot the
Obviously because they're just good 'ole Christians!
#cancelcyanide&amp;happiness
Thanks for setting the Gerald Green expectation bar so realistically low for us
"Well if anyone is in the position to list which path is sinful and which is righteous, wouldn't it be an archbishop?"
It's a hard life for ISIS with everything taken.
"Not at all like reddit to up vote vigilante ""justice""."
quality post
That doesn't look like Davy Jones
Or one that can bring you some much-needed Jesus?
Tim Howard?
yup he's just going to spend 3k while taking a break from college and streaming to travel to korea alone
Yes but next year is the Mayan end-of-the-world (really just the end of a cycle) so of course we have to end it on a Christian schedule
wow sick burn
BUT IT'S OLOF SO THIS SHOT MUST BE IMPOSSIBLE TO MAKE BY NORMAL HUMAN BEINGS
If you leave now you should be able to make it in time
"I'm too cool for that, I just turn on my parking lights."
Because it's totally impossible that people aren't all pissed off right?
At the time I checked my then gf's house to make sure she wasn't having company I didn't know about!
He's MVP though
they listened to Reggie Miller and you know how intelligent and unbiased he is
"""4K-quality photograph"" ~ GameSpot"
Since you upset him you mustn't be female or have glorious herpes.
Hook up the coolant output line from the memory to a small turbine generator to generate additional power for the PC
And they obviously don't hate gay people
"Yeah, just like Arab countries steamrolled over Israel in all the wars."
typical spartan fans only living in the past
It's okay since he shows hatred towards Trump.
Guess we should tell all those people playing sports for a living to fuck off as well then.
"yeah, cause its impossible to know something about the game without being a pro player, am i right?"
if only everybody could be as mature as you
"""DEATH TO ALL FANATICS!!!"""
Holy shit... This must be coincidence.
Hmmm.... I'm Frying out trying to figure if you're being
"Ah yes, poor torque and fuel economy, exactly what gm's 2 valve small blocks are known for"
"Yeah, anyone accused of assault by an ex-girlfriend is a piece of garbage."
You fool with your terrorist propaganda
That last point was
Irrelevant PC: Because writing an essay is easier on an iPhone.
"Yeah, it's dumb to run background checks on potential teachers."
Its great to see Britain become less and less Islamophobic
"which is why we are already on Uranus, instead of feebly attempting to explore Jupiter a la Kubric's 2001: A Space Odyssey, right?"
Are you telling me that cream colored ground and a white sky isn't an entertaining background?
"yeah, all those championships before the super bowl are pointless."
Well I googled 'the cheap shit' hand creme and didn't come up with a whole lot!
"How dare you kindly disagree in a reasonable fashion, you monster!"
terran players are just lazy
Dust particles
I love it when a girl can put her high heel in her ass.
I told you guys the oneplus 2 didn't need nfc!
he missed the
Why do we care about New Jersey?
"Yes, because workers in industries without unions do fabulously well with wages and workplace safety."
after Mustaine was kicked out it just wasn't the same man...
But imagine how great the dynasty would have been if you took Brad Selwood instead!
What a savage
if only we had more knife control
"They have the new ""curve"" feature, which is great with skinny jeans!"
"I like how the enemy can just choose that one attack that will always crit, yet we have to rely on stars."
"The Braavosi are white when they do something bad, PoC when they do something good!"
"It was, like, *waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay* worse than Fantastic 4!"
"Damn, these fallout graphics look like shit!"
Kinda like how CNN gets rules for reading wikileaks.
So what you're saying is Trump is basically Hitler?
yeah that's certainly the vibe you're giving off here
You dropped the
I've been to 5 Weird Al concerts People often mistake me for Sam Rockwell from a distance I've accidentally ridden my mattress down the stairs Answer: [#2 is a lie!]
HAHAHA THAT'S SO FUNNY.
"yeah, our players aren't good enough to win individual awards"
because competitive games need alot of horsepower
"of course, ""god will provide"""
"But wine isn't ""drinking"" that's for beer or hard liquor."
That's a technicality.
Now THAT'S an abomination punishable with death.
"Well obviously if the Jews you kill are Israeli, it isn't terrorism, it is a just struggle against colonial oppression."
"""Man after watching the stream with the chat telling people to Unsub from Achievement Hunter, I really hate that Funhaus fans literally think Achievement Hunter fans are dog shite"""
"And she has pointy knees too, right?"
Have you looked into adoption?
So you want an overpriced coffee flavor thats 90% sugar?
"No, the ghosts there are the Byzantines"
Oh haha a taurus hurr hurr hurr
[Triangle 17 prob: starting at the top going clockwise: 1 9 5 2 4 8 3 7 6]
"If you look very closely, you may be able to spot the homosexual agenda."
"""Yeah because I have that kind of time!"""
I guess all 5m citizens of Norway will really make a dent in that global warming with their electric cars!
But Ray Lewis isn't a thug like Sherman is.
Calling it: Michael's the Scranton Strangler.
But the song is shit
Miscarriages are part of god's plan
"The entire last season was all a calculated ruse by Peyton to play badly enough to justify retirement, but just barely well enough to break Brent Farv's total yardage record, and win a Superbowl Obvious"
Yeah I bet she's love it if you choked her unconscious... something that can easily cause brain damage or death.
But..but.. He was NICE!
"The yellow 69 mission are main story and [Lester assasination missions, which don't have to be completed to beat the main story]"
"Not even a Titan X, not overkill enough."
"[Cut the pills in half and take 4 halves, one of each.]"
Police departments have used the intervening 20 years to train their staff to be more respectful to the general public.
Nice analysis
"Well it's in the title, mate"
What a hero.
Maybe they're busy telling all blacks to condemn Milwaukee
Is this part of the 'rigging' he's been going on about?
Can we has this so i can get some ez MMR supporting:3
No it was the consumers who didn't understand how forward thinking and innovative their ideas were.
"It's the newest one, I would hope it's not worse than any of the old ones"
"See, children, Marijuana kills!"
HE CAN BUY LOTS OF FREE SHOES WITH HALF A MILLION.
So the Habs want to make it 11-1?
"Lollll the fat lady puking her guts out is so ""normal"""
Dwight for Dragic.
"If I was a conspiracy theorist I would maybe think negativity is promoted in this MMO subreddit and others, dunno who by though?"
Anyone who disagrees with Krugman must be irrational and wrong!
Who cares about fighting games anyways?
Remember to use
Totally
"I'm in Alabama, so it's a toss-up."
Most Hanzos wouldn't even be able to hit friendlies.
OMG THE DETAILS AREN'T IMPORTANT STOP CONCERN TROLLING
"Okay you call him bud in one sentence and then you call him shit in the next, make your mind up."
My bad
*
I've heard Jared from Subway was way ahead of his time
Wow show off
We need to make sure that only the government and criminals have weapons so that things like this won't happen in the future.
Well I believe its slightly flammable.
"LCS players are just stupid if they pick Caitlyn into Sivir trying to counter her, they obviously have no clue and should get coached by these geniuses."
wow Im surprised nobodies posted this yet
"Oh good, more off-body carry methods."
"Building a line is easy, just draft a few players, and pick up some UDFAs and boom, elite level line for 5-10 years."
That's original
But...but then there would be no rooms for rumored DLC characters!
Srs hard hitting video game journalism where would we be without it
First one was not in US so does not count
Her daughter's boyfriends also apparently shoot straight...
Yeah he's the next Bill Walsh.
"One less troll on league, lock him up for good!"
"Nah bro, you will get a fair trial, you just have to wait for it in gitmo whilst being treated fairly, wouldn't take that long."
Someone probably asked him how he felt about all these internet yahoo's crashing his birthday party.
Cause pointing out common tropes means you've been triggered.
"Because they're clearly incompetent, as evidenced by the fact that they totally forgot there were no medics before BW"
mirror?
"But guys, Ron Paul is our savior!"
That would make theology a *conservative* art?
"Because shrooms, obviously."
Now no piracy at all!
Then just use all your Nornfangs
"Great, witty, insightful comment..."
I'm glad these chemicals only effect bee sperm and not humans reproductive processes
Don't worry - the trickle down surge from all those lowest-taxes-on-the-rich-in-history should hit workers any minute now.
It's for traction
"Didn't you hear, government jobs aren't real jobs?"
Yeah why the fuck are they helping terrorists?
Likely aliens or christ!
Cascade (He Bo)
Spme of us would ratjer not have to use a mouse every 10 seconds
But Windows 10 is FREE and GREAT
Thanks Obama
Basta che le operazioni in Libia non le comandi Graziani!
Clearly Cheeseburger needs to be in this main event discussion!
"So was Jesus, and he *founded* Christianity!"
"Take that, Flint, and quit your bellyaching!"
"I know, let's laugh at a distressed cat!"
Eh bayot ka pala eh... Nde mo kaya panindigan yung waiver na pangako mo dati...
You forgot that she's a filthy democrat and a dirty Obummer lover
Because that lifetime warranty is totally not worth it
ffs such a rip of the 619 amirite?
Completely unexpected punchline
dEy dint ned skol am edumikason?
my bad
He wants to run a suppressed revolver...
Lets blame this on the Israel and USA conspiracy as a set up on Putin also.
Simple because that would be socialism... and socialist are evil baby eating bastards.
It funny becuz ur a lil bitch
"Fucking broken game, fuck EA!"
How dare you use your brain!
You see Santa only visits *real* countries
or they have to hire the tamil fellow who was looking after him in the first place[which must be so confusing and such a lot of paperwork.]
Holly Holm with the charisma!
Life is over pretty much
Yeah you are a rotten dirty scoundrel
"Yeah, fuck respecting other cultures and not being racist"
"In case anyone was worried,"
that's a woman
no but guyz the dfg got removed so this is obviously a buff
"Yeah, that's my alt account."
Good eye - he is saving those for the *dangerous* phases.
But climate change don't real though.
But girl - you need to *explore*.
But losing your sovereignty to a trio of corporate lawyers is fine because the TPP is good for America.
"Check your privilege,shitlord"
"so, stoned?"
Anything not specifically mentioned by Jesus is left up to the states to decide
Common sense?
Stupid white people always killing themselves.
you for got the
Great excuse for them to ignore the law entirely and intentionally violate peoples' rights
But sinister 2 trailer looked bad so all horror movies since Nightmare on Elm Street must be bad
WOW......his headset must have been incredible!
Wow that image is so helpful
*my* wedding cake tasted better on vinyl
She didn't have Crohns until she swam in that water though
Thank god most other advertisements uphold the sincerity and morals the industry is known for.
Sounds like a responsible firearm owner.
But the guys short obviously his masculinity is in question.
"It's okay, Forbes says our job will be fully automated/extinct in 5 years so you won't deteriorate too much."
Someone who is *totally* not abusive.
dont worry we'll get source 2 soon and it will fix everything!
Until they then cool off and the bacon grease in thier veins congeal.
"How dare the court assign xer a gender against xer wishes, just because xe doesn't have a penis."
"Clearly you realize this is the first step in the march towards the inevitable government mandated chemical castration of ""undesirables"" Wake up sheeple."
"Here, you forgot this:"
"No, it's awful when a woman wants to touch me."
"Since we so called ""intelligent"" beings have never used religion to harm others, I can't forsee any problems with rhis."
Yeah sure Eurobro enjoy your bars being full of children all the time must he amazing
"The beetus is so adorable, we should all become insulin resistant"
"Yeah, it's better when they wake up halfway through."
obiviously bill gates
No console plebs!
"Well, there seem to be several pesky clauses in the constitution..."
I'm really surprised
Cuz Muslims are dum or something and are really just the pawns of the jews
Comes with a water tax in California
"Because true fitness can only be attained through squats, oats, and more squats."
Actually I believe he is the cloth container in which douches are kept.
"Well, we know Obama gets everything he asks for, right?"
"Bro, didn't you see he's leading the postseason in steals per game."
"Noooo, you can't be such a bigot, stooooop."
*ragrets
Hey that penny means something.
Yeah a well informed electorate is one of our strengths.
"Wow, who would've expected something like that to happen"
"yea, thats a real likely scenario"
"I""m afraid a lot of our feet would still drag"
"Yup, false and *completely* homosexual."
Have you tried opening a new sticker capsule ?
"Yes, because literally every cop in the area is a sadist who jerks off to the thought of murdering hobos."
JUST PLAY THE GAME FOR FUN WHO CARES ABOUT BEING RANKED IT ONLY ENCOURAGES BAD MANNERS YOU SHOULD BE WORKING TOWARDS IMPROVING YOUR OWN SKILL LEVEL NOT A NUMBER IN A GAME
"yah man, people HATE that guy."
"Yes because whenever I picture Iroh, a image of a killing machine comes into my mind"
"If you don't like the politics in your country, why don't you leave?"
"Woo, by the time a real jailbreak comes, my iPad Air 2 will run Wind Waker at 60fps"
Aye fok u mang I'm eate an i kno haow a vageena works an ya mothas dont.
God Dammit bring back Graziano!
"Just another rogue team, this does not represent the entirety of the US Army, and does not justify any type of violent response from locals"
"But, he's like got a beard and doesn't wear a tie and is all like, edgy and stuff."
"Veigar can 100-0 with a point and click ability, gg nurf veigar no counterplay"
"Yea, it really looks fantastic from the ankles up!"
Ya I heard MBA's are always in high demand!
It's a centuries old document with no relevance to the CURRENT YEAR!
"But hey, it's better than dishonor!"
Beaten by STEM logic again
"Wait, it didn't become a blood bath?"
"Yes, but when a man rapes a man he's pretending his victim is a woman therefore women are the real victims"
Yeah because sakurai is the only person at Nintendo making good games.
I think you dropped your
"Yeah, exactly like Titanfall."
Can't tell if
But that would be an abuse of power and twisting of legal interpretations for their own end?
This just has Microsoft PR slathered all over it.
well look at mr hunger games over here
But that's how I get the grip on my Deathadder!
"Because they didn't know it was going to happen, silly!"
"This card consistently beats the 970 in benchmarks, I think you meant 3.5gb"
"""I wasn't *mean* to her so I can't be sexist!"""
"No man, it's about free speech."
"Oh no, the patriarchy has gotten you too!"
"Yeah, same with that pesky free university education thingy that Gough brought in"
surely that stops young people from smoking just like the drinking age stop young people from consuming alcohol.
Obviously pandering...
Maybe you should stop being wrong all the time
My thoughts on the odds are that they're about as good as the opinion polls.
she's worse than Hilary!
Neither of them will ever have another chance at the all star game!
"It takes a long time for the bits to get all the way there, plus the translating the game from English to English, so it should cost more."
Distantt is boyinaband!
Buy the Arcane Skill Effect Pack
But but but that's doesn't fit my narrative of him being selfish and being a cry baby bitch
Right because that's the same as this
People want him because he's the r/OneTrueGod
"Ah yes but the ughyurs have Allah on their side, while the Tibetans are infidels!"
Because that would be rape culture
Yeah those journalists are always crossing the line from objective observer to scary violent threat.
"He lives on the east coast, so you guys actually get up at the same time"
Nah densest place on earth is the core of the Earth!
"Yeah, everyone's lazy and stupid, that's for sure."
"Still too much, charge me for the bandwidth of downloading from your web site"
All the hosts get their partner to give them a handjob under the desk.
15-1
"pfff, prometheus never existed"
There's always the manga to help give you closure!
Because Moe and steel never make any mistakes.
"gubmint bad, protest against gubmint good!"
"No offense, but I imagine the gay agenda comes on way cuter stationary."
Because state-owned media has a much better track record.
Sell it to me for 500 mt.
When will the white community do something about all the violence?
"well they have given you free hats, just like all the free games people get from having xbox gold"
"Turn on the SS or die mod, that will fix your issue"
Don't you realize you're an immature fangay because you're doing that?
"Don't worry, this expansion is as much about the Alliance as it is the Horde!"
Because bungie shouldn't leave out pc gamers or else they are assholes and i will pirate every game they have ever made even if they port it
"So you got rid of that 1080 and went with the 750ti, wow nice upgrade!"
Those sluts!
Also ich find den Schwimmbadgeruch aus dem Wasserhahn toll.
Wait a minute.. is it possble A7x=Monty?
"I'm sure he did it because the girls didn't have the proper licenses to sell lemonade, he was just protecting them from the cops who would've came by and shut it down later"
Nobody counters Au Puch he one shots just like any other great mage
How dare you not be attracted to a picture of a stranger
"""It's all so fucking hysterical!"""
"Yeah, cause THAT's the SAME thing."
I think I know what I'm packing for my next protest.
He needed a hammer.
I'm going to pick a skin that's basically a bright red/orange outline so I'm easily spotted from far away
To start the anti prog metal circle jerk and make way for trve underground Peruvian black metal tapes
Best team ever!
"Lol, I'm going to start up Valhalla's first DDV(Division of Dino Vehicles)."
Yeah but we're a well moderated section of racists.
Shoot for the moon why don't you
George Bush...
"""lol filthy peasant"" quite the side splitter"
This just proves that economic mobility is real and anyone can become a billionaire if they work hard enough!
Sold to a Chinese company with links to the CPC in 3...2.. aaaaand it's gone
"Yeah guys,let's save people by letting them die!"
"Problem is you left them in there with their clips, they won't eat or drink if they already have a loaded murder magazine filled with giant 20mm baby-killer bullets."
It was most famous in black and white so it looked grey on TV...
You dropped this:
But what is the government for if not to keep rich people rich?
Just do the work in MasteringChemistry and stop bugging your Professors to do a job!
But what about the other 49 States?
"Dunno about this one man, I think he needs to win more to be considered and no way he goes in before 10 years because he isn't worth a first ballot, maybe in a weak year he makes it."
No its all Notley's fault!
For profit is Villian people shouldn't be motivated by increased wealth
"I assure you, paying $2400 for an ambulance ride then dying in prison over that debt is keeping you free."
You should consider purchasing more RAM online.
That's racist you white male chick ur privlodge
You're right... Seagull is such a casual
"Oh, yes: everybody knows how walkable Atlanta is!"
"The answer is no, why watch the game when he can look up his fg%."
The Shining [because the main character dies in The Shining]
I hear they're switching to the Phoenix pay system... CPP should last forever now
More than double what the eye can perceive
"well YOU try making a living raising 3 kids as a minimum wage slave, when some penny pinching personal financier only tips you about 20% gotta make those ducats"
"""Son of a whore earthquake... I'm not afraid of you"", President Rodrigo Duterte was quoted as saying in a press conference today."
"Right, Trump is definitely not a big government person."
"but she's crying and making cutesy faces, how could anyone send a face like that to prison for 3 whole months."
"If they aren't used to Alabama, the truest experience you can give them is Waffle House."
The Shockmaster
"He's an arcade scrub, he wouldn't understand basic game mechanics anyway.."
My panties are dripping wet at the sight of the edgy sexist catch-phrase on his shirt!
Because that works.
Who are you to tell them they can't be the next Dizzy Gillespie?
"Yup, you totally showed him."
Well Obama is Muslim after all.
"To counter, lets burndown Stamford Bridge"
I got Upton getting hot down the streach he already knocked out his typical 2-3 bad months early now right?
"Taxes, how do they work?"
No sorry Blizz hates EU you're second class citizens etc
"So is ""Downtown"" her stripper name, or were her parents just a little weird?"
Just download these 50 mods and you won't notice it anymore.
"What, are you some kind of label nazi?"
fite me irc
I think you dropped this
"Should,Should we call up the ATF about the private gun sales on Facebook?"
seems legit
*QUIT TRYING TO BE A SPECIAL SNOWFLAKE*
ISIL isn't Islam they are Wahabi Salafists
Quit stealing TK's thunder dammit!
Mi original Elmo oc donut steel
You'll be doing awesome with that unleveled artifact weapon of your alternate spec
"Haha, how friendly of you."
He seems stable.
"Duh, that is why they want the jersey untucked."
"Yes, it's absolute bullshit that a private company would charge you for their services...unbelievable."
All Labor's fault....
Sounds like we need more teams in regional leagues.
i'm sure that has a very reasonable depth of field when wide open.
Inb4 people want Nathan Fillion to be persistently unemployed so he is available at all times in the event of a Firefly reboot
Lazy foul from Willian leads to Milan tying...great
For the extra 5% exp when you sleep Bruh
naw bruh its not that powerful
its all labour's fault of course
"Wrong, C9 will win qualifiers and go on to win the whole major."
That's what you get for preordering
Just another example of the Tories lying...
Why would women vote when they have that house to clean and children to pump out of their unsolvable lady bits?
"No no no, this is him pivoting to broaden his base."
"Yes, no good idea should ever be reused."
"We don't need your facts and accurate information, there's a guy on the radio that says he sucks and i need someone to blame for this loss!"
"Not at all, don't you know that they have an entire team specialized for only playing arena?"
WHO ARE YOU TO JUDGE ME AND TELL ME HOW I PLAY THEM GAME.
Human flesh!
As opposed to yakuza which stands for Yet Another Kool Universal Zuper Aid
"I hope you don't wear makeup, now you're vain too!"
"Cause ""cool people"" have girlfriends and have sex with them 24/7 and only watch things related to current events"
"Get out of here with your ""science"" stuff... liberals don't want to hear about ""science""!"
It's there but you have to look closlier at it to see all the hidden signs.
If you look up his burial plot on Google earth it looks like its covered with fecal matter and used condoms so there's that
"Omg this is so sexist, a girl isn't a slut just because she wants to use her body sexually for monetary exchange!"
"Georgia doesn't have a prime minister, it has a governor"
Jeff Fisher!
Well put.
Lame ass grimmlord.
"""when they try"" because it is an eminent threat."
*Its called a prefernce for a reason*
Back to Fargo!
"Yeah Villanova played like shit today, they got no chance."
"Noooo, there is no search button but searching for people responses."
She doesn't have to shes sooo smart its the teachers fault that she's failing.
"lol i feel bad for Derelik haha, sucks to be him."
He doesn't...
spy
"No way, it's a ""brave"" move!"
They are srealing even our outsourced jobs!
"Considering the quality of his past ""work"", i'm sure the other tattoo shops around town are worried."
*OUR MODERATORS WORK HARD TO KEEP THIS SUB CLEAN AND WELCOMING*
No way bro that's every profession
What is this SUN?
Time to give Cameron a chance!
Ok take a few valium to get rid of the anxiety...jk
"Russia, China, under Mao, north Korea, Cuba, yeah seems to be doing pretty well to me..."
You dropped your
Why would the ever happen
I am also low on cash and unable to buy things
but only savages wouldn't let it breathe....
It takes a long time to get the death camps ready to take all the guns and kill the Christians and straight people with their own guns
"I'd ask where in Europe, but it doesn't matter because Europe is one country remember"
Yeah never leave a drink outside
[o.W.n] madminecrafter04
These traitors will be purged soon enough.
If you can't tell... what's the point?
"Since *some* things are obviously designed, *everything* must be obviously designed."
I can't tell if it's
"What are these ""meters"" you speak of?"
"From that source well noted for quality, The Rebel."
Come on people clearly it was just taken out of context...
You should kick on them headlights for that ambient lighting
You mean starvashun and horrible narcissism?
God what a cis shitlord
"Sorry bloke, we Americans clearly know what tax laws are better for your country."
Leave the more goths alone...they are the night
Filthy casual
"2 wins on the same map though, NV would have obviously won 3-2 if it was a different map."
"I've vomited three times today, could you not trigger me?"
Attaining knowledge simply for the sake of bettering oneself is certainly nothing to be proud of
Reading books more than once is such a drag.
"Yeah but it's still her turn, so everyone needs to shut the fuck up."
"Yeah, but they're inferior to us."
obviously you werent on mc forums pre alpha
I think it is proof positive that the church is true and that the second coming is just around the corner.
When I was your age I dropped out of highschool and got a union job at the automotive plant Why can you just do that?
dang that's cheap
"Well, that's your fault, isn't it?"
Pear must be one of the deluxe maps
"Thanks OP, these are the life changing confessions that we need more of!"
"Hey, those books *might* hurt someone's feelings, so we'll get overly offended on their behalf and then demand the fire-bombing of all libraries to make sure the job is done."
"Thank you NRA, for ensuring that any brief flash of anger can be quickly followed up with gunfire."
"I totally agree, fuck Clinton"
Fully semi auto assault rifle
We really should buff the A1-S cause everyone is using the A4.
"I'm a white male, I'm a shitlord and I enjoy oppressing people"
"Looks like warren is a ""progressive who gets things done"" now too"
2/10 do not buy game.
Yeah I bet you're drowning in pussy.
hahaha so funni
"Japanese, like all of the gundams"
Trigger warning!
"Oh yeah, we're totally bombing Bosnia right now."
We don't negotiate with terrorists!
Fuck me for liking a certain style of joke.
God is sure good at tricking people.
Sure... Now to go play as a Nanny beating up dragon's in Skyrim.
Literally inedible
Those negro artists are destroying the youth and using marijuana to take advantage of innocent white women
You mean you don't think it's super important to let Bungie know that there should be a new kiosk for everything that there is not a new kiosk for?
When he admits he's Kenyan.
Can't believe they haven't outlawed it!
"But bruh, they had a diamond go donuts and individually 2 of them didnt do any better than the majority of your team did"
Puff has this glitch where she SDs on shield break
"Oh good, America's still better than them."
"""He was abused before I got him"" So nice to see he's being abused in a less violent way.."
"They don't have a very good chance, so that's why all the lines favor TCU..."
"Yea, cause she plans to leave the living room"
But....its always the qb's fault
"Kanye West, no fame is enough for senpai Kanye-san!"
"He didnt use his gun to kill someone like a *real*, read-blooded **Merican** should have!"
Oh I'm sorry I didn't know you knew the inner workings of game development and more specifically Rocket League.
What a shock
Your big werds are why the Demz losed!
While you're walking Dratini I'll be walking Dragonair
"""Yeah why did Tyson be the enforcer in that match with Austin, everyone knew he was going over, why didnt they stick him in that red hot NOD angle!"""
"Nah, Tories are evil, that's all."
I can't be the only that LOVES not knowing what is the context of this post
BOOTSTRAP ME!
"I love comparing global politics to playground antics, the two are such parallels!"
very relevant to the video; thanks for sharing
The Rock
Wow- AUGUST!
We're just lucky she survived the sniper fire in Bosnia.
Knowing truth is equivalent to destroying America now I guess.
"Yeah dude, Bradford is totally the same as Blaine Gabbert."
But ACOG on the M40A3 is for noobs
Woah guys dont jump the gun on them fiora nerfs that WHOLE one sec is a bit much
Still salty from the penalty Benteke won last season.
"You should have learned by now that Russia can never do wrong, no matter how hypocritically it acts."
But they're raking in all those valuable internet points!
He should of put padding inside his gloves to cover half the goal
Of course not there's no such thing as LIBERAL propaganda
Yay!
"Wait, trickle down economics is not science?"
Yeah because those taxes have done nothing positive whatsoever
can i have ur account?
"So, amd cards?"
It's horse armor all over again.
Maybe she didn't even notice him putting the gloves on because the palms were missing
Broncos can't avoid getting blown out if they aren't cheating.
You dropped this:
Because being told what to do by an omnipresent father figure isn't authoritarian at all.
Must've been because of all the French people there
"But how else are states supposed to raise the money they need to fund the education of poor children, so that those kids don't grow up to make poor financial decisions?"
He did say 'High powered bikes'.....
"Oh, so fuck all the non-Islamic non-European countries, right?"
Clearly councillor Perks and Layton are responsible for these two deaths
#revokeplanets2016
HAHAHAHABAHGAGAA Funniest comment of 2014 right there!
Time to go to /fit/ :'c Guess I gotta give up on being a phantom weight mma fighter
Because we know Macs are hardly even computers
You mean MacFrugals you fucking transplant.
But he is 15 points behind in the polls!
Inflatable hat!
"Yeah, i find it offensive and disrepectfull to not gain a limited skin of our choice with 3 first wins."
But I thought it didn't matter since it depends on your tv?
You forgot the
"OMG, YOU'RE SAYING THEY SHOULD BE EVEN MORE RACIST THAN THEY ALREADY ARE?"
Personally I can't back him because he thinks that Star Trek was better than Star Wars.
"Yes, more of a power vacuum in Syria would help the situation so much just like it helped in Iraq!"
This.
I heard 5 and your considered medically insane.
they're sooo overpaid that they're willing to risk losing their jobs to get a little more money on the side...cough xwx
This hasn't been brought up before.
Seriously what the fuck is a vita?
"I took it to get laid, like a true alpha"
Because a Diablo split-push is waaaay better!
world war is not beautiful
Got damn foreigners making me press unnecessary amounts of buttons.
don't worry the game will be full release this summer all bugs will be fixed...
At least there's no water damage.
Because the people who spend their time protesting have good paying jobs
Yeah pregnant ladies and children shouldn't have freedoms.
Be quiet peasant.
And the first one wasn't even a highlight
Why so many kids photos?Does he also deal in child marriage?
time to color it in and do it a few thousand more times
"Well it's now obvious the Pope is an anti-christian, socialist, Murica hating liberal."
Donating to a fantastic cause.
Sorry we aren't all MLG at the Witcher like you are :(
But why supply air at all when you can blow on it for free?
Didn't realise it was comeback 24/7 TDM..
"All pray to Obama, the savior of the free world!"
Same Kinda sick of hearing it actually
Good to know they're keeping their form
"Well, that's a surprise."
but u just said envyus r the best
Well we could certainly use a larger selection of fattening foods.
Great another Occidentalist jab.
Because that's the only course of action.
From the MSNBC video it looks like LW1 has gained a lot of weight - is that our fault too?
*win the referendum
He's a DEFIANT man!Obvs.
Aw man I love having the top 13/20 posts being about the collab
He's a total scrub.
Okay but what have you done for me lately?
Matching two people on physical attractiveness makes for good relationships always!
"That's Arthur, his head's shaped like an american football right?"
"That's good OP, keep judging"
"Surely, this will covered in reduced spending elsewhere."
Im glad they kept the slide celebration
Use wind!
And look how great are ISPs in the States!
"see now, I didn't believe her phone was hacked but I *did* believe she was kidnapped."
This will surely end well.
I think at around 500 you become post-human
NOT OUR TANK COMMANDER
Weird
"Nice English, you make us proud"
I thought smoking weed supported terrorism?
Dat cinematic 30 fps
awww ... you're just being sexist.
ready to go out in the groups ;)
"But if you had a gun, you could take on the military."
Can't your parents just give you the money?
"You're going to Jahannam regardless, filthy infidel"
"Because they are much more important then everyone else and it's all verizon's fault, duh!"
good thing we have the greek guy on it now at the comission
"No, no, that's when the Hulk gets so mad he punches a hole in the universe and throws the reality warper into it, thus ending its life."
"If men are doing it, and women are doing it, that makes it cool right?"
"Yeah, because no women play Final Fantasy ever and no high school girl ten years ago had an image of Reno from Advent Children on their binder."
It's also kind of sad that he wasn't macroing like a beast and doing drops and pincer attacks at the same time...
Sprinkles and chocolate syrup as the veggies \#healthy living
How can I respond to this without using the Internet?
"Silly T4O, satire is when somebody means it seriously but you can't criticise them for it"
Get out of here with that communist talk
You get out of here with your level head and rational perspective!
"You get that list all wrong, 1.92 is the best."
"Well, if you've seen the entire video... he couldn't get it in the hole, even with two inches."
but its also way better too
"...a man with your kind of foresight can *only* work at the American CIA, am I right?"
"I'm sure that ""journalist"" is a physician who meets with Derrick daily, that's why he knows exactly what's right!"
Russia is a free country!
So you've been shilling this guy for the past year but can't even delay your trip to cancun to cast the so-important-vote... surprise surprise
"You just can't accept N. Fredbear was a girl this whole time, can't you?"
"Just get a better job, mate!"
What the fuck OP he needs ice cream I'm calling CPS
"If you feel threatened by me stating a fact, you must be pretty small, bro"
"yeah, now i never have to mow the lawn anymore...what a shame"
In America it is
"Can't let those safety nets become hammocks, can we?"
"Welcome to the Republican Party, son."
oh wow reddit finally found out about hotline bling way to go you guys always up on the cultural trends right when it happens
"Oh ya, cause they are really gonna do something."
"Yea, using his position as prime minister to mislead the public and blatantly lying for votes so he can stay in power has nothing to do with corruption."
"Don't we already have one in Bombay, in Juhu?"
"Shocker, a theological despotic monarchy doesn't believe in gay rights, let alone human rights."
"Yup, G. is *totally* going to have harrasment sent his way."
"Man, I'm sure these comments are going to be great when I scroll down"
I'm sure with Houston and SKC in the West as well it'll be totally fine if we just nap for the first two months of the season and get 2-3 points
Because the torturers at abu ghraib totally got the punishment they and everyone involved deserved...
No it's definitely the strip club.
Gotta get your fire resistance up after that SICK BURN TRACK GOT DROPPED TODAY?
Wait you don't like the objective circle blocking your entire view of the area and even blocking enemies like some kind of Starwars laughing man?
What materia are you gonna meld into it
Communism !
"And that sesto elemento, don't even get me started"
Maybe he should have tied his shoes after all.
My jobs just lays people off but I am in the office so there is no excuse not be bust for 50 hours a week even during the slow times
"Maybe if we all meme hard enough, Konami might decide to give Crystal Beasts their own Field Spell."
ITT: I really don't see how a bunch of hopeless people worrying about dying is going to affect me
Us canucks are totally biased against Euros though.
This looks like a fun sport to watch live.
Drone bombing is the same thing as mass genocide!
"Thanks, Reverend Moon!"
"That's how ya die, bud"
"5th graders shouldn't be smoking weed, or anything in general."
"dude, spoiler alert!"
PPMD already did an AMA
Comments like yours burn me out
"Why don't you rather just give some suggestions to the mods, that's what they're there for!"
Because the current jungle meta is super fun to get dunked on by at levels 3-18
go back to your kangaroos
Age is just a number
I fucking love how a bank's response to someone not having enough money is to take more of the money they don't have.
It does it you implement gun control!
But...but..he's *productive*!
"It depends on what the definition of ""up"" is"
"But feminism is all about peace, love and equality between the sexes."
"yeah, the paintball gun sound was *so* beautiful"
The perfect plan...
Yeah lets keep Europe an irrelevant continent under the boots of US and China for the future Because that's whats best right?
Yeah but Bledsoe is *10th*
I think Target should label things for black and white people separately.
Wow these retarded boots that made Thresh super idiotic back in the days surely needed a buff
Yeah they are fucking disrespectfull assholes for not learning our language properly.
"Whoa, I'm sure they did not think of that."
That sounds like a *you* problem...
Let political correctness prevail.
"Yay for the rape joke, we can really pride on our maturity as a community here in Eve!"
He did state it's his house though.
Because he's a righty and they are accounting for that in his targeter
"Ha ha, is that a new player from The Crew?"
"He supported Clinton, didn't he?"
"The Romans drank it, what's the big deal?"
"But my problem is exclusive to me, surely it's never happened to anybody else"
When white people started dabbing then you know it's not cool anymore.
Thanks.
"Yeah, because in the real world you only have to write about what you want and not what your boss tells you to."
Donald is an illegal immigrant from Jamaica!
So you're saying this is a good thing because Terra was a frigid bitch before?
They picked this over OceanView.
Because the UK has such a small population
Even worse than the actual terrorists!
and possibly playing games iswell
I like how you are getting downvotes by asking for evidence
Yes the form of protest/civil disobedience that was necessary to found the country and get rid of a form of injustice has no relevance to how we should approach protests and civil disobedience in this nation to fight a form of injustice.
It is political correctness gone mad!
seriously he should kill himself what a loser fuck up
gr8 post 10/10
Who the FUCK are you to tell other people what does and does not make a difference?
Shill!
Why must Alhammarret's Archive be rotating?
"oh yeah, im totally a bootlicking democrat."
I'm just glad he is playing for a big market team
"No, obviously this kid needs his wits beaten into him..."
Watch Hannibal Rising to find out
Best status of 2011
That old fucker was reaching for my gun and I was in fear of my life so I tasted that criminal.
"Right, because Obama has never overstepped his power or done anything to spite one of the other branches of government..."
[A river?]
"No you idiot you clearly thought that cat had a complex enough psyche to contemplate existence enough to realize without food, he is better off to go out on his own terms."
It's not racism if she's white!
Posting this on an Eminem subreddit was a GREAT idea!
That sounds like so much fun...
wtf is trammel?
lol u weeb
well duh it's 1 more pitch
no Italian in the squad :( except him .. feel for the lad .. but i guess nice guys Mata and Herrera are learning Italian by now
"Yes, we should force people to use birth control, force adoptions, or take away their children if they don't have any money!"
Picking up ENCE on July 1st.
"But remember, it's not racism, because racism only applies to systems of power!"
That's how I answer the phone when unknown numbers call.
sounds like gay marriage has destroyed everything!
"Yeah way to victim blame, Einstein."
"Yeah, the Vatican is gonna put all its manuscripts online..."
You just don't meet them because you say poppycock.
Can't wait for the LFG posts asking for 395+ light in the fist 2 days after heroic drop
Sure all they had to do was change the license-plate and maybe a bit of a new paint-job and they could have gotten away with it.
I love the you disagree with me so you must be fat logic!
Liberal agenda in action
lol sweet bro
"So, you hate women and black people?"
"Women never, ever lie about rape and sexual assault."
"such a new idea, never heard of it"
"Yeah, why can't Marvel Studios make movies that aren't based on their comics?"
"Well, they do cause people to become serial killers."
"TEST not reimbursing talwars, more news at 10!"
"But seriously, its just about Southern Pride!"
I thought we hated less?
Raftel
Thought it didnt need an
It doesn't help that I got kicked out of Boy Scouts for eating a brownie.
I would gladly take some of his money to help him with his problems.
but Jews can't tell you what is and isn't anti-semitism because we're evil and sneaky.
But guys it was totally Justified because
"OMG, you're trying to convince people to pass on best profit in their lives and become rich instead of them."
"Not like there was the red scare or anything...nope, just lazy socialists."
Sleep with his best friend to get even with him.
(Platinum) that only very few talented players can experience.
Ohhhh that explains why they are only available in creative mode!
Can we get back to 9/11 memes already?
Well that was a short visit....
Are you asking what a vacuum cleaner is and how to fix it?
Men can't be the victim of sexism because of The Patriarchy^^^TM
Will try.
Because without those other people you wouldn't be able to perform your labor!
You could always get on eBay and drop a grand on a gold model...
But America had a recession in 2008!
"They keep shooting themselves, because we need more gun control in this country, people!"
HAM: BEST FANS OF THE YEAR!
Yeah that drought was really brutal
This could soon be out biggest export
Free only has 4 letters not 6.
Because Khepri is a fair and balanced god.
Marvel so they can get continue getting paid to make fun of DC
"You've been suppressed by Rick Scott it seems, call your local media!"
"Yeah, I hate when people react to horrific events."
I now copyright it and yes he plagerized his own work
"Ah great point Ken Beger, this is a really great contract actually."
I.. I hope for your own sake you dropped this
What could possibly go wrong?
Joseph Kony is no true Christian.
"Nonsense, BI have missed another goal in which they explicitly said that it wasn't guaranteed or even had a good chance of happening so therefore they are literally the worst developers ever and DayZ is literally the worst game ever made and we must riot and constantly harass them to no end and then complain about the lack of transparency that we brought upon ourselves."
Because being thin can never possibly lead to being healthy or happy.
Non Muslims didn't all get invited to a Masked Ball.
wow this is the first time i'm seeing this on reddit
Locker room lists
"Yeah but that was like 4 episodes ago, so D&amp;D have clearly lost all their skill now."
bbbuutt... buuuttt... climate change is a myth...
...and he therefore doesn't have arms and legs?
"They are both about climbing and shooting, they are definitely exactly the same"
That's going to help a lot now for sure...
"ROFL, yes thats totally what happened."
"Already have Titanfall 2, thanks for the help"
"guise it isn't his fault, he just has a really high babip"
All those bribes the traffic police takes must give them hand fatigue
"Yeah all those States Bernie won like PA, NC, FL, OH"
Troll game is on point
Because the Catholic Church has sooooooo much power.
Probably due to deflated footballs
We can be sure AAP fanboys have a perfectly logical justification for this.
"Yeah please... we've worked so hard and so long, agonizingly supporting one of the best teams in the world, we deserve to have at least 7 world class players brought in."
is that Tom Brady's personal motto or something?
NMS player says they are still playing the game.
Muh realism in my fantasy battle game
"Yeah, obsessing over the details of legislative instruments is far more productive..."
I'm sure that's really comforting.
Crazy how nature make that...
TIL
Didn't see this coming
I'm pretty surprised sex cock is so forgiving really
"Telepathy is the first skill you should learn, I mean haven't you read the internet posts by 12 year old masters?"
There are servers for the original xbox?
HOW DARE YOU FORGET EVANDER KANE
"That's right, I forgot that every other countries laws are based on America's actions."
That's why they wear all that safety gear.
Because men don't have emotions
That's a good way to stop domestic abuse.
Really glad I signed up to the newsletters so they could not tell me when this page went live
Just an atiquated piece of paper...
"Sexual content and nudity, something no one expects from Game of Thrones!"
"Duuude, nobody '*hates*' Israel, man, you're crazy."
"thxs bro, I was hoping to have nightmares tonight."
ha filthy i7 pleb we only use dual socket xeons here
Next you'll be telling me half of the people who commit suicide have mental problems.
Because other skin tones don't exist amirite?
Only Anubis can get an Anubis remodel silly .
"What is that, like 2 days' worth?"
He was terrifying as the Hourglass in Superhero Movie too.
Pretty sure that's only a metaphor.
"Gross negligence is certainly criminal, but regular negligence is a-ok in my book."
"TIL running a game for players that don't appreciate it makes you ""That Guy"""
The odds were good.
"What a reprehensible act, there's just no redemption from that."
Why did you give Kyle Larson a 15 point penalty?
MODSMODSMODSMODSMODS
But those children are dirty and most likely traumatized.
Maybe they should just stop being born into the wrong family then.
Southern English is a vernacular disease.
"Yeah, like the Civil Rights movement!"
"and we all know that we should listen to what a woman says, not watch what she does..."
"I know I feel the same way about black people, why does every show have a black main character now it's so insulting!"
Because I see so many posts on reddit of southern states bashing northern states.
"Yes, we should just let them screw us!"
It's like they got the same script for the season #NFLRigged
He sounds like a bundle of joy to be around.
0/7 obviously a TAS
"yes bench your star / stud WR because of behavioral issues, and sacrifice big play ability and wins"
Ahhh come tutti gli arabi e i migranti.
Haha you didn't know you ceased to be a person when you became a vessel for life?
"IT'S NOT ALL ABUTT THE GRAFIX IT'S ABOUT NEW GAMES AND STUFF, THESE CONSOLES ARE MORE SINEMATIC."
Yes because carbohydrate metabolism is exactly the same in rats and humans
No it's pretty obvious he went to port mackerel and dried his hands from the ink.
It's not guns it's those violent video games
Yeah because he's totally going to break your arm the first time you roll as a white belt
What conflict?
So you're saying the answer is less regulation and more privatization to allow the free market and capitalism to fix all of this?
"Wow, with China sucking, Korea falling apart and EU coming to NA, we'll looking to become the best region after all!"
Except for gays right?
She's a little flat chested for my taste.
Government: Such a good idea.
Hurrr...ith furny currth thur gaaaay.
"Hey, just because I sit at a computer working all day doesn't mean you can diminish the exercise I get walking 20 feet to get a coffee or go to the washroom!"
Open Source software.
"Yes, muslims are clearly liberals who go around supporting LGBT rights and the rights of women"
"Insigne didn't even play against Uruguay, you people are just way too harsh"
As expected from a pussy Pokemon fan
"thank you so much for contributing to this sub, even if OP didn't tag this right."
TIL that diversity literally forces white people to the back of the bus.
UGH I hate when they gear their stuff towards little girls!
Ah man that was so unique
"Whew, my account is safe!"
also while you're at it make me a mod
"He's a millennial, obviously."
I got some news for you: you missed the invisible
"Yeah, a multiplayer game that consistently connects people on opposite ends of the globe together on a p2p connection is amazing."
"Alcohol is the only drug, and caps lock hasn't been scientifically proven to make words harder to read!"
Top tier racist post
it was
Anyone can easily tell by looking at the picture that these kids are truly living a miserable life.
"*Micro$oft*, amirite guyz?"
"Your right, No one will remember the 12 trophies, Unbeaten season, 18 years of consistent CL football, and New stadium that all happened under Wenger.... They will only remember that patch where they didn't win anything because we had to deal with stadium debt."
Well yeah it's unstoppable but not unparriable
"Well, that's racist..."
Oh ok so you're saying Avery Bradley and a protected 1st round pick couldn't get Demarcus Cousins?
It's just a preference But they're more feminine
"Yeah, a real gem."
"And let's be honest, at least BlazerMorte's boss exists."
"""DAE le hate American shows!"""
Because france is bullying Muslims.
I think Hotline Miami would be perfect!
haha yeah huge slardar nerfs felt really good
Oh I'm sorry I guess that you heard the real story and not the bullshit made up one that the judge used in their finding.
This could be incredibly effective.
I suppose I'll go back to making up stories about how I massacred 3 people after I robbed a bank.
"Strictly speaking, white is *all* the colors."
"no checkertail shark, 2/10 would not fly"
amiibos already are ebay exclusive
can't they get a husband?
It's not news that Don Cherry is full of shit.
"Wow, they really did an *awesome* job building this bridge."
Bengal's organization as well
It does..but..but you see we've all been giving so much to The Sarkeesian Effect that we don't have enough to fund this too..yeah that's it.
Can't believe there's no Rahat....
That's a load of schiit
Believe the upvotes!
"no, what do you even do irl"
thanks dad
But their fighting EVIL not passing out tokens at Chuck E. Cheese.
Yeah...the s4 active gives a lot of credibility to their standard of toughness...
He's coming back for Frankie
"Hillary can bring in 650 million/week, Trump obviously took that as a challenge"
Says the country with a flag that looks like the Crusader flag from 1000 years ago
It's cleansing the body from the toxins spewed out from the capitalist pigs in government and major oil companies!
DAE think only rich people should be able to enjoy things?
"Dood, that's the modders choice and we as car enthusiasts should accept car culture in all it's forms."
"You aren't rambling, you've just been struck by *white guiltTM*!"
You could've just said Government Agency
God's love and grace.
"Yeah, he clearly must not have been swinging very hard because it took three full swings to break the two-inch-diameter piece of wood in half over his buddy's neck."
"But... but.. but, cheap labor saves money, right?"
"I mean it is his fourth, once you experience it once they are all the same right?"
**XENOPHOBIA**
"Yeah, with all the people being lost to Voat."
"Man, I wanna have my online drug ring be private ;_;"
"What a lovely, classy gal to bring home to the parents."
That crippled child should have pulled himself up harder by his bootstraps
Because the theory gives more away than anything in the body of the post by a long shot.
Its name is 3 times as long so it's 3 times faster!
"Nope, nothing suspicious about this at all..."
This is why we need to get rid of the EPA and let the free market handle things.
Don't you dare call me that you asshole.
used goods
They are obviously not experts on health and *health* Canada is.
You should stop buying AMD
"But he was a good kid, was trying to turn his life around, right?"
Wasteful government spending
Looks more realistic than my Shinden flying backwards when control surfaces are shot.
Oh I guess that makes it ok then.
"Well they're both fords, both have 4 wheels (I think)"
Good thing he practices in AimBotz so he can land all those sick headshots in game!
So basically every one plays druid hopes to get the turn 1 OTK and if they don't they concede seems like fun
"Something something Micro$oft, amirite?"
Like the top tier balancing.
"It's just Stalinclay, like Stalinwood trees, nothing except the strongest of Soviet tanks can pass into this Godlike area without being destroyed"
"Nah, start a forest fire, really cover your tracks"
Because the men are the victims here!
TRIGGERED
"Yes, because no one needs money from a job to buy games or anything"
"The thought of characters in the world I create, trying to create a portal through the multiverse and busting into my room to tell me to write a decent story, amuses me, so yes, I do now see myself as a God."
Clearly more socialism is the answer.
"He did a great job in 21 &amp; Over, which is basically the college bro version of American Idiot"
"Yeah, no banter between Sweden, Norway, Finland and the Potatomouths here at all."
"Oh, thank god, I thought I was on r/creepy for a second."
You know she personally started the divas revolution *and* brought back the women's division
Lol funny signs and abortions lmao...
...but where does this psychologist fit into the payscale?
obviously the only solution is to pass SOPA or CISPA...
Too bad there arent 6 more rounds or anything
Don't they know that we are the superior gender?
Yeah there was definitely no other content in this interview and it shouldn't have been posted because there was a short discussion about balance.
Yeah because working voluntarily for an employer is definitely exploitation.
Wards well used
Perhaps we could class MTX as a known bug
Some cats just need bobbed tails!
Obviously because people weren't lazy like this generation is now.
"Well at least the eyes can now see up to 60fps, must be the latest firmware update"
But if I disagree with them their obviously an idiotic buffoon who blundered their way to success.
I love playing against Bellona
missed off the
Gotta love that clickbait.
"Hey, everyone knows only countries that were allied with the USA during WW2 have a choice in what to eat!"
A true memer would have made the effort
No he asked if she was apart from it
It's because we atheists don't have any morals.
Were you vacinnated?
"With Xbox Two , Gold Membership is now mandatory in order to play your single player orientated games.... Separate Gold membership required to play multiplayer T&amp;Cs apply"
"Dude your not suppose to actually read the article, just upvote for the title!"
"I'm not sure if that's obvious enough, you should go to his house and just do it for him."
Well that sounds like a legit assumption
"Funny I thought that the ""short guys in yarmulkes"" would love him."
"Ah yes, because if Wikileaks lost their twitter account that would completely shut them down..."
"Yes, a Striker Squad instagibs any vehicle within 800m."
At least we have the bandits!
Poor dad probably felt left out :/ TAKE ADVANTAGE OF HIS EMOTIONS AND MAKE HIM CONVERT!
"Yes, truly Ninja Scroll is *the pinnacle* of anime..."
Whoever is organizing this AMA isn't doing a very good job.
"213 because you didn't have the spirit of Ronald Reagan watching over your godless wasteland of a country, die of the gay plague AIDS and go to hell commie."
The obligatory *git gud*
gotta support all those coffee bars and corner block yoga studios.
ok here it is
Tbh highwaking is cheating so yes
"Normal ca esti moldovean, stai in brasov..."
"It's when a Bruin player does something they can't quite call hooking, holding, tripping..."
Because someone who receives benefits has no right to enjoy themselves.
...maybe they should stop buying stuff.
But think of how much LESS we can pay homeless employees?
I'll finish it for you for your ACB
Nixon should have blamed Watergate on the Russians and had a drone strike on Deep Throat.
"You guys get direct deposit and you know it, stop flaunting it."
"yeah, because people shouldn't be excited about new open-standards in the tech industry"
"but but, muh biggest game in the entire galaxy, dont need vr!"
Yeah and the copious amount of soulshift targets.
Yeah but this time is really important
"Yeah, but universal healthcare would mean old people get euthanized and women will be forced to have abortions."
Liar... I know more than all those bums and I prove it from the comfort of my couch every weekend.
it might offend someone
Well that's because you were listening to our play calls.
Wouldn't warlords take over?
They seem to be enjoying themselves.
Objectifying men don't real cuz privilege.
"He's gonna be the worst laptop user, honestly have you even seen him in Daredevil?"
"Yea, this joke is 3.5 times less funnier than it was a month ago."
Please put a
"She owes me $432,000"
Is this zefmiller's stash?
"Checkmate, atheists."
"Yes, let's drop an in-form Fellaini for an unfit van Persie!"
"He won v P without ""YOLOPullDaBoyz"" That was not Flash, that was an imposter"
"Oh yeah, those emails were harmless"
Wouldn't you get more use out of your Android phone with ChromeOS?
But didn't you know that cow's milk is literally the only source on earth to get CALCIUM and PROTEIN?
I never realized how stupid Boston fans can be...
It's not propaganda if it's true
Yes yes this is good for bitcoin
Well he did say you would both enjoy it
no way?
"Time to unsubscribe, too popular."
Find better hacks
You belong against the wall.
"You're damn right, I love Kerbal Space Program!"
That's a really great point but with all due respect I think the only reason has to be because John Cena sucks.
And she has clearly shown that....
Not to mention khan academy!
They're shaming leftie goddesses!
"I mean, I know Megatron is an extremely good receiver but he isn't *that* good."
Not one of discerning tastes though.
ok?
"If there's one message you want to teach kids, it's the idea that good behavior is only worth it if there is some sort of reward for it."
Oh yea DLC weapons really does something for everyone...
Sorry I don't have feeds...who's Z?
"Nope, no bias there at all."
North Korea is best Korea
but revolutions based on racism and xenophobia must succeed #Trump2016
"Yeah, your head will explode"
I'm glad Chicago doesn't have ANY bandwagon fans.
Chemtrails... government mind control....
So I guess these two smoke rings combining is no different than mixing orange juice and apple juice...
...
They're all drunk in WI!
"Well, it always works that way with movies and their sequels."
You forgot the
"Well, does this method of catching him involve putting his hologram in hologram jail?"
"Behold, Riot's master plan: Neuter the fuck out of EU in order to give NA a chance at placing the top 4 at Worlds!"
"It's our own fault, the liberal agenda we shoved down their throats is provoking an allergic reaction and has to go out somewhere."
It's just a visual glitch.
Console still isn't at that stage
It would bug you less if you started watching the show right!
"Damn, he did really good against those shutdown defenses!"
"But I do all that and wear makeup/girly stuff, so I'm really different, right?"
"We the ignorant, unwashed millennials with our fancy phones and excessive availability due to underemployment."
"Dude didn't you know his ""brand"" is worth billions"
pai nu au tratat-o cu sirop de Agave si unguent cu aloe ... au mers la spital ... de aia ... Daca ii dadeau niste Oscillococcinum ... homeopatic ... sigur ii trecea ... E o conspiratie a spitalelor
yea im sure she has a lot of trouble with guys turning her down....
"Hey guys, a $15 an hour minimum wage is definitely going to help this out"
"Holy crap they've got the super-mega rare, Walmart-exclusive Stitch amiibo!"
Announcing the long-awaited Stephen King Cinematic Universe?
You should have showed up on time.. but keep blaming everyone else for your problems because that is definitely how you get ahead!
Boosted economy tho.
The newest iPhone
This is what happens when voting is mandatory.
I'm very tied and read it that as she was *hit by a bar* ... Maybe concussion helps marriages too?
"Yeah that's not even remotely true, but okay... I'm sure you're right, I must have a broken uterus compared to your..."
That sounds like a fantastic book for children.
"Counter picking is so bullshit, man I'm sick of people trying to win!"
Apparently America is stupid and only believes anything with an american accent.
You dropped this:
Get rid of them!
Our foreign policy should be based off of Command and Conquer.
"Oh yeah, I forgot, black people are inherently bad."
"It would also be a straight line, facts are awesome!"
Should've stayed in school
yeah i lost like 5 QM games in a row last night against teams with Varian sooo clearly Op!
I often find my chip and pin cards run out of batteries and need to be plugged in every night.
"He's not a *terrorist*, he's a concerned citizen voicing his opposition violently to create an atmosphere of fear to achieve a political end."
"Because ""cute"" is the reason for having them, isn't it?"
BURN THE WITCHES
But what about *muh feels*?
Because there are set definitions for greatness and goodness that are statistically likely.
Wow you sound like a completely reasonable and mature person that men would totally want a relationship with.
How is it already dark even though he uploaded this before night time?
Yeah - remival that is situational and completely useless in some matchups is exactly what ControlPriest needed
NO WAY MAN SHES WAY TOO SELF-CONFIDENT FOR ME YOU CAN HAVE HER
"I'm sure that would work out in their favor, teleporting Superman to his power-up zone and killing a lot of his friends."
Should have included a
See what you don't realize is they have no title and just baited you all into choosing one.
"nope, he's just as bad as Bushbama"
"That'd make a cool meme; ""Resistant Redditor"""
Oh I'm sorry I forgot the part where you translated the moon runes into moon runes.
"Naw, only went there to have breadsticks for 2 hours without ordering anything obviously..."
why use that when we could be linear consumers and buy more!
omg reddit so racist
"Yea, unfriend him, what type of loser uses reds?"
just use ult.
DAE PC MASTER RACE AMIRITE
You are so fucking hardcore.
clearly you should just be living in your parents basement....
He didn't have any friends
Careful they don't turn you furry.
Wel that's just racist.
You don't understand she needs all those extra targets so her whirlwind can heal!
"He put the winky face, now you have no choice but to tell him."
"Yeah sure, just like the torrents is originally intended to share Linux distros."
I think it's the exclusive dlc
It's a good thing women aren't individuals..........
Can't wait to point fingers at anyone I dislike and call them racists!
Hey baby.
"Foxnews did not say so, so it is not true"
You can always try and start a 20billion dollar kick starter project.
dir /a
Forgot your
I'm surprised Obama hasn't banned christianity from our prisons!
"Wow I love islam now, let in more refugees"
"Oh, she's a county girl, how trashy!"
It's
"youre just jealous, all you have is dust"
Did you find the staves yet?
"I've done about 2000 clears now, so if we just have about 997 more people that clear 1000, we're in the clear."
"""I FEEL THIS WAY WHICH MEANS EVERYONE THINKS THIS WAY ALSO UR A BITCH"""
"Meanwhile you never see the crying behaviour from allies nono, you just dont see it"
well then you are the uncle tom of muslims!
You are probably the only one.
"Yeah, EA are just loving hippies who won't sue you into the ground after the govenment has sent you four kindly letters explaining that you are doing something wrong."
I don't think being young or stupid has anything to do with this.
"Yup, guilty until proven innocent these days."
"God did it, Hitler did it, why not Duterte?"
"Anti-Iran resolutions are necessary, because they've already passed a budget, spurred the economy into action, and are working hand in hand to solve the other problems that plague America..."
"Yeah, that's definitely the only religion with violent radicals."
"Everybody is wrong, it's to distract you from the shame you feel when using public transportation."
That job-killing trainwreck Obamacare has embedded microchip implants in our hands that make us love him.
Genetically mutilated creatures are fun!
You should probably post about it on the internet.
Because you know better than a team of psychiatrists.
Good thing he's not involved with the technology side of the game
"Yes, only neurologists are qualified to tell you that your brain will cease functioning after death."
Has everyone registered with GeForce to received your e-mail driver updates yet?
we can obviously see where you live right?
Because I'd rather pick up beads or aegis
You mean Bridge and Terry no?
"Yes, because the only reason people can't just quit their jobs is that they don't handle money very well"
She won't notice you unless you're wearing the latest designer clothes.
"yeah, damn those unattractive people for complimenting you!"
You're keeping her from tips you scumbag Steve.
It's a known fact orthopedic surgeons don't actually like performing surgery.
Disappointment bat v2
Thank goodness you're not falling for the divide and conquer strategy.
Doesn't he know you need at least three y's to get someone's attention?
Sega hates Japan
But isn't it just so much easier to blame everything on Obama's PC brigade?
Every day I curse Will Smith for the impact Jaden Smith's life has on me
"""Did you guys remember to pack the hot sauce?"""
Monks and nuns must be miserable then!
Drop him
ITT: Jelousy
"If we evolved from fish, why are there still fish?"
You dropped this.
#science
"Well, one of the rumors that circulated around a few months ago is: [that Kylo built that lightsaber himself, but with no one around to teach him how, it's not working quite right.]"
We *know* they're working together!
"""Beauuutiful champ"" - Edmond Tarverdyan"
Thats what they want you to think!
I hate great directors who make quality films as well
You could use a 2b to because obviously Cano isn't any good
40-Core CPU at 38.8 GHZ totes
Maybe they measured by *duration of performance time* rather than *number of performances*.
And the timeline.
Reno would fit right into this deck
Don't they know that islam is a religion of peace?
"Let's just get rid of all the exo abilities while we're at it, ih and exo suits too"
What do the terrorists have against Orange is the New Black?
"beaverscleaver wrote: gah, I always have a hard time telling the difference, too."
"That'll surely stop 100million people from communicating, you show 'em judge!"
for you:
"Yes, because prior to the cell phone the world was just sooo dangerous."
What could possibly go wrong when you ridicule someone's psychotic beliefs?
"Sure, cause this is your fault."
2 more times and you can legally screw him!
"It was blue a few days ago, it should come back to blue at the end of the day."
"Yes, any time a negative emotion is expressed toward a woman by a man, it is because of typical male insecurity and he is obviously no kind of man for doing so."
"Let cash strapped localities handle elections, what could possibly go wrong?"
"waow, le qop shite farmer rite?"
Damn Dardoch back at it again with the toxicity..
"And, by extension, all women are inferior."
Yea I'm sure this guy is getting the death penalty for shooting the criminal
Wait it's not his fault?
"Yes, cause Blizzard would *never* be a copycat..."
Play the game under protest!
"hey, at least he didn't double down on the nice-guy act"
"Only a .037 diff, same thing."
Because a joke about a fictional rape promotes real life rape.
here's the thing....
But it won't let them saturate you with adverts!
"But of course, MRAs are the real terrorists, right?"
I'm sure that'll help!
Never saw this one before
It's all the male taxpayers fault.
"Duh, feet with the ground"
But it'd be greener if Bernie won
I too am surprised to see a picture from the upcoming avengers movie on the mcu sub reddit
But all he does is win dude
No I just like making fake Reddit posts on my school's subreddit because I'd rather to do that than work on my homework.
But it's ok we'll feel sorry for him
Confirmation that Melee was dead game until Apex 2014/Evo 2014
"He's better looking than us, of course he must be some asshole"
I have tons of fun trying to figure out the controls when playing Dwarf Fortress... most fun I've ever had.
That was so long ago we can't understand it today.
"As a male who has watched all of supernatural so far, I resent that statement"
Good point.
You should like you could be a sports journalist!
[Apparently his voice files got replaced with the ones from Legion where he is dying]
"Don't burst the bubble man , it was definitely drama don't you see"
"Obviously DICE's, since its their job to make it perfect."
I thought snakes had sex by sliding inside each other
Get out of here with your facts and non-Trump hating contribution!
Great post
plot twist; her name is Dexter?
"Wow Ovie made team Russia, I'm so surprised at that."
"why not gold, then"
I strangle you
Freaking out black people with magic.....never seen that before!
"Just go to QPR, problem solved"
Because a failure rating of less than 0.01% is cause for concern
Hydrofluoric acid is a type of liquid...
"Nodejs, JavaScript everywhere, homie."
I sense a conspiracy by existing Hall of Fame members to spread their votes across so many different players that no one will get the requisite votes for induction.
Really?
Zerg imba!
Poor people should just stop being poor
"Get out of my country, you Ostrogoth!"
They probably had to buy them short notice from a foreign police force.
"Of course not, that's because everyone already knows she won't get buffs"
Only because we don't have pac12 speed
"Ugh, lies...lies told by the victor to discredit the leader of the Third Reich."
We have to have a place to put the diamonds that are so critical and important to Africa's economy and livelihood.
Lol Civilization 5 is so unrealistic
So hip and cool
CCPlease
Obviously plane windows have a fish-eye effect.
"If they downvote you enough and tell you that you're stupid then you'll vote for Hillary, right?"
How much is that in real money?
Sounds like your area cops have their priorities straight.
"Wow, thanks for the spoiler"
But what about the elephants ?
But they cut their hair
"Yes, disagreeing on entertainment is a wonderful excuse for violence."
He loves himself more than Kanye love himself.
Buy this 200 euro baguette and the chick comes w/ it
"This must be NA silvers with the thoughts of ""let's get some skins, we'll be unbeatable""."
"Well obviously we should cancel this project because nothing has ever required software updates, change, modifications, or slight tweaking in the history of mankind."
"They should've just stuck an Opening Gambit on Jaxi which reads ""Teleport this minion to a random unoccupied corner"""
Needs more salt m8
"No te puedo creer men, sos re influyente en internet"
Did the price of coat hangars recently go up?
"In his defense, white people don't know what it's like to be poor."
Week 4 (1+3) Oooohhhhh spooky!
"so if your Tokyo machine, and u confirmed that mike is Tokyo machine....then what is the square root of the number of apples John bought?"
Everyone does eventually.
Not carbon unless it has a weave on it
"Cool list of games dude, glad you shared."
Only way or vesper chall bro let me go waste $20 playing a kid I met in a pub
Damn that democracy idea making the unwashed masses think they can influence our plutocracy!
They aren't dark enough.
He's clearly the only honest candidate out there guys.
They're wasting water lol!
\#collusion \
You mean there are two sides to the ball
JIT Java Interpreter
Omg so funny lololol
But then how else am I going to brag about my 1337 haxz0r skillz without showing around my Arch install?
"Yea, so the schools won't need that other 40 million we were giving them."
Yep... Those criminals are certainly using the 13 bus when they do their crime in the wee hours of the morning long after they have stopped running.
You seem to be of the old fashioned opinion that words actually mean things
"He's had such a great track record of bipartisanship when the Democrats controlled the House and Senate, too."
"No but we totally do since we didn't support the candidate with less votes, delegates, and ideas"
"Well, if the collective decides it is!"
Communism.
Its been a problem for a while
"Wait, what's a Chase Utley again?"
Money over everything!
"Just another friendly good Samaritan looking out for his neighbor, eh?"
But isn't 5.56 *really* just a glorified .22?
Well the other end is a switchblade so cops just have to confiscate them.
"Actually, it's Feti, not Fetuses."
(((Silicon Valley))) more like amirite lads
there's an implied
I think this makes a lot of sense because *nobody* gambles on college sports outside of New Jersey.
"Duh, they're Apple"
People fell asleep while listening to the rest of the album
It was the one that looks like Tiffany
Lol yes in crucible the Titan needs to be nerfed with respect to the Hunter...
Melbourne has buses?
This must have been fun for passengers in the terminal to watch as they were boarding their flights.
"Don't worry, he got 9k by playing meepo and not reading patch notes, he probably didn't read these ones either"
and the level 5 vegans are lesbians!
"Oh boy, a vidya that'll actually use the features of an i7"
"Yeah, just like how our courts are in the hands of politians."
"No, ricky got that last kill."
"Well God, obviously you should have put in the same effort."
"Yeah, because it's a major storyline development."
"As another IT worker, I personally love trying to discern what's wrong with your expensive electronic machine from the phrase ""shit's broken."""
Just make it cost silver dust
"Yeah, like gays, because fuck them, right?"
So racist
sexism against men doesn't exist.
Dude spoilers smh
Does this mean they are culturally appropriating native American culture?
"Because Divine Ruin, Brawlers Beatstick, Pestilence and Weakening Curse isnt enough."
Hey shitlord the idea that being gay isn't a choice is literally the worst thing to happen to the movement.
"I'm so glad they aren't getting married here, I don't want to marry my dog."
No dude spamming f-smash and going for a spike takes mad skills
But they are intolerant of racists!
Shiny Garchomp def.
You forgot the
David Ginola!
"A guy that everyone wants a relationship with, just think he could tell you everyday he is the best you can get and other fun motivational boosters."
Don't you peasants dare criticise dear leader.
"Right, zifnab, it's the oil price and nothing else."
"Yes, for example the Jews have slits."
"No, corporations are infallible and have no faults."
That is your problem; if you were running DOS...
you forget the
I guess his mentoring work is done.
Say NO to discrimination!
So scared.
Sounds like a nice neighborhood.
You let your husband objectify you like that?
Don't forget to include yourself!
Or because all the pros do it and it is obviously the thing that is making them better.
"Every semi-prevalent black man is a rapper though, didn't you know?"
only 84 rated
"Yeah, how dumb to not be a gold digging whore that guys are always assuming every female is."
"I didn't think it would be so obvious all along, we should have known!"
Yeah devs what the fuck
Have an osteotomy and join our master-race
Then why use Foster's as your word for beer?
But... but... but how could a politician just get elected and ya know... lie?
"Just so we can see there is a ""lot"" of them."
Thanks for clearing that up.
And Finn Balor on the top right!
You should get a massive backpack and walk on the train taking up 5 seats
Yup that is EXACTLY what they said
I'm sure you had no idea without her helpful reminders!
"He's good, but Laine would've scored two shootout goals"
"Uses 10,000 dpi"
Yes we can we are doing it for FREEDOM &amp; DEMOCRACY not like those commie ruskies
Is BJP giving onsite?
"But if you had all of the answers, you'd be the one paid the most."
"Nice try, Costco PR team!"
"It's cool guys, just like sharks they probably don't like the taste of humans"
"D: Oh god, she's right D: How could I have been sitting here calling for the legalization of marriages based off of loving commitment for all these years, that's terrible!"
"Naw, man, kale's where the action's at."
"Yeah, NASA definitely never had a rocket failure especially one that actually killed people!"
more auto-5-man damage ults like nu wa's fire shards
Now you're just milking it.
"It's okay though, at least they won't be Evil."
"Darn, that big brained black scientist named Yakub who created white people."
I can only thinking movies...
I did it all with a single lvl 1 naked prowler actually.
"Sorry mate, you just missed it."
But but those people are too stupid to have thought guns were have been as advanced as they are!
I'm pretty sure it was missing the
More peace?
If only there were an agreed upon sarcasm tag.
Only people without elite skills use auto aim.
"Baja un cambio chabon, que el puede elejir escribirlo como se le de la gana ^^^"
BuT My OH seE is orginel he's name iz Yoxy the fox and hes a good gay and he haLps the nitgurd he is fowxy but hes black ahnd geren
Just wait until you try heroin!
"Psh, why spend extra money on nozzles/injectors when I can just rely on the tune?"
"Wow good idea, this subreddit is perfect to pick up women!"
"Yeah, losing Conely hasn't been devastating like the others"
100+ or trash
That OP bastard.
There are too many 3D games coming out lately.
"Oh, but they're only concerned about her *health*, of course!"
"**PLOT TWIST** you have to pay for a package that gives you a ""chance"" to unlock a new track"
"DAE humans don't have brains, only penises do?"
I should be worried about the Cardinals adding people to their already good defensive line but you face the Rams twice a year so there is a good chance most of your team ends up on IR before the Seahawks even have to play you.
"Who knows, maybe they would have turned into Nazis as soon as they set foot in the USA and started murdering Jews."
Unfortunately no... But it is coming soon!
"Better be careful what you say, he might threaten you!"
"You're not my champ, bro"
Hmm I might just watch it now.
"Damn, man, you could probably get a job teaching logic at nice university!"
Just stay drunk and you won't get hungover
Don't you see the default sub of 9 million was brigaded!
"Fuck yeah, the Monkees are awesome"
"Right, racists flip all the time."
You forgot the
But then Bama would've gotten a bye and we wouldn't know that the SEC is the worst conference ever
thankful malaysia masih aman unlike zimbabwe
In forced selective service.
Well he is 3 time champion.
"OOC: Yeah, totally"
But isn't that what *all* females want?
"Yes, I'm sure geopolitics move at a glacial pace and the briefings are all copy and pasted from the day before."
"Casual racism, always hilarious."
Did you know after hearing Johnny cash's version Trent Said the song was Johnny's now!
"Hey I'm lvl 1 MACP certified, say that to my face bro!"
if that was the case Pete Morreli's crew is the obvious choice for gold standard refereeing
Only because white people let them as a way to shame blacks.
BECAUSE OF YOU GUYS.
Fucking mansplaining scum.
TIL Stereotypes aren't actually true who'd have thought
How about we just do away with the test and just open the flood gates?
"Yea, t2 teams deserve to have their tournaments hosted in shittier places"
Must be your luck that the other team gets more players afk
What a shock.
You're just hating on my swag.
3 mercs and a 90s crow rip off seem like the perfect team
You forgot to put the
But he's in his prime right now!
"Quran says nothing about Heroin being haram, that obviously means that it's halal."
"That's funny, I thought Notre Dame was a national team..."
I cant wait for the new zeus sounds
Well yeah I guess if you want to go cherry picking...
"Yes, explain how Chipotle is so much better"
Ryan Gentles solo album!
Well... that's great marketing!
Yeah.. I mean hitting 500k+ viewers during the summit 2 is nothing.. and 6 big lans in the past 2 months with 200k+ viewers each is just terrible.
"""The tasteless adult party game,"" yeah, it needs further describing."
So nice of the US to ship them a billion dollars worth of weapons to help them in their quest
Rise was brilliant and made total sense!
They forgot to mention that the donors have to be Aryan.
Maybe he'll take Scuderi from us
How can you be xenophobic when refugees aren't real people?
Hekt
"* 1"" * left * digital"
No he has a girl and a black on the show so no.
Now i need to drill a hole on my desk
Forcing certain people to choose between their religion and education sounds like a great idea
"Oh look, another guy trying to control what a woman can or can't do with her body."
You mean the players laughingly going oooOOOoooOO doesn't get you as pumped up as the old rival mascots drowning videos?
Because YouTube views are *so* important.
"Yeah, cause Suicide Squad was such a flop"
I'm sure back then there was a reason justified by YHWH where the context was OK to murder babies.
The burn tells you it's working.
Such a good use of money
Your sister in law sure seems to know a lot about the political situation surrounding Syria at the moment
BUT BUT dead people leave
Thanks for this most useful tweet EA!
The barrel and cylinder look like it might be a new production Remington
"Cry more, it will solve your problems."
"Video games: a religion of peace, amirite?"
"No, they are obviously poorly made pancakes, yet sell at a restaurant somehow"
Minesweeper
"Doesn't matter, made playoffs"
Apple has trained you all to know about minimalism
Because PC gamers never fall into the traps of pre-ordering
dude titans are the speed class
Oh man that site looks just awful.
The Message
I can't spell Internet connection with wifi nor wireless.
Crazy to think the media shouldn't have a clear as day bias
I never realized that movie was a documentary.
"Not just two GKs, but Owen and Ronaldo between the sticks!"
Breaking news.
"Hell in a Cell instead of Summerslam, lucky you guys!"
a thriving city with nowhere to park.
At least you are not paying for the channel
[Maybe that achievement to collect the spaceship parts is from the FunkShip!]
Because the one redditor you're talking to has the power to impeach him...
Cool thanks for the tip!
"I'm imagining him now with the hula hoop and the camera thinking, ""this is going to get me all the ladies!"""
"I don't know, mine goes nuts every time I tie it on her."
Let's not forget Australia's role in this important milestone for mankind.
In San Diego?
"No, no, it's totally that we have a massive advantage at Coors Field"
"And the judge, jury, bailiff, etc."
Well Apple *did* invent mobile payments after all!
Possibly [the avatar of Sargeras]
Must be Aussie cause of all the times he's called this dude a cunt.
That's what this filthy whore deserves for not fully covering her body in public.
"Well, that's certainly not going to open up a black hole of precedent and demands from other locations."
"^convinced, and converted."
Not as original as mine
"Yeah those chemists are really getting paid the big bucks, they don't care about curing cancer... everyone goes into science for the money"
I believe it's called Windows Wine
I like how all the expensive components ejected right before impact.
The teacher is just a shitlord trying to fat shame her for her eating
"now, on to sweinsteiger"
"Psa, victory means good matchmaking."
Damn commies trying to take away my 2nd amendment constitutional right to open fire on innocent civilians!
What could possibly go wrong?
"oh, look another post about the NSA..."
But money is free speech.
"""but its like okay :)) it happens so rarely :P cut dicks just look nicer right guys?!"""
Our frog pond is pretty damn lethal these days
"Yeah, what he said."
It's about ethics in gaming journalism.
Yeah... Democrats will totally win.
"yea, not like this show has magical swords or anything as it is"
Or we could just trade him to the AFC
"Gooddell means business, I'm sure he'll keep up the pressure on domestic violence and former players having their lives ruined due to concussions."
You say WWII i say the war of jewish aggression(existing is an aggression)
"wow, who would have guessed that"
But the first ingredient is whole grain
"Obviously the part where it encourages Satan worship, magic, and irreverence, and leads you astray just like it did for Elfstar in ""Dark Dungeons""."
Oh really now?
I'm pretty sure the number is a big red zero.
hahaha you're going to hell.
and just in time to regain some form for the euros
I think we have NSA to thank for that
No one saw that coming...
In no way is it unstable or fenceable.
"yeah she was asking for it ""shh"" is grounds for assault"
Oh boo fucking hoo....get back to work!
I wonder if there was anyone from Syria in Germany who might want to do such a thing?
You obviously just dont appreciate modern art..
"Ok, so as the bleeding-heart, ultra-liberal that I am, I take the promote as provide... Fuck all that aren't as fortunate as you and me!"
doesn't seem photoshoped at all
Yeah we need a real straight shooter like clinton in office!
Or riot shields
Justin Bieber wears these all the time so it must be cool.
Yeah totally gross man I'd never touch that grimy shit..
"Never should have ended slavery, lost so much money from that scheme."
"Obviously every person who has more money than me has got there through cheating or being a dick, my procrastination and lack of effort is completely not to blame."
fuck you don't welcome me
TRM
Stop Swedsplaining it with your Swed privilege.
I'll have you know revolution is un-communist
"Oh great, I love trying to find people for 2 minutes on a huge map with only 6 players camping with snipers."
"Too good for cereal box games, mister Moneybags?"
Yea fighting should be fun!
SMR is my favorite gun no
"Rafael, Gibson, O'Shea, Fabio"
"I think I have a solution, replace school buses with taxis!"
"Hurr hurr hurr, it's funny because you're the first person to think of doing this."
Alright man no need to brag
Be sure to use Corsair brand computer oil!
Does only one exist?
no you racist!
This could be perceived as discrimination against mouth breathers.
"Dana and the UFC are trying to push Ronda's workload and media obligations onto holly so she becomes overwhelmed and it's harder to train for the rematch, thus giving ronda the edge and helping to ensure they get their queen of MMA back... The man in the tinfoil hat told me."
Omg I watched it 37 times in the theaters and bought 18 blu-rays because fuck your nostalgia man babies.
Cause when it really comes down to it people liking you is all that matters
Bitches love making sexytime in a crib.
But but wage slavery and exploitation
oh... I thought it was
Foxnews is the most accurate reporting service next to the bible.
That's a lot of long passes for a player who only passes backwards
Does it restrict your vape when you crank up the power like IRL too?
I can't WAIT for Mega-Metagross to be banned from OU!
License Raj
"Ofc, I have agreed with Fox News since they pushed Obama's being Muslim and not a citizen, they are a paragon of responsible journalism, just like #TYT."
"Jesus said the rapture is coming and that these are the end times, when the world gets bad enough, we will all be whisked away to narnia to leave all the brownskinned heathens to fight the armies of satan on Earth."
"He didn't have a gun it was clearly planted by the corrupt officer, according to his family it was just a book even though none was found on the scene."
are you awake yet?
"People with differing opinions are dumb, right?"
"This confirms it, it needs to be made out of bedrockium."
But government can *print* as much as they want!
"Thanks, such a helpful reply."
"Just wait and see, give him a chance!"
Noone can see above 24 fps too
You forgot the
I disagree with your opinion so much I'm going to downvote you :-)
Yeah they should just be grateful for all that vile criticism and child molesting!
Clearly we need to make drastic cuts to entitlements.
We can expect more boundary violations now in nullsec.
Because German Luftwaffe units never saw ground combat
*Actually* it's a 3 meter long spatula and the grill is right outside of my room so it'd be quite accessible!
Let's post this in every positive comment string guys
Typical Chelsea... Buying the Premier League
"""secular reasons why some people do not deserve the same rights as others"" i have no idea why this could be seen as bigotry"
Concrete box?
Easy solution: Put Blingtron in your deck.
Nuclear power is safe and cheap
Yeah adults should never hug children
Goddamn it this Christmas advertising just gets earlier and earlier each year!
Because no one ever criticizes Western culture on reddit.
you forgot the
"Hey now, it's very responsible to have a back up plan."
But I hate train
That'd be racist
"yup, its all about small government"
"Everyone else has no idea how to mow their lawn, casuals."
"Yeah, what weirdos people are for wanting to get justice for something that happened years ago"
YES.YOU SHOULD BE!
You mean it won't be put in Africa where he was born?
It's because of violent video games of course!
Son's of bitches...
"Fairly large considering it was a cold day, right after a major terrorist attack and the speaker is supposed to be the chief butcher-e-musalmaan!"
but we've had such good luck with italians in the past!
"They aren't hackers bro, they are gulbul leet smurfs."
The gigantic 'S' on her rental life preserver wasn't obvious enough?
"*blink* O...k... last I checked witchcraft was a thing that took years of dedication and practice but apparently I could have just bought a super shitty ""Love Magic for Dummies"" and been rolling in throbbing dick without any effort at all."
"OMG, look at all that pollution from all the massive traffic in the city."
"Yeah, good thing you thought of that."
I know enough not to trust an Irishman to be objective about the UK.
YEAHH THIS IS IMPORTANT
"It's a ""feature""!"
"Man, how could you not, with all the flaming success he's managed over the years at State."
Press F to Press Report for Spam
This is fake as fuck... Misty would have died N1 if this was real
"Ahh, ok, that *easily* justifies the $2500 per issue."
"Of course it is, we don't kill people."
It's just a vast right wing conspiracy.
"Of course not, it's Juan, Jesus, and Maria."
"Ugh, you're so selfish for providing a liiving for yourself instead of being on reddit 24/7!"
Wish bobby were here
Pau?
So why don't they give the car a good engine and then place a governor in there that caps the speed to 60mph?
And that's why liberals are the real racists
"Well there's your problem, your CPU is flooded, need to get a waterproof CPU if you want to put it under water"
"Yeah man, fuck you and your *logic*."
"Check your bizarre privilege, shitlord."
"No, but Jon Stark is!"
Well yeah its at the top of their priority list because this is game breaking and it affects the in game economy in a negative way
Just until we figure out what's going on!
worked great with the gay too
Uh well I doubt he will reach 200 by this year
Absolutely not!
I'm sure they would really give a shit about typos in a rick and morty game
"well duh, losses OBVIOUSLY are the only thing that define your team, after all, the 9ers were 5/5 until that Harbaugh guy came along, then they LOST the big one, so he had to go!"
It spells out CHOLE sometimes.
Fucking Rodgers
"He just told you the appeal, were you not reading?"
Way to step up UAE....just in the nick of time too!
As long as there's no nipple it's gucci!
"Yeah, I mean you know, she probably just doesn't shave her legs."
The anxiety of dealing with everyone.
"yes, all glass from russia is lower quality"
So surprised
But how could we have anarchy with no shitty reddit drama?
"God damn women these days, why don't they hate themselves and be completely submissive anymore?"
BUT MURICA IS SUPER RESTRICTIVE AND IMPERIALIST!
"Japan knows whats up, only the big six are worth using."
But it has *fruit*.
"so they nerf an ability because it functions well with gaining focus... which doesn't even directly involve gameplay, thats genius...."
hahah yeah sure every game out there releases a patch that makes the game different in 2-3 weeks prior to release
"Oh, now I get it"
"You're right, might as well not watch"
Fuck outta here damn redcoat
"You better tighten that shit up, eat lot's of bananas and whole grain foods."
Oh but it'll happen if we re-elect Trump!
"Wait, you don't have to buy everything in the store?"
"And as usual, TDB is taking them all ..."
"you need to fight Wanderlei Silva in your first UFC fight, seems alright to me"
"but its so little, what harm could it do?"
"Yes, it's not like he is a Doctor or anything!"
Real men shave in the nude.
"Yeah learn how to use photoshop before you try and make some stupid motivational poster to hopefully help a stranger with a rough time they're having, you monster."
You dropped this
DAE Hate Breeders AMIRITE?
Surely the Iranian regime is capable of operating a nuclear program while it hangs Iranian women for dancing....
I'd say so with defensive effort like that eh?
"Haha probably because that's the Werriwa Electorate, I don't think they mind it happening in a Labor safe seat :P."
"I agree, the FBI should never investigate any high-level politician for ANY crimes, it ruins the fabric of our government."
stop bein racist ya'll.... they're fighting the system.
yeah as we know reddit has been donating to Bernie for decades
"Yeah, because a billion-dollar company based in Montreal would totally forget that Winter exists."
"Here, I think you forgot that:"
MrMatty most reliable source ever.
I only listen to the weather channel when it tells me my weather forecast
You are clearly heterophobic and racist towards Asians.
"Yeah, but the principle here is African-American so he can't be British, duh."
"Of course, fuck LB or CB its a lack of pass rush why Miami's D is so shitty."
"yeah, how else am i supposed to distract him with blowjobs when i'm losing?"
Which other of our strikers should we bring on...
But we were told the A-10 was obsolete and should be retired.
And Sam Biddle is a Saint too.
You're on Reddit... You're not the minority here...
It's glandular.
And we're headed back to before 1836 if Starbucks doesn't put a goddamn Christmas tree on my red cup!
"no, obviously the NBA wants to push this to a 7 game series for the $$$"
But it's not racist because we're oppressed!
imsosuprisedicantevenputmyshockinwordsandihavetojustleaveoutthespaces
Like someone's eye sockets!
I'm sure this theft was reported right away and isn't something they just made up to smear Sanders and deflect attention.
you forgot
Too little too late #BREXIT!
Wouldn't it be great if there was a feature built into reddit where you could express your displeasure with something someone posts without having to say anything?
What kind of sick monster are you?
In poetry we call it repetition.
Yes because everyone who voices their opinion on the internet thinks they know better than the people qualified and trusted to do so
It's bad because Putin will also fight the terrorist groups that are funded by the CIA to destabilize Assad and Putin
"Jesus Christ, people still argue about that."
Living in newfoundland was AWESOME for this
I am pretty sure Assad bombed them.
That doesn't matter...Iran should be bombed anyway.
"I think Lebron will have to prove himself in the D-League before making an NBA roster, he's not that good."
"Those darn rich folk, preventing poor people from making good financial decisions with their fancy casinos."
I expect a highly innovative title that redefines the fps genre.
"That was before that, [after his fleet tried to attack earth and o'neill used the drones]"
"The refs already hate Naz, we don't need a player that a ref hit so hard that he missed a good chunk of time"
"But it's only wrong if Muslims do it, obviously"
They just **RIGGED** their flair to look like Colts fans.
"Yeah... as opposed to those ""other"" awesome US allies in the Middle-East... like Saudi Arabia and Egypt that the USA has... you really have a great sense of context and an admirable sense of diplomacy"
Yeah because Westbrook has trouble scoring.
"Yeah, because he got banned while trying to teach people not to troll and flame."
"Yep, that's a logical progression...."
Clearly the Coyotes need to learn from EA
Dude but in DOTA there is not team only solo carry win game and farm creeps no teamplay only HotS have it.
THEY DON'T!
for good reason probably
"THIS IS OBVIOUSLY FAKE, NO GAME ENDS IN A TIE, THERES SHOOTOUTS!"
"No he totally supports it, dirty politician"
You left this:
"These people undoubtedly read and reviewed all of the court documents and testimonies I'm sure, they have the expertise and moral authority to override the courts and penal system of course..."
Well that ought to rein them in!
But you're forgetting that ot's bjergsolomid and no one else in the team has talent
"Yes, obviously you're the only one"
"Yeah, because women who don't agree with feminism don't exist, they're just a myth."
Yeah but also they're emotionless.
NBA conspiracy man!
There's always Spearing
"Ah, only 150 million?"
Yeah because no parks have shelters
You must be a racist!
She's ring-ist... Why do the fingers get to be thick but the rings have to be delicate?
Hdu her shirt line is extremely successful
"Yeah, you know, education may be important, but health is importenter."
"What,don't you like playing against the original PF PF PF lines?"
dude im not sure people in this subreddit might not see the
BUT THEY AREN'T MSM SO THEY MUST BE TRUE
Because I'm here?
Yeah fuck anyone who isn't murican!
"just like piglet is a shitter, at least based on initial performance"
I taught you guys used guns to smear your sandwiches?
Agreed - we should trade both Dion AND Andy for Kobe.
Why are you such an ageist?
"""no need to continue pressing the issue"" He decided it was over, so stop talking about it OP."
"... but, charismatic megafauna are the only biota that matter, right?"
Could have fooled me!
I think I have a valid reason to be upset that my boyfriend hasn't given me a castle-style library yet....he must not love me
Downvoting you because you don't like the fallout community which means your a fallout hater
Or you could just watch/read marvel
Yeah but a double positive make a negative Hahah
"But california has universal background checks, an assault weapons ban x2, and magazine capacity limits, how could this possibly happen?"
"No, that's a horrible idea."
Government is bad mkay?
Darn and I was just about to go out to the highway for the exhilarating experience I was promised.
"Remember plebes, your vote matters!"
omg no way
"Yes, because the ship stats on the website are always accurate."
"Of course he has to take some of his precious time to say this, it's his ""white man's burden."""
"Yeah, and I'm sure anyone with a meatwad tattoo isn't regretting it at all."
Even Lebron said you guys aren't a good team.
"Because fuck the *one* guy who does things the way they should be done, amirite?"
I played ZSS before it was cool!
"I mean honestly, Dwight or no Dwight, Nick Young was not going to be stopped by anyone."
"Wait, he's not?"
(buy here)
Haters will say it's photoshop.
I've also heard he is cute and cuddly.
Unless he is using AMD
Yeah geez I just hate those smart hot girls.
"Nonsense, they were totally born in the wrong generation!"
Why do you want to punish success?
Just for you I put in the
But... But he liked the attention!
What a lucky guy to be with such a catch...
"Well, pouring more money into the real estate market should really help out with making housing more affordable in the city!"
The only good conservative is a dead conservative amirite guise?
cursing is only bad when those uppity negroes do it
"sure, and i'll support transgendered people as soon as a MtF gets pregnant"
Not as bad as the benefit scroungers and immigrants though.
Your political commentary is hilarious!
But how can we be average when we're all special snowflakes?
"And nuts to the next person, amirite?"
Some divers are such freaks!
Papaya Orange.... CONFIRMED ORANGE LIVERY FOR 2015!
Huh... TIL.
"Haha poverty, hilarious and trashy!"
"But Trumps going to get and keep all those dirty rapist Mexicans out, so that's all good!"
Nigga you gotta give credit to the people that solve it
Always fun to see videos of Dutchies being good tourists in other countries.
Reported for Aimbotting
You dropped this
I think it's time we come to grips with the fact that this team isn't good enough to win 120 games.
PSU is what determines performance though.
Why would I play that bugfest that will never be released when I can play that seamless MMO with persistence called LOD...
"Yes, ""holy war"" is exactly what we want..."
"don't worry, if you're white and upper-middle class it will likely never happen."
"Cmon man he totally woulda avoided the knee if he was looking forward at the ball instead of whining to his teammate for his ""defense"" on Dragic."
"Yep, they're just escaping from all the opportunities in Eastern Europe."
"I hope not because Woody spent a few years to finally get wings off the show so he could take more of the ad money, unless you want lefty to fall victim to the money whore that is woody lets hope not."
Because rushing 6 worked so well the last time.
Should have slaughtered the tourists.
I never would have guessed that Mary-Kate Olsen and Tia Mowry had twin sisters
Better arm us now
How dare the people of this state believe that abortion is infanticide; the nerve!
I hear that place is full of Bungie shills
and that makes... TOTAL sense.
"also no WWECW reigns, even Ezekiel Jackson had one!"
Hover your finger over the screen and let us know.
But all women are the same and always vote for the same thing!
Because we've already given them the shortest month of the year and that's not good enough.
Patch 19.2 - Vault is inactive while being upgraded.
cqc ex scrub
"As you order, chief."
Egual rights means being forced to die in combat like the men have always done.
So you're blaming this all on Taylor Swift?
downvoted for being against white people like me
"that would make too much sense, and give the user too much flexibility"
Better murders on the streets than revolutionaries at the parliament!
A muslim atheist socialist dictator weakling of a president.
"But, but... me me me me me."
No because they're racists and they already have a ton of privilege
Woooo just what I need to pay more taxes!
BLM
TIL Financial Endowments won't work in Canada because we have a larger population.
obviously she was mentally handicapped.
It's almost as if the developers cater to the end users :O
Typical socialists looking for handouts.
Hey they need to fund all their new research
"With a name like that, I would expect a pretty good game!"
"Hey you're a Thunder fan, get out, it's your fault the calls were made the way they were"
Because people care so much about the singleplayer
But those kids are sooooooo lucky.
At least you'll be able to blame the drops in frame rate on the garbage collector
Not if they oppose the west.
Well that's just your opinion.
"Not if he's gonna be killed, obviously."
"Wow, amazing response."
Thanks Obama.
"ok then, must be my imagination that my game is completely smooth and without issues."
"It's a good thing then, that there is no demand for silver, as shown by the low prices."
Now don't be stupid and vote for hrc and the people she surrounds herself if she wins the nomination.
yeah vecause babies are practically frat-boy sex maniacs
In that case it's time to ban all bitcoin.
i guess they'd the first people doing illegal things on the internet
"Yep, someone making a throwaway or an alternate account is always evidence of a corporate shill."
Yvan eht Nioj.
WHOA TOO FAR
"what, brandon tate and taylor mays don't count?"
"Oh yeah, the ACA has done wonders, eh?"
If there's one thing I've learned from reddit it's that you should take social advice from it and if there's conflicting things comments just take the highest voted one
nice dillon francis reference
But but we should spend a shit ton of money rehabilitating these scum then release them and cross our fingers that they don't reoffend!
free space case with every order
That's the kind of business skills we need in Washington!
"1 turnover and 2 fouls tho, smh what a scrub"
You should try playing league of legends then
Um.. yea.. this is normal.
Like *that* would happen.
but it's not sexism if it's against males
Whoa whoa buddy that ain't a console
"Ahh yes, those pre-Mandal days when we had nothing to stop us from proudly declaring supremacy..."
Yeah I love reckless plays that injure players on both teams
Because it's so much better now!
Says the guy without gold!
"Buy packs, immediate return on investment."
Obviously using a packet flooder.
"Sure they do, they're people now remember?"
Because SP is the main factor in getting into a community corp based around Reddit.
"um... but its on r/thatHappened it obviously happened, we just need to figure out HOW."
"Is this your professional recommendation, or are you speaking from your own personal experience?"
Naww we just have to assume that because they were black they are perfect model citizens and the police are just racists!
"Wow, he's the best of all time on the mic"
Sure you were.
"Unpossible, it's webscale in the cloud!"
Devil's cove still exists?
As opposed to when you ban when you're last pick
"Wait a minute, the Iranian govt said this was a hoax."
You know car manufacturers don't cater to the American public because I cant put my 64oz Big Gulp in the cup holder
"Oh, that must be why so many cops are fired or jailed for violating rights and killing innocents, right?"
***harambe meme*** Might as well end my life
I'm more impressed by that guy's perfect recollection of a ten-minute long conversation.
Never had that thought ever when I looked at the cookout cups and bags.
"Yeah, the area around RIT is really ghetto."
Comment of the day right here
*SHES A DISGRACE TO WOMEN EVERYWHERE*
They forgot to mention SAFER Barrier
"Come on, don't we want motherboards with serial and parallel ports?"
and no one can afford to eat there...
"Did you liked it, you little slut?"
SHILL!
Life is so hard for people on your still gorgeous boating lake.
This is the reason why tickets take so long?
"That sucks man, you should have more taken out of your check every week so you can get a big refund come tax time."
"But they turn their hazards on, that makes it ok right?"
"No, What makes you say that?"
This car is fire!
Secret Muslim.
"I mean that was *past* Trump, not *present* Trump, who said those things."
Clearly this budding young rapist needs to be thrown in prison and the key thrown away!
Not an expert... But maybe eating something sweet would make you feel better about yourself?
But but but I have a few stacks of chromes and only want 6 off colours on my Regalia.
AR- Vector Sub-Vector
It's not my job to educate you shitlord!
Gotta save their stud lobster for those quality teams
But anger isn't an emotion!
Does this rule out the Edmonton trade?
But.. but.. Trump is going to make America *great* again!
*learnt
"Nah, just roll over and take it like a good little boy."
"Because, you know, when you beat children you want to make sure there aren't any girls among them."
But but but he's in a gun free zone!
Oh what a steal!
Atleast you can paint your Penguins yellow and pretend riding them.
"But they're all so stupid and crazy, they've never been right about anything and all of their theories are completely baseless!"
he's watching the twitch stream
Pretty sure it's a rottweiler
But... What about the all the accidental click money?
"Probably the people who bring Twitch viewership to Hearthstone, I could be way off base here though who knows."
I trust Obama to keep his word.
"It's a coup!, OMG, for the love of god, bitcoin is doomed!, sell all your coins."
You are obviously a terrorist.
He used the Hanzo line 0/10
"Yeah, because candid images from random websites are ALWAYS fake."
"Yeah, women's suffrage was just a fad anyways."
he's not out because his eyes are still open
4e 2/10
Let me tell you there is nothing sexier than a secure and confident woman....
"OP, did you have time to bake a cake for the pity party he tried to throw for himself?"
Pretty much GOAT ran into some bad luck and now he's just used as a joke
Because teams who don't stream much or at all clearly don't have a popular following.
"Right, the millions of people who gathered to mourn him think he was a shitty leader"
Why don't we just ask Al Gore?
I didn't know it applied to fiction!
"Doesn't count, spotter was almost pulling him up!"
"Sorry... when you say ""solution"" in such a way, I don't touch it, and just leave it to Austrians and Germans.. I'm sure everybody else will just have to go along with what you guys do."
"I agreed with everything your said, but you mentioned god, and I'm an atheist so I'm going to vote Trump in protest of you."
"It gets her where all women should want to be, married, barefoot and pregnant."
Nice title.
I think the only logical response is to send them more equipment and ammunition!
just when I thought I didn't have enough sheep for my farm...damn.
"Looks like the new ""hacked"" page contains pretty much the same info"
"Ya know, with all the controversy over sexism in gaming that has been going on, the ONE collective opinion that I was REALLY hoping to hear from was 4chan."
I bet if Adrian and Christian go over and hug everyone at Renault they'd instantly find half a second in performance.
"Don't worry, these will probably get pulled too because they are uncomfortable"
Yeah damn I wish I had a few million saved up for when I got fired how on earth would I ever survive with that little amount if money.
It's cool he's just subtracting his alching fee from the market price
Maybe Riot doesn't know how to fix even one of the 19 bugs he has
Great title OP
"Ph yes of course, otherwise you'd be punishing financial success."
Probably not by Americans then.
Even if there were border guard would you really massacre the refugees who escape the living hell of Latvia?
I'm certain you could create a better one.
those suite life kids are complete trainwrecks
TIL the Earth orbits the Sun
Yeah adults shouldn't play games what the fuck is wrong with them
"Shea Weber is not doing a good job, Nashville won the trade"
NO WAY THOUGH I THOUGHT HE WOULD BLOW IT UP FOR ME AND HE'S NOT AND I WANNA BITCH ABOUT PROPER COACHING DECISIONS TO NOT GIVE THE ROOKIE A BILLION TOUCHES!
Shipping kills it
What a very constructive criticism.
"yep, if we're going to acknowledge the need for population control, cows would definitely be my first concern.."
console gamers are such experts we should all listen to them.
"Yeah, and Sandra Bullock was great in that movie."
You waive your right to nice things when you choose to live like a Mormon.
Yeah no one's ever heard of Timothy McVeigh.
"Oh yeah, being opposed to austerity is ""lefty loonie"" whereas being a dogmatic advocate of austerity politics is just rational common sense."
Keeps my hair soft
"If you don't have a $400 keyboard, an anodized aluminum mouse, $1800 pc, at least one 4K monitor and 2 1440P ones, a $700 lazy boy, and a complex set of trusses and braces mounting all of this at arms reach above the recliner, you are just an insignificant casual."
They can teach them to build camps; possibly near transportation junctions?
New DLC plan?
Racist
Yeah but ur cuting ur dik of lel
But in the courts of law people duel to the death!
Hate is always a good thing to base your decisions on...
"That's probably because you're high, man."
"Because all of the explosion cases in Hong Kong were caused by ""external heat"" rather than device/battery defects."
Well that's not better than the GR at all
I'm so sympathetic.
Rare Anti-Gravity Luigi
So that's where he got the idea of strapping a bomb to a balloon
I prefer natty light
"Good thing oil prices are high, and everyone out there can afford their mortgage payments!"
FIFA have to give something back to Brazil after stealing all that money.
I didn't see Instagram on the list.
"C'mon guys, the ancient Hebrews had slaves, why are there no slaves in Israel today?"
I read it in 8th grade English get with the times
You should sue the landlord for an unsafe building.
"Yeah, OP should totally ask how big his friend's dick is."
"Sung to the tune of ""Doctor Zayus"" from Planet of the Apes: The Musical, I assume."
Trump is very smart and knows good management that alone eliminates the national debt
"he knew bellemare was coming and he still kept his back to him, so he literally deserves to die"
Maybe they should start making trailer walls out of steel sheets then.
Every character that doesn't have Mov +1 could benefit from it
Yeah the sub is definitely much better when literally the first two pages are nothing but esports shit.
But but but someone has different taste than me!
I can only imagine 11 minutes of bad audio sync with no humor
"I know rite, evil scroogle, exacting patent royalties, suing competitors."
I knew he was a weeb with those goggles!
dude it was panda express and it happened twice get your facts straight
"So, you're saying they don't recognize Judaism?"
somebody should build a wall
just buy more shark cards goyim
"We're oppressed and abused, they are our white knights in shining armor - liberating us from the patriarchy!"
because it can't be seen in the picture.
"I'm surprised the OP showed some restraint and didn't photoshop a giant pair of round glasses and buck teeth on to the guy in the picture... Maybe a speech bubble with ""CHING CHONG CHANG!"""
But you see... it's about making more money and job creation!
"It might just be that ea, like everyone else, hates you."
"MRU e superpopular la toate alegerile la care a participat, evident trebuie sa fie acolo prin fiecare guvern."
but he's a gym rat
There's nothing strange or uncomfortable about that at all.
So we can write SKT names in it of course!
I heard that the Samsung Note 7 is the bomb.
Thank goodness the Reddiquette police is here to save the day!
"yeah, because the people who wrote the information in the leak are fine upstanding members of of our democracy"
Oh damn Draymond has a sweet step back 3
Hercules.
"Yeah but we all know its definitely the young people who are 100% evil, as it has always been."
Sound reasoning
Disney just needs to release three in the same year.
Well you are 3 hours before the east coast so you should have gotten it 3 hours before us.
Obviously the police coached him about the jacket but they forgot to tell him where it was.
"You misspelled ""MSM bias."""
Gotta love that bad thing / good thing penguin.
This thread of concern is not based on racism at all.
I'm sure this has really turned a lot of folks onto the Bernie campaign!
"According to Google, you make up to 2 liters/day!"
"Hey, it might work as a strategy to get him kicked out of office in the next election, what with idiot voters thinking he's a Dem because this image *clearly* says so."
We all know Protestants aren't Christians
yes because 90% of all welfare recipients have enough money to buy and use drugs regularly..
"b-bu-but that is why we need ""sancuary cities"""
Or if they renamed it SEC
"sitting in a plastic tub with heavily filtered and treated water is ""natural"""
"Even better, give Turkey (and Brazil) 3 spots each to worlds which reducing BOTH NA and EU to a WC region."
"Yea because you know, no other raid has lasted over a year and pvp has always been perfectly balanced."
"Your move, global warming."
"Wait, they aren't?"
Two things with something in common
'This is why we need a forgive feature'
"Yeah Japan, just clean it up already!"
are you saying its time for another one?
This is shocking
"You spelled ""google+"" wrong."
Yea because targeting ISiS is the only thing theyre going to do
Plant a tree for them so that when they grow big they can pay for their marriage with it.
Why do you need a wallbreaker when you have a Mega Wallbreaker?
good thing because diesel is so cheap right now
"lol, here, take some pity karma"
Ah yes r/donald... the most credible news source on the Internet.
Your being dramatic.
"Well you see, he's not a *real* black man, because he doesn't support policies that will help black people or that black people agree with!"
That's the spirit!
"Yes, because that happens in EVERY normal game."
"Yeah, my government orchestrated water is killing me."
"Hey, you can get 2 Kias for the inflation adjusted price of that Ford."
I like to use it to melt the ice on my driveway
"But I thought cutting off parts of my body that don't feel right was the way to go, you mean I should keep all of my appendages if they aren't actually damaged?"
you forgot the
"We won without Krejci guys, we need to trade the bum!"
I think the Mick Jagger one is more historically accurate
"Exercising makes mah condishuns worse, shitlord!"
I'm glad they spent valuable time debating how to change and then implementing that change on the skyhorn kite and brulfist idol rather than addressing key gameplay issues.
Arch linux
TIL Chris O'Dowd is a woman.
Cause there are so few of us
At least it's not a 5-7 year contract.
thats pretty racist
"But, but OP he enjoys potatoes, think of all te tubers you missed out on D:"
"FUCKING UGLY THINGS, FUCKING BANISH THESE THINGS FROM LIFE LIKE WINDMILLS"
I doubt you know much about SSB
"Who needs factual evidence when you have skewed, bitter anecdotes!"
Yea rashford is real quality
"Oh sure, blame the teachers"
Because zulrah is hard
Better get those reports from Kyev post or Radio Svoboda where they reported this as false flag attack I guess.
"Yes, because men don't have an active part in causing pregnancy!"
BUT BUT BUT I THOUGHT YOU COULD IGNORE PRIVATE LOAN DEBT UNTIL THEY CALL YOU AND BEG YOU TO PAY BACK HALF OF IT WITH NO REPERCUSSIONS!
Denial LAN?
I think the solution to this is spending more money on sports and security and administrators that want to blindly push technology just for technology's sake.
Are you being sarcastic?
It's all the FUCKING WHITE MALE'S fault
"He got 4 y's in his ""hey,"" so I think it's safe to ask if she has a boyfriend."
There you go:
NO FUCK ESPN FOR LITERALLY EVERYTHING THEY DO.
His first bond was clearly ramen
"When I lived in South Delta, there were lots of people who moved there from the UK/Hong Kong... But they don't count because they're white and speak English, right?"
Seems legit.
Also known as *Celsius 250* outside the US.
"Where is all the money, bling, and sex appeal of most music videos?"
You forgot that an uncle tom counts as a white person.
Im sure the NYC sanitation department is fucking stoked about this
"Wow, the youth of today actually wants to have fun, what the hell is wrong with those freaks?"
Looks like I got my dick out for nothing then...
You may need this:
"Excuse you, I'm *very* safe about putting caustic solvents on some of the most delicate skin in my body!"
That trigger discipline...
Yeah blame the everyday german for Merkel going completely insane.Yeah everyone could have predicted that.
"We need more female waterboarders, for equality."
At making my child autistic
Yeah that seems legit.
NOT WORTH IT
We don't build our houses out of wood so I don't know
"Nope, good find !"
"Didn't you know, women are pieces of meat and you can do whatever you want to them as long as it falls short of something criminal"
So fuck those lucky Mets huh?
I actually perfer this one now
"""Something something exploitation."""
"Just part of their culture guys, nothing to see here."
Yeah but white guilt and reparations
You forgot the
"How do you pronounce ""Anythjng""?"
"Because 16 bit isn't old, just misunderstood"
You are missing a real charmer there!
Yea we paid 10 mil for Schaub to ride the pine.
"Because when I'm making out with a girl, I'd rather not touch boobs."
Man and here I thought it was a website full of uploaded videos
Racist!
"nah I love it, lets stay in it forever, who even wants to go up?"
That's factual......
"I doubt she has any mortgages, tax problems, illegal immigrants stealing all jobs..."
Another One eyed cantab.
Who am I to argue with such flawless logic?
"PFF... Sounds like a shitty photographer to me, they're up at the altar and he's aside taking pictures of chickens!"
TIL you have to be this blatant to get away with not using a
"Yeah, FUCK people for being themselves and different from you!"
Clearly it's Fullscreen's fault
You forgot this:
So non nonexistent sex life :/
"He liked the new Ghostbusters so you know, what a prick."
They clearly meant not starving anorexics.
I... always thought they coexisted... with Jesus...
"If Breaking Bad took place in Texas, Walter White would just drink holy water until he dies"
"Gabe already took care of it, their boss was an ass and was fired....also they were fired too."
"Yes, because those are obviously the only people in history who were ever hung."
"Because the deep south has been a leader in education and educational standards for so, so long, and because charter schools have been shown in study after study to be superior to traditional public schools, right?"
Nah he just had a wash
All because she bought a candy bar
They are now martyrs to the revolution.
Last time I checked the enemy can see Zeus Ult in Fog too
Vermaelen because he can play DM
It's in color and the subject noticed the camera; not street photography.
"Thank god, after 2 years of waiting there is finally an alternative to SD!"
"He was asking for directions, coast guard was being dicks."
"Othaa/Benchod, r/bakchodi has 9 mods for 10% of the subscribers of r/india, won't question there but will ask this question here."
Obviously it's your attitude that keeps people from liking you; just be more confident in yourself
That's easy when you have the refs protecting him every down.
No I'm pretty sure that ambulance was driving 300 MPH
"""Vagina Voter"" indeed."
"Ya, I would rather be the person who thinks woman sleep around to promote their free games."
"I guess you don't like Northernlion that much, I thought you did!"
"Don't worry guys, McLaren is sandbagging, Q3 is still possible"
"No, this would just lower the skill level needed to play the game and not reward the true skill of the pros to search their inventory"
I wonder why
"Yeah, relating it to one of the most popular series in a generation is really good hurt its performance in the box office"
He seems nice.
Clearly a bunch of neo Nazi racists!
They still don't know the name of the anime they saw that day.
"Ugh, take a screenshot next time."
Only just now?
The hooker has to take street wages even though she is the best one for your job.
We're too much uneducated fucking white males
"Hey, us Irish are very competent and competitive when we're partying."
Please tag your post as a spoiler.
"but then if you can watch youtube and stream netflix, then you wont need foxtel"
Yeah push from behind on the fast break should be play on
Because the best way to ensure you get a well-built bridge is to pay the guys building it less.
But it looks like a rocket!
Such a well reasoned argument.
BUT CHI CHI JUST WANTED A SUCCESFULL SON SO THEN HE DIDNT FIGHT LIKE GOKUY WANTED THAT MAKES HER SUCHA A BAD MOM LIKE CMON GUYS
"Might have hit like 1 or 2 old ladies along the way, but c'mon, they were practically asleep on the crosswalk, can't say they didn't have it coming."
"At this point, since his team is stinking up the Texas Triangle, he might as well support the other Texas teams."
How completely unreasonable of you.
"They're obviously aren't our ""brothers,"" they're not white!"
And what does this have to do with bugs?
Cancer chemicals and water then.
"Keep trying to find the bad part, you know those scummy 1%ers just want to take more of your money!"
"I'm so glad that you are able to read my mind, because that is exactly my thought process..."
"I mean its not like the BCTF was ever demanding a $3,000 in massages, a $5,000 k signing bonus, and a top teacher salary of 91k, based entirely on seniority.... that never happened"
"So wait, it's not &lt;5% faster in real world Apples to apples comparisons?"
Should show this to people that does not think the E-sports is a physical sport!
Because this has everything to do with Atheism and absolutely anyone that is atheist is Democrat.
I think it's hilarious because Family Guy is so well known for its conservative values
I hate that Acquiesce only has 1 verse
"nah, the poor should get off their ass and work harder, give me the railguns."
TIL George Jetson was a pedophile
Photoshop!
It worked for Steve jobs
They're all faking
Hey guys did you here about the brand new Samsung Galaxy galaxy.
That's what you get for being poor!
I wonder what generous parental leave he provides employees with.
This is totally the same thing as assault
"But, but, cheaper, installed faster, better!"
You mean Trump University?
"Hey, stop being racist!"
"Wow, you must hate CNBC then."
Actually it's blue and black.
"it couldn't possibly be that some people just don't like the game, no, it's only people who preemptively abandon it out of fear that people will abandon it."
RUINED
There are no chairs to hurl viciously at innocent establishment dems is why
Everyone knows that crossing guards are pedophiles.
"Hahaha use my code ""sorrystrike"""
I forgot to put:
GOD SHOOT LIKE A MAN.
look at that inclusionary zoning at work!
An entire team of diamond players won worlds at one point.
Yeah we should be able to fire people for being black!
"Yeah dude, it's not like the hiatuses have happened before or anything."
"13x2-4x3=14 The answer is so obvious, dude."
"That's not *fresh*, that's *filtered*"
sexist!
So basically you want a man that will always be there to hold your earrings for you while you cut a bitch?
"See, it mentioned religion somewhere in the image once or twice I think."
"Man fluttershy must be a whore, she's with everyone these days."
"but that doesn't help his argument, so therefore untrue."
Damn Abbott was right that damn Obama's letting hundred of thousands of refugees in indiscriminately...
Stans aren't played out
Because obviously there's a direct positive correlation between looks and talent on the field.
Change your language to one that doesn't have Cortana
OMG SUSPENSE IS KILLING ME
but your only reason for living is to serve me!
"Yo, its a *metaphor*, bro."
"For real, 2/5 Koreans true EU team"
"And if you don't vote for him, you're Islamophobic!"
we gotta stay hip somehow though
"Well, it sounds like he had a perfectly nice weekend planned out for you two..."
Well that was unexpected...
But of course
Yeah he has amazing acting ability and can definitely pull off a French accent
Well ya but he didn't win the world cup too
I guess they figure its ok since Obama's takin away the guns anyway.
But there's no pahrking down dere...and its unsafe!
That is what he gets for making the fat security guard run.
It worked for Downton Abbey!
This is definitely downvote worthy.
Ahh yes I am a huge fan of the Paul Revere administration
"Good job, man, your art was *obviously* way more important than having fans."
You're supposed to ask for forgiveness because you are a male.
"She can't be too harsh, remember she's a woman and should have more of an inquisitive approach."
"Yes, because measuring players against one another while they are being in different teams, regions and roles while also pulling off a *team* game is going to be so accurate."
But consoles don't pirate.
"Exactly, everyone knows optimal crossfire scaling is at it's peak at 17 cards, 22 hits diminishing returns."
Yeah they are totally not implants.
Take an xbox controller in your left hand and mouse in your right hand for ultimate fps experience.
Why be so passive aggressive?
"Yeah, what a bastard; only Christianity is true religion!"
"Omg even if shes overweight and u dont find her attractive u should like her, you shallow pig"
It-it's the l-long con.
Rip cod
His Toy Bonnie X Foxy picture was a work of art though.
"Stop playing video games, the will turn you into a violent criminal"
"Remember everyone, both parties are exactly the same."
Yaaaaa more Bat God stuff
The customer is always right!
Didn't you know that questioning Clinton's health makes you a misogynist?
Good thing League Pass exists
"Dont want, he'll stifle Elfrid's growth."
He simply identified himself as a woman and has every right to use the women's restroom
Tequila had to have Mexican overtones...tsk.
"With web design like that, I definitely want them to design my advertising campaign."
Definitely *NOT* sticking my dick in there
"So, when he retires as a Cowboy..."
sry eglis tu compleks pls dum don vry smatr nerde
"Ha, that sure was funny and clever"
You idiot that's politics
"I don't know man, I think he looks more like Ron Perlman than Clay from SOA"
Like all of Paul Feig and Melissa McCarthy's movies...
Yes.... Tasty Spring Water ICE....
"Jesus forgave him already guys, it's all good."
"Yeah, but all the ""#yumyum"" cancels out the regret!"
"Yep, us meat-eaters are fucking terrible people for sure."
Because arresting black protestors is racist!
But all he does is win
"But abortion only affects women, It's not like little boys get killed!"
"I mean, it's not like it's super easy to differentiate between harmless mods and mods that allow ridiculous cheating and corruption of other player's save files, right?"
How can you bench someone on a big winning streak like Cassel?
Go to town on it then cosplay as a zombie
it's not fair to console players if we get extra big stuff like interiors.
DAE have advice on not being toxic XD I want to chase my challenjour dreams but my teams in bronze always FUCKING FEED
But LVP is perfect!
Just listen to the radio for five minutes and you'll hear all three of them!
Nah... Natives are just people who were in America and then gifted their land to the Europeans on Thanksgiving and went on their merry way
"No, he literally played perfect and shaman is literally unkillable."
"It's Lesser Dog, get ur dogs right u heathen"
Wow you sound like such a nice guy...
I'm gonna be a kernel panic!
"True progressives vote republican, everyone knows that!"
Bernie was born a poor black child...
I'd personally recommend an airport bathroom.
It's not pointless if you're the motherfucking **Batman**.
He's scared to watch it.
"You're right, the people at your local store gave you a bad experience, the whole company must really suck ass."
Glad to see they really spread those stations out.
"Yeah, sure"
Because this is the first time you called.
"Hey Brad, time to drown yourself in work and get a role in the DCEU"
"The baby gets in the way, duh."
Maybe they thought that throwing a new offensive scheme at a rookie QB would make him grow faster?
I should have added an
The reason God didn't is because if he did Ben Carson couldn't make any analogies.
Ya so glad they let us pick between those two
Because he's a black Kenyan soshulist Nazi usurper who wants to take all our guns and bring us under Marxism.
Innovative I know
YOUR WRONG.
Found the racist.
Goddamn Mormons messing everything up
go into the kitchen and get a cooking pot.
Remove him entirely.
Concert mode.
"If you are gonna miss that badly with your offhand, you might as well cut it off."
Final Fantasy War Tactics
"Nope, Obama told us it's not a proxy war...."
Man those Amish sure like to bomb stuff
"Hehe, now that was true"
But at least I have my freedom
Broadway is so Punk Rock though!
"This is reddit, we cant give credit because it was le 90s."
That'll make the tent wider...
Eh.. God duh
How romantic.
FUck you
TAKE THAT ATHEISTS!
Blatant racism right there!
"But they'll totally win wars, guys!"
"Tag your porn as NSFW, please"
it was great seeing you get rekt
But they still cure cancers right?
we all know you laughed so hard and I'll be getting that game
So you're getting baptized now?
Please don't PM me a link!
well many chineses have no problem to sell their kidneys for iphones and whatsnot
Why do we have to thank them for a feature that should already be in the game which we paid a full price for?
Because a bowling ball has finger holes
Clearly you must hate yourself
90% of the time when I approach a 4 way stop sign in a quiet residential area there's no one around so I just blow through it - seems to be the most convenient thing to do.
"Inderdaad, fuck die stomme kinderen!"
why can't she just stare at her phone like a normal person?
totally makes sense
The war on drugs is a success and the DEA have done their job!
I like your sarcasm.
I hate people like you.
You owe me and everyone who believes what I do an apology for believing what you believe and expressing it
Yeah it's bizarre that they dare putting new content/items/features in a paid expansion!
"No, that's not a *real* FPS, because it's a Nintendo game!"
You seem like a really nice person.
"C'mon, aces get 7!"
"Fuckin' Costello in his Red Sox hat, what a piece of shit"
Yea cause 99 Tahoes had Triton motors right?
"Because obviously if something contains beauty, physically or otherwise, it had to be created by God, proof I tell you!"
"Ah yes - ""both parties are the same"""
nah dude uefalona
"Bullshit, all the best clans recruit from public games!"
That keyboard/touchpad device should be real productive.
yeah the Amazon search is definitely never wrong and will never return matches that has no relevance to what you are looking for ever
"Ya, it is really unfortunate that American history is so shallow and uncultured that we have to choose a trivial event like a historical wrestling match that broke social barriers between settlers and natives as a seal."
"Obviously with the 103mm it makes sense to run bionics, spall liner and enhanced suspension."
"My fiancee's comment: ""If they'd gotten into a better bowl they would have tried harder."""
"you dropped this,"
nerd alert
This is gonna be a fun Olympics.
Jesus Christ yeah no one can be ever be genuine unless they agree with me on all things
Now I'm going to stop using it because of that!
"Surely nothing like this would ever happen with Hillary in office, because she knows how to get stuff done."
"Oh no, I think your mistaken I score my anime in reverse so a 1 actually means a 10"
Chaox
It's actually painted on
"Patriarchy made her do it, make her president at once you cis scum."
"What Dissociative does 3meopcpnumberonefan recommend... Idk, probably Ketamine."
"Don't forget the teacher's a FEMALE, you guys!"
"Hey, the Republican party is important, it keeps the government's hands off my Medicaid."
"deer charlie, fuck yoself XDDDDDDDDD"
HE SHOULD HAVE JUST MINDED HIS OWN BUSINESS!
Then add it!
Runecrafting
"Oh geez that would have been a perfect time to take a picture, i don't think anyone brought a camera though"
Este es el problema con el gobierno paternalista... uno quiere laburar y le meten trabas por todos lados.
Don't tell me how to life my life!
But opinions like 'nuke the cockroaches' and 'these un-evolved people' are things that we can post online.
Don't forget the fedora!
President duterte is the what number of president?
Yea dui at 21 means when someone is 40 they should be denied entry
DONT CALL HER THAT!
THE MATH JUST DOESN'T ADD UP MAN.
"Wouldn't Asomugha be a ""Dream Team"" Eagles Great?"
"Hey, hey, heeeyyyy... calm down."
"In Highschool, there were so many times where in History Class where we learned of the beliefs of Christanity and Jesus, and how it impacted the Roman Empire and spread around the world, they also taught is in World History about why the Puritans came to America etc.....When the same happens in a Public school to Islam.....well... Yes, I think it's time to file a lawsuit - ""Public School forced my child to convert to Christanity""."
BUT HE'S A PIECE OF SHIT OFF THE FIELD AND IT MAKES ME NOT WANT TO CHEER FOR HIM BUT HE'S A GOOD PLAYER SO I WANT TO BUT I DON'T KNOW HOW TO EMOTION
He hired a woman so he could pay her less than a man
Hooray dual core snapdragon S4s
"Nice video, no POV, 10/10."
The sign CLEARLY says opening soon!
"I don't know man, Blacker the Berry doesn't have shit on Blank Space"
better add a
How anti Islamic of you.
"Dividing the player base on every server, sounds like a good idea"
And the Oscar goes to
i cant think of any recent examples
Isn't a foggy headlight when most Porsche owners sell and buy a new one?
"Girls don't go to the gym to work out, they go to be seen and be our eye candy"
DEFINITELY not having sex in the bathroom.
They oversized the heat sink just in case.
Are you trying to tell me you think your banana has more stopping power?
I heard Bernie Sanders voted against a bill that made it legal to sue knife manufacturers when their knives are used in mass amputations
Turn it into a smoothie and make them drink it.
Anti Zionist
"Yeah tonight was a totally boring episode, 2/10 no suspense, no action, would not watch again."
I'll be there with bells on.
I suppose he should be punished for having someone pull a gun on him.
If you can't get 2 for 1's you need to go back to the range
Perfect...teach kids to bring guns to school
"She's obviously distraught because he's a righteous man and will attain a skin of whiteness soon, meaning he'll lose those awesome moves too."
"So as long as I cheat and win and never get caught, I'm good?"
They can 1v1 me if they wanna talk shit bro.
Well you pay for it by laying off all public servants ... and then once we realize that UBI would pay out a ton of money to people who don't need it we means test it with the staff we don't have anymore because we laid them off ....
Because wasting 200 hours instead of 5 is soooo *noble*
But no one else is using it
That high dmg team comp with 3 infernal drakes definitely scripted
I probably should have put this:
Yeah should have put
Obviously Christians have a monopoly on love; any rejection of Christianity is inherently hateful
That makes him smart.
The system works.
My team either win or lose so the chances are 50%
*Teenager voice* Ugg... fine...
Yeah I'm not forgetting our excellent record last season either.
Oh man.. Millions
Don't you know cemeteries are prohibited to the living?
We all make mistakes and say the wrong thing.. he's really a very nice fellow trying to do what's best in the difficult role of most powerful dude on the Planet
"Yeah I bet that whole free tavern brawl feature was them price gouging and not creating fresh new weekly content for free-to-play players, it probably was super trivial to implement too"
dats racist!
"""Lol I piss on those few thousand dollars"" sounds about right"
"If it's too loud, you're too old!"
ahh missed the
That cash would have made up that other $.30 on the dollar.
He's just being real fam!
#comic sans master race
It's like they don't want the chargers to move.
you deserve it for oppressing their faith
"Well it makes sense given all the people, aside from ISIS, getting rich off of it."
An end to my meaningless life **CRAAAWLING IIIIN MY SKIIIIN**
Voldemort was Harry's father and they go magic Star Wars.
[Option C at the end]
"Of course we *do* care, but the shareholder value is way more important."
yeah man i really can't stand this 70 degree weather.
Luckily they upgraded to glorious nippon steel so they could use straight edged blades instead of curved ones.
"I have bad teeth, I must be a genius!"
OMG YOU USED THE WORD TOON TWICE IN THIS COMMENT DOWNVOTED
"More evidence showing we can trust corporations to do the right thing, be responsible, have accountability, etc."
Jump would NEVER do that
Fine make ME do the work
A God that requires this from you is certainly worthy of your worship.
The slomo grunt kills were epic
This is definitely 100% a quality post 10/10
Same goes for driving drunk
it's his first ammendment right to troll
"I'm sure after this statement and recent events in Ukraine, Russians in Baltics are much more welcome now."
"Yeah, all criminal defense lawyers are a plague on society then"
get some airpods
He's a sock puppet of his financial backers
"Yeah lets hurt the ufc by showing that those fighters cant pull numbers, it will probably be better for them."
tough choice
Don't attack their religious liberty!
Hopefully they'll be dry enough to smoke
good thing she has edmond to correct it
"I am still using dial up, you guys have it better."
Yea and that Canadians are making 80 cents to every Dollar compared to Americans!
Surely the unbiased news subs of reddit are for that!
"What, we don't *do it* for you?"
"No, it just invented *third-wave* feminism."
"yea, only takes like most your life"
Yeah we would have been better off with McCain or Romney
I'm sure his next cards were Rocket and Mirror and that's how he stopped it.
I dropped something.
You dont say!
Because Vice Presidents have *so* much power.
The bodycam footage is fake!
"I'm sure they'll find other markets for their products, I can already see how Germany, UK and US will rearm them self with Ukrainian produced weaponry."
Further evidence that the players are just speed bumps in Saban's quest for immortality
Semantics.
Because he knows he'll be mentioned in that thread and his ego isn't ready for it yet.
"""But rape culture isn't a real thing people!"""
Original.
"You do have to look out for other people, they're out to get you."
Don't want to rub off that wenton signature
"That's why 24fps is so cinematic, it lets your mind fill in the gaps!"
Remember that time you said you were just out with some friends but you we're actually fucking that one guy you had crush on from high school....wasn't that hilarious.
"Nor beer hall putsch, amirite?"
"Yeah, fuck them!"
she is obviously paid by big pharma to say those things
Because cheaters have standards.
It's not intolerant if only everyone just believed the same thing I do
But the supplies it takes makes it balanced!
"Oh no, my precious one second is now lost forever."
But he runs fast and can't help it
Because school is LITERALLY just a social gathering
"Well, to be fair, they're only alienating ~40% and endearing ~40% of their audience"
"Oh no, this is just Western opinion, let's be open minded and hear the alternate view of events!"
We Back!
Groundwater contamination has its consequences.
"Come on, you gotta send in the marine!"
I thought you were mostly in your teens now
"B-but I'm in bronze because my team is dragging me down, I should be Challenger!"
Wow so cissexist I literally can't even.
Factory recall!
"Nuh-uh, that's not how it works in GTA"
Quick some buddy kill him so he doesn't pick us to win next year.
hey they can't have us actually accruing high end items and more than 70 phoenix credits per day or we might accidentally get some usable kit from grinding every week
Your baby is an attention whore.
"There you are making your assumptions against ""His proven word"""
"That he only has one weakness, committing fouls"
Wow i thought i was the only one not sattisfied with the our clubs performance this season.
they should take the dog in for questioning
I'm already looking at draft prospects with all the money we'll save getting rid of Rose.
"Yeah, I was too... I don't know what these fools above me are talking about!"
"Yeah OP, why were you such an asshole?"
they invested in bitcoin
"It was me, Kain controlled by Golbez controlled by Zemus the whole time!"
Well math is a subset of economics so figuring out how much delta v to get to the mun is economics
you missed an
At least he's getting radiotherapy
"What are you talking about, this is just a hyper realistic interpretation of Vault boy with deadly amounts of rads."
"That's assault and she should be fired from her job, publicly shamed and jailed for a year minimum"
People need to write a strongly worded letter to their representatives.
"Yes, I'm sure that's *exactly* what she did."
Just like selling drugs!
username checks out
This changes *everything*.
"No wallbang, no upvote"
More clown headgear pls.
Not playing the alphas is just collected cuckery.
MonsterEnergyTM
Man seeing Goku in Smash really makes me wish that Ryu made it in.
"Yes, that was"
"Well, they *chose* to be homeless!"
or the same person...
"Hey I have 100M in the bank, what should I spent it on?"
"but its a swaggy hip and modern app, apps make everything better"
"because ""everything is an object"""
You forgot the
Nah it was a chimp not a grizzly!
That's never happened...
Yeah and it's not like Trump ever changes his views every three days
What refugees?
"This can't be right, all police are evil"
Well he's the marriage expert after all...
And I was so sure it was going to be intelligent conversation.
"Pssh, of course you sheep would believe those government lies."
"Just like you guys don't know how to show your emotions, you know nothing about hairstyles either."
The small dick/big truck thing NEVER gets old.
"It's not incompetence or bullshit, it's all because of those damn white and south Asian men!"
"Yes, because one kid can really represent a whole country."
Yeah the roster changes of seraph to Zion and dexter to xmithie didn't have anything to do with it.
It smells wonderful!
Wonderful use of language and straight to the point
Just another bug I've never seen in a COD game.
Oh well time to find a new game
"Yeah, but Hillary was just as bad."
Well now I feel confident in his ability to lead this country
That's imposible!
Nah Brady is just a system QB
Maybe they passed through it while Fast Traveling somewhere on the map...
a true model American.....
Your moms a pansy.
"No I don't, it's unbelievable because he's such a superhuman level of good right now."
His voice is so dreamy.
That sounds like fun and entertaining gameplay
Yeah those dirty lib Californians definitely shouldn't have their vote matter!
there are still only like 30 people up there... right?
"Come on, if a Democrat made the decision, it was obviously the wrong decision."
"If I will look like that, sign me up!"
"This is for the Leafs, right?"
Wow finally an idea that hasn't been suggested a thousand times!
Where did he let loose his companion?
Ask any cop about drugs - they'll give you a reasonable and non-biased answer backed up by hard science.
WHEEL OF JUSTICE!
CS:GO Please Gaben stattrak music kits!
That's because seeing a girls butt would cause all the males to go on an uncontrollable sexual rampage
Or switch the person's name to something other than Amber
"Before I looked at edgic I was sure that Lucy was going to win, but now edgic has ruined that for me"
the Hockey Sweater
TW: Waste of good nail polish :P
Fucking race traitors
"Dude you're supposed to explain them politely why they're wrong when they are about to decapitate with a steak knife,Duh!"
"Yeah, all dogs can do that."
Thanks to both of you for backing up your thoughts
Nos estas tratando de indios?
I'm pretty sure Islam is a country
uplay masterrace
But then how will we understand his agenda?
"Yeah, because you totally get more privilege as a trans woman than you do as a gay man."
that's what the new gun control laws are for.
They watch subtitles on tv to learn.
"""Yeah of course"" Come on, what other kind of question is there?"
Obviously a woman can't be a murderer!
"You have to be muslim to be a terrorist, duh"
We need Gurly!
Russian Bias!
"CLEEEEAAAARLY the only thing taken into account here was the race, nothing else, the white judge in Texas HAS to be racist, no other variables at play here AT all."
I think it needs more butter
"Yeah, because those are the only two options."
"Yeah, going medieval Catholic church on climate change skeptics is what this country is all about."
Typical cockroach answer
"Just reading ""Thug"" felt too real"
"Oh, this guy is probably a web developer."
I prefer Pakistan...oooooooh!
Good thing she has you White Knight to protect her from the jerks.
Capt Crunch intentionally cuts you up to allow the sugar to jump into your blood stream faster.
Diablo who?
Their guitarist was like...ok..
"But I saw a streamer play way too conservatively against it in a huge tournament and the patron player was able to do a huge combo because none of the pieces were forced out early, so obviously it was mad broken at all levels of play."
"Do away with speed limits,stop signs,traffic signals and turning signals."
still runs better than an xbox
"Yeah, the USA should have closed their borders and built a wall, that way a man born in New York who lived most of his life in Florida never would have been able to commit such an act on their soil."
This is what real police work is like: A lot of checking your email and waiting...
"Thats impressive for ilvl 270, i would like to see what kind of numbers ilvl 500+ can put out"
Would have fit if the Pure had a Snapdragon 810.
"yea bro, that car screams humble"
Because you can't have more then one team you are a fan of.
Are you trying to say Garry does these things with his kids ?
This can't be proved unless those women bring forward 4 male witnesses
But but **Y**ou **O**nly **L**ove **O**celote right ?
"damn man, day 458 is when the rewards start getting worth it"
Didn't think I'd need this
"Yea, he should have gotten medal of something!"
"Sure, and while we're at it let's make the self bleed never take you below 1 hp"
"it's fine really, i always rush sightstone and deepward the enemy jungle so if he ever shows up i always have time to put on the tether preemptively i don't remember missing the slow in crucial moments either, guess im just that good"
Low key haters trying to fuck with our cap space.
But you have to have faith that you're proven facts are actually true like I have faith in a god!
Not if you do it right.
"I'm bisexual and I've never heard this before, but I have called my partner's ass his ""shit pussy"", which he loves."
Definitely not the person's fault right for obliviously walking into traffic.
You mean to suggest that there are contradictions in the Bible?
A man magically stops being attracted to teenagers the moment he turns 18.
Just duck in and out of cover with a controller and let auto aim snap onto them
Get outta here wit yo' rusty pipe socialism!
"Clearly the nostalgia is weak in this one, cast them out!"
They are Americas team broseph
He drank out of the fountain from Tuck Everlasting at thirty years old.
TIL the 1977 500 was run in December
PATRIOTICS DUH U CUCK
Where's the gun?
"Hell, [a draenei rogue is pretty important to the Subtlety Artifact Quest.]"
Rossiter is clearly a superior player.
Yeah the introduction of Secret Paladin didn't shake up the meta
How do you dare to say that you xenophobic bastard!
Does he get all the games
The only reason I can't
"well, if it werent for those pesky democrats being unreasonable, there wouldve been no need for a shutdown, would there?"
Using a pseudonym!
Because hating ppl we've never met is unheard of.
Wow she must be a really cool person if she coulden't find a SINGLE person with a negative opinion of her..
Why not egg him on an flip him off?
"If rather do nothing myself, except mock others who do a small amount, to feel a little better about myself, but make the world slightly worse."
Well meme'd.
HE DISAGREES WITH OUR OPINIONS AND MAKES THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS OFF YOUTUBE WHAT A TWAT
"But without woodwinds, the people hundreds of feet away from the field are going to miss hearing those pretty flutes and clarinets!"
"Right off the bat, they're driving on the wrong side of the road... so..."
Yeah the people who invented Democracy did nothing to look up to
Nobody would like cubing because of how bad the Rubik's 4x4 is.
But they are helping the poor by trying to stop trump!
"Yes, because gifs were used in the nineties instead of videos..."
Good idea but then the number for me would have been 1 every time...
Yeah man when are they gonna put Paige in a title feud?
I'd still ticket those scum bags because they know the law.
someone finally realized all the power and money in the world doesnt matter if theres no one left alive to wield it over.
"You sure would have, tough guy."
Those chickens will really be living it up now in their new luxurious printer paper sized confinement!
Because everybody has an Apple product
"nah I'm willing to be that he would have helped Hitler had he shown a little strap, you know how weak willed men are"
"Come on guys, he's joking"
"If they put a pool in the Piazza, it would be."
But it was just an honorary position that meant nothing!
In a completely fair and unbiased primary!
You can't blame people if fat magically appears on their body due to their conditions and chemicals.
Well my daughter definitely loves me less since I've lost weight.
Mass opinion *is* typically correct
"Yeah, but i bet they cause autism."
Dude you're 17 years old how hard is it to keep track of your books
This is clearly Ralph Nader's fault.
time to ruin my rep
"Ah, that's your problem, you have a vagina."
Hilarious
Everything with opinion and anime together is neckbeardthing
_There were fights in Nisemonogatari?_
It's ok to hate people as long as they are hateful.
But I heard leaving the person you were shooting at alive during a robbery and just killing their husband that was protecting your original target then running away was the way to rob people?
"We get it, you vape"
"Well, you spent another 30 seconds commenting bout that .. GJ!"
Well guess I'm canceling my trip then
Yeah we fixed all those social issues from the 60s-80s and now being white certainly doesn't inherently benefit anyone.
Except Fascists weren't that bad to begin with.
HEY GUYS IT'S RICHARD LEWIS FUCK RICHARD LEWIS
"You mean, not everybody has their own plane?"
And all because he stopped drinking beer...
"No, see it doesn't count if things like this happen to Muslims."
How much will you pay me
But how could they all be in Amos' simulation?
But who is going to build roads?
"Yeah, residents are known for being super lazy!"
And help her stay awake since we all know she has narcolepsy
"Yeah, this *is* a cool picture, no doubt, but it really does not help me decide if I'd care to bang OP's Mum in the slightest..."
For now...
"So from this ""reference"" we could've know that there was going to be 4 games all along?Good discovery,because The Desolate Hope was made days before FNAF's release..."
"It's like people play the game for fun, what a bunch of scrubs!"
I forgot the
DAE hate everything?
Man what a giant slow un maneuvering brick the reaver is.
"Yeah, players should be able to celebrate however they want!"
Nah I'd wait till I got a new girlfriend and get her rhinoplasty when she was 5.
"But my kid is going to the show, he's the best on the team (at least I think so, not to mention we are in the lowest division of the league and we aren't that good, and my kid is 6)"
Good thing windows comes on a disc then
Just use the exefile.exe
Damn vikings
But I want to feel outraged now!
"Because infants should be pulling themselves up by their own, poopy bootstraps, of course!"
"Wow, what a great attitude to have"
Yes
Just so long as my Farmville crops don't wither.
I would love to import some of that glorious American freedom.
Don't worry I'm sure that none of these will be exclusives.
BRADY IS A CHEATER AND AARON RODGERS IS 100X BETTER
"Yes, why do the girls on girlsdoporn look like girls instead of women?"
"good thing, I am not getting bored of the never ending train of sorc healers"
"My apologies, I'll make it more clear next time."
duuuude its arrttt broooo you donnttt understand arttt brooo
Well the police Union is against it so it can't be all bad.
"However, if it is something bad enough to reject someone over, spread all the hate you can possibly imagine."
"Yes, because most Republicans are competing with immigrants for gardening and picking strawberry jobs."
But did you win?
You think only he can get the game to work?
then what's the point of being rich?
"all this transphobia going on, brotha"
"No, we can't have fun things in Halo."
"Yeah, because Riot Korea has access to military records of all of its players and when they're on active duty."
if only we had a beta to test that
"But...but it has le grill with a cup of tea and cozy slippers and netflix on the TV, so it must be cozy right ?"
Buying spins
Because Audiophial is a girl
"Yeah, he looks *so* upset being in that enclosure."
That ok though because Trumpeters need to be shown the light.
Something something ... your mother...something(implied sexual intercourse here)...last night...
You lost that:
I always knew it
I'm terrified now!
"Yeah, they shouldn't even bother bringing *any* jobs to the US, if they're not going to bring them all."
"Yeah, I guessed like 4"" for mine but it was 11.5"" ^"
"Yeah man, must've been her fault."
BUT THE EVIDENCE ITS SO CONVINCING BANNNNN HAMMERRRRR
oh that's funny
Baby raising or maybe something to do with clothes shopping or makeup girls like those things right?
Yeah I'll be the weird kid who uses and likes ancient technology
these are white people silly you can't get in trouble for shooting a black kid!
Like you have a wife!
"Yea, and fleener is a TE but he's had more rushing tds than Ingram lately... I didn't really think I needed to include the"
Looks like someone forgot the
But.. But... They're different party!
"Hmm you're right, never heard of a homeless person using a computer at a library."
Your gpu core is built on 32-bit architecture.
"But..., but..., something about business deregulation will solve everything."
Yea because you prep all those ways to get into a place before you even know that's the final location
And the Sandy Hook shooter was totally a student at the school who watched gun videos in the library and read Guns&amp;Ammo all the time.
"Well, I'm waiting..."
"Le alpha teaches us social interaction, listen up betas!"
Clearly an unbiased opinion...
Yeah they're jealous of DMC and his purple
"Can I get a source on this so called ""Mob Mentality"" please?"
"Heres another one you might find useful: If your head gets sore from laying on something hard, you can put something soft under it."
Isn't it weird that the Olympics are always on a leap year?
Yeah fuck personal liberty!
"Right, and if they refuse then they can just go die in a ditch, not coercive at all."
"Yeah, being down 28-3 really held him back on Sunday."
That standard is unheard of the United States...
Thanks for the passive aggressive post.
What a worthwhile read
"But moooooom, you choose to limit yourself."
"How about instead of focusing on things for low to mid level players, we release more shit for high and max level players?"
That's because you're a shill.
"That's silly, women don't think"
I love the smell of dead American soldiers in the morning.
"Come on, we already know the World Series opener won't be in Atlanta."
Lightsabers are phallic symbols.
"Then you shouldn't be able to remove your ass skin flakes, ass skin flake removal is murder!"
Well that's just about fucked up.... I suppose we should drown all animals that just act like animals..
Be greatful for all the new hats you greedy shit!
Better acid in the face than Godless Communism
After 2 plus years now of pay $1000 for this kickstarter a paid pre-alpha access pass doesn't feel so bad!
He's just allowing Darwinism to get back to work.
"The government, of course."
But... But... But... Porzingiz?
this joke never gets stale!
I think he missed the
the only way to not do 120mph and crash is to buy a 250 and atgatt
Being a first class diver could put him ahead of Messi..
"Oh, that funny joke again."
"Thank you for the words, mike, we couldn't have done it without you."
[thats what she said!!]
Another tool of the cultural Marxists.
"No knife skin, must be a haks"
herobrine is alredy in the game dum fuk
I guess i should have added an
beef is MURDER
Down voted for PHAT in a log
Obviously you're ashamed of your sexuality because why else would someone not want to sleep with him?
"Yea, because we haven't made any advances in hardware since the m7 was released."
"Wow I had no idea who In Flames were, thanks!"
*raises hand slowly*
"Yeah it is, I can do like 15 tabs."
"Fake, you don't have an iPhone"
"Yes, acting in your own self interest is pure greed."
"Totally earnt that, you should be proud"
You're just saying that because your a CUCK!
But the East has the top 3 teams in the league!
"no, he invented death panels &amp; wealth redistrubution."
We are the richest people on the planet for absolutely no good reason at all!
"You are supposed to kill the enemy team, not yours."
CNN reported that the towers were hit before a plane even flew into the first tower.
"Hey I'll have you know that democratically elected government were a bunch of demon commies, they deserved to be murdered and have their country ruined"
Much more partisan than a cross or a crescent
That house stealing beast!
I've always wanted to visit Alabama.
This is why we don't have women engineers.
That probably explains why China can not compete with western world industry either.
Says the guy with the puce car.
Because he's essential to our offense with those end arounds and short screen passes for 2 yards
"Oh yeah he could easily start on the Rams they don't have any pass rushers, if he doesn't start they're homophobic."
5 shot kill with a bal
kid get a life.
You forgot the
I'm sure they have their top welders on that job
"Yes, 2008-2016 has been sooooo stressful for the average American in comparison to past years"
"You don't get it, you only like your boobs because they get you male attention and it boosts your confidence."
Cut him
"""What's with the factorial?"""
"Yeah... it's sarcasm, I figured it was bad enough i didn't need the"
"You're right, he looks like he's in so much pain."
"Wow, I thought SOOOOOO many people would fall for it."
Depends on which end.
"""It's their fault for having shit security"""
Go back to r/PCMasterRace
Don't forget the
Stop leaving food on baby face.
Australia you say?
"That's not beer, that's evidence!"
you forgot the
"Why, the economy is absolutely booming in spain"
I'm sure he's offended by these lighthearted reddit comments.
I guess I can't really fault it
Tastes like regulations and fair treatment of its workers every bite... Damn commie ice cream!
"Yeah but all of those are 1.5 miles, therefore we must arbitrarily hate them."
*6.7km
"If general consensus regarding Unity is to be believed, he's *actually* pushing for 200 million *Debian* users in 4 years."
"No, we're all hardcore liberals here"
Can't spend morals on Dual Lands.
fuck you people and your math puns
"C'mon, why remove the BR if Trump can just downgrade it to its awful Halo 3 version?"
hahahahahaha
with this caste awareness you are right candidate for IAS.
Warriors are the only team that holds though
"Silly man, feminists never resort to shaming and hyperbole."
Everyone ages 1 minute per minute so that'd be pointless.
"Yeah, but 5/6 of the screen isn't taken up with a picture of flowers, so no thanks."
But think about what a great role model he would be for his children then!
No one wants to go to SE these days.
"Look at those good for nothing long haired miscreants, get off my lawn!"
"Yay, PS Plus in Europe is starting its downfall!"
"Yeah, having a presidential candidate that a large number people don't trust with nukes is clearly inconsequential..."
Just build full damage and hold left click like everyone else does
Gee... who would have thought.
"You're weird, because you aren't playing the game exactly like me."
Europes too progressive
The parents sure did a great job raising the little shit.
"Psh, I knew Romo wasn't clutch!"
"Well, at least the rule changed limited the number of injures this season."
But you didn't jailbreak and iphone.
And every other comment in this post is relevant.
Those 5s are skating shoes
"As an objective party, Gronk's was better."
dir *.pptx
Banned
But can it run Crisis 3 at ultra settings?
"But it's not a real Jeep, right?"
"No no, he just meant gay activists guys.. It's ok, he wasn't actually talking shit out his ass about gays..."
What a complete idiot
"""Let's make fun of people who are different from us and then ridicule them for building a community where they feel valued"" I don't see where that could go wrong"
"Times of Israel is very reliable source for news like this, and they are totally not warmongering"
Thanks for your input.
BUT GREN DAY R NOT TRU PUNK THEY R LE POSERZ
"Well, we can't have the flaws of the ""front runner"" and future president pointed out to the plebes, now can we?"
Everything NYCFC does is relevant because they're a dumpster fire
ritos fault for not having soundproof rooms for teams
its not like it matters who wins this game the kings will find some way to win the cup
"Because I'm also incredibly happy that Rick Scott won, right?"
BUT IT'S FREEEEEEEEEEEEEE YOU SILLY XBOX PLEIBS.
GOD ISN'T REAL DUBASS
"You're not an official Ana main until you have a reddit flair, smh"
But....I thought gameday only visits Alabama or LSU...
Goddamn male privilege!
It couldn't have anything to do with the fact that these last 8 years have been more driven by social media than in the past.
I love seeing Utah have a full roster and being a lottery team
"Yeah, don't we know that EVERYONE loves babies and if you DON'T want some of your very own, you're obviously ""broken"" somehow?"
we can't profit off of sin we need to destroy it and stuff
"Well after all, the prime meridian does run though America, doesn't it?"
Obviously he's a sexist towards everyone then.
This post gave me Cancer.
"Another day, another establishment shill"
But I thought everyone hated Hillary and Te more you see of her the more you hate her?
This has nothing to do with Islam you racists !
freak
Hahaha no of course not it's totally just a coincidence that the only hip-hop artists she likes are white
Well they weren't those damned pinko bastards.
"What are you talking about Russian military, this is very clearly Crimean Self Defense Force ))))))"
It's behind an F-150.
upload it to the shop so we can buy it.
Rondo: the definition of toughness
shit answer this ama sucks.
But it was SO worth it!
"It's not a Superhero movie, duh."
But then they'd get high too and we can't have that
Sounds to me like they financially gained a hundred bucks.
we'll be able to turn windows update back on!
"Don't forget to buy stickers though, 75% off!"
I'm sorry.
But the no fly list would have stopped San Bernardino!
inb4 switch is $500
They are projectionists after all.
"yup, seriously gonna miss the days of shitty players grabbing the sniper only to active down me 3 times in a row."
"Naw, I prefer my empty window panes to have a creepy radioactive glow."
You're not allowed to be happy for other people on Reddit!
"Sounds like they were the spoiled ones, getting to run around naked and what not"
Small club.
Get your penny shenanigans out of Freebies!
Hey man animated textures are cooooooll!
dammit bro use
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmm conspiracy.....
ALL THEY DO IS TURN LEFT WHAT A SHITTY SERIES
"I'm not jealous, I took the Megabus from NYC to DC the other day and it only took five hours!"
"But when you compare him to Olivia ""Literally Lenin"" Chow, he's actually left wing."
inb4 It was constructed for the peaceful purpose of transporting food.
"Huh, didn't know having a flag outside schools is a pledge of allegiance."
That's not taken out of context at all.
What a surprise on M5 being number 1!
But theres not as many MEGApixels!
Didn't you know that changing colors from Red to Magenta made the game literally unplayable?
Loving the new scan pulse!
Wow fuck you too mate
Asking modellers and concept artists to code the game sounds like a brilliant idea.
"If it has a white border it's optional, right?"
You fat shaming shitlord.
Cause all these legal gun owners are causing so much crime!
Sorry forgot some people don't get the sarcasm online without the
But shouldn't bearded people be arrested at the airport *before* boarding a plane?
Yes it did they became Presidents.
The viewer counts were low this game becase C9 fans weren't watching this major
"Easy, Just stop people from having kids, that never causes problems."
A subliminal message from cygames to get over your ranked anxiety
Enjoy your Xbox exclusive lag.
Because I believe in Adam and Eve but not Noah.
Rewrites are always improvements
But... But Christianity is the only real religion.
"Cause the ""cosmetic-ish"" store shop is obviously a pay to win shop."
UGH BUT MY TEAM MATES SUCK EVEN WHEN I TELL THEM TO STOP FEEDING LIKE STUPID BRONZE KIDDIES!
Because being trans or gay is *clearly* the same as pedophilia.
"Ahh, but I hear NortonTM is now available for macOS !"
You are taking the post of a self-proclaimed internet misogynist shitlord (me) and applying it to the whole.
Sarcasm is hard to recognize in text when you don't even use
Shut up you yellow bellied commie.
9Gag
That's sexist!
"We violate due process at Gitmo to foreigners, why not do the same here to Americans?"
It will be de_italy.
"Yes, because measles is always a minor illness, measles is the only thing we vaccinate against, and vaccines regularly cause diabetes, MS, asthma, etc..."
"Omg EoC is awful, play 07"
Yeah Walcott is defo better than Bale
Even though you've contributed to the thread I'm going to downvote you because I disagree.
why would (Israel) not welcome in an undisclosed number of UNKNOWN Muslims from an area that has long denounced Israel's very existence.... SHOCKING I know right?
"Gravity theory is something conjured up by experts to keep the plebs down, don't you know !"
"I don't know man, those blue hairs in Old Northeast are sure rowdy..."
They were just zipper merging!
Still runs cooler than a reference 290x amirite
I heard a prince of dubai just figure out stroke...
"If only more bystanders were packing, it would have fixed everything."
Do you wear burlap sacks?
TAKEN OUT OF CONTEXT
I think you dropped this
You mean people play the game for fun at that Elo because they don't really care about their Elo or stats?
turns out nip it still the best team ever
Great
Those republicans know how to party!
Shocker.
"""his home gets dirty, he moves out and builds a new one"" cause he's a nomad and he's dirty!"
Wear a suit to the PT test and shorts and t shirt to the written.
Because the definition of racism is institutional racism and individual racism is a myth
All regulation is created equal.
"yeah, it's totally him, it's not like some random dude could make a Twitter."
"Quality loss for A&amp;M, SEC is very deep this year"
Yea what Ted Cruz did was really honorable and not selfish or petty.
I guess I should have added a
If everyone got their $10 steaks on sale for $5 then the chefs would go out of business!
The quality of the comic is the best I've seen in my entire life.
"Yeah, let's see what more we can do to make him seem like Goldberg..."
maybe he failed at
"if you want well illustrated points, switch channels when amy schumer is on"
"A real bargain - If I pack my lunch next week, I can afford two of them"
Because Javascript's functions are obviously related the the word size of the host machine.
"Yup, should be murdered."
"Misandry is such a joke, you need power to oppress people."
Nope
Roger corman made like 5 movies with exactly the same plot as Shawshank Redemption except they starred women and were arguably way better
"Ya, because I totally want to download two apps to run one website."
I blame the Zionists...
"Fox gif, cool"
Basically - Fallout 4 has the same FOV scaling as TF2.
Maybe you'd get home faster if you stopped making time-lapse videos on your way home everyday
"Just like if you sent me into orbit a couple times, I'd be an astronaut"
But but it's because the poor people aren't working hard enough!
"Well at least they're thinking about it, that's all we can ask for at this point."
"and they're usually black and scary, so really it's ok if we make a few mistakes."
To be fair what are the chances of another boulder coming down right next to the other large boulder?
Combat effectiveness at every size
...the game hasn't been glitchy for me at all since the updates.
Those people will all teach themselves to be Android app programmers and so forth.
The animated series all the way!
"Yeah, we should lock everyone up for life."
Because being a prostitute means you cannot have civil liberties
"good thing we rushed the build, and made driving in this city intolerable, so that it would be ready at the same time as the trains"
NO YOU SUCK DIE IN IN A HOLE
Wow racism is cool
"It was RX 480, r u even watched computex bro ?"
EVERYTHING!
si... por que chespirito no se merece todo eso
The lower framerate is for a moar cinematic feel
"Daaaaaaang, get rekt Magno, whoever you are."
"Hummingbirds, some of the friendliest looking birds in the world, sureeee are creepy."
So grep's an antivirus program now?
Did you think that one up yourself?
"But the fappening was about women, and Hogan is a man!"
"Why not, they're not real people anyway."
Yea I bet the guys working the counter are shiftless lazy bastards who don't shave and just sit on the internet all day commenting on lolcats and not contributing to their local community.
Is this Bringer of Rain?
This is why the holocaust happened.
shut up eu cuck
wow those poor invaders their families should sue the shit out of the little fucker!
Yeah and we all know how well THAT worked out for them
"Wow, you can really tell how in touch he is with the average American"
It doesn't have to be valid if it's tough.
should've added the
WEST COAST BIAS
But my guy is one of the good ones!
You could try a Richard Dawkins mask.
Til Charleston style was a 50s dance style...
ps4 is more powerful because it has gddr5 faggot
"Oh someone using the Arc Cannon as intended, better do a YouTube video about it!"
yaay for a society that is built on a literal pyramid scheme of exponentially growing population!
"I think we can cut them some slack after those 6 or so straight weeks of amazing deals, right?"
I don't see this backfiring at all
Aren't ballistic umbrellas illegal?
everyone b/c everyone would do the same things
It's probably at least as complicated as making vive games work on the rift and as we all know that doesn't work
Probably using their coaches wall hack residue to get their info
No more South Park for her?
Apparently Tony Abbott is orchestrating this too.
"Wait, what are you talking about?CAs and Oceania are already merging, do you have a problem with that?"
"we can just get that for free if we want, we only have to walk into a bar and offer ourselves, everything's easy for us like that..."
"Claro... Porque en lugar de apuntar a una Epson que eran mas baratas, compran lo mas caro."
"It's all natural, how can you not like the taste"
"You mean you don't remember every little minute, boring detail of conversations you have at bars?"
Sounds fair to players that don't know how to set up commands for B Hopping
map madness event confirmed
How long was your safety stop?
Obligatory
Thats why the player numbers only know one way
"What, these people are only improving race relations."
hurr-durr hockey is canada's game team russia haz no class canada #1
They're built like an SEC team
Gravis and Monmouth are the best pollsters on Earth
Well if you can't boil it down you're just not trying hard enough.
"Is this one of those ""shreds"" videos?"
Time to slip up the tower with a big tube of crazy glue?
"Yep, saying women are on the mental level of children is *so not misogyny*, u guise."
"But I'm a reddit youtuber, I obviously have no life so I watch everything there is to watch, but since I watch everything, I can't remember everything correctly"
Sexism
"The one who gets fucked is hetero, the one doing it is clearly gay"
Stafford
A total stranger that disregarded my wishes and preferences and instead decided to tell me why he is the right man for me has changed my mind
We need to do a fundraising for that poor man
Yeah fuck Patch Adams
I think he meant
And Reid is slightly better than Shula.
That's because they were in slowmo
"Yeah stupid civilians, it's their fault that they didn't get bombed by the Israelis!"
Was going to insert pussy joke but I'm too classy for that.
Aren't the Dolphins teal?
Isn't it nice to see Christians and Muslims getting along?
"""Not only did she ask for it guys, but *she's* actually the perpetrator!"""
Muh Arab Spring!
The Kings must be showing up today!
Women can fight get over it
Looks like you're going to be a great parent to that bastard child
"intelligent design of course,"
"No statute of limitations in runescape, GG."
no man i love purposefully voicecracking on purpose all the way through covers with shitty kazoos in the background you just don't get my art
"am giants fan, can confirm i think about nothing besides wishing i were a dodger fan...."
"Wait, you didnt accept exposure as an adequate form of compensation?"
A pervert is someone whose sexual values or practices are different from mine.
but Super Bowl is one weekend event
Because OKC refs
Well they live in a trailer so everything they do is automatically trashy
I didn't realize we're siding with Hamas and thinking it's totally ok!
Do you think she knows?
If you have a decent pc and you don't care so much about ethics [you can always emulate it]
Which is why you vote UKIP.
"No man, he's totally right and not just a fucking twat."
"They want to show how much dedication and skill it takes to make the worst MAX in the game work, isn't that obvious?"
Filthy Casual
"But if you read my 15 page essay, my dissertation on power levels and the proof of the Injustice video game, you'll learn that the real winner is Aquaman."
Flawless logic as i expected it from this sub .
"That's my point, it's clearly"
Dana doesn't fucking flipflop you jack off
"Yes, because the government has been the saint in this all along."
It's coming from EU where dd/mm/yy is used instead of mm/dd/yy.
It's that damn rap music destroying the youth I tell ya!
But he has a petition!
"Psh, he probably didn't even have a degree!"
The ontological argument shown is so convincing that I am now a die hard Christian.
"Because a super raw, mediocre offensive rookie is really gonna push them over the edge this year"
"But, but critical thinking !"
Civil infraction murder?
"Why would they when they have snipers like linden vey, Chris Higgins, jannik Hansen, Derek Dorsett, and brad Richardson?"
"Clean water, cars that dont blow up, and hot dogs with no fingers of workers , are so just not worth it."
Outplayed
OMG YOU SHOULD TOTALLY SUE.
I can't believe this hasn't been done before!
Lol woody completely gave up and wrote like a god
"Yes, Messi is not good enough to be appreciated."
Wonder if it has anything to do with what Trump said about POWs?
That's a great title.
"oh yeah, because the Civilization series is known for being very historically accurate"
There must be if someone put up a website.
Or because it's in English.
And black people can't be racists.
so unlike reddit?
shit man forgot the
Well I mean it is about a cult
"That's something for the OK legislature to take care of, and cracking down on queers and abortion clinics is far more important."
The CIA would never lie!
Fallout 4
""" So is part of Russia, yes?"""
"ah yes, no hypocrisy here."
"But people don't die from guns in places with lots of guns, don'tcha know."
Putin
"yeah this is what we lack here - body language ""expert"" because they are soooooo popular on TV , so why not here too amiright ?"
It has to be tyloo's best map if TL lost
edit :
Literally the coolest thing
M. Night deserve to die.
Top-Notch interviewing skills Ryan.
"I think it might be Ros, Ham, Vet at least a few times so we can look forward to that diversity."
Maybe you should check your network connection.
So is that your real name?
But minwax dark walnut makes everything look better!
Because of course any opinion that contravenes the hive is trolling.
I'm glad that the future workforce is not committed to their education or hard work
Because being on video camera totally makes it impossible to identify someone.
Mindgames in their purest form!
Get out with your sympathy
Don't forget to subscribe!
But it'll all be better when new renderer jesus comes to save us all right?
"Yes, I'm sure that will be their conclusion."
"Well clearly, the car was the driver!"
Time isn't scarce so how can you waste it
I hope he makes it.
He wants that sweet sweet Link Karma
It's like you can't have a party in Austin any more.
Taxed Enough Already!
"Ha, and that's why Sweden has maintained is glorious image with all its new muslim refugee inhabitants."
I thought it was just a v!
"At least we got Gerson for a steal of only 18 million, right?"
Because feminists don't take male rape seriously!
"True, rapists have a very strong sense of fashion and they would prefer a mini skirt over a nasty looking turtleneck."
"But books are controlled by the marxist-liberal bias, and don't allow me to kill people like video games do"
"brilliant, so loss of crores of public money by incompetence is ok as long as it isnt corruption"
"Well I mean he's Gallagher, he's hot shit"
He is so fucking cringeworthy with his JUST BLAZE.
I think you're missing a macroline.
They won't need their starting secondary when they play us
Of course they have to split it evenly...she lives there too!
"Yeah, keep using System.out.println, IDE are overratted anyway."
come on d00d didnt u know they are those super rare keys that drop from that one place
atmosphere tastes like sweet tarts though everyone knows that
You forgot the
Is neversickbecausehelivedinabubble_icez ok?
Nice to see you guys are keeping it classy.
"the layout, it's fantastic!"
"They are not working hard enough, obviously."
"2006, 2002 animation is too good for me."
"Yeah man he downvoted him, I'm afraid he might murder him next."
"Uh, his name's Pip Boy"
"""I was wearing the same thing as my white friends and they didn't let me in based on what I was wearing"" Yes, no way this is racism..."
People don't see the bias with a superman flair ;)
Time to go downvote some of your old posts
Thanks for the help man
"If [baolin21 = funny ] ; then Echo ""lol"" Else Echo ""that was dumb"" ""That was dumb"" Only people that think they are special and talk as if they are the only ones who use a widely known technology will get this."
Or stop giving in to the commies you filthy statist.
alcohol is bad amirite kids
Naaah it was a foul
Real Heroes!
The same kind of people who donate to Trump campaign.
"I like when I see Blue Moon listed as ""craft beer"" on the menu."
Fuck you for expressing your opinion have a downvote!
But he's a bust in fantasy football so clearly his team contributions don't matter
"Yeah, beaten wives are hilarious."
But how would they charge a ridiculous amount for an in game feature like such?
Stayed in lab until 1 AM twice this week because my experiments aren't working and I have no idea why... Isn't science great?
"Yea, Anime can't do a western/outlaw style, I mean Cowboy Bebop and Trigun were the worst."
Ah yes cops should just wait til criminals are good and ready to be arrested.
"That's no pickup, it's an Escort."
No it's the refs fault!
That diner does look pretty tasty
"Prepare the condoms, this one will be using them tonight."
I sleep easy at night knowing he doesn't have a private email server.
Obviously the title of his link is better!
"That plan to make her non-viable is in full swing, I see."
You don't remember her vocal cry to replace offshore drilling with onshore drilling to reduce the risk to the environment?
"Honestly, I'm more impressed that he was able to try it without a single fight."
"Yes, a schizophrenic child's hallucinations are very cool."
And then they wonder why would we ever want to go NC.. They are perfect parents that we are just soooo lucky to have....
Nvidia master race
MCR reunion tour confirmed
It's a known fact that every Nazi is a Trump supporter
bouncer or body guard
Racist.
Like there's no examples of anyone doing that before...
"But you work for a corporation, so aren't you just a shill for the koch brothers..?"
yeah lets underpay people even more
"Yeah, a good woman would have just accepted any taunt thrown at them"
Breitbart is the only reliable source these days.
Oh but's it's okay cause she totally was taking it for her diabetes way before it got declared illegal!
"Yes, the religion in which God becomes human (material) hates materiality."
When has a conservative billionaire owning media outlets ever gone wrong?
"You racist, greedy, hateful conservative."
"Perhaps it is time to move out of the parent's basement, so you don't have those awkward looks from mom while she's doing laundry."
IMO mankind is a cancer affecting the world
Can't wait for next year's version.
That's why we need fast lanes!
Everyone knows you can't get pregnant on your period.
"Guess ""big pharma"" finally completed its stranglehold on the US government!"
Cause destruction of the planet works wonders for the economy as well........
"Wow, can't believe they created a product based off an episode of Regular Show"
But it's old news.
Not enough 'mrakul
Wow I bet none of us figured that our
Aren't all Norwegians Liverpool fans?
are you trying to imply that women can't negotiate as well as men?
So he's the first openly gay player in a sport that actually matters?
Obviously Apple is telling you to quit your job.
Such iconic brands
didn't think I needed this:
Can we make both legal?
Absolutely he's a #2 or #3 GOAT caliber player
"Sure, that's why spies haven't ever used codes or code books."
damn Polish trying to steal our capital city!
"Because CEOs hire better lawyers, duh."
As long as it is DOT 4 antifreeze you should be fine.
"If he was good, he'd tune them out"
"Cause 0-2 years is beginner, 2-4 is intermediate, 5-9 is advanced, and 10+ is expert for all skills..."
There were men in the video.
ISIS Pharmaceuticals
Yeah because drinking totally makes you a bad person and condemns you to a life of shitty jobs.
Yeah it accomplished a lot
"As long as riot doesn't dictate players diet, everything is fiiiiiine"
Old white dudes fucked up the world so now we don't get to have opinions.
"Like I said last time (and the time before that...), more gun safety training is guaranteed to fix this recurring problem."
"Buff mei, checkmate"
because black people born in the middle east definitely aren't middle eastern
His reddit badge if proof enough
You dropped this:
Well you aren't a bitter fan boy at all.
Jalan menuju Negara Zikir!
"because teams have totally never stated in the past that they weren't going to do a roster change, then ended up doing a roster change"
It's best when you are the first kill it gets
"Couldn't find it in comment section, gracias!"
3 Warios.
I'll hop on my level 11
"Yes, this will severely hurt our quality of life."
Added like 20 horsepower brah I swear I smoked a stang like yesterday
yeah im sure waiting one more day will be hell on earth
But evil Thatcher closed the unprofitable coal mines so it must be the right thing to do
Free bags at no frills now?
Benghazi?
You don't support jobs?
I can show you skyrim...its been out for awhile.
"Yeah, i have never seen atoms."
That was shot entirely on green screen
"i feel like that would be a waste, but no it doesn't have any important files"
Because it's faked!
"Well if you were in American, you were on *vacation* in America, not holiday in America."
Physical escalation was totally justified
"Careful, joking is not allowed here :-P It's all doom and gloom"
Because taking birth control means you're a slut.
"""Hi, you don't speak for the Trans community, that's my job!"""
sagt der Klassenfeind
"""Honestly, if his main reason for not wanting to get married is that he'll get screwed in the divorce, that's a really sad statement on his view of life"" Yeah what an unfounded view, it's not like 50% of marriages end in divorce and women initiate 70% of them"
"As opposed to most other religions, which treat women with respect and equality."
"But... But, misogyny, and the patriarchy!"
"Oh gee, stop being such a *feminist* with huge princess complex's!"
......but what about the pay gap?
Yeah because knives fuck with your mind and all
It ain't cheating until caught!
"Am gay, can confirm we don't have any monogamous relationships."
Guys I don't think we're contenders yet we haven't beaten any good teams
Yea and watch minorities starve and old people die.
"Yeah, Destiny 2 is TOTALLY just a $30 expansion."
toxic plz report
So the real takeaway from this story is that the restaurant owner is obviously a greedy capitalist who can afford to pay his people more.
"Wait, Tiger Woods isn't superman?"
"Your opinion about who and who doesn't have mental disorders is so informed by ""facts""."
Oh you poor thing
Boy that stadium will be awesome the 2016 GC!
he's a top 3 AR
Well maybe we should!
"CLG DLIFT because he is so much better than any other ADC, especially Chaox."
"No dude even if someone as clean as Mother Theresa herself smoked a joint, she would instantly want to start injecting heroin."
"I wanted to participate in the public float of the power companies, but unfortunately I wasn't able to, as I didn't have kids at the time"
Theyre probably all mad that theres no dual audio.
It's so cringey that a politician would want to be liked by their constituents.
It sure is a good thing we have such a strong defensive pool to fall back on...
How about a one year deal?
That's too easy.. Gd thing he asked
"You're right, a champion doing well in one of the millions of games played daily means they have 0 issues and are perfectly balanced because if they were truly weak they would never physically be able to do well ever."
This totally wont feel like the character overload in Mortal Kombat Annihilation.
It's trance
"no, no one does."
"Damn guys, lets all downvote him for asking a question, that will teach him!"
Maybe *you* can't rock climb with gout...
"Bullshit, you'll just pull your gun out first cuz you're a pussy."
Because you have a meeting at 8:00am
"65 PAC , garbage, cut him in camp."
But he's *Kenyan* an *muslim* and and and *HUSSEIN*
"It's okay, you can trust him, after all, he *is* the serious **e**xpert"
At least these textbooks are sold at a reasonable price...
"""you weren't there man, you wouldn't understand!"""
"4 3 2 3 2 We're improving, next year just a 1-0 loss!"
Because helicopter kill farming on Wake Island is so hard
"""Real Rappers of Beverly Hills"" -- unite!"
It all makes sense now!
"Y'know, he just wasn't tall enough."
But can they be housed together?
Can't wait to see his massive contract
The band **Little Big** did a better job for Russia.
\#Tank4Matthews
are there any tips to not get half my fps while playing on it
Have had the same thing happen to me well playing arty... of course I was called a retard when people saw it.... not like it was out of my control or anything...
Evil Cultural Marxists did it...
Can't you comfort yourself knowing we'll have so much more sovereignty?
But reddit told me everyone is poor and being murdered by cops!
I can aim myself why shouldn't I be able of using a script for it?
will you be adding it to ssf2
"Oh no, I pointed out someone was making an unnecessary and overplayed joke, I'm such a toxic person"
"Oh no, not this shit again."
OMG gold noob
"*All genders*, you heteronormative shitlord."
As if a vegan would have any bones left!
"Too much toxic masculinity in wrestling, it's highly problematic."
Wow what a joke.....
Unpublished upside: If you're still running 2003 you won't have to patch it anymore as there will be no patches.
"Thanks, Obama!"
"Uhhh got me there, you outed me as a secret Trump supporter"
Which will cause a nuclear winter and he will have solved global warming
Following Christ's teachings I see.
totally our fault and not at all the fault of police officers who abuse and discriminate innocent people in our city.
"He only had a knife, why did the police have to shoot him?"
Maybe its a strategic tactic to get all of the other riders to think you're gonna stuff it every race so they steer clear of you?
Oh sorry did I forget the
Which are totally similar to banshee its GUI
How else would you ship shoes in OG box then?
What is the difference between a financial and critical flop anyways
"Subreddit called ""politics"" posting predominately one-sided attacks on a single candidate isn't biased...hmmm...TIL..."
I missed the
Sorry I should have put an
LOST
"Menurut fatwa MUI, dilarang menggunakan atribut dan hiasan agama lain bro."
Yeah my 2 inch betta makes a fine meal.
"Oh man, I hope it requires and always-on connection!"
But Elliot Rodger disproves all that.
PC Peasants
"Oh, it must be incredibly hard to be an excellent physicist such as yourself in this mediocre world."
"He must have just forgotten, only hillary has people who lie in the internet for her"
Because dying in the fetal position is so much better
"But in the end, all you do is press buttons, and your life has no meaning..."
Your headmates don't count.
There's an identical one parked right behind it!
How odd of you to think that
Try using your other brains
"C'mon, he's just trying to break past those PC barriers and show America what it's really like."
You got your women repellent?
But people should be smarter and KNOW from whom the Redemption is used from
She said that she made the costume.. but was it made recently for Venture Bros or did she finally come up with an excuse to share one of her many Nazi outfits?
Some antibiotics will help with that.
If you don't go down
yea i know..... i was just writing it like that .... cause you know... 4chan tly :3
"Ah, where my friends get all their lewd pictures, yes."
Tsssk you can't deny HAES with such a little sample like that.
"I have ADD, quit infringing on my free speech by forcing me to experience a slower mobile platform experience!"
#NO HUMAN IS ILLEGAL REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
It would have been much cheaper to just abort the fetus 3 months ago.
Then why did getting rid of her fix all the problems?
Like it's never happened before.
I hate it when my side piece doesn't want to make me his primary.
but those weren't REAL Frenchmen of course!
"My mechanic friend is often asked by super car owners to put drum brakes on their cars, I'm impressed he can afford them!"
You're not challenger why are you here please gtfo you're ruining my high ELO conversations.
But this fed yi got fed in **korea** *orgasm*
It does allow you to recharge it by Microwaving your device though!
"(61,7 lbs for the retards) *FTFY"
The Oilers?
I couldn't agree more!
forgot the
"sorry, forgot the"
What could go wrong?
"Why bother, you always miss them, it's like some weird space-time bend where the AMA always finishes 10 minutes before you arrive, even if you get there early."
"Yep, every country outside the EU has no debt whatsoever."
"Eh, close enough."
i think he dropped the
but they're adding plants to help you
"Just choose Warrior, there's your class security!"
"He's Irish, he's probably drunk"
Great article
"Look at that another male - dominated field, as if women can't be just as good if not better pedophiles ; it sickens me"
We won that fair and square.
There is no sarcasm on Internet without
TBH I would've used liquid nitrogen :P
but but but they didnt win the 1 flukey LAN this year
"Yea fuck you and your different opinion, eat downvotes scrub!"
No bro Italian league is the best defensively
What a great Advice Animal!
60 fps breaks the cinematic experience
"Because Trump is running against an ambitious woman, so we have to apply a double standard."
Felwinters?
physical violence directed towards men is hilarious!
Well he could've just not tried to overtake
Did Lyte give you this statistic?
Of *course* he is.
Yeah.. because it's totally unthinkable that the biggest news outlets within a corporatocracy are supporting corporate interests and are manipulated by corporations.
Road Hog XL for everything.
I have a great opportunity for you then friend.
Take that back dammit!
"It's just like SKINs, they take away precious game development time making and testing SKINs so we end up with stuff like Fozziesov."
"Just remember Donald hates women guys, there's to many women in that video"
"Uh, I must have missed the part where you blow a Krogan in ME3."
"Yeah, American redditors just *love* the drug war and don't think it causes any ill effects on society."
It's really great how well this synergises with the current tab targeting system!
"Kyle, I hate you lol."
Obviously it's a bot
For which I'm sure the Syrian criminal code calls for death by shelling...
Yeah well the UK had an empire so they are still bad!
He obvi hates women
How else am I going to heat rocks for camping?
Apple's guerrilla marketing has hit an all time low.
Knives are for cis scum.
"Well shit, it would have been awful if they charged full price, but giving a discount makes it all OK!"
autism
you forgot the
[Right after getting something for Fiora's treatment around the Fallen Arm]
Hahahahaha nice meme
Can someone explain the giant pro-Sanders bias here?
"Yeah, that's exactly how it works."
Maybe it's his homeworld being destroyed by Starkiller base.
"Right, and people who were against the holocaust were Jewish elitists was well..."
"They also brought in his twin brother, Sharthi Copley."
Actually all PC gamers are pirates
"Yeah, the T69 is such a terrible tank."
What a fucking white male
YOU SAID FROZEN YOU SHILL
Slaughtering civilians will definitely make people sympathetic to your cause
"No we don't, we already have Torts."
"Yeah, homosexuality and literally wanting to have sex with children is so similar."
Then they'd became Consuela Maria Conchita del Rio de Guadalupe Sanchez-Smith.
"Damn, I too like to lie on the Internet to make me look cool."
What is talent when you can have racial division?
"That's impossible, voter fraud doesn't exist!"
Because the conflict allows people to exploit the area for economic gain.
"Lets just let them have it, if we give them what they want they will stop eventually..."
"Call me crazy but I think the Stormtrooper will bite it but hey, that's just me."
The real value comes from grinding them hundreds of times in hopes of a rare drop that will allow you to grind it hundreds of times more!
#ed recovery Because binge eating is not an eating disorder
The potential to all in and get a kill/maximize a trade is not very important I guess.
Where's the
"And she wears makeup, she must starved for male attention"
i forgot the
"Yeah, plain old water after a sandwich, that sounds awesome, really makes a person tremble with anticipation of their lunch break in what I'm sure is also an exciting job."
"Yeah, treat people with a clear addiction problem like criminals, that'll fix the problem, just like it does with drug addicts"
"wow, a solid 8mbps down on preferred now!"
so thats how math works
Since when do we have to know what we're talking about to tell you pro's what to do?
FAKE NEWS
G4 confirmed to be cancelled
I feel so sorry for you.
Watch out for guys punching you in the back of the head!
forgot the
Remember these hardworking individuals need to have their pay doubled because they can't pay their bills.
well whatchagonna doaboutit?
"A homophobe turned out to be gay, no way!"
...I totally trust that this guy is not a robot.
Didn't happen if nobody saw it
Grime was good only when I and no one else liked it
Because he wants to know
God damn predictable women!
"Yes, like HALO or TLOU!"
"Can't wait for ""people"" to come and say that crooked politifact is lying on behalf of establishment"
Well it's fine for me so you might need to upgrade your service.
You swear you're not really an FBI agent?
"So give candy to children who are teething, got it."
Yup it's absolutely police harassment when you keep on breaking the law and the police keep on getting involved.
"Obviously, it's a baseball field under a circus tent."
"Yeah, why would anyone have a problem with a theocratic state of someone else's religion being declared on a country they live in?"
"Yeah, it's just a ""meaningless clump of cells"", but so traumatic to have it removed."
I believe the onion is yellow diamond theory
Lying: the key to any successful relationship.
"gig ethernet over barbed wire worked over a short distance, no reason this shoudl not work."
Yeah... But it's different when you have kids
I have a feeling he just forgot to put
"No, almost all of them were personally blocked by God."
looks at the size of those massive bones
"Now bro, clearly you've been playing Pokemon Go all of your life."
"Sorry, I didn't realise the Stanford Encyclopaedia of Philosophy was the canonical definition of the word for the English language."
Because toxic fumes are so much better right?
Sure I'll just send you over my credit card details - no problems I trust random strangers.
But that makes you a baaaad person!
"Someone else mentioned in the thread that the theater was a 'gun free' zone, so you know, no one can carry there."
Get out of here democrat
i paid for this game bungie should implement what i want!
"They want our spuds, spudless pagan fuckers"
I cannot believe your post doesn't have a
There are other BBC3 shows?
"No, it's from Star Wars ^^"
I bet it's a console.
That's racist
"Sure, everyone absolutely adored Fallout 4!"
But she's a hero.
Dude I'm 5 years old do you really wanna go to jail
How do you know she isn't a billionaire?
"Pfft, it's just a flattering angle."
Unions..... you commie.
Why would you ever need a turret in this game.
"Yeah, pretty sure you're the only one, you sick fuck."
"Dude, watching a film about terran fighting night elves is badass."
Yea giving out someones personal email to thousands of people so they can spam him is totally minor.
It's not real socialism!
And all statements are 100% true too.
You think?
XxXyolomasterXxX droppin some truth
"We know what all this means: Finally, Crysis at 60fps"
"Whew, I was worried our society might become LESS gun-obsessed."
Everyone knows your not allowed to celebrate victories if another team has more
Kim K got robbed and youre mean if you joke.
Wellllllllp It's not like any decent gaming PC can compare to the power of the great Xbox 360.
But Islam is not a race!
usa did this to bring nato against isis
You must be fun at parties.
"Thanks for reminding us that there is no symbolic shaming of kids going on when a perfectly good lunch is tossed to prove a point...or if there is shaming, it's no big deal."
You forgot your
Marcus Di Rollo
"Man it's all about that Colorado class bb, so op!"
California is the Northwest!
Dude do you even know how to longboard?
"...but other than all that, the lying, the lack of knowledge on foreign and domestic affairs, or the lack of basic understanding on what the government actually does...why shouldnt he be president?"
"No dude, its beacuase he is a true patriot who is excercising his 2nd Amendment rights while having his camera loaded and ready to fire."
How could he do it with no multiplayer
"Fucking dumbasses, we need people in jail to make the money."
"Because fuck poor people, right?"
"Clearly you need to learn2history,"
How do *you* know all of their customers aren't costumers?
Complain to the cellular company for having monopolistic dataplans and ask for an unlimited plan
"Uhh, no... also, your parents lied to you about Santa and the Tooth Fairy... :-P"
So sick that he's paying out the labels and not the writers and artists....
I don't know a whole pool just for cleaning discs seems a bit pricey.
The breakout is due to anticipation of the 4th Classic block.
Thinking you are missing this
Cuz the oppressive gov't man.
"But, but, she has a meaningful quote; she's probably on tinder to exchange educated opinions on stained glass and intrinsic reflection"
Cause clearly these guys where just haning out with their buddy officer John Doe in this situation!
"Phew, glad there is no one to take their place!"
Nah it's not rape when a girl does it to a guy
"They have to tell us, otherwise it's entrapment."
Just like all the butthurt spineless pussies on reddit
You forgot your
will shockadins ever be viable again?
But they were 100% EGYPTIAN COTTON!
"Its official... Matt Kemp to the sidebar, GTFOH Giancarlo Stanton"
"meh, now I have Waze"
Wow iPhones are from 1993?
Because the GTX 960 is *so* much better than the 280X and 760 that it was meant to surpass at the same price.
The speed that the helicopter was crashing through the water seemed real too.
i'm not sure how you can brainwash a sockpuppet
"Yeah, we girls couldn't possibly be interested in bitcoins."
"Man, the resale value on that thing is gonna be shit... the front half of the car has been resprayed!"
Palestinians for peace
"God I hate Nickleback, the way I know all of their songs instantly along with everyone else in the room, just despicable."
Thus explaining why killing apostates never happens.
"Oh, I hadn't realized *that* is why people are up in arms."
Stop being anti-semetic.
Stop trolling him with logic!
Damn I just got my Garbutt jersey too
There's this guy named Danny Kanell
I'm glad the real criminal here is getting the justice he deserves
"They can also be liable for contracts, get married, apply for loans, work full-time benefitted positions, vote, travel without parental consent, get a tattoo, buy a lotto ticket, consent to medical care, make a will, serve on a jury, can be sued, buy fireworks, buy porn, and you are legally emancipated from your parents without a court order, but don't buy smokes or beer, you can't handle the responsibility."
"Wow, thanks, I didn't get it."
Hey man do your own homework =P
"So by now you have apologized to her, and hired her because you like her moxy?"
"Riiiight, the nazi's are the ONLY people on the planet who have ever been racist."
"Maybe the police got all the sexual assault out of their system, or perhaps they just don't a kit anymore to help them."
"Edea, Tora, basically the same unit right?"
"Actually he went to university in Sudan, a country well known for its leading educational institutions"
Then put it in That 80s Show!
"""Gee whiz, I never thought committing all of those war crimes would have consequences."""
Because that's totally a life hack
"Well you posted a picture of your face, so you're clearly asking for those type of PMs."
"Gee, felonies sure are cute!"
abbott confirmed a nazi
"I dont go on games at work, that would be irresponsible and unproductive."
"It's not ""blind submission""--it's ""faith""!"
who would have ever expected
"but those responsible and hardworking people aren't doctors and lawyers or can't borrow money from their rich family, so clearly they're worthless and don't deserve a living wage"
Their confidence makes them sexy.
"Goddamn right he should do it defiantly, who cares what those damn communists though about the Olympics."
It does in NFS!
Nice bit of shameless advertising
You forgot the
"Anything Kimi does is extraordinary, say anything against him and his demigod prowess and you will be mobbed."
"Remember, it said slower rate of fire so it obviously is worse then the a4"
Because gun violence is ok as long as it is against people that oppose my views or I can use it to push my agenda
Spaghetti coding
Look at their names Surprise Surprise
"Don't know about you guys, but for the last 14 years Draynor Village has always been spelt with a y."
"Oh no, women in positions of power, that's so regressive."
I'll have you know that it is a flashkick and not an insec you dirty peasant
unless the curfew is for white fucking males as well this shit is RAYSIS!
"Yeah, fuck you for trying to break the illusion of disproportionate, unrealistic female objectification, *asshole*."
OP sounds like a fun guy to be around.
Neither does jet fuel #loosechange
Unwrap it before you smoke it.
A mouse isn't itself visual feedback?
Because EU is much more important than their mainland and much less popular overseas audience
yeah zerg totally has a chance in the matchup
Yeah yeah yeah we Asians are so good at math and we are workaholic robots unlike those inferior stupid Westerners with their individualism and irrational emotions and humanities and refusal to be tiger moms.
Thank God Mallet is here to save us.
"Apparently, republicans like their war heroes who didn't get captured."
"No, America has a rights and freedom problem."
"No, we just slept with them to get what we wanted."
I'm not worried about too hot I use an nvidia card
"But all Donald Trump supporters are full of hate, racism and misogyny."
Thanks for the update!
"I'm offended they didn't include the higher income neighborhoods of Jack London, China Hill/Cleveland Heights, Grand Lake, Piedmont Pines, Old Oakland, etc."
Logic checks out.
your esp is bugging out
"Gotcha mate, uhm so pm?.."
"Years and years of being an Arsenal fan, whatever i do with the ingredients i just can't get a final product!"
Yeah... Backups didn't exist 5 years ago.
"Mostly because Socrates did not speak English, so there's that"
"Whoa don't spread this, then the secrets out and the racketeering scheme is over!"
All 7 of them?
Well you aren't a real gamer until you spend 50 grand...
So that's what happens when we run out of IPv4 addresses
"yea get a load of this guy... thanks for the insightful comment, you wanker"
The internet is no place for sarcasm!
That can't be the reason why there's no one renting!
"No, you are an extraordinary case"
Spoiler alert.
But it's impossible for a woman to rape a grown man.
I am shocked and appalled!
only the finest sports commentating for the Lakers
forgot the
How else are they going to forget they live in Alabama?
Selling Supper Attack Potions at 1M each or closest offer!
You just make money off of stupid people.
"No, reeeaaaally?"
You misspelled armor you fukin commie
They said white people like mayonnaise a few times so they're totally on par with this sub
So this is how JHarden learnt his defense right?
"lol, nah I just come here for the parties and sweet hunnies."
are you implying that restricting easy access to fire weapons could prevent massive killings?
"""Oh gee thanks for calling my content stupid!"""
It's usually what works for me!
"Yeah, if you sign that petition you're literally Hitler"
"Yes, let us remove health and energy orbs so a support is needed on every team."
Yeh let's balance the game around lower mmr.
PBN
Clams are basically rocks right?
"It's ""undefined"" because you used your Xelor's powers to manipulate time, clearly"
"Everyone knows, a true fan is happy as fuck when their team loses"
SAYS THE CHILD HITTER
When in reality it gives them Aspergers
24v24v24 like in ffxiv (and probs other games in not aware of)
I love how all the posts disliking the text thing are being downvoted
because he knew about it first so it makes him a better person
"I read Stalin... Not much of a difference, though, since Stalin is worse than Hitler"
"It's definitely real coke, you can tell by the way he wastes it by rubbing it all over the outside of his nose."
Nope he's definitely going to Boston because he's friends with Horford and Brady can show him how to win titles
NAW MAN THE KIT IS BROKEN WE NEED TO TOTALLY REWORK HIM NUMBERS AREN'T ENOUGH
Lebron was obviously flopping
Not our fault we can't keep up with your knockoff Fourth of July
Menelik's got dis.
Until Rossiter becomes the next Steven Gerrard!
But WV is his base!
what about Fatal1ty?
Well it obviously helped look how good ya turned out.
Build a PC.
le storm troopers are so innaccurate XDDD!
Cos everyone loves Fefe
I want everyone to believe I'm an incompetent subhuman with tendencies towards raping white women.
Good thing there weren't any of those nutjobs with CCWs there or things might have got out of hand and innocent bystanders would have been shot by those untrained yahoos.
I'm Benching Forsett and CJA because I drafter Bell and AP and Forte and Hyde and Lacy and Lynch It's a one team league but it gets super competitive
"Yes, segregation was the bomb."
You sound like a transphobe
Someone who compares someone else to a Nazi is literally Hitler.
I'll let you know when I graduate residency...
Haha ur noob I bet ur only a 4k mmr scrub.
See ya Hightower
"Fuck that, I ain't no pussy"
"''I like to think of my children as tools to be used for furthering my religion... just chill out.... it's not like they are actual people with their own mind, will, and set of desires/preferences!''"
A strangely detailed 3D drawing
"well lads, time to break out the pitchforks."
Yeah and that's trash.
Are you sure?
We could just detonate a nuclear device over the north pole.
"Well.. If Nixon could become president in the year 3000, I am sure McCain would manage in the year 2020...."
Poor Baby!
"Yeah, but it's still a carbon based life-form, so basically the same thing"
"yes because without government, nobody would harrass anyone"
I hate you.
"What they obviously need are ... ""more tax cuts."""
"Of course it's balanced, Kaom's Heart has 553 armor."
"Oh, how kind!"
Grammar seems harder for you.
"It's neck and neck now 16,132 call your friends we need this!"
"You're right to doubt him, Xavi was absolutely shit for Spain."
Poor guys only got to go into space and in some cases the Moon.
Thanks for telling me I'm not Jewish enough because I vote Democrat!
She is appropriating their culture!
BECAUSE HE SAID SO!
"Nope, he was being completely serious."
But I thought Obama was a Muslim!
"They didn't have a flag, they were asking for it."
"Now now, we don't want to muddy the waters with dirty facts, do we?"
"right, who the hell thought it was a good idea to keep the weaker ones alive?"
And all she did was lie under oath but that's not perjury.
Where is the all of the above?
"^sorry forgot 2007 was never about growing, just a stale game where people dont want content but then beg for more content, my b."
"You're wrong, let me tell you your own intentions because I perceive the goings on differently"
shocking
Nice aim
"Clearly, he *earned* that death sentence by going 5 MPH over the speed limit."
"Of course conservatives don't like to be asked questions, because being asked questions about your ideology is persecution."
I'm glad he did it so early in his presidency...
That's what you get for calling a magazine a clip.
Must be because all you have access to is mustard.
Thank you very helpful
I assume the original scenario was
"Yes, because prohibition makes everything so much less violent and disorderly."
What a douche!
Should have had your tow hook in.
Clearly they got paid to say that.
Well you sure don't you silver skrub.
History ain't asked on JEE so why bother?
Roman winning the rumble
Clearly the deagle needs to be nerfed
"If you give them a chance, they'll try to take over!"
Hasn't that cop ever heard of the constitution!
AW says otherwise.
That inspires confidence
Tell me about your childhood.
Totes not trutrans obviously.
Right.. But there is wallhack!
"Just STFU and pay you leaner, those companies are what makes Australia great, not by paying money to socialist ideals like welfare, healthcare and the like - Bermuda has swimming pools that need chlorination, someone needs to clean ze pools."
and why thyssen krupp are a tiny company!
"yes because girls much prefer the normal 'hey, weathers looking good today'"
"It's still a thing and they have been ""FIXED"" many times."
Probably fix the bug where the Rocket and Sticky Jumpers do no damage.
"But don't you know, he's **literally** Hitler."
hey you dropped this
You say that like it means something
I think he will get out and cure cancer as one Redditor actually suggested as a reason for letting him out.
"Yeah, it's just full of Asians here in Scotland."
Everyone here is saying did you hear this or did you hear that... What if this guys is death
Please don't post comments that don't contribute to the ETH bubble.
Another dangerous offender off the streets
"brah, if u dnt even hav like 4 moniters, an i7, and dat $1,000 gtx titan grafics card wuts even de point brah?"
Nu!
"I'm so glad I just turned 26, or I'd be in a dilemma with the '18-25' or '25-30' options."
But you get to meet the players!
I know I was here before I bought the game and taking notes on what to look for months down the line.
"""the way it's meant to be played"""
"#HOW CAN WE KNOW FOR SURE IT WAS HIM, MAYBE HE SAYS SOMETHING ELSE!"
No I put fuchsia on your selfie.
You were never a real Democrat anyways!
I am going to start my own ISP
"Spoilers, dude!"
"If I wanted range indicators, I'd turn off smart casting!"
"Yeah bro, working in US project, I'll probably go this year"
"But that's OK, because he's had no vaccinations either, so his natural resistances will just fight it off without Big Pharma getting involved and giving him autism."
"Nice try, Walmart PR."
I'd say that's a pretty fair question to ask on a second date.
Yeah but if Rodgers didn't have 51 other players on his team he wouldnt win so in reality he deserves almost 0 credit
ohh something new and original
Oh but he and Hillary are the same!
I wonder what the canon explanation is.
But the governor said he wasn't a muslim!
PR is just PC run amok!
Can't handle my SW4G bro?
Or we could just go the other direction and make an r/anxietyFML That would be super uplifting too!
"I was going to say, I too do filter changes once a year"
"Bharat tere tukde honge, inshallah inshallah!"
and xpeke
it's the greatest thing since sliced bread!
He's so excited!
Nade's the only one that will team with him
You don't think Coast can beat TSM or TiP?
No Man of Smiles... Not MUH Superman
I mean if you have a depressant and a stimulant those cancel each other out right?
Grandmaster quest and a elite diary seems reasonable
"I wish we only allowed people to get STEM degrees, eat Dorritos and play on PCs the world would be perfect"
Hey buddy it ain't censorship because le goverment isn't forcing them ;v}
"Thank god, only south america mineral rape!"
"Nah man, cycle is over"
I'm so gonna be fat if not for the salad!
"Oh good, strangers think I'm easy."
"OP's response ""Yeah well I have 41 GB of ram, I love poker and ashley madison ads and whats a UI?"""
B-b-but white people have no culture?
Duh that plant causes more harm than murder...
Sorry forgot the
Clearly you should have been born rich and then you wouldn't have the misfortune of not being able to avoid tax by property investment.
Only ~40% off... no biggie....
"I don't get it, what is the significance of ""52 HdW""?"
Apply STP.
"Yep, everyone should have to exchange detailed information about their political and religious beliefs before any type of business exchange is conducted so that everyone can choose to discriminate against everyone they don't like."
Ok u/unclelabs how many upvote do you need to let the vehicle?
"Checkmate, evolutionists."
Because Blizzard is a charity organization dedicated solely to making fan boys happy.
OMG so game breaking this server sucks devs are awful polish suck blah blah blah blah
"Sorry, forgot the"
Dayshell is the heaviest band I know.
"yes because wwe listens to the fans, especially the redditors"
no golden state has government issue press passes
Maybe some folks noticed it's much easier to get a job in the UK if one actually speaks english.
That whore.
Police time well spent.
oh yeah.... FUCK THIS SHOW!
"Wow, I can't believe that the men serving in the US Army, MC and AF do not all think like George Bush...."
Found andy's alt
Damn illegal immigration.
Well if you pay less for the maintenance you could afford a better car
"Don't worry, you'll inevitably topdeck Nourish next turn anyways"
"Jeez kid, act like you've been there before."
"Well, *that* seems to be working out well for him."
Yeah because what s5 really needed was more different POVs.
"Make sure to use the politically correct term ""grub"""
But you're discounting the fact that the older drive gave you a 50% higher fps
"and you, of course, would altruistically refuse the billions of dollars and keep churning out code"
MUH FEELS
"giving gems to people with the god pack, great idea!"
\#bigdickproblems
Ya the league leader in walks doesn't no shit about the strike zone
"Well, that doesn't smell of stalker vibes at all."
Because it's much harder telling them the username and password to your steam account.
Maybe you should get a change of wardrobe before you go to the beach in your religious clothing.
That's exactly what I said.
"If there's one thing you can say about Obama, it's his strict adherence to the constitution."
"Dammit Koba, you have 100 jobs, get the 127th picture right."
Japan is just so special that only Japanese can possible get it because they are so special desu
"ok then, let them keep on, meanwhile other games rake in hundreds of millions by making cheap stuff, but i bet ggg doesnt care about money right"
Clearly it must be all our offensive dongle jokes that's keeping them from entering computer science.
"Yes, because when she took it off it didn't reveal a bloody rash because of how much it was constricting her back, as is mandated by the patriarchy's female beauty laws!"
"Yeah, haha, black people are poor."
Nadeshot retired
no please tell me I hear they are like the Boy Scouts
\#GopFiscalResponsibility ^^
lol sure
"And Doctor Strange was a ""drugs can be good kids"" movie."
When Are The Servers Live Is The Season Pass Seperate Why's The Darkzone Too Hard When's My Order Arriving Please
Fucking sexist racist misogynist undesirable
Tell em to speak American.
I believe the term is jiggawatts.
"Any man can be a dad, but it takes a real man to be a father."
Reus pls
...but why do you keep water in your closet?
"Just what this subreddit needs, more shitposts!"
That's practically as bad as murder.
Thats racist you're only saying that because its a black football game!
Why would Adam Sandler put those triggering colors on that shitlord wrestler?
"Yes because if there's one thing black people have been going to the streets about, is that the police don't have enough power."
What state is BJ?
"Well, thanks a lot."
She is so brave.
"ISU-152 is so OP, there's no situation in which it should be able to one-shot another tank"
oh yes that message almost made it not worth it watching porn
"Shut up shitlord, biology is just a tool of the patriarchy and rape culture."
I thought NRA stood for National Rifle Agency.
"DROP CHRISTINE MICHAEL BOYS, CJ SPILLER IS TAKING ALL THE SNAPS!"
"Yeah, lets scratch a guy that has been playing on the fourth line for the past few games, but keep Read and Umberger."
"Damn, no wonder my 60"" screen won't take image from my PC, I have being over doing it for almost 50""."
"way to kill the mood, tojo"
"Yeah, he'll be limited to an eight year term."
I guess thats what happens when one class dominates high tier sPvP.
Obviously pandering to young voters
[](/ajlie) Marty never dives!
Sadly your analysis does not fit our black and white world.
Smr China lake WarMachine Panzershreck And the awesome bo3 wunderwaffe
"""Cause it's finally affecting us as opposed to some Mooslems on some island that don't matter"""
"Ah yes, I forgot, our systems perfect and values only what is valuable..."
"Well, we Torontonians ARE the center of the frikkin' universe!"
"Don't you see, this proves beyond a doubt that the DHS is full of blackity black race warriors."
Congrats on acting like a decent human being...
gentrification takes another victim
B-B-But it's a religion of PEACE!
Why not both?
Zero is still plural...
Is it organic?
Guys they only did this because MS announced theirs.
Almost everyone torrents Linux.
Well at least #1 has a different lineup configuration.
"No no, he is a very low functioning non-verbal man..."
I think your missing the
So this is what pure and focused envy feels like... Thanks OP.
"I'm terribly, utterly, shocked by this."
ITT: Kek too late for that Yurop is 110% muslim already cultural genocide worse than hitler who is by the way an awesome dude
Monopoly
"Oh damn, I'd love to see a picture of your talus and calcaneus ;)"
putting more work into your memes than the actual event
"But, none of what you're suggesting is brave..."
Do you think girls are human or something?
Just be aware they might not be mint.
This literally has never been on reddit before now.
yeah i can tell by the pixels it was taken with a canon eos 550d
"Great, a way for jerks to view your private stats and grief you based on your K:D ratio on the hero you are playing that second, or your W:L ratio...yay...."
"But tmz isn't a reliable source, it must come from law enforcement."
"Seriously though, what's wrong with your airplane freezing up for 100 microseconds every few seconds?"
But I thought NASCAR died when he died?
get a life you ganja gremlins edut:
All good music was written before 1980.
so heavy tanks aren't relevant in the game and die each game to arty.
Really long way of saying saying
"Stop mansplaining and go check your privilige, shitlord."
"Yes, cause a ruling in a division game caused them to win the AFC Championship game and the Superbowl."
they have overhead oxygen masks for a reason
They're running out of Guiness?
"Runeforged is the thing that used to give power from defenses, and got removed in S3, right?"
"Well here starts Russia's world take over campaign, they simply just wont sit there and let Islamic terrorists get away with it like The Yanks , Israeli's , Brits, French, germans etc, nope Putin simply wants to rekindle the flame of the cold war and take over the world.."
[OPINION] we need less comments on threads asking for less posts asking for dark matter
"It's a mac, he reset the pram and tried starting it with extensions off, what else is there to try?"
Because your life purpose is to serve others
Legit.
Wouldn't mind getting Flannagan
That's hot.
I forgot the
How dare you question my love of America
Yeah that's probably what's going to happen
"Dude, maybe if you didn't smoke so much you wouldn't have that cough."
"If they have no friends, they'll nver have bad friends."
that's very nice of them...
Unfortunately the new mystery dungeon is also way too easy
"Yeah, let's bring in Fox News instead."
"He means goats, women are objects."
"McDonalds the saint, just means to feed all those poor kids unhealthy meals so they don't starve, what would we just do without McDonalds advertising their saintly ways in our highschools under the disguise of healthy eating"
I am white and I support this message
Just piss in the sink
Because the eurodownvotebots are super funny jokes and really help the subreddit!
Yeah I bet that lifestyle is so easy..
But he was one yard away from winning the Superbowl fifteen years ago...
Hooray for states rights.
16 m cali Snapchat me bb
reddit's advertisers don't like all this free talk we're having
But education is a social construct created by libruls to brainwash us with their agenda!
Um she clearly said she has a degree.
Tell me how this is bad?
"Puppey is next to him, telling him what to do"
"yeah, death sounds like a much more enjoyable alternative!"
"MERCHANT IS FRIEND THOUGH, MERCHANT HAS BEST INTERESTS IN MIND."
"Ah yes, because PLA/ABS and epoxy is definitely aircraft grade"
Blinky might just have weak wrists
"Rightfully so, these hedge fund managers are shaping our children into the fine young adults they will become"
"But they don't eat more food than anyone else, remember?"
"Sweet, this frees up money for a few more hours of war!"
"""But who will run OBJ for this squad?"""
"That charger sucks, he doesn't have all damage up gear!"
Just wear your Nintendo Powerglove!
**FEE MARKET**
Did you ask him how he felt about Tom Brady making him pay taxes on his new Chevy?
"no way man im sure they must have been on sale when he bought em, only 250 for a pair of shorts is a steal"
you know im not a woman but i think giving birth is not painful at all
PLAYOFFS BABY!
I can't imagine why a bargain like that is still sitting on the shelf!
"Looking in these comments, I can see what a really nice and respectuful community xbox has."
Yea because I can tell from your comment history you're such a nonjudgemental and gentle soul
"Yes, every police officer in the USA is inept and they all want to do harm to the citizenry."
Yet VS now has neither
But... but... the unfortunate poor already get all the breaks in life - what makes you think they deserve more?
Nice argument you have there
"Tide goes in, tide goes out."
Yeah Goldman Sachs really suffered at the hands of OWS
Bernie had less votes but he should still win!
"Shhh, you're not supposed to tell people about the ""secret agenda"" or that being gay is contagious."
"Pointing out when the government is violating the law, the US Constitution etc, is obviously the act of a traitor right?"
I'm sure Fox covered it thoroughly.
I bet it will be real hard finding people who are looking for work to replace them...
Must be fake cus Liverpool wouldn't be playing at a cup final!
"Someone else that I know who works at Gamestop stated they were told to disregard that e-mail, and that the release date should remain uncovered."
Thought people would understand the sarcasm without putting
"Surprised he didn't get shot for ""acting aggressive""."
"That would mean holding women accountable for their actions... And we can't have that, can we?"
thats not why he said it or anything
I love responsible flyers that fly in compliance with the FAA rules!
Captain MURICA!
The Oppression of the White man is no laughing matter!
Sol
When I play my fantasy games I sure do enjoy being reminded of real life bands for main themes.
"Shh, don't break our glorious circlejerk."
Fuck it up by revealing this on her death bed.
"Yeah, when science disagrees with me, I also pull the ""correlation does not mean causation"" card even though I'm not a scientist myself."
I find it really offensive when people don't submit to my ideology.
But Happy by Pharell Williams IS a modern day classic!
Gotta make sure muh tax dollars aren't being wasted on anyone lazier than me.
"I bet you're a real forward-thinking, progressive, big picture sorta guy."
Playing on an HDTV... Pshhhh filthy casual
"""I like to have low FPS, it looks like I'm playing in slow motion"""
"Well I mean, what kind of a woman isn't in high heels and a size zero dress by the time her baby is one year old?"
"I wouldnt insult him, this kid must of fucked your mom 10 times"
*
"Isn't assigning negative, subjective social labels onto random people fun?"
"Red is ginger and yellow is strawberry blond, how could this not be more clear?"
Because surely the 16 yr old kid with the knife is the one in a position to negotiate or compromise.
it took you 500 graphics cards to upgrade?
ITS JUST A PRANK MAN!
Good thing he didn't pull out his ID by reaching into his breast or back pocket or else he'd have been shot already.
Blizzard please nerf Malygos mage
Kelvin?
I believe there are a few sub-Reddits you forgot to post in.
He's letting McBuckets play 48 mins less than Kirk
Yeah but the problem with this though is that people robbing houses are just going to walk backwards in the house they're robbing.
"Ikr, because the problem is the chat, not the people themselves"
"I played 2 minutes with him as Abathur clone, HE IS OP, MARK MY WORDS, BLIZZARD NEEDS TO NERF HIM, PLZ"
It's been proven that coin tosses have a liberal bias.
Steam Sales!
"nah, that's okay, the same thing happened in bethlehem in 0ad, and nobody wrote about that, so we know it's such a common occurence that it doesn't bear mentioning."
I said it as a joke....
It's anti-semitic
"I assume that's due to your undying love of Philadelphia and has nothing to do with Seattle, right?"
You could sleep with that guy from reddit in December...
Global Warming
"I assure you, the rest of it is some high quality analysts"
Don't forget the awesome UIs they created and trying to patent...
Aren't you already in a garbage conference?
But Mr X can predict specialists before they're chosen?
"Wait, you mean like the guy from Super Smash Bros?"
"Nah, that makes the game too difficult."
"No no you don't understand, he pulled himself up by his bootstraps and fought for it himself."
As a doctor this is 100%$ super cereals true
My system don't fail.
Seriously dense like you
"Yeah, the Wii U is the best platform to play it on."
Calm down Anikin
"Nah, burn the witch"
Kid with the green backpack is coming out this year!
"you have to understand there were other more important news like Superman vs Batman movie, and Mark Sanchez signing with the Denver Broncos"
That's just a coincidence
Form over functionality.
This post is a serious societal issue.
Alcohol for the surviving adults?
Uh....*The Shadow*?
"He is just following outrage tempelate, and forgot to edit"
Yeah sure... Hamas is such a bitch it just made an air strike with drones and stuff on land that is not theirs just to fucking kill civilians who are fighting for their rights
BROCK LOBSTAH BABY
But anyone who notices is just a pie in the sky berni bot who doesnt know how the 'real world' works so its fine.
Jeff Janis
Filthy hacker ruining global
"But you also get the benefit of living in a ""family community"" with no crime or drugs!"
"Well, that definitely seems mature and would definitely encourage your EU brothers to help out."
"Shhh, don't you know that racism is dead and it is all Al Sharpton's fault?"
"In Australia hen refers to a female chicken, but what ever the Scottish do in their bedrooms is their business"
hit detection is top notch in this game
No the Israelis blackmail the United States Government so they can use white phosphorus cluster bombs against babies in the West Bank...
"""You're uninvited to my birthday party!"""
Oh crap.. the republican party figured out how to steal a 'young' voter.
This problem is intuitively obvious to the casual observer but it is left as an exercise to the reader.
Yeah....he's great
Trump is on our side this year!
Sana matulungan sila ni Win Gatchalian.
What we need is more laws against child abuse.
Sculpted is totally Drumstep
"Yep, video games are the cause...not ignoring the warning signs of mentally unstable person with access to firearms being ignored."
How horrible of you not let their little misbehaved shits accost your dogs?
She works in an industry that objectifies women so she doesn't count.
Shit now I can only play two rounds of League on SecondSaturday morning while the kids are out...
Relevant flair
And because Jews ate not racist at all...
Thank god I partnered with a company in Belgium to buy 400 Air BnB properties in East Nash... CHA-CHING!
"Oh come on dude, those anti-drug commercials are totally accurate."
"He should get it graded, then it will be worth at least $10,000"
must jam like a beast.
Please let that be
"Come on, don't you want to say yes to the ~~dress~~ *candidate*?"
"We're all from the Europes, like one big happy family."
"Wow, what great disses you have."
Well that just sounds like the most horrible thing ever.
No dude he's stuck in bronze because he mained Yasuo
"Nah guys bitcoin is dead, it never recovered after 2014."
If only they released the NSX within 12 years of unveiling it
Someone wants me to translate it for Non-Swedish speakers?
It's ok the bear works for planned parenthood part time.
"Believe it or not, being a chess master doesn't pay well."
But then the relationship won't be 'real.'
"Because, as we've learned throughout the decades of this war on drugs, increasing penalties decreases use."
"Yes, pulled pork pancakes sound horrible."
Reagan was a RINO.
But every despicable thing a human being does can obviously be explained by whatever political candidate they choose!
"Didn't know ""shitters"" was anyone who doesn't play 2+ hours every day"
OpTic?
For Hooligans Magazine
Pop obviously sucks at making halftime adjustments
"guys, listen to this guy, his uncle works for valve so he knows all their inner workings and greedy ways."
"Excuse me I was with my family, I'd appreciate an NSFW tag"
"Welp, looks like now everyone is gonna be ESP cunts..."
This is so cringe dude.
Why would I tell my doctor I have amohetamines?
Yep.. Bitcoins and drugs.
confirmed GSP vs Mark Hunt UFC 200
And people want a woman for president.
"Probably Also, grow bigger hands you beta freak"
yes i am sure that this will completely end the black market for shark fins and they will continue to follow international protocol and stop this horrible practice and trade
"I'm so sad I didn't take advantage of getting a pool game, because playing video game pool has to be so much fun!"
Yeah much better to blast it out the speakers for all to hear...
Having a meaning in life is for lazy poor people who just don't want to pull up their bootstraps and go into le STEM.
Hey just plug in a mouse
I can't imagine why polluting the Earth or fucking without a condom would cause disease.
AC Milan ...
"Yeah, we need to try to convince people not to visit places that have different views from us because diversity!"
TIL there exists people that publish about that which they are ignorant of...
Sounds like the kind of guy who would take plays off
A fucking Pelle Pelle I always fucking wanted one
"He said November 5th, not May 11th!"
"That's because it's natural chub that will always be there no matter what, not *gained* weight!"
"What's wrong with being black or white, huh?"
but muh world champion and best adc fantasy
Wow you are 16 you have no rights wow seriously stop you are triggering me.
It's amazing how horribly inefficient the mail becomes when receiving bills or mailing out payments or supporting documentation.
"Because you're expected to memorize songs by artists you don't like, right?"
"Watch out, the reminders might blitzkrieg this sub, filthy Schweinhund"
"good idea, wowpresents had a lot of great ideas with webseries lately"
Gotta think of those stuck using a 8 MB sd card.
Interesting choice of fruit... You racist jerk.
Deagle OP confirmed
"Oh yes, because asking them politely will get you absolutely nowhere."
"Lets pass one to stop them driving cars too, in fact let's hamstring our children with bullshit laws based on fraudulent figures in every way possible."
"It's not lesser hardware, it's a console and consoles are clearly made for gaming so therefore it's 10x better"
Forgot your
wow ruined my money making method
But unless it's 100% certain then we must make sure both viewpoints are given equal standing and representation (the same as evolution/creationism)
I think you just gave it to yourself there.
THANKS OBAMA
"Nope, Hillary had mercenaries put guns to the heads of 40% of the GOP primary voters."
The Pentagon will love this logic.
"I think they meant ""State Police"""
The CIA would *never* frame an innocent man...
"[Even if he is now a demon, according to the Nighthold cinematic that was datamined, Illidan seems to consume Gul'dan (and presumably his soul since it's what demon hunters do)]"
Wow bro Bm is real saying GG before u knew u were going to win not cool toxic mute emotes pls
"Ban the m8, too good imo"
Knuckles.
It's okay because it's a good fit for them and they find therapy to be silly
So what does that have to do with religion?
We're a big country mate
"It's ok, he put it in neutral."
i always love it when a stranger calls me a slut
Smirnoff and orange fanta is totally great.
So i guess no one here dislikes haggy then
They're all enemies
How does this excuse work when it clearly didn't for McSorely?
But profit is evil.
Satan helped him to tempt him off the righteous path.
That's why I welcome our new Chinese Overlords
hitler.
"Obviously, if you car was made before 1989 you aren't a ""true"" enthusiast"
The free market is perfect.
"Please, not being white is the only way not to be a racist."
B-b-but if you don't do SL 5x5 your muscle mass will actually *decrease*.
"Fancy cars could implement a set of optional subroutines like ""prefer killing me instead of my child"""
"I agree, Coco Palm is a very nice place."
Better to die free than to live in a cage
Or I haven't been this excited since Titanic came out in theatres!
I guess you're a Christophobe then.
"Sorry, forgot"
Al Gore likes it and he *invented* the internet!
There's an NL?
Thanks for making me feel like I've achieved something as a new player *thumbs up*
So glad they're only nerfing the turret damage on console and not changing anything else that is totally not broken with his kit.
Because women do not rape.
"C'mon guys, 18 comments and 1 upvote?"
Still going to hell though
I'm really sure the Republican Senate and House are going to hold inquiries as soon as possible...
People who voted for Trump don't know what menop- EW GROSS I DONT WANT TO HEAR ABOUT THAT
clearly this causes far less pollution.
He said exclusive didn't he?
Probably part of the same Longhorn group that got Briles fired.
"Just like if you're a bicyclist, unless you're wearing a skin tight outfit it means you're an amateur."
"according to this author, nurses aren't but firefighters are, so they have more privilege to carry a gun :)"
"yea man, they should rather finally give us some Tyrande or Illidan skins!"
but dude its totally a woman's choice and stuff how dare you be such a misogynist etcetc
TIL fashion should always stay the same.
Except for clinton who obviously got rich by eating babies
"Woah, never seen this post before.."
Yeah fuck being progressive
"Now if a protoss QQ's about other races' units, call their argument invalid because they can get the units too!"
"Yes, it's clearly the misty eyed do gooders who are at fault here."
"Uhh no, as an MG I can confirm that Lex is actually Silver 1 and I should be playing at pro level instead"
All you damn apostates are infecting the good and faithful saints of Utah County with your anti-mormon lies and Satan-inspired venom.
"Koalas aren't bears, someone need to message the mods about taking this post down!"
"Flunitrazolam, maybe some carfentanil might help you out"
"What, You don't like his sexist remarks towards female talent?"
You must not have heard- it has enough extra screen to display an additional row of apps.
"Yeah, that worked really well in China."
Glad my fuel dollars aren't just funding extremism
Aaaand this is why so many people want to kill them.
Fix it in post
It's called being original... where's your sense of creativity op.
No but.. maybe the directors cut should ;)
This made me wtf so hard.
A friend I played with a bunch used to think that Kayle was a man because anyone in a full suit of armor is definitely a dude.
Because we're not good like Barca/Real/Bayern/PSG/any BPL team
"Men automatically consent to all sexual attention/activity, and such attention/activity on the part of any woman is a gift which much be accepted and treasured."
Europe is all the same anyway
That's the power of German engineering!
"Everyone knows alcohol damage takes more than 6 months to occur, not 5"
The suspect obviously saw the officer's finger gun and feared for his life which is why he drew his gun.
They were at least protected by the snow fencing....
"Nope, it is an act of God."
what if he just wants someone rich to get so fed up with him that they pay for him to go to space; and that's what he wanted all along
Those guys are never wrong!
Scrub didn't even try for the 5x5.
Yeah...2008 and 2009 they were SHITTY...averaging 52 wins a year with him as their best player
How dare you speak your opinion.
"Man I can get on board with ""if I hear a child crying, your tits better be out"""
"It's not like they can break anything, or get hurt running into stuff... it's as safe as a pile of pillows!"
Are you Bruce Wayne?
Its funny because pot
Yes that proves LS is not shit!
"But his glasses break, his vision's gotta get worse."
Yes!
"bro but he has headphones, better copy-paste for insta-karma right ?"
That kiss was bad and you should feel bad
"Yeah, game will be so much better during the event."
"When it comes to equality, just remember that women are more *equal* than men ;)"
Because Holder is going to direct the DOJ to have very serious investigations into those issues.
But... That's what photos on Facebook are for!
"Putin is master spy KGB agent that is secretly outmanuvering all of us with his trickery, always 1 step ahead of us"
There's no girls on the internet silly.
"Yeah, fuck your fps!"
"I'm sure Milo could come, because as we all know he's a true gamer."
Forgot the
but... but... you could get TOTS Kroos and quicksell the rest of the pack and finish ahead...
Couldnt shut it down because he had to host the all-star game.
"Well, the antenna is shorter than 16"", so it's legally a 'pistol' until you shoulder the stock, at which point it becomes manufacture of an SBR"
Misgendering is the worst than gas chambers.
Fucking colonials.
"If you wanted an award Mike, you don't have to wait til the end of the season."
EH MOOSE PAL U WANNA TREAD THROUGH 54 FEET OF SNOW TO GET TO TIM HORTONS EH?
So we kill him because of racism and kin liability?
and they wouldn't let us poor bronzies have this why?
"She works for the ABC, of course she's a lefty."
Ford Ranger?
"Well obviously they weren't allowed to use military force against the moderators, but when they start talks with Putin they'll put soldiers on the Russian border and persuade him to bow to them."
Building up that waiver-wire trade value
Like many politicians!
"People want other people to be tolerant of them, and are not tolerant themselves... Makes total sense."
What a reliable and unbiased piece of journalism
BUT THANK GOD WE'VE STOPPED ALL THOSE REFUGEES FROM COMING IN!
...and don't forget to pray.
Yes because rules can never change
"Um... [the people used the cigarettes to prevent stress, eliminating suicides?]"
"Yeah, it's not like they got paid big $$$ for him"
I'm proud to be an American
You can't hate a gay character or your oppressing all gays.
"Wow, that's funny!"
Nonexistant
So do we sign him?
Lol u wild wyd tho
But....I *just* got the E4s!
Obama and Hilary are destroying this country!
The sky is falling!
It is almost like a god doesn't exist.
"Nah man we don't, please elaborate"
Because owning a gun is a privilege like driving.
"None, that's why they're playing on console and not PC."
But it's Hillary's turn!
It's because they're squatting...
"Obviously god was just giving the child a second chance, praise god and his mercy"
Maybe they were stalking him!
"No, feces."
"Why say hi if you can start role playing right away, amirite?"
Yeah it sounds really grueling
"The cops will see the donuts and think, ""my god they're right, we're donut eating assholes, I shall hand in my badge right away and join this noble cause!"""
I'm sure those repo guys from that show would totally be able to repo from a US carrier!
Cause Swain was so strong not even Mortal Reminder could hold him down
Shout out to to a fellow #NOVEMBERBOYS
Racism is now all right according to the Constitution
Because it'd be stupid Like you
I wonder if those hookers are clean?
Talk to Girls...Who has confidence for that?
It is about time that feminists embrace the natural position of women in society.
Don't forget the ouya!
definitely with that crosshair..
Can a bakery refuse to bake a cake for the coal companies ?
"""Morgan and Shelby's friendship is superficial"" Yep nailed that one"
K. Love to Portland confirmed
"Of course, there's plenty of Return of the Jedi fans on this sub!"
That piece of shit!
Yes.
Check your biological privelege.
"...yeah, giving advice is shitty.."
"Yes that is a heretical opinion, and you should be burned at the stake with the rest of this thread."
I didn't know he could play the drums!
That will teach them...
"Pyrocynical is pure clickbait furry gay cancer and should not be watched, all he does is bully innocent high quality channels"
MYLES JACK WAS #4 THOO
Your right if we just had 64 gigs of RAM we could just get rid of internal storage and store everything in the RAM!
His Sears clothing line is now worth a fortune
"Pass never happened... that's pass interferance, yards gained off a perfectly executed plan by Johnny..."
White Walker?
"yeah, they'll need him to figure out or complex offensive game plan"
"Yeah, apparently...which explains why there are no kangaroos left in the world."
your rights end where my feelings begin
Just like how a woman can't become pregnant when raped.
"Ahhh, all those Indian terrorists out there make it hard to tell who is and isn't a terrorist"
Tesla's the guy who invented the Tesla cars right?
"This is a great announcement, but what is better, the PAX2 or the Grasshopper?"
"No, he is definitely too important in the Master Plan to be ""collateral damage"""
Nothing has changed except black culture is actually even more toxic now.
You mean all of history?
Someone has clearly never heard of the Tampa Bay Chargers.
Yeah cause they could totally just bang that out in a day
a 5 year subscription to WOW would do it.
Never trust anyone who wears wooden shoes!
So what if some goalkeeper really sucks asshole?
I couldn't deconstruct his logic it's flawless.
I tell that to every carry in my game who won't buy wards!
How dare she exploit herself like that!
Running four copies of [[Chromatic Lantern]] to make the mana work?
But we have 37 wrs so it'll workout.
I already have your mum
"Well, there's that, but put that together with my white guilt, and I still get the shit end of the stick."
"She's clearly Catkin - stop oppressing her, shitlords!"
His kids probably will...
"Obviously because anyone who wanted to experience something different in the one life they get is a lazy, stupid loser"
Genji needs to attack with his sword at melee attack
You can't die from marijuana though!
You say this having knowing Brie Bella personally for years now
Just because he's gay doesn't mean you have to call him Flaming.
"Or it's saying the wage gap isn't real, but let's obviously assume more sexism."
"Nah, it's totally justified"
bunch of idiotic fucks it's clearly the apothicon servant we only see one of his legs
Sounds pretty safe.
"Because OoT is the only Zelda game that exists and is important, obviously!"
"Yes, like 100%."
But its so funneh and unique
No it snowed last year - proof global warming is lies...
Are you assuming HIS gender now?
Being true to the law of eternal progression I see.
Oh no its so horrible
"Yeah, shooting at an immobile, nonupgraded vehicle whose main strength is it's mobility on the battlefield will surely show everyone how weak it actually is!"
Is it because we're not sure if he even speaks?
ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH
or maybe are about to kill the dragon
"In other words, he's a fictional character... hahahaha omg lol"
"Yeah, those choppers are so OP, we need something to take them down."
But I always thought Dyrus was the team's weak link.
Cause you know drug dealers have never been know to have a bunch of guns laying around.
It reminded me of your casting.
B-but FREE SHIT!
No no no the gorilla was protecting him.
Why can't we get another generic sounding radio song like warriors?
Dedo and Methodz
Another reason for women not to drive.
"He man, when you have an SSD and your computer boots up in less than 2 seconds 3 seconds to load up a game feels like an eternity"
You forgot your
You mean Will.I.Am?
BECAUSE THIS ISN'T AN ENEMY TERRITORY SUBREDDIT TAKE YOUR FUN ELSEWHERE
make sure you always ask a girl if she's on her period when she's acting like a bitch
You can submit un-cynical headlines on reddit?
"Yeah, on a vaguely passive aggressive technicality this was definitely not peaceful"
"Yes, the infamous Microsoft Lumia 640 running PalmOS."
quando esci dal lavoro chiedi il permesso di un'ora ogni giorno oppure avvisi a casa di non aspettarti che farai tardi quella sera?
"Oh yeah, that guy is a douche because he reacted to seeing a person fall to their death."
Eat em like scooby and shaggy would!
Glad to see the STEM master race decided to pollute this thread with their nonsense...
"Because chicken = healthy, obviously!"
"No Sir, we only specify the religion when the Terrorist is a muslim."
"You know I always find it funny seeing CP listed in someones history, it definitly doesn't make me not want to hire them."
you just wait till Reed is 100%
"All other Micras are driven by ladies, I suppose."
Jeb can fix it!
"Don't be Catholic, duh."
"""Hillary's the REAL mobster!!!!"""
"kickass torrents is down, from where you will get videos to play now?"
"Hirons, Dutch Bros and Uly's, they really captured what it's like to be in Eugene!"
I mean he is the best eva
wat if i dont like them johnny foreigners?
Because everyone at NASA is American.
I really hope enemkpali wasn't in that tent signing his contract!
"Yeah being richer, and having more money help with that."
I am absolutely positive that's what Comcast would have wanted them to do too.
It's just one step closer to the eradication/genocide of fat people I guess!
Think of all the children who didn't get autism
Only selfish bitches sleep.
"but, but, Bernie sanders is catching up"
If they include Carr they gotta include Bortles
How about Joy-Cons that add more FLOPS?
"""Real Americans wave a treasonous flag!"""
"What, you never heard of Thirth?"
Seth Jones!
"oh dear, let me"
hurr durr i didn't see that response coming at *all*
Little did we know that we traded Diaz for a first line RW
The try to get on your gas mask mission would be great though.
"""that's what the idiots always say..."""
The prophecy is coming true..the end is nigh...the great bird war begins..May the Lord have mercy on us all
Except when GTA5 comes with a cash card...
I wish Mike McCarthy was as good a coach as half the people on this subreddit.
Obviously it's a cover up by the entitled teenager mod cabal
"Isn't the bible technically ""peer-reviewed""?"
"It is neither animal, nor mineral, therefore it must be vegetable."
Hey... it wouldn't have happened if the CPC did something about it 9 months ago...
I do so love the smell of propaganda in the morning.
Shodan or AM
"So that explains the Tracer players I get on my team, they're all 3rd graders!"
That's racist.
HTML is most definitely a programming language.
b..b..b..but you have to look at the context and the bigger picture of the unequal relationships in power that men and women have
Are you saying it's not ok for someone to have an affair because their wife doesn't wear heels enough?
"Yeah, just like all the other great cities and architecture throughout history!"
That would never happen..
Terabit masterrace reporting in from sweden.
Then homeschool them!
"Because you didn't even get a sub 2 min run, anyone can do this"
"yeahhh probably on Thursday, just a guess though"
"Yes, that's EXACTLY what I'm saying."
Would be the first time ever in this sub
"Nah dude, you gotta start with TPM and go from there."
But as a pedestrian.. I HAVE THE RIGHT OF WAY
"Which didn't come into play until after he was caught, surprise surprise"
"*tips fedora, M'lady*"
rich people in Los Angeles do meth?
These robots are taking our jobs!
yeah mightyena was pretty much the most OP late game pokemon and poochyena were so damn hard to come across in the wild
"But the liveblog is delayed by like 20 seconds, that's not fast enough."
"Well yeah, PC can handle much higher anti aliasing."
Merk
How do you not agree that a gym is a place full of sunshine and rainbows
"They're only trying to prevent starvation mode, alright?"
What is that?
Do you write for The Onion?
dammit Kanye
Yeah sf is such a small city
"Damn straight - my taxes paid for Air Force One, I should be able to ride it from time to time!"
Did you put marriage and children in them?
"How's it feel to be on the wrong side of history, gramps?"
"He was totally gassed, bro, otherwise that shit would have been a 60 hit combo."
"What do you mean, look at all these Hindu terrorists roaming around remember how this once they treated Mumbai like it's some sort of videogame, shooting innocent muslims with Ak-47s, and blowing up trains, beheading muslim soldiers etc., it's become such a menace that they've invented a word: Hinduphobia in order to instill the secular perspective in muslims and protect the spectacularly minuscule portion of Hindus that are not terrorists from having their feelings hurt or facing hate crimes in the hands of the wronged muslims."
"Yay, Ansibled is back"
Note: become a crooked politician.
"Whoopee, 1 year in prison for ruining the lives of multiple men FOREVER, this is justice!"
Well obviously it was in this case
But they work much harder than us.
"Oh boy, this should be interesting"
global warming will be very hard and expensive to deal with....therefore it does not exist
What an array of options!
"Thankfully Blizzard learned that spamming maintenance buffs just for your class to function is a pain in the ass and not even remotely fun, that's why they made Legion Disc Priests"
That would be oppression and show that PAX clearly hates women as an organization.
What you didn't enjoy the beer chugging luxury comp?
"But you're thinking of potatoes, not money!"
Cant wait until elogs is mandated...
Sounds like Trump's silent majority is finally standing up!
"Ok, that's the best explanation I've ever heard"
Draymond Green literally Hitler.
just remember... being gay is the EVIL thing..
"""But I'm carrying the can!"""
Who needs points values when you can Forge the Narrative?
But can you teach me how to change batteries on my DMG?
It really does look unique.
"Duh, it says right there that he's a ""Pro Racer."""
"Yeah, cuz Watchmen was such a simple project"
"De EU soft power't de fuck uit jou, man!"
"Yeah, because hitting good fungals is as easy as hitting good forcefields"
I prefer solar panels made by Solyndra...
"I know, between Newtown, Columbine, and the Aurora shooting I'm really starting to lose sympathy for these thuggish, animalistic white youths."
this'll be a controversial one
Another Prince post?
"No, 4chan is the hacker."
"WOTC, pls reprint Counterspell."
Connor ducking Floyd Brock ducking AJ Styles smh
Learn to defend
I'll bet the cops overwhelmingly support this.
Yes it does filthy peasant
See what happens when ya legalize pot?
thanks for the complement
Now that group has less money to use to kill Americans - he was just being smart!
No because those are his opinions and his opinions are the hardfast rule for all relationships
Hall of Fame veterans committee
TIL Samuel L. Jackson used his normal voice for Kingsmen
I'm not even sure they can c: ...
no that's a different app
I say for now on we find out who Russia doesn't want and vote for him/her.
"... filling out surveys, I always get free offers."
Pfft... you mean you painted the 'Am I the Only One Around Here' meme?
It should be Kratos.
whats updog
"Yea, if only there were any subsidies for rural farmers"
"You can *buy* extra karma, for 10 cents a vote."
"With a chance of the new ULs, of course."
"It'll be alright though, the government said so, they have experts you know"
"Yeah, that pile of sludge, that bigger pile of sludge, the big pokeball, and the giant upside down pokeball were *great* design choices"
"Oh yes, because every homeless person is alcoholic or disturbed."
"The Council owns 34% of the airport company, so it makes complete sense that the Council (or, by proxy, the central Government) should pay for 100% of the runway extension."
that wasn't sneaky's finger
Play like you did last season mate and I'm sure a move is imminent...
She's busy having Jingles being balls deep in her
"0-5 WTF CJ Anderson, Dez Bryant, M Evans, D Jax, ALF Morris, Sammy Watkins, Romo, T Coleman, N Agholor, Delaney Walker My team is stacked son"
"Hey, calm down, the Oilers need to be humble because they ruined so many NHL careers over the last 10 years..."
Yeah because people posting nude pictures of them self of the internet don't post them because they want to be seen or something...
But I thought they dedicate the 4th of July every year to commemorating a mistake?
Probably a hipster
Says the filthy normie
But how do I show off skinz
Because it's so much more fun when you take ages to do everything
Clearly this is a network problem
Your team must love you.
Yeah because most games played on PC require a console controller.
Hmm.. Assets... does Student Loan count...?
Because Zeah wasn't horribly underwhelming and mostly dead content
Well you are missing your chance to actually watch this one in person
TIL 10 upvotes = downvoted to hell
Doesnt a leveling kit on a chevy/ GMC just make sure the front bumper doesnt drag?
Obviously Twitch chat!
My '14 SP25 was parked next to it and I almost got into the Tesla by mistake.
yes and on top of that bankruptcy will solve all our problems
"But it's a cartoon, so it has to be for kids!"
"so glad xuanzang has another skillup now, it's so useful"
"Quick, call the hotline for barbaric cultural practices!"
Got screwed out of that .2 he rightfully deserves.
So what you're saying is... We NEED TO BUILD A DAMN WALL
"but, see, men are superior, so it's ok when they do it"
"Yeah, awakening is telling you to work on his axe proficiency!"
Buuuuut don't you know you can't claim autonomy over your own body and choices as a woman and doing so is SELFISH and WRONG
Pretty sure sending a keylogger to kabam would work!
But they're America's Team!
yea he is right...cause one guy said it the whole party means that.
#WHEN WILL TRUMP CONDEMN THIS VIOLENCE
"well, if you don't mine, i can help, please post pics of the both of you and i can give expert advice."
Minecraft let's play I Spy
lel 30fps is unplayable huehuehuehue
Nothing more necessary in a slum than a local organization that glorifies suffering and pain
Yet they want equal pay.
"Yeah but I'm special, silly."
I dunno man... isn't 47th street considered Tribeca?
Should have put an
"Oh no, but i loved when our corners were coached to not look back at the ball to make a play."
I'm sure she can't sleep at night
That's not degrading to men or sexist at allllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
We should ask Ethan if she's single!
dae EDGE
zamana hoke nikla...keep up bro
Wins* It has to come with a * thingy right?
"Ya, I mean, girls definitely don't get anything out of sex."
What a great opening line.
"Agree, the last thing we want to do is rustle the Caps fans jimmies."
I remember when this was **worldpolitics**
"Technology, putting thousands of Chinese people out of work, day after day."
Fuck them for trying to make money.
"Better version of Subway... Yeah, that sounds lame to me."
[Kiera Knightley]
Because Sikhs are not the original inhabitants of Canada... As opposed to white people
Canyon Vista
Chris Paul is not giving him room to land!
They were just checking your privilege shitlord!
"They tend to call them gay pedophiles, because they don't like wymyn with cuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurves."
Should have played around that
TIL Lebron does layups
"It's easy to get an elite WR, you just need to give the Bears a 5th round pick."
YEAH WHO NEEDS MONEY
So he was still a protagonist?
"Yeah but too be fair, that's when it was affecting him personally."
"Obviously this belongs in r/messesindiapers, not r/ABDL..."
And I find it really funny when people now want to cultivate power and so lie that there is no god and the universe is random instead of embracing the truth that we are all simulations inside a computer program
The Russian-style censors must be the only way to stop the Russians
God damned Bammers and their Trumpkins.
*ahem*
failing they're english class?
4000 years ago you heathen!
"we don't need a QB coach, we have Gruden, **THE Quarterback Whisperer**"
It's awful the way they have fun with each other.
Elected officials passed these laws so they must be for our own good even though they don't make sense.
Woman drivers amirite?
"""Sneaks out of work"" DAE Badass?"
His awful singing voice compensated for by his good looks
He forgotten the
I'm gonna go with the
But how will I know what shampoo I might want to buy?
You are supposted to put the LOCATION OF U in the title so [USA-Nextome]
"Some countries didn't have seatbelt laws when we were 9, why should our children abide by the same laws?"
BC election polls never lied to anyone before.
Sounds like a chill dude
"They are only worth half, because the almighty has made them this way."
gun grabbers gave families ample time to collect their thoughts and give respect for the dead before they started curtailing rights after sandy hook...
And the very next block contains payments to the following addresses: 1JGRvpyNGBFUkhBB9U7**No**nXuMwhmQHzz7j 1NMtVZLQqGdV77XSjJToJ**no**jg7BdP3ATDP 13dtR2JZDrG4Geb**no**3v2QnU7cTGSiokNhQ 1PwhC**No**HDdb4K1atNbx26txbRsdSJvovap 1PzQjKoa**no**47NdPL9zujX7bLNQKiCf8dEw 1BYza**Noo**8eceTMSkb6jpathPPkztNCW9YF 1LoUyMiLkkqnS1**No**1oyYBzZuR8eJEa5ezt 1LmMoFjwabmT9P2vQN5bbchzR4Jc32Re**No** That bitch jYuki told him!
"Congratulations, you used a very scientific method to determine that all progressives don't know what they are talking about."
Yeah because my 2nd gen low end i5 is bottlenecking my fps so hard.
Get it now for $4.99.
Correction - because it's reddit and re-posting is #1-10 of the 10 deadly sins
"Yea, I mean, just look at the roads, there's never any construction done on those!"
"Yeah, what an idiot he is for living with the system available to him."
"No, it's a Scooby Doo reference"
"""I liked the demo better, why did they ruin this song"""
"Yes, hate when people only give me their brands name and make me do a quick Google search, fuck that"
He lost?
Like rental cars?
Yeah dude fuck minorities and the poor
"Because no one plays the game for fun of anything, it's absolutely for money."
"Remember, Satoshi did not have any political goals in mind!"
Great advice for someone just starting out that didn't even know about elective mode.
You mean it's not about going out on a boat and a cookout?
Good thing libertarians love hillary so much
"Yeah, or I don't know, you could just be a person."
yeah but he has a negative k/d though.......
totaly gonna buy this for 210 USD with no hesitation
"Yes, because that totally didn't come across in *Blade Runner*..."
As long as our electricity is up to 7% cheaper it doesn't matter how much it costs.
"Did he beat up Jesse Ventura, too?"
Kyle Walker
This guy obviously has never heard of Reefer Madness.
Are you sure people just don't want to talk to you?
"I would say Luongo, but I remembered he's too good of a goalie to leave the paint"
Forgot the
Yeah don't waste time passing to Ronaldo anymore he's been shit lol
Why are they throwing themselves?
A real leader like Matt Ryan would have taken that team to the Superbowl
Maybe we'll finally get the ultra violent Green Lantern sequel we've been waiting for.
You forgot the uncounterability clause
He is entitled since he is a big streamer.
so clever and unique....
"bro, it's 2016 African American Knights open up your mind"
What an exceptional and pioneer move to post this song in this sub.
Hes clearly gearing up for that Nascar run soon.
Somebody do something.
Must be rough living there...
it's an elf it's on the thumbnail
Ooh that poor victim Zuckerberg..
STORM CONFIRMED
We have an accent?
"Nice try, we're still pissed off about Elysian!"
He would be the expert - considering how he handles the Kurds
Let go of the steering wheel.
it's the black ones you gotta watch out for
"Yeah, because hats take the same amount of work as a building."
Yes I am sure people are creaming over his 40k sedan.
Watchdogs
Get out here with your logic and reason you terrorist
Because emus are native to Northern Canada
What if the velocity of the electricity is proportional to the length/resistance of the wire such that it ALWAYS takes 1/143rd of a second to travel from one end to another
It was a steal!
shroud is going to carry them to top 3 major kinda
China Town
but but sex is a RIGHT.
I think you forgot the
"Obviously there was no free association, zero voluntary exchange, etc."
DUDE SPOILERS WTF
It's called the laundry commute :^) Get it all done at mom and dads house
but but I collected enough friend karma to exchange for oral sex
NO DUDE ITS BAD CUZ EVERYBODY ELSE SAYS THAT IF I PICK OFF META ILL GET KICKED
Ask the uploader.
"That sure takes some of the edge off what she did, doesn't it?"
Don't lie no phone can zoom like iPhone...
"""I should always pip the killer should never kill me every chase should be a Benny Hill scene till the gates power"""
"Obviously we have infinite cap room, it's just that Belichick is too much of a pussy to go out and get Tom the players he needs for his fourth ring"
Everything you just said is 100% right (especially the blue worm shits) but i know this probably wont be fixed because we're just cranky and Edmund can do no wrong
"Whatever women wants, women gets...unless youre a xenophobic sexist pig who hates gays."
yeah that ending was really powerful.
Ah sure its his culture and you have to respect it or else you're an evil racist
Triggered
you must be crazy the media tells me he's crazy 24/7 there's just nothing good to see!
"""I know so much about the election, I watch John Oliver and CNN after dinner!"""
But they never kill anyone so its totally fine
Yeah but Sufjan just copies Queen in all his songs
idk if it has already been said but: kioshima
"Look, it is very simple, everything should be posted ONCE and if you miss it then that is what search is for."
Yeah how dare you complain about technical issues that don't get fixed heathens!
"""Apparently that's a real thing"" is a perfect way to wave off criticism for something you said"
"HAHAHAHA YOU SAID TO SOMETHING INSTEAD OF TO DO SOMETHING, MORON!"
"But don't you know, 14-0 in the ACC is roughly equivalent to 7-6 in the SEC."
AHHAHA AMD GET #REKT NO FUCKING DRIVERS AND UR GETTING BANKRUPT IN 2 DAYS CANT WAIT FOR THE DAY WHEN INTEL GETS TO BYPASS US LAWS AND MONOPOLISES AMD GET FUCKING REKT NOOBS #Nvidia4Lif$$$$
I am human dumpster; I only require caloric quotient to be met.
Because drug users are horrible people to begin with.
Please label your porn.
I think trumps spray on tan is just glorious
"Not even the same generation Sony, WTF..."
You forgot the
"Wow, because you were *so* kind to let him have 50/50 custody, he should just get over you cheating on him."
Not much of a master race huh
Because reddit is a dark and scary place.
Which is why every country in europe is crushed with the cost of their healthcare system with far worse outcomes than the US.
Sorry it bothered you so much.
"Because ""illegals"" can vote right?"
"Didn't even believe in your team, what a bandwagoner!"
dasar antek pe ka i
I'm sure if Rosie were in benghazi Trump would save her.
"""We ain't come to play SCHOOL, classes are POINTLESS"" -Definitely a starting QB Marv would be proud of"
Stop trying to be rational.
Thank you for your logical input
"Oh, well, we can slash the aid budget then"
"God forbid (no pun intended) that someone who is religious expresses their love for a book that is thought provoking and happens to be a religious text as well, on a subreddit about *books* no less."
"Yeah I feel real bad, I wish he was still here so he could keep throwing gay people in concentration camps."
So that's like a 8-9g blunt?
*shhhh* you're not being open minded enough for reddit
I require a credible source for your assumption.
"Careful, SRS will say you're inciting violence."
"Oh yeah, well Obama said you can keep you health insurance if you like it, so there."
"You mean to tell me you don't enjoy.. ""Light em up up up...I'm on fiiiiiiiiiiiiiire"""
"Of course it's staged, because things like this, and people who think like this don't exist!"
here you dropped this:
"Hi, I play hardcore so I think I'm the shit"
"3rd party hiring, that'll work out GREAT."
But mah traditions!
obviously your cosplay was not good enough
"Hey, they're BIO deGRADEABLE, maaaaaan, ain't hurtin' no one dude."
But they probably won't though so I guess that's that
Very unbiased article
Yeah son don' make dem good 'cisions
He did such a sterling job with the last 5* QB transfer.
because ninth graders are super concerned about imaginary sexism and not at all about their social reputations.
Yeah who has time to report things or vote lol
found the republican ;)
"Ah yes, there was totally no accidental subtext added there at all thanks to them being sisters."
Dats misogyny bruh.
That's discrimination against dogs you bigot.
Because the losing team never has highlights or good plays
"[And Holden on Tuesday told POLITICO that the document shredding was unrelated to concerns about possible investigations from a Democratic Senate,] Um, yeah."
Vaping still causes popcorn cancer though.
It's hanged
I'm sure a total noob who was 30 levels behind you had all the idea of what you were doing to them.
Rito just found a new reason to disable Rengar again in the LCS
Heaven forbid someone actually ask an MTL something.
You can't say crap like that here
Well to be honest we don't really know the motivation...
It sure did in America!
"but c'mon, NOBODY does that the mizugaki"
what's an SO?
"Nice to meet you as well, although I swear I've met you before somewhere..."
I bet if they had more guns it would be lower
Especially for the guy with a masters in medieval romance novels.
Good idea....
"WOW NO WAY, I NEVER KNEW THIS"
Please mark your gore posts nsfw
Sounds like it's time for those divorce papers.
That battle with Alonso where he didn't make the pass because VETTEL CAN'T PASS?
That will definitely help me right now thanks!
The dystopian nightmare that is France.
"Surprised the person who found it wasn't charged with ""prohibited possession of a restricted firearm without a license""."
Hillary has never risen in the polls.
"You are arguing to change the mind of a person who has no lenience, you are wrong and he is right why can't you just accept that?"
ZMF Obsolete
"That's a complete misconception, GG is totally left wing!"
"cause from the thumbnail, he *totally* doesn't look Russian at all"
"No, Arin doesn't like cutscenes with subtitles, therefore it's objectively bad game design and just the worst thing in general."
"No, we couples lock them in for the night."
I thought his name was Barack now
"""But, like, you just want to kill brown people"""
"Yes, for all those NBA fans who have no idea who Michael Jordan was, or know that he was good."
Because constantly insulting the person is REALLY going to turn them on
"Dude, the Wii is kinda old, and I have enough friends."
It doesn't?
"Ah yes the western world, such a savior of freedom of speech and political freedom, it's almost as if capitalism is exploiting someone can't put my finger on it"
PETA would just love this idea.
yeah... well he hated you first.
"We won't get it this week, just to keep up with expectations."
Very old stock Canadians?
"Yes, throw that badly spelled please in there... of course I'll forget you're being inappropriate and gross..."
Sounds like me trying to build an army in Civilization
About time
unfortunately the season was cancelled by a lockout so there wasn't a final
"If getting to your job on time is more important than acknowledging my political views, you obviously deserve to lose your job."
IT'S DIFFERENT FROM TTR WE HAS DOODELS AND PATIES AND FIXED REACING.
You don't love having the same thing posted 3 times a day?
"Hey, at least you didn't get Alford out of it!"
"That can't be real, it looks nothing like Luke Skywalker."
Yeah and you pretend that people can fake sexual orientation
yeah because women dont watch porn
"""How can you have morals without religion/god/Jesus?"""
Breaking news: Another 1st overall bust for Edmonton!
"How generous of Sony, it's as if they never promised not to charge for multiplayer in the first place !"
I mean at their speed of releasing content those are minor bugs
"Yeah, that pesky law allowing slaves was so much better than this."
Look at you Mister Hotshot knows about instruments!
Fucking socialist
I'm sorry for your loss ;p
I'm so truly sorry some people don't speak American English
fucking rangers fans smh
"Few words with 3 syllables, down voted"
"But he said ""LoL"" so that makes it ok"
"Yeah, because in no way would it be exciting to see him compete with more top tier lightweights."
Yeah but you can't until I give consent.
But but Apple always makes sure to remind me of their Eco initiatives!
Wow you seem so informed
Definitely worse than the Holocaust.
And who saw that coming?
"Nah, google + integration is better."
But they're the job creators!
i kindof figured...your message was disjointed but missed the
A timex.
It's almost as if Apple had planned this before releasing the phone.
bitch are you on drugs
Definitely the best way to attract women to bitcoin.
I know it was a joke but I should have known better than to not put the
My roommate is Mexican and uses Android Pay at most of the places I use it.
"I think they need to make the video a little faster, I can still almost tell what is going on"
"It shouldn't, in the primitive days you don't have weeks to get food"
"I think he's busy doing some shopping at the moment, might be free later."
"Women are robots and by her touching it, she demagnetized the key."
Journalism at its finest ladies and gentlemen!
Three years just for some karma?
Maybe he was thinking about converting to Islam?
jokes on you... she didn't notice you have a FreeSync panel
No pockets 0/10
"No worries, its a very white state."
Those rich greedy bastards!
"Yeah thanks to our white Christian superiority, the USSR was able to break up with no lasting social problems plaguing its former members, unlike those barbaric Muslims."
Ubisoft happened to it.
Because increasing business in this country that will create jobs and tax income for the government would be awful.
I think he's just trying to put a lot of words that start with I because he's so funny
Never bow to the communist agenda.
But then how would you know what an amazing mom she is!
It's not the fact that you got a wellness exam that makes you a whore; it is the fact that you bleed for a week and don't die that makes you a whore.
You mean you don't love the Bad Cosmic King of Bad News Wasteland Barrett?
If you don't put in Tiencha I will be disappointed.
Sigh...
"I've burnt my flash because of this before, thats why im stuck in elo hell gg"
Who cares about sniper mains right?
"Okayyy, let the complain about Amethyst thread commence..."
Cuz we all know you can't get any precise aim on a console at all
Where else would you get the 150 million?
Only hackers can use vanilla server and play for free!
"I'm pretty sure that Squirtle's dad is a Blastoise, but I might be mistaken."
Aww man guess I Can't have jump on my scroll then
Yeah this can't possibly be true because cars can't be in the forest.
"Except it's not a ""religious group"" I mean yeah, they open and close with a prayer and make a point that you can't be sober without God and prayer and people talk about god the whole time, but I mean, what's religious about that, right?"
"Yes, I definitely will be lining up to dump my BTC and buy eFEDs!"
"Getting killed as a white person is justice, getting killed as a black person is RACISM."
Omg but Iran is just as bad.
"Cuz ""shillary"""
And none of this sissy right-turn crap!
Good luck finding a seat.....
"Um, her name was Harriet Tubman!"
"Man, look at all the weapons they found."
"I don't know why people are dowvoting you, this clearly has nothing to do with video games."
# lackofmotivationshaming # lazynessshaming It's so sad that the world only values people who are willing to put in hard work
There must be really good hospitals in Switzerland
By the time Turkey is ready we'll be a Islamic caliphate anyway....
"Funny, phasing out door to door delivery sounds just like the kind of thing Ford would usually support...after all, the postal workers are just lazy union workers, and delivery at your door is just gravy that can be saved..."
Belichick sounds so charming.
We all know its a CIA plot
"Yeah, cause Gaza and Nazi Germany/Imperial Japan are completely comparable entities"
"Poor bankers, I feel sad for them :("
"To be fair, everyone knows that picking your own fruit means that you accept money for sexual services."
You forgot the
"Because every Muslim believes that we're second class citizens, right?"
"""Evidence"" is a construct of white male supremacy."
"Nono, we have been assured CtR always identifies as such, they must be real supporters."
"It's good though, do you know how many shootings this would have prevented last year alone?"
"It's all good, the Republicans told us it's god's plan."
"Nah, it just means everybody in the US who isnt white, black, or arab."
I think you dropped this:
Obviously we need more government involvement in healthcare.
That doesn't describe every porn star ever.
If you don't support the refugees you're a racist
But not having to learn something new trumps all other reasons
I can't believe you had a lag rip with that build!
One shaped like a vulva is perfectly ok to grab though.
$47 
but he bows to the Japanese .. how forceful can he be?
Because live shows don't exist.
Grinch I'd Like to Fuck
He already has us up 7-0!
I was practically swooning from all the romance.
It's like there's no search on this reddit and we haven't talked about this at all this week
"Yeah, because being careless with emails and sexual assault/potential rape are equally bad."
"Standalone launcher doesn't even bother to save my ID half the time, god forbid if it had a password to remember too"
yeah every good player that isn't on TSM is overrated honestly
"Hey man yall just hired a black guy cause we hired a black guy, i mean god come up with your own ideas for once"
"Yeah, but there's no way they are related."
"It's not really, I like to rope the last turn so I can plan out my next few games."
Can say with 100% certainty that we would've won a title under Bradley by now.
"Lindsay is such a strong, bold, powerful woman"
You mean to tell me that the conversations with the holograms didn't do it for you?
"Pissing off the army, whose unofficial order during WW2 was ""No magyar taken alive"", was very smart move."
Obviously more deserving of tournament invites than Team Empire
"Yeah he ""took"" that money and flip flopped!"
Too bad Blake can only dunk.
"NO INDISPUTABLE EVIDENCE, BALL'S TRAJECTORY NEEDS TO CHANGE BY 2 FEET NOT ONE"
"This guy is mad, everyone knows dinosaurs are a fraud made by Satan!"
There's gotta be stuff for next year!
"Yes, they shouldn't have tried to get back what was theirs."
"Well she is wrong, obviously."
A god
"Don't worry, it's just satire."
What about our world cup?
"Yeah, OP, why didn't you instantly drop whatever you were doing when this god in human form messaged you?"
Only if it was Super_Nerd02
Good job using this meme correctly!
Yeah that damned kid should have tried harder to educate people on the other side of the world.
wow op nice brains you got there
"Ah, its so clear now!"
"Why, is it an ugly hooker?"
At least there is Firefox Hello.
Reading is really hard...
"Yea, it sucks these Arabs are bringing this rape over with them, because white people obviously don't do that."
Ugh so clear and descriptive in any language.
Damn hyperviolent vidja games making our kids kill people!
This is why we need Harper to steer us in the right direction!
This was my primary concern when deciding which way to vote and all I've been thinking about all morning.
I'd go for Nat Pagle since there is a chance that he draws more cards
I'm glad you got turned around.
FUCK YOU YOU SLAVE OWNER
"Yea, Boston fans are the only people downvoting here."
Well you know men and their delicate dainty sensibilities and their emotional explosivity....
your
But it's 50% off
*Thank you for your service*
You forgot this...
Apparently you don't really.
You sound like a top notch contributor to society.
I bet all 6 of the cops wanted him dead and it was their intent to *murder* him.
Waiting for CCPs presentation video of their new warp in selection interface.
"Well, you're here, so obviously you weren't righteous enough."
"""What is this disco shit?"""
Not if you cover your scent with patchouli!
"Come on, man, you need to get your priorities straight and start posting more"
The trick is to make sure there's more weight outside the SUV - so the SUV won't be hurt in a crash...
....Do you really have a choice?
"Remember, its just one bad apple, the rest of them are just fine"
But unity tho!
You forgot the
OH MY GOD CIS SCUM TRIGGERED ME.
"if they could just get rid of those pesky Palestinians, this wouldn't be a problem..."
I think it's time you made a post about how opinions aren't allowed on this subreddit.
"People were doing that throughout history all the time, why not make some shekels while doing so?"
"Alright clever clogs, you tell him how institutional child abuse is Labor's fault and he'll support the enquiry."
He was talking about the Ok kind of rape where the woman acts like she doesn't want it but she does.
But killing people is more important than knowing how the Universe works.
"Eh I'm a couple pennies short of $350,000."
Poor mans Coutinho
"Ya, but what does Bob Flexner know about finishing anyway?"
Murderer.
Who needs science when you have the Bible?
Fuck you and your success
Hitler was right.
"Yeah, I hate black people but as long as I don't advocate against them then my hate isn't a bad thing!"
"No, no, because that's totally better than just raping them, that's why MC decided to do it."
"Ya, why pay cash when you can give banks interest?"
you forgot your
Where we're going we don't need space!
"Yes, but unless girls have sex with *them*, they are whores...see?"
I'm offended.
speak for yourself
If he wanted an All Star he clearly would have went with Heatley.
Great... Just got off the crack and now I'm addicted again!
"Prohibition, it always works."
"Can't see why you're complaining OP, you got all the must have Xbone exclusives"
I thought future bass was trap and trap was dubstep
"Refuses to defend discrimination, runs a budget surplus he refuses to squander, controls greenhouse gas emissions, really just terrible..."
I hope your handwriting has improved.
Maybe the Jets follow their trend of bringing in ex-Bears and get Jay Cutler this offseason.
"Oh well, i always wanted to try, i guess, put it in Tumblr, yes, yes without lube."
"What do you mean, all brown people are the same."
That'll show the European Union!
"Naw, you guys will show up I'm sure"
Yeah but ROS isn't driving a rigged car.
Mystery is the best defense.
May you stand condemned of your own soiled and contaminated mind.
And just like his dad and brother he will save us from peace and prosperity.
You guys don't have a quality loss
Yeah we should have burst the dikes and flooded the entire country like Nixon wanted to
"Yes, because gloves magically make people more hygienic!"
At least he's being honest
"Well, I guess that's the whole point, isn't it?"
Decent 5/10
yeah because not putting them on the lounge will fix all ddos problems
Just play a hero which can carry.
"Have a soul, do your weeklys."
"sorry, forgot to add"
*incompetate
Humblebrag for owning a plane.
Max Landis
"You people are so racist.You need to be more open minded like the Left.I am sure a multi-culture environment ,moderate Muslims along with LOVE,HUGS AND UNICORNS AND RAINBOWS FARTING OUT OF OUR ASS will cause the Terrorist attacks to become unsucessfull In fact ,YOU people are so misinformed, THE ISIS TERRORISTS are actually very kind people and their god is very kind and graceful too Okay that is it for now,I need to go now and hug some immigrants and allow him to grope me,just so he could know how tolerant I am."
That's because a girl's virginity and sexual purity is more important and more valuable than a boy's.
"Bench Alex Smith, he can't win us games."
Isn't Voter Suppression bad?
"Hey, I don't like the way you said *black*"
i really hope this is
Canadians only!
they were both quite good :D
That's due to the sheer number of mexicans in the states that are now afforded the luxury of celebration.
OP must be spending too much time here so he can't recognize irony without
surprise
And I bet he voted Democrat in every election.
"Yeah, but they don't love the guns like we do!"
But DRM doesn't work!
Multi-GPU keyboards are a thing now?
its not like most players know how to play their champs or game at all
thanks obamacare
On it
Plays at an elite level for a crappy team and then gets traded to a contender in the twilight of his career?
cheese manufacturers have been conspiring to poison consumers long enough
you should see a doctor
"Some of us have a budget, you condescending fuck."
"Obviously screenshot and post your account as an image to reap the sweet, delicious, karma."
Oh but there's no voter fraud going on.
"He's hurt man, give him a break."
"Finally, all those Japan obsessed weeaboos will be taken seriously!"
I wanted the karma *le cry* :'(
"GTFO, rancid swine."
#praise the lord and reason for is entire sub
It's a buff to Piloted Shredder.
"Sorry, didn't realise just how furious I was at you"
But it was just edited to make her look bad!
"LATEST HEADLINE FROM NEW YORK TIMES: #TRUMP TWEETS ABOUT ""ISIS (A GOOD THING)"""
So much for your government grants.
It's about time they got to play outdoors.
***I JUST WANT TO BE LOVED OKAY***
But you're already so good at it.
I'm sure you believe Trump when he says he made his fortune.
Now that would be inappropriate for the kids playing the game!
never heard this one b4
I don't understand how they think they can just get away with this.... The investigation has potential to harm the profits of our glorious corporate masters and will not be allowed.
What kinda ship is that?
At least they didn't show our camels and turbans.
He meant to commit keikaku actually
I miss Tobias
"Clearly, it was your fault for being a good and loving father."
You forgot your
Female orgasms are a myth anyway
Yeah that's equivalent
I really wanna have a nice family day where the KKK holds protests regarding the confederate flag!
Mission Accomplished?
"Thats outdated, weak hardwer man, you should update it"
"New VS pistol confirmed as kazoo, its charge up!"
"I too think an expansion of corporate hegemony over asian markets, and tearing down barriers to quarterly profits are more important than my neighbors."
"Yes, the fact that the Bucs got penalized 16 times is evidence that the refs were biased, not that the Bucs committed a lot of penalties that game"
"But if you reject god, you're trying to live without ultimate accountability for your actions."
If Obama takes away my bombs...
Well he can't since Cam Newton and LeBron are black and Chip Kelly is racist
I'm sure everyone in the military will attack American citizens too
Adding that there must be similar connections to the sex act.
Forgot to put a
Because people will die unless the government gets involved
But I love the original Die Rise on Spider-Man 2 (only real Treyarch fans know ;))
thanks you're the best.
srsly fuck this guy and his coveted vinyl LP's
"I love science, it's so logical and reasonable compared to the idiocy of religion!"
He cant be that bad... I won 4 back to back Super bowls with Whisenhunt as my coach in Madden how hard could it be?
I don't know if I would have used gravely.
But at least there are no more bots or gold sellers!
Where's all the diversity?
A house elf apparates right in with the baby then apparates right back out with the baby.
You don't think you can safely fit 4 kids in that pool?
You missed the
"If you give me steam games, I'll be whatever age you want baby ;))))"
"Every time someone died: ""He's lagging"" SO fucking funny."
Almost like a white privilege scale...
"Agreed, it's the company who sold him the phone is to blame!"
"Why not, I mean, evolution is just a theory."
But I fantasy league...
The problem is that people aren't working as they should.
"Man, having the 32nd pick that season really sucked"
I'm so glad that John Roberts cleared up the misunderstanding that this is all corrupt as fuck.
FEVE N00TS AT CVS C0NFORMED
What a lovely bunch of people.
Glad to see that the comments on the article aren't transphobic or otherwise kinda shitty at all
because every single thing is either alpha or beta and the link must be labeled as either alpha or beta so we can know what to think about it and know for sure that OP is down with TRP.
Sounds like Kessel
That's the one with the little girl from Kick Ass right?
Ty for ruining my cheap zulrah food haha
"oh, that's original..."
"(unfairly judges you as a person for using tape to hang your poster) Regardless I do love that poster, have it hanging as well (in a frame) 0____0"
McDavid showing that many former first round busts have a nice set of hands
Oh please enlighten us as to the rest of the iceberg!
So I guess you are * winning
So...means she's right!
That's what propaganda and bias does :/ no need for critical thinking and self research
"Oh, didn't you know that it's okay to completely disregard people if their opinions aren't in align with your own?"
Doesn't with windows phones then?
Or get this deluxe remastered edition for $120 which includes the remastered DLC and some useless figurines and artbooks
How else will you know that you're not ugly if everyone doesn't tell you that you aren't?
She looked happier in the first photos...
"Yea, change characters to your hunter"
yes impact is a noob cause he died in a 1v4
"Koje iznenadjenje, u Rusiji ima dosta botnet servera."
average
Freedom of speech is impressive in Ukraine
"nah, critical thinking and educated choices are for cucks."
Because every woman in the world has interests that don't extend past expensive shoes and purses!
"If Laich is gold and Nylander has no compete, then clearly the only smart thing for the Leafs to do is gear up for a Cup run with Laich and see if they can ship off Nylander while his value is still decently high"
Riot is waiting for everyone to stop moaning and complaining about not having it before they release it.
Or you can just down-vote it
"Well dang, how did Peyton not get one after Shuler got 2nd then?"
Just get him to work there so you can get a discount.
Yes that's why I don't advocate for the rights of people I can't possibly understand nor am particularly fond of..
That will narrow it down...
"So you're saying the police were wildly incompetent in carrying out their massacre, and lost a few of their own...yeah that makes it better"
"You did, you just don't know it yet."
Well I must say I'm shocked
"too long, didn't read...assuming no"
If we had subways or that hippie u/markybaby didn't insist on walking like a communist instead of safely driving this tragedy wouldn't have happened.
"Hey, jeg nyder faktisk min Samsung ROM"
"and whatever you do, ignore the wizards in the middle, they can't hurt you and they're unkillable anyway"
Yeah dumb bitch fearing for her life and grabbing on to him in a moment of fear
What a nice guy!
Isn't that saying something.... ^^Teeheehee
I think this is the most crazy comment here
"Don't worry, they said it's in a future update so I'm sure they'll get around to it!"
**Flame Leviathan**
"I suppose you could always ""have an accident"" and give it up for adoption and claim it is because you are anti abortion or something."
It's only homophobic if you murder 50 of them in a nightclub right?
"He's from Southampton, so obviously a Liverpool fan"
Win95 was just that good...
DAE literally-thousands-of-years-old joaks are SO FUNNAY
No full table no care
That sounds dangerously close to natural selection... Which we all know is problematic because it favors the fit over the unfit...
"TIL Google is in fact purely an advertising agency, and doesn't run the worlds most popular search engine, or host the entirety of youtubes content, isn't an up and coming ISP, etc."
"Yeah, that snap was totally meant for her boyfriend."
"I was joking bro, do i got to put the"
let me just run up steal the gun and rob some places
And all polls have only ever shown themselves to be completely objective and true with no ulterior motive.
"""a video that talks about the daily truth"" Definitely propaganda"
"Apparently, the 3 Israeli teens kidnapped and murdered by Hamas were really PLO members trying to form a unity government"
"Yes, out of millions of fans you are the only one."
"Ah, a submarine!"
He could need to adjust his carburetor floats too.
"Are you alright from carrying all those groceries, you must be so strong and independent."
One of the most above average 4 1v1's I've ever seen!
I'm so insecure that watching other people have fun makes me cringe.
Did it produce anti-gravity?
I'm just waiting for the
Rail is so good at this campaigning thing.... :|
The kind not touched by Satan obviously.
"Yeah, it's definitely a malicious ploy by those evil Republicans to get more votes for themselves."
Surely the Zebu steaks are imported from Africa not Europe?
"Yeah, free speech is shady."
Years?
filthy non-cognitivist!
Back when you could jump old man?
It's a shame that there wasn't someone there with a gun to stop them.
Because the government has never put out malware...
"Yea you do, you're playing osrs"
Your dad has an autobiography?
"He's not a prick, he's an attractive young woman!"
"Come NYE I'm going to be shouting ""Let's Go Hawks"" through the whole set"
Yeah definitely blow out of proportion.
I'll give you 100$ for it
He did what he needed to do.
"Wow, time for Danny Green to GTFO."
call of duty: why are you still playing
Frankie is better.
But the gubbmint and big moon just want to deceive us because there is no way we would want to explore space if we didn't have a moon!
"He was obviously resisting, did you miss that?"
"Lmao, but pls put that"
Must be true cuz republicans have never tried to politicize the deaths of Americans or terrorism before.
Arkham knight
"Of course not, but that's because cancer is not a character defect caused by thinking too much, the way that infertility totally is."
They're on 9gag.
Clearly you're just wrong then.
"I thought abortion on demand, for free, was part of Obamacare?"
"It had to be the pinkos, how else would the minorities have known who Justin Trudeau is?"
You're scaring me.
You forgot the
"Carly Fiorina just dropped out, so who else are the young women going to vote for now?"
"""Just destroy the artillery"" Wow this is just incredible advice."
I think Deception is prove that most of our fanfiction are a lot more lore-friendly than the official ones...
And that is before the Europeans brought guns and conservation to America
"I'm an Imperial and I joined the Stormcloaks, I regret it because now I want to [kill Ulfric so that I can get his armor instead of Tullius's.]"
That guy gets all the ladies... How did you manage to keep your panties from flying off?
"Careful way out there, that's a long limb."
I optimistically read the parent comment with a trailing
Is it actually that much better or is this
"Poor guy, maybe he has a feet cleaning company that's going out of business."
"Good for Spielberg, he needed that."
Go Latvia !
Not three words
"Not sure what I'm looking at, all i see is insmell HD graphics."
I hope to god you forgot to put in the
"Yep exactly I mean if operational now means floating in the water with a flag, then the Yorktown is the oldest operational carrier."
"About the same, except America will be great again."
"Dude, Aldo is a scrub and always has been."
"Classic greedy Jews, keeping all the good stuff from us."
Rust started going downhill when they fixed the stacking bug...
Just the kind of government employee we need.
People who don't use the gamecube godtroller aren't people
Well yeah but you have to keep letting some women use it as a weapon to destroy other peoples lives without any merit to the claims otherwise the women that did get raped are to afraid to say anything!
Clearly showcasing Baptiste for the upcoming Cam Fowler trade.
"Lol, omg she totally deserved to die because of that one time she was wrong."
"No nothing helps you lose weight, gain energy, bond or makes your baby healthy except for breastfeeding"
"i've found that ""accident"" less violent and offensive than this, but now we're in 2016 baby"
"I know, what's the deal with them always needing construction equipment to improve the roads!"
real people who steal my blue buff on purpose gg reported go back to cosplay noob
"Did you mean ""would have"" helped?"
"And the Malvinas, how where the presidential election results over there?"
Just slow slap it out.
"Yep, suspend him as long as the guy that concussed a ref and ended his season, that seems about right"
Called the Chairforce for a reason
Almost as good as GTA V...
Ya cuz heimerdonger can have unlimited turrets right?
We are?
And too fat fattie
Use
"Here, you dropped this:"
Ikr DAE cLOUDDEADD
But louder is beteerr
"Once a cheater, always a cheater"
But you can't oppress rich people so it doesn't count
good thing they don't have a monopoly
Well this is awkward... should I still contact you on twitter?
"Yeah, people who do their jobs are real assholes."
You mean anti-flammable?
Modern art
"awwww, those poor poor unionized policemen."
"I'm sorry, I forgot to add"
Captain Partyman
Then we are all fucking doomed.
Which console is this on?
"But it's for his own good, he needs to ""man up!"""
Is there no delete / move to trash option in your email program?
establishment $hills
It's almost like we need some sort of larger organization that all the states would belong to that would handle and regulate these issues.
"No wonder he never talks, his mouth is so damn small!"
Yeah and Bellator's 135 division is just loaded top to bottom with killers
who?
I am deeply offended.
Yeah dude I actually think that their entire team is bad
You forgot to add an
"Oh no no no, the audio jack HAS to die, how else is Apple going to force you to use their proprietary headphones instead of the 20 dollar pair you like?"
You wouldn't have to reload this often if you had better aim
Source?
That's a lot of eco frags
"No, they just don't want them to be gay anymore."
Who's tuttle?
THE FEELS :'( :'( :'( :'( :'(
Piracy
"Play, manipulate people with marketing and cheat reddit inc, no big diff right?"
Fun fact: only gay people have penetrative sex.
sorry forgot the
He can sit on him if he wants
"Dang, you would have thought they were getting new uniforms or something."
It's literally Hitler in three steps.
"But asking out guys is so easy as a woman, women should always make the first move because they never get rejected!"
Uh... Better Buy?
"Toast too crisp, 2/10..."
"And this year they are still there and the title picture is Sheamus vs Reigns, really no idea why it dropped"
Im going to need a source signed by a notary and your local pornography expert.
"jesusss, no waaaaaaay"
"Yes, because Christians and Muslims are identical."
"yes, but it's old, so it *can't* be worth over $100 ^_^"
Why isn't Sage in the main event?
At least he's got that .500 BA with RISP...
"Why is everyone so angry about this, they said they will limit it to 12 year olds now... everything is fixed"
Because clearly you owe them something.
That's the first thing they teach in boot camp ... Jump and fire to win a battle.
"Yes, because dogs and humans are clearly on the same level of intelligence and awareness."
Just thought it was lots of gym bros wearing sweet tanks
"They said it was based on their opinion ""IMO"", so they don't need any sources"
Never knew that.
Yeah because getting roofied and raped/robbed could never result in the same type of situation and roofing and robbing people is not common in vegas.
"As an ex-uq student, I endorse this comment"
Did you have a hard time coming up with that username?
You are not allowed to talk about production
I'm glad that pillow was in focus the whole time.
"I'm not a fan of the Cowboy's but calling them ""butthole surfers"" is pretty derogatory man."
Y'all get off Reddit and get cracking!
Did not deliver :(
"On this subreddit, skipping to the comments instead of reading the articles is surely the way to get the most accurate information."
Totally because it was undertaker choice
"STOP FOLLOWING ME YOU FREAK, jeez"
Well these guys are doing something to get dates
But good thing none of Hilary's mail is in there since she wasn't on those mail servers.
"Gets thrown out at 1st going for that second run around the bases, that's a homerun"
"""But I actually sometimes die in my yak-9 against Japan so they *must* be easy to play"""
"Nope, not a single one."
lol cuz this movie totally isnt shitty and its definitely those hateful men
Grades are a social construct made by the patriarchy to discriminate against minorities!
Never drinking whiskey again
Yes it was an easy one too!
How would an Aggie know?
They know everything they need to know about Turkish politics from that ELI5 that got posted after the July 15 coup
The victim is society
PC Mustard Rice.
Can you tell me about the time when Ottomans formed Arabia?
Because no one EVER has been upset they missed out on an opportunity and lashed out before.
"Yeah, there's absolutely no reason to have a quality back up QB."
"Perhaps them saying *""Allahu Akbar""* is the same as people shouting *""World Star""* or something..."
Battlestar Galactica is a space-themed Clue!
And everyone has an attorney.
"Doom 4 looks like Shit, anyone that is exited for that game is a jar of fagoo."
"But driving is a right, not a privilege!"
OMG SO GUD UR ALMSLOT AS GUD AS LIVIN TOOMSTONER BEST YOOTUBE EVR 69/69
So was Barak HUSSEIN Obama.
This isn't a dress up Barbie game
"no, we're on a different country."
Camelot feels very bad for the poor people that can't play their games for A WHOLE DAY
"Yeah, more butts in the seats, more consession buys, no more money"
You must be an mra for not choosing sides
Whites have it so much worse off than other races.
"Oh no, he has been kicked a few times in untold hours of gameplay!"
Brisbane?
not at all
Sounds like **someone** thinks it's National Barbecue Day!
"I""M JUST BRUTALLY HONEST"
When they [had that flashback scene with Clementine and Lee in season 2 it hit me so hard.]
"That's right, side cars don't get mechanical wear from being driven like normal cars... or maybe it's that their maintenance is free..."
"Because, you, know, when Rob Ford poses for pictures with people its different and totally acceptable."
Gotta expose dat Obama Bin Laden !
"Well yeah, but you can't pay a fraud settlement with money that your son won in poker"
gee I don't know
And yet they control everything!
Except Russia is not corrupt and the West is out to get them for no reason what so ever.
They all look the same
No spoilers tag?
"Yes, people committing crimes is *totally* analogous to people playing a different game mode that other players find obnoxious."
"Cocaine turns into soap all the time, it has a soap half life....."
not enough exclusives
You cheat the system.
Are... Are time has come
That's heaven opening up for you as you pulled your cell phone out to take a pic :-)
Only some of us use mice.
Only drug users and pushers are being killed.
And that's the good news about Ms Conway.
I LOVEEE when people claim to know your body better than you do....
Is that what 100% means?
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy!
"What the article is called: ""Ukraine's IMF Bailout: Too Little Too Late"" What you named the thread: ""Ukraine's economy is fucked: IMF wants austerity"" good job"
But it's different!
Yea man it sucks that men are never held to any unrealistic standards that women aren't held to
"Lol, it's not his turn."
You tell those sheeple buddy
so they shrink the older they get?
Golpistas win.
You forgot the
Haha ur funny
"Oh yea, The Laugh Factory wouldn't exist if it wasn't for him."
"Damn I was supposed to go in early March, but not that it's owned by ABinBev I'm not supporting it!"
Pay to win
"You just died too much, not s+ worthy if you die."
That giant hulking switch on my back.
but... but... but... they earned it :(
I bet thats a toggle on OSbuddy!
...but I'm on my phone and it doesn't show the sidebar!
I wonder if there are wives wondering where savings went...should be
That's racist!
"Because the space program costs us so much, relative to our budget."
"Wait i thought Clarkson was the next coming of Magic Johnson, why wpuld you want to replace him with a non allstar?"
And Benghazi; don't forget Benghazi!
How can this be cos play there isn't even any cleavage
I think you forgot this.
"Wow, I totally expected Rammus' outplay."
"Ye mate, they're all closet racists."
"But... but coal energy isn't destroying the planet, and if you want solar panels and windmills, or you want the EPA to mandate that you can't cover neighborhoods in coal dust, you're a godless commie and you hate Ameriiiiiccccaaaaaaaaaaaaa"
I love paying money to go into a club to pay more money for overpriced drinks and mediocre entertainment!
That wall can't come soon enough.
Stop being so sexist!
Someone on that 88 team really wanted to get Alex Bowman in the car.
If you rerack the bar quietly how will everyone else in the room know to look at you?
"Not sure if it's a ""twist"" per se, but in Torchwood: Children of Earth when they find out [the aliens are using the kids as recreational drugs.]"
Oh yeah because if you're not rich and famous then you are scum.
I hear them street smarts is the same as 4 degrees.
*shocked* I don't think anyone saw THAT coming.
He makes himself sound to desirable.
"Good thing this happened off the job, he was a model cop for sure."
And has a big back seat
But...but...HE WAS COACH OF THE YEAR THIS ONE TIME!
"Rage comics, just what this sub needs."
Oh but they have to change the order of the homework questions so students can't use a previous version
automatically at a disadvantage for using discord
"So if I smoke a lot, bigger chances?"
Overseas but not abroad because America rules the waves
Yeah man EU is gonna take over the fucking world
And Trumps gonna win Cali in the GE
Well as long as you tell everyone I guess it's OK.
"Yes, because no one commits crimes in disarmed populaces."
Just because your friends open their home to friends and acquaintances doesn't give them a free pass to break into others' homes.
"Yeah, let Jeb Bush win -he'll totally be a peace-sucking hippie!"
"No, but he was born in the west and thus he's better than those muslims in the middle east."
because bernies terrible secret is going be revealed and leave his campaign in tatters.
I just don't understand why there aren't more scythes around
But political correctness is what is really ruining comedy.
The only reason to own a gun is to make up for inadequate penis length.
Yet another job lost to automation!
"Nope didnt hit depth, not once"
"It's a Barca youngster, of course it was genius play."
Just wait for DSIII: Scholars Edition with DX12 support.
US college is so expensive because of the internet
"yes, who could expect Apple to put limitations on the use of apps and hardware....."
"Keep blaming whitey, its a winning strategy."
"If you pirate it, they get 100% of the money you spent."
"And last time they changed Star Wars it went so well, right?"
Because I was born white.
I bet it happens to you a lot.
"Xiaomi's next ad is going to have the tagline ""We make phones to die for"""
Not THIS again!
Oh well if that's the case then I don't see what the fuss is about.
"See, you just don't understand how much HAAARDER it is to be a grown man than a child."
"You'd have a bigger epeen here on reddit, isn't that enough of a reason?"
"Yes, that is exactly what I said."
"Also, it's not enslaving poor people to subject them to insane healthcare and rent prices with a meager minimum wage."
Yeh your totally right it's a well known fact that most neith players are horrible people.
Even the game is telling you that you have no life....
"But don't you see, he was being witty and insightful by mocking sexism!"
Democrats are working hard to push back on the DC riders
Quantum chem?
I hear Hillary is deep in the pockets of *Big Math*
Totally unlike the vast majority of redditors who are so self-assured.
"Yeah, because I've seen plenty of actual homosexuals raging against girls who like dolls, this pic is so true and not exagerated at all"
Taking all bets
"I have heard conflicting information that it's between 5 and 10, but my estimates put it around 21 to be honest."
"They only can't do that because they don't have any hands, you dummy!"
"Nah, God has a plan."
Hilarious.
Minnesota is like -30 degrees in August
"Yes, teams on a virtual game are exactly like black people having to go to schools for ""colored people."""
Driving high is easy so how hard can it be for a pilot.
"Everyone is talking about those two huge movies going head to head, but I bet that Pusha T short film will destroy both of those."
OMG u want to passively keep up with acquaintances instead of calling and talking to 2000 people every month for 1/2 an hour?
"Yeah, in case they go with that design, they have a lot to test in milling compared to the 6..."
Yer' VW is killing the planet.
Siri doesn't want you to know that jet fuel can't melt steel beams.
You could say he took a harlem shake to the tummy
Pay coin you say?
So you're part of the problem...
Yeah because every problem is cause of DDOS.........
"Yeah, this game is so unrealistic!"
"No no, a third of the US is just waiting to hit puberty and cease being overweight."
"Ah, the best restaurant strategy."
"So you are saying, there is a chance..."
I recommend the Bose soundlink color.
Yeah its not like our recent recession caused a global recession or anything.
Nice spoiler tag there
"It's real Hide in your bunkers and start investing in gold, the economy crash is upon us"
I hope she's Killer Frost with a really thick Southern accent this time.
When i get a new GPU ill of course fill up the places between 1 and 5 in your top 5 plays so sure just do it but wait for me ;-)
Stop glorifying war you war-monger!
How many souls have you poisoned
"bruh mexico is paying that wall, right?"
"Here, you dropped this:"
"Didn't you know this meme is now ""Double Standards Woman""?"
finally... damn dog was useless before this picture.
"Those damn insufferable twit Germans who insist Porsche is pronounced ""poor-sha""... who are they to tell us how to correctly pronounce their language?"
chalta hai sir
LITERALLY *GAME BREAKING*
Yeah your candidate just makes a *few* dozen racist remarks and the libtards will find a way to twist it like that's important.
"Obviously they need white people to be offended on their behalf, since minorities are incapable of such social insight"
League of Legends teaches you teamwork!
Yes because they ban every single card right away
I didn't realize the Gestapo had medical degrees.
But they found the poker with cob webs on it.
That's probably why you shouldn't post.
"But if all GamerGaters are men, how can his girlfriend be a GamerGater?"
You get cloned.
Don't you mean *Cultural Marxism*?
I DUNNO WHY WE ARE YELLING!
Because she is cancer
#TOLERANT AND PEACEFUL AS FUCK
"Oh yeah, then why do some states have funky shapes?"
the truth is that it is very beautiful no
Just imagine how much more they would've sold if they'd used DRM.
well nba rules says if you hit a player's head and the ball goes out of bounds it's just the ball back to the offensive player
"But he's a defender, so he won't be doing that again"
It's just Chinese air mail.
Proof that video game peripherals are teaching people to be violent.
Literally Hitler.
Needs a lenny face for the fudge layer of
Implying that's not what were like.
"Totally worth being caged with a tree, she would have gotten an amazing view of the band from there"
And a waste of UK foren aid
You forgot the
B-but he was just asking what idgaf means
"Should have sent her to Guantanamo for an ""enhanced interrogation."""
"Thanks for that refutation, you totally destroyed my point"
"Mike Tice, obviously."
"The author was just testing us, of course."
Damn that's original
"No, but muslim isn't an ethnicity so I can be as horrible as I want."
And in a game you should be polite and let your enemies reload it would be unsportsmanlike not to
you just need more gold mvp stars.
"It's incredible to contemplate, isn't it?"
EA
"Yeah but Florida football was only founded in 1990, so it only took us 6 years."
You forgot the
Eddie McGuire.
"Oh god, the contrails already got to you!"
Just a joke bro!
Der Riese
"Yup, being swept by the current NBA Champions that defeated a team that went 73-9 during the NBA season is definitely something to discredit their offense."
Hyperbole is funny~!
You just ruined the game
"Oh but they're ""form fitting""...we might see the little girl's ""figure""."
I thought The Moment Racism Ended was when we elected a black president
That isn't because of common sense but because your zinc industry lobbyists suck.
Well it's a good thing you had the smash demo screen up so you could post it here for some reason .
"Yeah screw them, they're the evil rich people!"
But Smackdown has Cena!
Don't act like there are any other players on the cavs that are worth a dime!
"One could still drive it dry, no?"
Or the massive amount of maintenance required to repair a bike lane due to that leaky oil sump on your bike?
"Duh obviously all the male ""victims"" will call in and the female victims won't be able to get though"
Obviously this guy must have had a record.
Yes because we totally didn't have dust that ate people in Series 4.
"A little long winded, try condensing it down."
"Don't be silly, poor people don't deserve a decent standard of living."
"She doesn't have the priesthood, it's not like she has authority over him."
These fine gentlemen are going to bring multiculturalism to Europe!
Batman v Superman
"Because that's totally what happens in Hearthstone, a completely F2P game that does the same thing."
Naa its way easier to strike a perfectly timed volley into the top corner!
"Yes, because everyone knows people who happen to be in Israel are all supportive of the war, and in fact deserve to be bombed."
DUDE RITO ONLY FAVOURS WESTERN TEAMS \*PUTS TIN FOIL HAT*
Believing that people have inherent value and worth is emotional ...
You can't have immigrants if you're all one country!
But the CG *totally* made up for it!
Color me shocked.
I am sure the free market will fix this just like it did with the passenger pigeon and the Buffalo.
You mean people won't buy silvers in an MVP collection for 30k?
"Yeah guys, don't you want to see the Panthers vs Hurricanes?"
BECAUSE HE'S MEAN.
Because Spanish colonies are flourishing
The fix is in!
But won't a Felony make it hard for them to get a job?
No it is scandalous and evil and they should be boycotted!
"I don't know what this is, so I'm going to down vote it."
Shaking from all the adderall.
You mean having a bunch of almost vampire slayers suddenly becoming vampire slayers and an entire town turning into a giant pit didn't wrap that show up nicely for you?
Have you tried working harder and not feeling entitled to food?
You get out of here with your smart ideas!
Hahaha you forgot the
But it's against a filthy heathen so it is justified and not alignment altering.
Use
"Don't worry the IDE will just puke out all that boilerplate for you, so it's not a problem at all you see."
This is how mass shooters start out!
Oh sure magic dick fixes everything.
Star Wars!
I am sure that one would go over really well.
What victims?
So Innovative!
"Hey man face it, this is Reddit, shouldn't you be looking at a retirement home?"
"No, you see, it's funny because he appeals to a demographic younger than those who have hit puberty."
Please tell me you forgot the
He dropped the
"I thought that if they strike him down, he'd come back more powerful than we could possibly imagine?"
Eating in moderation is STUPID
"Yeah unless he used steroids to hit her, obviously it wasn't that bad of a thing to do."
"dont forget the best one , new vegas"
Because Mosley rocked him
ACCOUNT LITERALLY RUINED OMG.
"Maybe this is a shot in the dark but, maybe it's the firewall?"
"OOC Nah, rehab's for pussies."
Clearly there is a hill with a 40 degree angle below the lamp post.
"But if their licenses were revoked, it would only make them more right, because they're literally being censored for speaking the truth!"
AND YOKO IS LITERALLY HITLER
Brent idiot get it right
nsfw
Except Rose obviously
Time for a reboot!
"I can't confirm whether this is true or not, but I'm really glad that you're actively encouraging people to come inside at 4am, so I have to completely stop my work, and ring up *another* $5 gas sale."
Gender studies.
Gender studies as taught in university now days explained in one sentence.
Kasalanan yan nung ale naglaban pa siya
"I don't know, I can still barely make out some UI elements, they could make black on black, ooh, that's so edgy and modern!"
But then his mother would have got breast cancer.
The people that are going to use racial slurs will definitely be stopped by a post telling them not to.
OP should really check with everyone on Reddit before posting
"Welp, that settles it, once and for all."
Nice jeep.
That's not a Wingull...
"He's the ""Affirmative Action"" president so he's obviously racist"
Shh agree with the hivmind please
Would this count as objectifying women?
God can you believe people actually can't read sarcasm?
Should have used loctite...
But the game works for me so your problems are invalid.
"sorry, maybe i should have added"
"But, but,.... those little asshole dogs bark a lot...."
"Yeah, that's what the police do."
Obviously something only hackers use
you missed the
"Teams like VCU and Butler will never make the finals, especially in a year where the top teams have proven themselves to be so consistent."
Such an intellectual comment
Thanks a lot Kaepernick!
What's more fake... The face or the tits
"Obviously, Putin!"
"That's, like, just a theory."
But.... but.... my pro spam sapping strats....
"He's a depressed, washed, loser."
"These types of incidents happens all over small towns in Montana, Utah, and Iowa where gun ownership is very high."
The whole 500 people pc community is excited too.
I personally loved when all we posted was AKs
Yeah 4 out of 50 is too much for sure
Spoiler alert: He bought a Hubsan X4.
"But he LOOKS black, which is all that counts."
"Yeah, but he didn't have the star power, so clearly it couldn't have been a reference to him."
TIL Renekton is trash
Dat *catalan* empire!
don't you know that BMW's automatically sprout turn signals when the third owner buys them?
B-but you're saving four dollars!
"Peter Parker mastered the abilities of an animal for use for combat, Beastmaster confirmed :P"
Because we all haven't seen this one yet.
This doesn't seem like the sort of thing that a responsible adult would be doing.
"If it's not infowars, breitbart or Stormfront, it's biased and mainstream."
You forgot to say
"Well, that means that there were no criminals or felons trying to buy guns through legal transfers, right?"
Don't forget all the competitions that they won for those jury votes ..
They didn't fit the requirements obviously.
"""to help them pay cyber ransoms"" Lol I'm sure that's the only reason."
"McCrae recently followed this account, confirmed for 100% legit."
your forgot your
"W is just a combo of two U's anyway, totally not a real letter."
"so basically the author created an elaborate narrative around 2 things: 1 - Pixar likes putting in little easter egg homages to their other films 2 - Man vs Society is a popular literary/narrative conflict yup, suuuuuper impressed..."
If only they would read my FB posts!
Can't wait for the lyrical content!
O-M-G i think u solved it.
But that 25% of like 140 power is worth being an item behind the other mid.
"Nah, I think I'd rather go for the official Xbox branded 2 TB drive for $130."
DAE non-stem degrees are useless?
"On September 4, 2001."
no you see anything not 100% in favor of stalin or mao is bourgeouis in some way
"Well especially now that, thanks to Brexit, English is no longer an EU language and the Germans will take control of English pronunciation!"
"The emails can't matter, right?"
Surprised Tancredi didn't win the fair play away
What a shock!
But but non-Americans aren't people!
Just check how Vitor looked at 19
Seagal can't be revealing those super secret fight ending techniques for the whole world to see now.
"Yea, those kids are idiots."
"Wow, so many as compared to the almost daily attacks committed in the name of Islam"
"Oh I'm sure it was just another terrorist with islamic ""leanings"" but not an islamic terrorist."
"I'm so glad we've solved poverty, fixed the environment, and cured cancer, as it allows us to now focus on the most minuscule of ""problems""."
I forgot the
Fake!
Obviously it only records your game play so it can share it back to MS.
He's so pro.
Probably the candidate who's supporters dont do their own research lol.
"Yeah, it also doesn't support JPEGs or typing words."
obviously you don't know what ***twice*** means
"But, but, but... if you raise their taxes, how will they be motivated to do anything?"
Breaking News: A Friend eats condoms!
Thats why i always wear my fedora.
"To each ""their"" own, your microaggressions are really making me upset"
They go by alphabetical order sorry man
You forgot the:
Your gran has obviously never had kids.
"Wow, I'm so offended"
Why would you want them to take another meme away from us?
"Hmph but if you don't have thirty kids, how will you ever retire?"
"So if Germany/West Germany played in half the finals, and half the answers include Germany, does this mean all finals are the best finals?"
"Yah, everything is so assymetric.... Seems to be leaning to the Left a bit."
"The smiley faces make it ""okay"" for him to say"
"Lol, Drumpf can't win, obviously the polls are rigged for him."
pshhh everyone knows basketball players have to be tall
"Wow you're so original, I wonder if everyone ever thought of this before"
I'm sure you'll make a great teacher.
"As someone who is actually schizophrenic, we find that sticker very offensive."
"""Waiting like oxytocin"" Modern day Shakespeare"
Ya because there has never been one time in all of recorded history where a bus has rolled over or hit something more massive than itself.
"Check your privilege shitlord, you men can't be trusted to think from your position."
Obviously Robin
actually the climb is called horn 10a(soft)
If KP was in the team they would have won 5-0 #plsbringkpback
"Yeah, cuz that's how it worked in S3."
"Hey, who let the sketchy person in here."
Yeah we had no idea this happened to girls on xbl.
And you have now way to be getting English better lessons
"so THATS how he broke his shoulder.... odd, i thought it happened in japan...."
I think you forgot the
He prefers curling now?
I'm SOOOOO sorry i'm not PC enough for you.
"Yes, because that's exactly the same as what I was talking about."
Really?
Japan should nuke America.
Literally unplayable
Boavista of course
HAHAHAHAH YEAH THAT'S WHAT THE COUNTRY GETS FOR NOT VOTING BERNIE!
"Thank you for your well thought out, concise response."
"But now people feel like someone cares, that's all that's really important right?"
"Better yet, pay $19.99 and introduce the Year Beast into your ranked matches!"
CONGRATUALTIONS THATS NOT THE ONLY AGNI SKIN I DIDNT HAVE OR ANYTHING
its okay to not do what the cops tell you if you dont like the cop
Maybe they were promoted to harder jobs.
He knew that it was a Polish wolf.
"Haha, moron."
First bag is Chris christie himself and the second bigger bag is Donald trump.
"Wow, what a hot man leg."
But but invading country is defense right?
Both candidates are the same.
"Good ole victim-blaming, bravo!"
Yes it will become mainstream just linke thunderbolt and firewire
"Yeah, homeschooling produced someone who dared to speak his mind and galvanize an entire industry, I sure wouldn't want my kid to turn out like him."
"I don't know, I've never owned an American car!"
"yeah, too bad sony hasn't released a new portable with 2 analog sticks instead..."
Makes sense... ;)
What else would you spend your slayer pts on then?
"Because as we all know, you can't be racist against your own race."
"Well then, I guess that settles that."
If you're Australian it is.
Because everyone totally knows when they're going to get pregnant.
"Seahawks secondary, no less, and we all know they are all nothing but trash talking hooligan thugs."
How's your fedora?
"Dude, do you seriously expect him to hire the Dallas o-line to smash holes through walls and mow down pedestrians so he can jog through unscathed ?"
So *this* is why car doors lock immediately upon my arrival.
What a precision machine that police use to kill people with.
How exactly does one *see* with their asshole...i never got that euphemism.
Boy would you love my uncle them....
Your fault.
"It's one of the most underrated TNG episodes, really a hidden gem."
"So you know your place now, in the kitchen!"
Nothing helps being sober for good like support from r/trees
"Yeah, why doesn't a militia made up of random civilians who decided to fight perform as well as the military of a first world nation."
Since it is extreme does that mean I can drink mt dew again?
and we all know that what the viewers want is what is best for the sport.
WW3 or WW3.
But what was her intent?
Their point must be invalid because of their post history right?
But... But... He's a PhD candidate.
"If it's like a store credit card, she is probably way over her limit and her credit score is being damaged"
"Can we expect everyone to be in T-34/76s and holding the line against the whole wermacht, to keep with the tradition of russian bias ?"
"Hey, HEY... FUCK YOU!"
I see no problem whatsoever with crit becoming a regular ability with an extra level 4 that gives 550% crit.
"""Through"""
"Yep, just need Derek to suit up and they'll be set"
Even better than a blank thread
You died 3 times you feeder.
Well there might be something more to it if you look at the most recent release
They aren't you sexist pig.
"Shit, i should have written shit instead of sh*t Thanks!"
"Oh wow, what a surprise"
Because you're all too damn high!
Bolsheviks?
If you can't remember her name i would suggest Leah instead.
"The white pixels in the corner, I quit the game because of this."
but scopes...
You forgot the
"No, obviously this totally happened in Platinum."
Gasoline combustion engine
Taihao Miami Doubleshot
"He actually was doing it a favor, it was removed from a console."
I assumed that they stand on one foot because the other foot is tired.
skrillex
6 free throws obviously for the Spurs
Hmmmm....*shocker*
Shut up man It is the only gift to Indians by God.
That's qliphorts idiot.
Wow I am glad they are making Westworld into a videogame!
Captcha to end each turn
"Considering my $1100 from last year is struggling, after upgrading the GPU, I guess so"
Yeah cause those squishy tanks are way better
I'm sure they're all just sobbing from withdrawal!
yo man wats ur mod list i need dis beautifulness in my game now too
They tought the current power creeps were not reliable and did not affect the game that much.
"Alphabetic order, duh."
Yeah man 35% more damage is useless
Because no-one could have possibly ever lived through that.
"sorry, i dropped this:"
I bet they were all loser nerds who deserved it.
Waterwhat?
OMG that portrait though...golem got his mouth open mmm
"Don't have this issue (that I've noticed), but thanks a lot for making me lose my place in Reddit trying to replicate this!"
It worked for Elvis - stick with the formula.
But how else will I display my superiority to the filthy non readers
"Yeah, posts contain meat are generally just as bad as horribly racist, sexist, or homophobic posts"
Well obviously **Elite Barbarians** + **Barbarians** = **Rage Spell**
"I'm triggered by the lack of consistency in your flair, please change it or I will report you"
"Yeah, that is way more crazy than purity rings."
"yes, because you could produce 1 shred of evidence"
make a shield that has a build in mg so you have a shield and the most powerful gun in one item
Is varane even better than Diego Reyes?
Homophobe
I think he forgot
wow hes a god
"Yeah, because he's on YouTube, he can never sell out!"
"Don't worry, I'm sure UK will sit out the next two years, right?"
"Well now hold on, Gamergate was never mentioned in the article therefore it wasn't them!"
Burn your dress too.
It's Aunt May
Maybe if the cops get body cameras things can settle down.
Not even he can fix this broken game
"Damn those new update slash screens, we did it reddit :("
I've never had a Bieber hairstyle... but your originality is just ASTONISHING.
"Hey regi, grats on the pentakill!"
IM GOING TO FORCE YOU TO WANT TO DATE AN AMERICAN AND TO NOT SAY THAT!
You can tell by his roid gut.
Buy the new skin then
You gotta mash square
They should just remove all stats and have one stat: ilevel
"Well, this isn't going to go south in a hurry"
BECAUSE TRUE LOVE IS NEVER ACTUALLY COMMUNICATING WITH YOUR PARTNER.
"As a middle class white girl with a tumblr blog, I'm going to speak for you and tell everyone else that it's not racist and you're just saying the things you're saying because of white people causing you to have internalised self-hatred"
So nice of Leadsom to announce the confirmation May's Premiership
"Yeah, because the difference between the Obama presidency and the Bush presidency before is so similar."
"we are the most beautiful thing in SA, why wouldnt that make things better?"
guy tells you where he is and didnt fight back... such a good highlight
"Oh no, it sounds like they have a totally civilised transfer system set up where someone can simply move to another college and continue their education after being publicly declared a rapist."
Because everything has to be perfect or else the game is complete garbage
Undocumented ;)
I'm sure this thread will be full of insightful comments.
"Yes, Snipers need AA mines and Stingers since they're the ones being targeted by helicopters up on the rooftops."
Someone must've jizzed in the vats causing a consistency redundancy check error.
Good thing racism is over in America
"Looks good to me, can't wait until they put gg in na so we dont have bots either!"
The science seems legit.
Unless of course it has a cool new social space on it...
Fucking furfags
"Please keep your anti-revolutionary, western colonialist ideas to yourself!"
"Right, who do these people think they are giving peace a chance, and letting israeli children try to make friends with Palestinian children?"
But... But i'm not going to kidnap a 76 year old man to charge my computer
Who is angry at something different than them?
What kinda damn commie owns anything other than Murican made guns?
Fake Reebok pump fury
shut the fuck up no one cares know your fucking place trash
Classless winner
You homophobe
"Weeden led offense scores in 1 minute, Romo led offense takes 10 minutes... GOAT?"
Bo Ling Chop Suey Palace
Spoilers if you are reading the fantastic web serial Worm: [The Path to Victory Shard]
"No, too much of a prima donna."
"He was right, it gives you no damage."
That really showed the one time they played each other
Rigged!
I'm just assuming you forget the
We have an Emerald Scar 20 bro isn't that enough...?
"Let me guess, those were agent provocateurs and not actual protesters right?"
"Makes sense, Mormons aren't known for doing things or taking stances that are politically charged or controversial."
"Yeah I should probably stop playing TF2, it's just TF Classic with bells and whistles."
Because people would totally want that in a case
No No they provide insight on the Reddit community in a non biased manner.
Nope Dbry is winning of course!
"Yeah, because if you make the choice to get sunburned once, you deserve to die."
I only drinked purifed spring water you soda cis opressing scum!
But... but... CDs weren't supposed to be fragile!
Oh yeah make sure you avoid using the unlimited free public transit in your wallet
But the politicians told us LIES!
Yeah Ultima VII didn't influence jack shit
You're certainly entitled to your wrong opinion.
You're such a special snowflake
Lol those are just the stickers he used to scam his school yard marks
"Yeah, just like every cube and edh deck needs slivers and arcane spells!"
So who won the IT3 guiyse?
Classic MLS defending
"Can we get some ""skull crushers"" to protect him?"
"Yeah, but Native Americans don't count since we have inconicized (not a word) them positively (in our minds)."
But but but only supports heal.....
Maybe he forgot something this ?
"Yes, because gun free zones have totally been proven to work pretty well in a society with so many guns."
"Oh, gooood, my kids will end up going to school with Khaleesis and Prims and Rarities."
"Wow, a whole 30 pounds this guy must be ripped"
I haven't seen this posted anywhere but what the hell was up with Michael O Kelly?
"Remember, TiA is not a racist sub at all."
Im sure theres no regrets on that
"Oh yeah, just break down the *plethora* of item drops you get."
That's a virtual tie.
You hate when someone has timeline with FFD being opened in 1983?
But have you seen Rick and Morty?
"You never know, it could've been the passenger in the lav..."
He looks like such a nice guy.
"Well, given that men's genitals are external and extremely tender and sperm dies at body temperature, it's sure sign of God's perfect creation."
USA 2018 World Cup Champions confirmed.
Modiji prob'ly mistook the kid to be a Muslim :P
"Say it with me this time: *""ALWAYS ROLL AZAZEL""*"
Mario's Time Machine already exists though
"It's a synonym for very, right?"
Why would ex-KGB ever need to know English?
I can't stand those Neocon right wing nut jobs at NPR
If you had bills that story would have been more like I bought a used MacBook Air.
Yea but the guy is actually grandmaster and he knows the game so it's obviously fine
"You could just no-clip through the wall and pick up the bag from the other side, duh."
Because America is normal.
"Not if the operators suck, or are too powerful and get nerfed to oblivion."
Must be because their message resonates with so many people
Roswell was a hoax!
"Yeah, all he got was: 1. over $4 million in compensation 1. new national detention standards, including daily inspections and a requirement for cameras in cells 1. an investigation by the Justice Department's inspector general 1. a rare public apology by the DEA It's like no one even cares!"
[Foes?]
TN and Kerela win because clearly they have not accounted for the number of fashion bloggers in Delhi.
Bitcoin was made for you.
"Yeah, because there's no one crossfiring older GPUs or for 60Hz 4k or mods.. The only purpose of crossfire is to play on 144Hz monitors"
"Well, they are only 14,800ft, so they are definitely hills."
"The logical conclusion, therefore, is that regret causes invulnerability."
"In Hunt, if the monster reached stage 3, you shouldn't have to kill it, it has an unfair advantage by being that strong."
Clearly that headline relates to the Greek economy.
"Clearly the nation of 2d waifus will soon get to your door and bring you to justice, you horrible person."
Yes sir!
Or maybe they just count every person stupid enough to get lost out in the freezing snow suicidal.
NOW they've crossed a line!
RAFIDHI ALERT hail whichever bastard is keeping you in check over there
But if subreddit saturday goes away then the sub will be spammed by people advertising their subreddit
"Hey now, boobies are scary."
F U That is stupid
I prefer Beth Mowins.
"Your units turned into Hadarons, Randolphs, and Nyamis"
"But that's just so they can maintain a good ratio of white folk to Negros, so white folk will have a fun time and not be intimidated."
Where's the
I forgot to put my
"How bizarre and unexpected, given how much I've heard on reddit about the attack having nothing to do with Islam."
Well obviously we need more capitalism in those areas
You dropped this:
That's the spirit!
unexpected
Yeah but at least it doesn't get viruses
"Truly, we live in the age of tomorrow."
But schoolchildren aren't old enough to drink!
not sure if
"Propaganda and advertising have no effect... someone really ought to let all of these companies, politicians and pundits know about this so they stop spending hundreds of billions of dollars a year on something that has no effect, since just because it doesn't affect one person, it doesn't affect anyone else."
*chastaining
Someone call for emergency medical services?
10 software updates and you have a 50% range increase
B... but pot smokers don't do anything productive!
"Agreed, especially since a customer can't pop the hood on his stupid netgear router and look at all the tangled up tubes."
Well in that case it's A-okay to hit your kids.
"Decaying uranium spears are fine, especially when they explode to dust through sheer energy."
"Yes, choke those towel-heads with the sweet air of ~~formaldehyde~~ FREEDOM."
No that makes you the pervert since you're the male.
Yeah cause his marriage to Cynthia was a total success before he met Yoko
"Yeah, going over that cliff would have been a disaster."
"Man, you're ruining the roleplay."
aka 'Peg fans are corporate shills
"You've gotta prove it to him, sister."
"Yeah, Military Pay is probably the problem..."
TIL: There is a difference between Slovakia and the UK.
Lol great argument
You mean Nigri without a push up bra?
whats a europe?
"Yes, everyone who saw the stream tuned in at the very beginning exactly when he said that."
"Which is why, obviously, only the police should have the guns!"
i really look forward to compiling webkit on that proc.
We'll talk after one week honey.
Are you saying you don't like seeing people post screenshots of stuff everyone saw from the early seasons of Pokemon?
Double Ew.
"Pfft, like that's possible to actually improve ones self..."
This devalues my stattrak elite build guns.
"Bro, nothing beats shlongs of skyrim"
PHOTOSHOP
"My Dad uses Internet Explorer, Why should I take advice from such an animal?"
"My eyes can't see more than 60fps, needs graphics update."
"Ah yes, tolerance and forbearance all around."
The shitty ass car deformation sure added to the gameplay too
and how do you know that?
the beetles r fucking lame and ur just mad bc ur old and the beetles r old lol old people music sucks
"Wow, why has anybody not thought of this?"
"Yeah, if you're working hard to find a job, but can't find one given the state of the economy, *fuck you*."
"No, it's just suggested"
see you in overwatch nerd
The mysterious bad guys with guns who seem to be everywhere these days
"Yeah, usually thirteen foot snow drifts and the wolves are out maiming people."
"One for potential virgins, apparently."
Mewtwo is unlocked as a starter.
Feed
Might you understand at 5am in the evening?
But baybeez.....
"Well considering he's buying it for minors, it's fine."
But he doesn't have a single point in playoffs this year
"He played Call of Duty, he knows the difference in stats between a stock weapon and a long barrel okay?"
Whites can only be inspired by their own cultures.
Crystal!
But the developers will starve to death if they reward more gold to the players!
Wigs can fall off
damn dude you're so crazy with this post xdddddddd
There nothing as masculine as a bunch of naked guys playing games with each others members
"Because if you're trying to defend democratic concepts, the best way to deal with speech attacking them is to ban such speech!"
Probably just a visua- *nukes drop*
"He's a cynical Brit, not an cynical American"
"Yea, cause the girlfriends are really going to listen to reason from the girl who fucked their boyfriends"
everyone has to be super serious and respect absolutely everyone all the time
Bro I'm 80 pounds and just *wasted* from this woodchuck
so sorry
Why not ask for them to put Tanks and Vehicles into the game on your next post?
He must be one lucky guy to have *you* for a gf.
"Yes, let's all forget this and remember that the *real* problem in this country is not xenophobic ignorance in our supposed top representatives, but Clive's struggling businesses in the mining sector."
"You mean, other than it's the one true church?"
"The recent influx of scummy players is fun, isn't it, guys?"
"Because his lyrics weren't deep and meaningful like ""A mulatto/ An albino /A mosquito /My libido /Yeah"""
Well clearly just have it take the limit as the denominator approaches 0. ezpz
"Oh, I didn't realize this was a state election and not for the President of the United States."
"well can you be trusted, you NSA spy?"
"Dip, batteries, rip'd fuel, dirty jerk off mags, and adult diapers."
totally makes up for it!
"Right, so everyone should get a compact car regardless of what they need the car for."
"But remember, Bortles is better than Teddy because of stats."
They were just defending our freedom
"It is, it even says so in the title"
"Cause that is universally available, let alone easily."
"with UP elections around the corner, Dalit hoga"
"New Ghostbusters: if you don't like it, you're a sexist who hates women!"
But the human arm can't tell the difference between 4k and 720 kilos!
"The nice thing about this root cause is that it means there wasn't an engine failure, no plumbing failure, the Merlins were happy right up until some berk dropped a rocket on them."
"I don't mind the pipeline, as long as its not in my backyard."
Well he didn't have breast
"Don't bring your facts in here, jerk!"
Look at that mean-spirited artist - remember Hitler?
Shall we get a megathread?
"It's all fine when he does it, but when I lift my shirt and drop my pants, it's ""indecent exposure"""
"Well something must have happened before the video starts that shows the cammer pissed off the other driver...... So, cammers fault."
Bringing the Bad Boys back!
"Now I feel like an idiot, thanks."
vanilla was better
...but but... Muh NASB!
"Hello, you must be new to this subreddit."
So THAT'S why origin players are so autistic.
Thanks for your continuing transparency.
sure the carrier is using it's insane dps to break the (by siege amplified) reps of a dread while tanking it on one rep no problem
sounds like rape culture to me
but everyone else is better than me
It'll get better when they merge.
Isn't that a US territory?
"I personally like to hang my pictures on the wall, but to each their own I guess."
"I went back to drugs since nothing can kill my addiction like BB, but at least it helps a bit"
I'm absolutely shocked that a place with a muslim community that's been allowed to grow out of hand has such backwards views of gender equality
Just as long as they are separate but equal.
"Nah bro, you gotta keep the company ""cool"" and ""innovative"" and ""loose"", sobriety in the workplace is for cucks"
Cultural appropriation.
That's equivalent to firing the support team
The entire tweet is
"Yeah, because adjusting the brightness is *hard*."
"Obviously, look at his username"
Illegal stage 1/10.
Don't fuck with my dude -_-
"Yea, but Trump just makes sense"
Last gen
Because taxes are worse than racial injustice!
But but...... LET THEM PLAY
You're really grasping at straws to prove your point here....
Your carving is almost as bad as Intel HD Graphics
Tbf they do not contribute to skill like skins do.
"Yeah, I prefer CSS over CSS 3."
Surely it was just a fundie scientologist
[A golf club.]
Please :( think of the fucking karma.
"Well, maybe you shouldn't have been hacking so bad they had to ban you for 31,536,000 units of time."
Who wants to see a mixtape of a white guy who just passes?
"Why are they called ""Cobra constrictor"" then?"
"Yeah, bunch of good Samaritan's right there."
USA USA USA
SHOCKER!
... I wonder if there are any stories out there about how slow it could fly...
HOW DARE YOU MAKE COMMENTS ABOUT SOMEONES BODY PEOPLE ARE BEAUTIFUL EVEN IF THEY'RE SKINNY/FAT ASSES /RAGE
1 like if ur a proUd American scroll pass if ur a refuge
I love Ubisoft's apps.
Kasi napaganda niya ang Makati.
They are concerned with her Human Rights.
"Vultrum and Pineta Penis Pump, brothers in arms against the evil Blue Jays fandom"
"rayquaza isn't grass type, filthy fucking casuals"
Because thanks to the universal support for Obamacare in every state there's someone to pick up the horrendous costs of permanent disabilities caused by going un-vaccinated.
"I mean, you have a picture of it, damn."
damn he also plays AFL
"Yeah, it was a good thing the kid on the cot leaned forward before that rifle discharged!"
because the only thing we need is more injury problems!
Pussy
"We are the civilized people, obvicakes..."
I suppose it's better for the minority to elect a demagogue than the majority.
"See, and they said abstinence teaching would't work!"
The immigrants are taking our jobs!
"That's a pretty tough sell, I'd imagine they are going to have a hard time finding interns who are willing to do that."
I've always wanted to see the inside of an ambulance.
"Cool, ESPN is gonna ruin coverage in two of my fave sports!"
Hey that's a good way to win an argument: Insulting your opponent's intelligence.
Well you sure changed my mind!
The Koran states that a woman must be accompanied by her husband on commecial jetliner flights
"Yeah that Iovine scrub, bet he never did anything in the music business"
"Clearly, mentioning your husband is your sneaky feeemale way of letting men know that you are a feeeeeeeemale and therefore open to offers of sex, dick pics, general harassment, etc."
"nothing says 'liberal' like religious fundamentalism, amiright?"
"Free $10,000 for TSM"
Check you privilege shitlord!
Buying jk in order to buy you gotta get the entitlment in a chest
Gee I wonder who's move that is....
Pop in all the brewmasters to keep bouncing it until we get Mysterious Challenger and I think we have invented the new meta.
Sounds like something a cumdumpster would say
I'm sure the disabled and mentally ill have always wanted to live in a prison.
Yes teamwork ruins a team play oriented game
Haha.... So does democracy
"Because we're an **awesome** school, obviously!"
oh yea they are totally being respectful
All the time.
"""good or evil"" so like the US and Russia?"
That's generally handles by a
Attack of the aunties.
I've done 2 cycles of Starting Strength and I don't look good so I guess ya gotta cheat to pull girls smh
"I guess all those other people should have made anonymous donations too, fuck Notch and all those guys, they just donated thousands of dollars for PR!"
"Seriously, what a scrub!"
"A BIT off topic, but I'm psyched to have iADs on my desktop in OSX 10.7!"
"I dunno, Five Guys is pretty damn awesome."
This sounds like the best idea in the world.
"But at least we have the most progressive far right, #1 is a woman and #2 is gay."
It's almost like the PS4 is a way bigger market for JRPGs
Yes!
"DPR itu wakil rakyat, suara mereka sudah cukup untuk mewakili rakyat jadi tidak perlu mendengarkan suara rakyat."
clearly a paid shill
I hope to work for Google so I believe this will always be a purely defensive patent.
Would you like Austin Romine by any chance?
"Dude, I, like, literally lost brain cells from reading your comment."
TL;DR I trust this government cares about me and my welfare and this is blasphemy
nice shot
You can tell it's a woman by the colour of the wheels.
Such art
"I dunno man, that review from Carla Rab is really having me reconsider.."
It's obviously the 15:10 Master Race!
Asking stupid questions.
And the democratic party has no power in those states
I think the leak of Hillary Clinton's emails caused 9/11.
That's statism tho
If the Koreans touch CSGO its basicly over for the west
Vote brigading; everyone's banned
"Yes, because fucking up a rental is perfectly acceptable."
It's in kmph
Because subcap guns is all that dreads get
"It's a shame that they were slaves, and not free to go find another job at any time."
"not even NXT, what a fucking mark"
"Yes, that's awesome that someone decided that only the Christians were worth saving..."
But Cruz cares... because he fights for the important stuff!
"Yes, because this is obviously the only meal I ever eat and not something I just make when I'm short on time."
Well then it should be alright for the black community to hate all white people because of slavery and it's alright to hate all todays germans for WW2
Nice to know some of them give us their permission.
"No dude, life is only worth it if you live in a first-world country, otherwise what's the point?"
"Well, I guess that would stop them from changing their mind later on it they decided it was more profitable to do so."
She does have to get re-elected in Arizona
shhh you'll interrupt the circle jerk
I think they meant real sport.
"No you don't understand, you're a loser beta cuck and no one loves you or will ever sleep with you and it's all the woman's fault!"
"If it's not Messi, it's not amazing."
See this is why step free access to the underground is a bad idea
He clearly put you on the spot with that eloquent retort.
Sorry....
That's what the patriarchy wants you to think.
STOP FORCING YOUR WEEABOOISM ON YOUR CHILDREN
'Tis a wonderful sound
Well thats settled then isnt it?
i cant .....mmmmm..... understand .....mmmmm..... your accent ....mmmmm..... what a winner
All white rappers are eminem wannabes tbh
"""That's cause the pro gun crowd is wrong, duuuuuuh..."""
###THIS ISN'T r/WHOLESOMEMEMES
"She just exudes maturity, doesn't she?"
"The gods at Riot are never wrong, you heretic!"
I thought it was because he worked so therefore couldn't be black?
cocaine and marijuana
"I'd try running without all of those zig-zags, that might help."
Especially America!
You can tell Capital Taxi guy loves his job.
"yea, you're right, I think it's time for us to move on from him"
Don't you know how easy it is to become a CPA?
"But maybe he was talking about the 7 year wars, where Prussia bankrupted the UK, making it raise taxes leading to the revolutionary war."
"Is this the reaction I should expect at graduation next year since I'm on the part-time, 4yr route?"
Yeah they wouldn't even make a highschool team in todays game
"Yes, smug redditors who believe the best way to save everyone is to write Trump on everything before setting it aflame are so much better."
But that's why we have best Buy associates who are there to tell us about the differences in the product
I'm in the gtx 1080ti group
Yeah I've never really understood parking in the lines.
"Don't you know that everyone who messes up in the slightest deserves to be hurt physically so some Internet people can feel superior in that *they* wouldn't do that, and so that they can claim that that person is stupid?"
"God forbid you look at a penis, you might get the gay sickness."
"Oh sure, I've seen these words be used an insult *soooo* often!"
"Right, because it's only the wars which are unsustainable drains on ""our bank account"" as evidenced by the surplus we've had under every previous administration, not to mention the senators approving of the wars (but obviously Bush was just going to shoot them all if they didn't vote in accordance with his whims)."
Of course
"Hilary Clinton/Elizabeth Warren double bat mitzvah; Diane Feinstein gets the first aliyah, Ruth Bader-Ginsburg does hagbah, and Gloria Steinem leads musaf?"
"Yeah, it makes no sense that those with the most experience in the game should carry more weight than those who play a couple hours a week."
"Oh sure, that's why the Lakers can't fill Staples to watch an 8 win team right now"
Hahahah boy do I remember the last time I had twenty grand.
Because ugly fat people are a US centric problem.
They made an Avatar: TLA movie?
"Pfft, it's obviously camouflage."
"Yup, all the rape fame is good for business, just ask bill cosby."
Yeah but he's been shit recently playing out of position so clearly he doesn't have the ability to be a striker
The best part of Nerang is Nielsens Road because it takes you out of Nerang
So Finn is going to get Poe pregnant?
"Well, at least no one is going to be doing anything graphically intensive on a MacBook Pro, like the entire design industry."
no no no we need an 8 month long season!
Any time
If he turns out to be gay.
You forgot
"Yeah what an ass, stays injured when needed the most!"
Needs a
Saved
That's a level-headed response.
But Christian beliefs are *special* and above reproach!
What's wrong with flick 3 and being untouchable and stunning your opponent at the same time?
Fork on BOATS 2 #METIME by 2 Chainz was probably the best I've heard
Too hot
Are you choking on the extra dick your girlfriend let you suck before you become monogamous?
so by all means draw attention to it with a piercing.
"I'm guessing NJ isn't one of them, otherwise this cop would *surely* be in prison!"
I'm sure this would not get abused.
Your personality man
Nah i like it a lot no
But we were so successful tracking verto and kimble!
I'd almost bet the 747 has a tighter radius.
How big is this Duluth Pant factory?
Yes because logically we should send our pregnant women to put out reactor fires
I think you forgot to put
"Shouldn't of entered their safe space, tis a sacred place."
What a life pro tip
post this in r/news!
"That's sexist, you berniebros^^tm you!"
What a catch!
clearly the level 8 stab them all in the back numerous time.
"Please get to know more art majors, shesh."
"We're not allowed to find typos in 2XC funny as we would anywhere else on Reddit, we're supposed to be *ladies*."
I'm lucky to have gotten the 8' bed option on my truck
If someone leaves a ranked game they should be permabanned.
"It's totally not ironic that this guy is a Christian, because God/the Bible definitely condones murder."
They should focus ONLY on poor people rather than sending Satellites to space
The russians are just trying to make us think that!
The funny thing is that Barracks actually produce that many marines
"By ""Oak Park Mall"" the OP did in fact mean ""Oak Park, Illinois."""
Yup - Fuck you buddy.
Day Zero Edition hype!
"Yeah definitely, but how do you think the 490 will compare to the 1070?"
Ununpentium is element 115 confirmed
* AA reduced damage/longer cooldown/more reduced attack speed * Nerf Ember spirit a little * Fixed courier bug * Terrorblade slow scales from 1-4 * Paralyzing cask buff for WD * Lone Druid buff * Some kind of nerf to bottle crowing again * Elder Titan buff * Priestess of the POTM nerf to arrow * Meepo starts with 2 meepo's level one
No it always has to be locker's fault
I see the crowd is going wild in the background
"She plays a lot of hidden object games, so she needs some juice."
Probably just the result of some parking space quarrel
I know right?
This will certainly sort out the fractured nature of the current labour party
"Eastern Europe, the leach of EU"
Socialist.
Obviously it's ok to charge for those things because the evil men use them!
"I think he needs to let plurself decide it's own gender, shitlord"
"Yeah, I'm sure she's a tremendous supporter of gay rights..."
It's only 3 because no one hacked grindr
You forgot the
"Good thing he has 2 months, then"
"Guys I'm a black-identifying pangender cactus, you have no idea what I go through..."
"It was on one of the Bounty Hunters Class missions: [**Spoilers**] : [In one mission you get sent back to DK to kill a beast in a cave, and if you go to the back of the cave there is all of this mist/fog there which allowed me to take this screenshot!]"
"If it's devoid, that means you can see where things are by absence of the Force, rather than a presence of it!"
"so what's wrong with "" just getting by"", live in the moment amirite?"
Jokes on you buddy we still don't allow that
"Wow, this is a great post and easy to understand everything!"
This isn't creepy at all.
"The vagina bone is connected to the butt bone, the butt bone is connected to the tail bone."
"Remember, kids, only America makes and manufactures cars!"
"Remember, most cops are good, there are just a few bad apples out there."
That's not terrifying at all...
Great deductive reasoning.
"yea, who needs education spending anyway?"
"Yeah, it makes no sense to lock endgame content from GW1 behind endgame content in GW2"
What don't you know dark souls 2 is bad and everything it did was bad?
"No, he just made the post out of sarcasm and his secret love for apple"
"Nah, he just has to be brown."
"I mean, your first meal after you wake is breakfast, even if it's at lunch"
"I think it's really strong serious sexual frustration, which turns women on so much, right guys?"
Should have been infield fly IMO
I see that Ukraine is becoming more democratic day by day.
Awesome I can't wait!
That's Samoan racist
No I should wait till I am sure she has lowered her expectations enough to settle for me.
"Lawyer up, hit the gym, move on."
that makes sense
Blacks can't be racist since they aren't in positions of institutional authority.
"Yeah, that isn't stupid at all..."
Guys blacks can't be racist because they aren't in positions of power
Should've put on your carry pants.
i'm pretty sure shrinking text and mentioning purify at the end is interchangeable with
This was so informative.
"I don't know, they're pretty good at admitting when they've made a mistake"
...till next year!
"okay, i have 10 gtx 980's connected to my ps4."
that's a usual accurance
"Bah, it can't have been millions of years, because humanity has only been around for about 6000 years!"
At least he wasn't lying about that
So i guess that makes him real?
"Wow what a great headline, it named 3 people I don't relate to on any level."
Except for the Haredim
what happens when you get in the center field?
You're learning that just today?
Unlike Floyd's opponents
Clearly if someone else was there to fire their gun into an extremely crowded location fewer people would have been hurt
What a misogynistic asshole!
"Yes, all black men sound like that."
One thing we can be sure of is that the military is very good at keeping track of all of their weapons.
But why can't it destroy the gate and then the lock?
Color me shocked.
Says the swans fan whose team was beaten by the Tigers...
Sometimes we must sacriface our freedom to stay free
"Nah, spider women are all rage in African strip clubs"
"No, original CS 1.6."
Should I insta lock leesin...or Ziggs
I assume Trump supports it.
you forgot the
"Si eu astept platforma lor urgent, altfel votez cu PSD/ALDE/PNL"
"Man, I though the Fiat takeover really would have upped their quality"
If that's what you like to use for lube...
"You have been visited by Yusei Christ Reply ""Praise the second coming of Yusei Christ"" for blessed synchros followed by sharing this text"
"Yeah, it's the government's fault that a corporation bought the water rights and jacked up its price."
"It's true, Jesus doesn't really believe in God"
Grats KKK Grandmaster !
Seems consistent with how the cutlass is supposed to behave these days.
Double damage and time yourself to crit the rocket before it hits you
Or mail Toby a 10 dollar bill and pirate it instead of paying online later
but dude nunu is so mechanically intensive
But I thought that men loved *currrrvy* women back then!
Yeah because we all know IDF doesn't bomb and kill women and children in the thousands every couple years.
"Great post, very informative"
Can we call Oklahoma first?
I say that all the time.
Yeah....maybe I'll have to resort to the old
"Because it's outside the realm of possibility that he ever did any meaningful coursework at Columbia or Harvard...don't you know, he's *black*?"
I DESERVE A PRIZE
"I don't know man, I wouldn't mind bringing back monarchy if it makes Ivanka an actual Princess."
We all know Navy Seals are bitches
"Yeah, Riot is clearly lacking money."
"fuck, maybe i should take apart some clocks"
"Well, abstinence is the best contraceptive"
u get kills as urgot?
Why you goddamn antisemitic bastard!
Yea TFC and FF are so annoying to play with the grenades
"Over text, and then never contact them again."
the only way norton works is by deleting everything you download to *ensure* you download 0 viruses i mean i guess that works
Wow our FO is so active this offseason
you forgot this:
"Awww poor Americans, I feel so bad for you."
"I have to thank James for leaving, otherwise, I'd never have gotten deep throat lessons from Liquid."
"What a shame we've evolved to such stellar horror films such as ""The Grudge"""
Titanic
Shouldn't Chicago be a safe place seeing as they have some of the strictest gun control in the country?
thank god for the minimum wage!
'for some reason'... can't imagine why
If the woman doesn't want to get pregnant the female body has ways of shutting down.
"Yeah, use that beauty to get that man, then pin him down by having a mess o' babies!"
"I'm shocked, *shocked* that Obama would make that accusation..."
You don't have a problem with the Sentry that can be put on the roof on last Typical Engy mains
I guess he forgot to put an
HAHAHAHAHA
I AM ALWAYS TOTALLY SERIOUS.
Analogy game strong bro
"Yeah, EU would never give out a ship like Kitakami to rank 1 players after the end of a season..."
You're getting downvoted because obviously subhumans need to know their place!
"Nah man, the cat is broken and it's too late for him."
Yep our season is ruined
"with discounts like that, I **have** to get them!"
You should fuck of
Lockdown Jeff Green duh
"Well, that's better than vegans eating imitation weird fake meat made out of tofu mats, right?"
glad you reminded us about the dangers of stereotypes
tl;dr mormons are literally hitler
"M8, it was an obvious"
He's gotten a TD every time
Which is why nobody gives a shit about Isaac Asimov these days.
oh haha punny
"Yep, clean and fresh."
Forgot to add
He meant
Gee lets make it more expensive to hire employees that will help the economy!
"Completely balanced, add to that old sun ring and sometimes you dont even need to swing your sword."
gib link kappa
Except the jews they all know money magic
"Haha, I get that reference!"
Love the transparency and accountability of this government.
Ok since you brought the topic up i wanted to suggest some buffs for kindred: Q :stuns for 2 sec (which is how much q needs to come back up with w on) W: gives passive attack speed (lets say 50%) and blinds every auto E: now stuns and after the proc it heals you for 500 hp at max level and has an ad scaling nuke with 500 base dmg (added to the % dmg) R: now only makes your team members unable to die and heals team members inside it to full health
The same reason the United States should go back to the 1776 borders.
Totally on topic.
"You can't get protein eating a vegan diet, bro"
Nice Milbee drawing!
Jokes on you I already got the herpes..
You must be some Soros funded CTR shill
But the Turks say that didn't happen!
But freedom of speech!
"Wait till you see our botanic gardens, it is loads of fun!"
And I suppose you're the kind of guy that would just bend to everything the ANC says?
"Pshh, i do that everynight"
Good thing Trump is not running for the Libertarian Party.
"I don't know if I should be impressed at how well chelsea manage with this many players coming back on a yearly basis and having to sort out loaning, selling or keeping for next season... or if I should just be pissed off because it's Chelsea and all these players will make them money at some point"
Well Sasuke clearly needs some kind of advantage in order to keep up with everyone else
Because they've been oppressed by British tyranny
Fleck to Michigan when Harbaugh leaves to coach the Browns confirmed!
Is that something you eat?
Thank god Texas's problems are all solved once every two years.
There's already a heresy appreciation thread.
"Sucks when you have to provide healthcare for everyone, eh?"
"Except when Muslims do it, then it must be Islam."
"Well *fatshaming* is clearly *your* fetish, pervert!"
"so, better than the 6.0 then?"
"well.. no flag means white flag, right?"
"Sorry your PC is too low spec for Attila, but ""CA made it to scale for tomorrow's hardware""."
"""It got stuck"""
Yea you just zoom in and aim assist does all the work
oh look Project Fiora
"Yeah you're so cool now that you bought a video game, brah."
"Because if you're pretty, you should be marrying a doctor instead of becoming one yourself."
"It was never done the ""right"" way."
If only the ps4 had some sort of built in recording software
"Hey man, if you want to pound another guy in the butt then that's fine and all, but don't tell me I can't use the local police force to arrest you for it, that would be oppressing my rights."
Needs
Maybe each household will have personal helicopters by then...
"Tone it down over there you roudy old timer, you're probably invading someone's safe space."
"Whoa man, nyquils some pretty hard stuff, I once like knew a guy and he took 3 whole nyquils and O.Ded, hard as fuck man."
Nobody saw this coming
"I disagree, now go cry"
It's the same guy who created the Blue Shell in Mario Kart and the Smash Ball in Smash Bros.
"Thanks for the idea, passing on to the TH promotion team :)"
This is why smash bros can never be competitive
"You see, what you are supposed to do is rush it and properly test it"
"It's okay, because nobody on r/politics reads the articles."
I'll believe it when it's on the official Napoli website
"Okay, Vuka, Ninko and Brosque out hehe"
"but but but, that would effect how officers do their jobs, and that will make the streets more dangerous because the officers won't be willing to kill/maim without hesitation for any amount of resistance/questioning of their authority!"
"Now that we have your DOB, what did you say your mom's maiden name is?"
His teachers are going to fucking love him.
"They were *step*siblings, so it's totally justified"
But how else will you learn basic algorithms and meet other programmers?
I'm not sure if she understands that I think she's beautiful... I'll give this 14 or 15 more tries and then she'll thank me for sure!
Didn't you know Tracer can solo a full 6-man team?
"Yes, but I doubt anybody would say that."
Wouldn't want the CIA's history to be marred by something as awful as infidelity.
"Because the public has access, it must be public property right?"
"No way being a President is like being a super king, you alone have the power to do whatever you want all the time"
And what are you that you can generalize humans in the third person like that?
I'm terrified.
Wrong!
Sounds like we're in for a fun time.
"Verde Mantis* Huracans, get it right."
TIL people don't like Roman Reigns.
Literally came here to say this
"Oh yeah, Jeff Weaver is way smarter than Hillary's aides!"
how fast have you taken it?
"You're right, lemme just take it down for ya."
But im special
"Yeah, but because of the strict gun laws there, there's no gun crime or gun violence."
"Yeah, hold off because the next Xbox will be released next month"
But yadayada taxes!
"No, that one guy on twitter noticed and reported it through twitter but is still working on collecting evidence"
"How subtle his approach, how eloquent his speech!"
Well if you are an LdT fan and bought LT you would probably be disappointed as LT is a linebacker and not a very good RB
But Hillary's just as bad and would have done the same things!
"She only broke it 4 times, that's no excuse."
Ya man fuck the truth!
"Quick, take his wallet!"
Any idea how she got that rich?
Pro Tip: having a guitar *greatly* enhances your guitar lessons
But life is gaming
"that would just be *crazy*, to sue the box for what the crazy person did with it"
I bet that's totally secure.
Jeez I wonder what brought out this TIL.
Good thing Flying Lotus didn't do that.
Hard to see the stars among the Austin city lights.
"I mean, what fear have police given protesters in the past?"
she's truly living the black experience
But it's just a theory!
Can't wait to do this at boot camp!
Yeah and that's not because of the lack of education at all
"Estimated time : 1:30 Actual time : 12:00 I don't see what's wrong, pretty accurate IMO"
It's a trilby you fucking heathen!
Man has a right to defend his stolen jerb
Yeah because body shaming at a young age *never* backfires...
Just call it Atlanta Fire
But we should really cut NASA's budget because science is useless
"I work in Sales, what is this?"
yeah such a humble cool guy Lenin was
"Only 5 months behind this time, I think they might be getting better"
You have any art of good ships?
"heh, you are wrong, must be a liberal."
"even so, the only thing some people see is that he chopped off some nice trees just to show off :("
"No, that's too crazy."
Vanilla Minecraft
Wow look at this asshole over here.
"Uhhh, source on who cares or not?"
"Oh yeah, and SpaceX fans are entirely unbiased sources of objective criticism."
22LR
Yeah Germany has been doing terribly too.
Obviously all a person really wants is a suicidal man baby.
Who cares about coherence when you can just beat up anyone who disagrees with you?
Ins't this the reason you guys are building a wall?
Hey now y'all can't group people together and discriminate against them
Called the POLICE
Dolores Clairborne solos
"Ahhh, the dream job."
"Sorry, I forgot the"
next time add
"But I'm progressive, I don't see race!"
Yeah Khabib should be 22-1 after he got punked by the Diazs at WSOF
downvote for saying you were doing other things when your character clearly didn't move during the whole conversation...
"Of course, because nuclear virtually undetectable nuclear submarines with nuclear weapons owned by 5 other developed nations are just figments of our imagination"
"Yes, that's why we've attacked Syria twice..."
Try using
"All alien races automatically speak english, because they never angered god with their tower of babble."
I'm not racist i watch interracial porn!
oh noes you mod AskReddit ur [literally] the cabal that ruins reddit!
We gotta lick the boot so we don't get stomped by it.
"Guess we should all log off and wait for this to be fixed, also should report all the people playing currently for exploiting this."
"Wow, I've never seen this before"
Yea but that's PRE-tax
OMG YES
"Yay, double posting."
Totally
Yeah dude Miyazaki totally sold out
An interesting topic of national interest featured prominently by our quality newspaper
"Rick Ross may be the fakest artist in rap, but at least he doesn't show emotion"
And here I was thinking I'd need to twist your arm.
QTE to hack?
"Well, with the nerf, they decided to not add taunts for the heavy, nobody will play him anyway so who cares?"
Oh i didn't realize that was an MMO with 1000s of players per server and a deep crafting system that would satisfy SWG veterans.
"I read it on the internet, it has to be true!"
That's just because the French are lazy and just want to smoke cigarettes all day.
"Hey, if you ask me Israel's doing them a favor by giving them an opportunity to leave New Israel with their lives intact"
"Hey while the cost of living may increase for everyone, please be happy for the battling miners &amp; big polluters."
It's obviously his white male privilege holding him back
But I thought that never happened to attractive women!
inb4 it starts using Pepe the Frog as mascot soon
ofc BB is a mutant no other human on earth can live with a shrapnel that big embedded in his brain so his brain must be somewhere else
Write the code for it and send it to Valve and I'm sure that if it's full-proof they'll implement it
Obviously the result of Noah's world-wide flood in Genesis.
If they're still alive then the healthcare is too good for them.
I'm pretty sure that was
"While we're at it let's mute all ironmen so that they can't talk, which is clearly player interaction and against the rules."
I prefer faggots.
"Yeah, a woman who is interested in a man's body is obviously perverted, and thus must be shamed to the ends of the Earth."
Nah all yall white people are scared bitches
You guys are all excited for Chauncey or Sheed but you're missing the main one of the '04 team... DARKO
"Why, did something happen last year in Vancouver?"
"shhh he's not trapo, he's unorthodox."
"as long as its a govt that does the killing, its fine by me!"
"Yeah because they can't earn nothing in life unless with drugs, there is no more pleasure seeing campaigns from teams like them, we want the same team to win every league"
bottom of the league #lvgout
They want to add more buses while also reducing the death tolls on the road...makes perfect sense
"yes pretty standard, I do this every other round"
"Right, not like anyone on this site hates cops."
So we should make abortion compulsory?
"Yeah, because our kids are aspiring dish washers."
"Nope, you guys are clearly just down voting him because of the circle jerk."
Why must she be 18 inches?
I think u mean spaghetti.
BUT THERE ARE MORE MEN SO IT'S NOT FAAAAIR
"Yeah, because this will be the **ONLY** way to play with your friends."
"Your mom is supposed to say that, you're still a small brah"
But but googles 16years old.
They just need more time together!
Didn't trust them not to sabotage
Please tell me you forgot the
Assistant coach for Chelsea?
Love need no explanation
LOL DOTA2 IS LITERALLY A COUNTERSTRIKE RIP OFF!
"If you didn't buy it, or make it there are no calories in it."
Im looking to buy 420 of that bent wood
*it clearly says rifle right in the definition there so all rifles are assault rifles*
"No, it was revealed 3 weeks ago at the CMT awards"
"Ah, a truly informed opinion on feminism"
inb4 Red Battlefield DLC Mappacks with 1 new map for 12.99...every 2 months ofc
"To be resolved as ""[WONTFIX] don't use 90% ui scaling"""
At least we know where the profits are going...
*le tips fedora*
Still the greatest warrior of all time
"currently dealing with that.. it's such a pain in the ass.. it's like ""YEAH TOTALLY IGNORE THE 7 HOURS OF SURGERY THESE MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS DID, LETS GIVE ALL THE GLORY TO THE INVISIBLE SKY DADDY WHO MADE YOU SICK TO BEGIN WITH!"""
Slightly over half.. last I checked the world was 51% male.. which of course means majority rules!
No you moron don't you get it a single worker and just negotiate his pay with his employer that's why unions are useless
Thanks for playing the objective!
The Pope is just a commie liberal socialist anyway.
Back to Mexico with him
Some people don't have m*ms so we have to make sure we don't upset them.
Looks like quite the fun ride.
You forgot The Grateful Dead
Why dont you support equality for Aboriginal people?
Looks good to me
devalues my bandos
Should have memorized his number plate and sue him
Just what I've always wanted; a movie full of misandry and husband jokes.
"Wow cis gender male scum, maybe the person was grand or non-binary you fucking make me sick"
This circlejerk about how having a PhD makes you smart is getting out of hand.
A two-to-one merge literally twenty feet after a traffic light... that's some real quality road engineering right there.
I thought the legit government of Yemen was part of the coalition.
"But it's fashion wars 2, the point of the game is to make your character look as good as you can.. Pointless feature addition !"
Maybe everyone just loves Notre Dame?
Administrators don't want to be between the geeks doing research and the nerds staring at computers all day.
Make sure to neg the target a few times as well.
Do nothing but Reddit for 2 hours
Haha funny bro
If only HL3 was on early access....
"Yes this is good arty platooned, they showed great skill"
Well you can probably start that new list with Kaepernick
"Ahh, yeah... *Right*"
Nothing makes a bit funnier than adding gratuitous gay slurs.
Colorado Rapids
Voting solves all our problems.
"No man, You're just jealous of Apple, they make the best and most durable products"
Like Walmart.
"Yeah serves them right, fuck democracy unless they think just like we do."
"19th on the rich list published today, but no you're right Newcastle aren't ""big"""
"Right, it's not the US."
It's always good to be back
Hey heyy.. He wants you to use his 5-hour energy drink instead of food.
Standards and licensing boards are infringements upon liberty and freedom!
Because obviously the burden of proof is on you
BUT EVERYTHING IS le TROLLAN NOW xD
Who DOESN'T hurt when they run amirite
It definitely sounds like something I would open at work
I received over $9000 from BlockStream for signing the roadmap.
But it's so good for business....
But i cant 6l the bow so its shit..
"Yeah, needs more roided out Americans with shotguns."
Can't beat a dry hand job
There were plenty of spare women; no sense wasting all that oil.
Yah thank god they picked white.
And DEFINITELY NOT as a favour to his agent Jorge Mendes.
until he is elected and *they* tell him what he is really going to do.
But your reddit account is only 7 months old
"I'm not sure, I wouldn't want John Harbaugh after he just lost to a team that was 4-12 last year, and Chip Kelly couldn't contain an offense that has one of the oldest QBs in the game running it."
Grant Morrison
And China's history is sooo much better
Seriously o mean first the moon landing now this!
because you buying something i can't afford is you abusing your rich privilege
So it's your fault you're alone.
He forgot to put
"Sure worked for ""progressives""!"
"Because the banks have all the money, so if you break them up then everyone will be rich!"
You of course would know.
85 of which are *killing monsters*
What if I'm upside down?
it's not like it has happened the E X A C T same way before is it
"Elite Dangerous VR (On the PC)... Well, I DO have a DK2."
GIC is a bank's Ponzi scheme to land the money back at prime minus 1.
Treason and tax fraud.
"Well, colour me surprised."
Genocide!
"Just got to Pioneer, where is it?"
"No, it's totally the same, I was flashing 5.11s in my gym after 6 months!"
What an original idea regarding this image!
Menard won at Indy...he was elated
"I really really really hope that Quiet turns out to be Chico so we can just helpfully point out that everyone calling Quiet a ""sexist character"" is internalizing their transmisogyny."
"But don't you see, it's the establishment's fault for not putting laws in place that *force* him to buy American!"
gotta love those texas christians.
Chandra confirmed first trans planeswalker
Reported for buzzkill!
Oh a big straight compliment
Yes SD cards and removable batteries is the reason the masses buy smartphones.
But they made the screen larger!
"sure, why not?"
Buy a Mac!
Nice contribution.
They won and it's called BM heh
If only there were some way to indicate that you were being sarcastic.
I can't see anything going wrong there...
*THE* *real* OSU
"But don't forget, Libertarians are the most immoral people and hate minorities."
"Yes, please piss off IBM and make them stop pouring millions into Linux and open source every year!"
Yeah way to old
Now only UltraGamer500 is missing
Might as well step back and take a few seconds to think about it.
Shows how much he knows.
you forgot
"Isis is that Egyptian god, right?"
Yeah Christians have never killed scores of people in the name of Christ.
"Because friends never become anything more, never..."
Ya they we're totally hacked!
Israel is super poor and needs the money.
"As a dude, can I see your tits?."
In a 30-year time frame..
"You triggered me, OMG you must be a redditor, the misogyny"
I doubt one could top the old game for PS2
Yup Patriots are the sole reason the Bills have not made the playoffs.
Hit
It probably would not be the same - because apparently old people are humans but children are not
call it a life hack and people will listen
Who?
"so i'm reading Sundome, OMG 5 chapters in I'm bawling so hard, she's so god damn lovingly sadistic, he's so hopelessly infatuated, ahh reminds me of my high school days... now i'm going to go cry in the corner"
"your so racist you bruise symbols of hate, that's amazing..."
Foxy is a good guy
"Well we all know that Paul McCartney wrote that verse, so you're argument is invalid."
"Yeah besides his multiple 20+ yard runs, he barely does anything!"
guess being the most 1337 h@x0r can only hide you for so long.
forgot your
"Because raven was super useless before, I'm sure no one will play one now."
#killthehype
And you're a tin-foil hat wearer if you think they'd be interested in my boring life!
Yeah... I HATE THAT
Because Nobel Peace Prize.
"I totally remember reading about all the officers ramming their cars into everyone, flying off the road and flipping their vehicles just going after someone speeding."
Look at the bright side - now you know which one of you is your parents' favorite.
He just doesn't want it enough of course.
63 million too much?
"Darn, guess I'll go die now since I live off of attention."
"Well, I mean, we sit around and play on the computer all day...."
Super shocked to find out they were Russian...
"Because a man cant be attacked by a woman, obviously!"
"No no no, we prefer you have the right to have an abortion, but you need to feel guilty about it."
That's why there are no homeless in Westlake Center and by Pike's Place?
I dropped my
"Not Aragorn, that's for sure!"
"Yeah, $2,500 for an award winning image of a BAND that you would THEN MOST LIKELY resell AGAIN and AGAIN and AGAIN to publications is totally worth giving up ALL rights to the image and being unable to RESELL it after you assign your rights to the image to Nikon."
"Ha android suck it, you can only charge one device with wireless charging but the vastly superior Apple can charge two at once"
You're exposing the business!
"Duh, he's a tyrannical dictator pussy king with a transcended wife and is an agent of Jeremiah Wright to impose Shari'a law on us!"
hilarious and original
manziel is the browns only hope
"Nah, that doesn't sound as cool bro"
But... But.. Didn't you see the ninja trying to steal it and couldn't?
"Huh, I think reddit is using targeting advertising, I bought a Corsair RGB keyboard with silent switches just last night."
"By ""lots of leaders"" you mean the two times Jeremy Corbyn has been leader of Labour, right?"
There certainly aren't enough liberal arts majors with teaching certifications out there looking for a job.
"OMG, trigger warning please!"
The next big thing
Yay for sexual assault...
Forgot the
"Kick him in the balls and then tell him it can't be ""that bad."""
"Ok I'll setup a kickstart, you start selling early-access"
"We need more posts that have ""guys"" in the title."
How did you make the thread if you're dead?
"The amount of random questions, chats with friends, train of thought and random personal questions that people have is startling"
"Khepri ult now gives power, has it's range doubled, and revives the target with 60% of their max hp."
Kaps only good with jetpacks
oh what a shock.
Everyone knows Netflix was going to die because they don't have Jumbo's Just Desserts anyway
"Have a kid, it'll totally eat up some of that free time"
Yet killing his children strangely didn't come up as an option to reduce his impact...
"Damn right, only white heterosexual couples couple be allowed to marry."
"Yeah, his sentence isn't light enough, I sure hope he gets raped or murdered in prison, cause that's justice for sure!"
Way to level up the CYBER VIOLENCE.
So you're the one who reported me trying to play the nice guy I see.
Such a shame there were no good guys with guns in the crowd to stop the truck
"Yea, most people hear about the Rift by looking through device manager."
Cause my opinion matters
But just think of how many other grave and serious issues we could belittle and trivialize through the use cute emojis instead of words to talk about them!
"His building business failed because of corrupt building unions, so of course he will try."
Yup by default it is immoral to not spend your time focused on the suffering of people you'll never meet.
Carson Wentz is not old enough to get that call on his players
"Wait a minute, which picture is minecraft and which picture is real life?"
shh no atheist has ever done anything wrong
Good Ol' Campaign against Chelsea.
FLUORIDE IN THE WATER MAKES YOU DUMB THIS IS HOW GOVERNMENT CONTROLS YOU WAKE UP SHEEPLE
Yea when he had 550 range he was impossible to catch
Didn't know Caiman were salt water animals.
Dank/10 not like super yoked out like arcane update
How is that possible if the earth is only 6000 years old.
"Well, this isn't going to turn into a shitstorm on facebook."
Two of the best centers in the game dueling it out
a trial is always hard if you cant auto it with tridon lead
"Yeah, all those white street gangs running around Compton and Chicago."
"Yes, that is the most important metric of any system"
That's like upper middle class there.
here I think you dropped this:
EA should give ~30% of there revenue to valve like all the good companies!
But globalization lifted millions of Indians and Chinese out of poverty!
"Nah dude, bio-broly is dabes!"
Especially in Texas!
2U
"Oh I see, working professionals should take advice from sub-20 year olds on the internet and expend the time to have 3 working OSes on their computer."
Why aren't you on the podcast anymore!
"Its not like he has over 1 month left to play with them in essence, right?"
BECAUSE 'MURICA IS ALL THAT MATTERS
Yes banning a sub for LEOs is the start of the solution
Damn tall people...
They had to kill him as it's incredibly easy to hide a fucking rifle behind your back.
It worked for the Czechs.
"No, you're my moral enemy now...."
He JUST got his own personal chef and now THIS happens.
"Literally hates women so much he'll only let men that look like women fuck him, none of the cis cobweb hatchet wound scum!"
#criminallivesmatter
Socialized medicine has done wonders for Cuba
Or you overclocked a reference r9 290x
"Lets not turn this into a mens rights discussion, we all know no one wants that"
And let's not forget that we need to investigate why Obama wasn't in the Oval Office on 9/11.
"Alrighty, if CNN does it then Trump doing it should be no problem"
Excellent form
It was probably Obama
And that's not at all off-putting to new players.
"No, the game was free after having paid the 60$ fee"
"So, you win by sandbagging, sounds like racing to me"
You mean brining up menstruating Jesus with tits at every option didn't prove his point?
"I know that vaccines cause autism, duh."
Yes cause fucking traps were the main issue with nidalee
BUT HE'S BEING ARRESTED HE'S A CRIMINAL
There's hardly any so it's a nice treat every now and then.
"If her friends would have just shared her post, Mitt Romney would have won."
This video is affecting the way people play zombies all over the globe.
Yeah because we're actually allowed to protest anything here
They were just informing the motorcyclist that he's supposed to stop ***before*** the crosswalk.
What kind of monster has their phone set to a 24 hour format?
"""But I can see where I'm going!"""
MMM dat mouf tho
Shou Tucker did nothing wrong.
Because the UAE and Islam are both completely relevant and useful in today's world.
"You're right, we need to coddle women, they're way too fragile to face any of the criticism that we strong men deal with."
It wasn't their book it was their dads..... You're definitely on the right side if you're throwing out the opposing sides books that isn't even your property
She has a thigh gap..clearly a hardbody.
That'll show them to pay their damn child support!
I think we need more WR's and another aging RB
this would be top comment with a
"Yes, the pretty graphics of Skyrim at 1080p"
Fucking misogynist!
"Yeah, why would any developer / publisher ever lie about any game, EVER?"
"No, that's offensive to people of German ancestry."
Get the xbox elite with the super D-pad for more emotes
i'd say wait for gold prices to drop.
"I don't know, I wouldn't trust free trains from germany."
"You have Stockholm syndrome, it's OK OPs bf"
BUT MY HEALTH INSURANCE MONTHLY PREMIUMS WILL INCREASE IF MOAR PEPOL ARE FAT D:
I hear more inflation helps.
wolves video next
Bitch did I ask you
BECAUSE FUCK YOU FOR LOOKING GOOD
Yeah that's why weight classes don't exist in combat sports
It doesn't have enough grips on it
It's not like almost everyone has felt lonely or unwanted at some point in their lives.
That was a bold and provocative statement.
"Not me, it's good that we have the restricted/ATT system because it prevents criminals from bringing their pistols places that are not approved."
"It's more cinematic, of course!"
He dropped the
Definitely unheard of
"Welp, he paid you a compliment, guess it's time for the sex now!"
Pffft.... Lazy....
But but but the steam is so cool!
"Yeah honestly I think we should leave this whole ""slavery"" business up to the states."
And I swear that I saw the Israeli PM also steal the organs from those poor children and then proceed to sexually abuse their bodies.
"Try Heroic Brawl, win 12 times for insane value!"
That's probably okay because it's pronounced Hey Zeus
I've always wanted a bass with no tone or volume knobs.
I'm sure he's just texting from his pool house.
Sucked.
Off topic: are you Eddie Lack?
Look at all the fucks I don't give
"He's German, he doesn't have time for jokes."
*watches overview of Soldier Field* WHOA THERE'S A LOT OF PEOPLE AT SOLDIER FIELD!
It was just a prank bruh
"Nah, we need more american representation because of reasons and stuff"
They've removed the pages.
"What's next, you miss Cole?"
Dem greedy capitalists though
Much better than that dirty **socialized** health care.
TIL one need university level studies in order to understand that the world doesn't revolve around them and that everyone has their own shit going on
"What a relief that even though men could physically take over the world and force women to do what they want, they haven't _spent centuries doing exactly that_."
"Good point, we should fine them instead."
This will work fine like the dao
I bet you don't even harvest your own organic raw foods and buy them like a pleb
God forbid someone enjoy something in a different way than I do!
Well noob that's because you didn't get flash and you are teemo.
Just rework murky and give him octograb baseline!
3 hours + 30 mins +20 mins + X eons for sermon =/= 2 hours ITS JESUS HE CAN STOP TIME YAY PRAISE HIM ALSO FUCK PIGEONS
Chances are you will die of a marijuana overdose before you can have a family.
Well you do get a pretty sweet photo
"Well, he was tresspassing."
Damn conservatives slashing sex ed from schools is what it is
"Simple Solution, execute the drone shooter."
You were probably dressed too provocatively.
I'm glad that talking about the Nice truck of peace attack and others is no longer allowed on youtube.
I heard its called 22 because it bounces around 22 times in the human body
Im sure when the cops are surrounding the house the occupants are really going to check periscope and get an advantage.
Yeah she obviously hates climbing and is just a broken human being.
Yeah when I was watching Avatar I didn't even notice!
"Don't worry, he's winning"
More 3 hour technical delays plz
No.
"Oh thank god, my faith in humanity is restored."
"Blow jobs are a slippery slope, my friend."
"I haven't noticed an unusual amount of racism, but I'm white and therefore inherently ignorant."
Oh yeah cause there's no way that's intended
"nono, you don't understand before premades didn't exist, this thing of being camped by the enemy duo is only a dynamic queue thing."
yeah fuck capitalism!
Relativity
"And in other news, Texas has now passed a law making it illegal for women to menstrate because stem cells..."
Def MacKeeper ;)
**definitely** sent by trump supporters!
Preferences are racist.
Racist !
Force of Nature + Savage Roar
Obviously when women do better than men it's because they are smarter and more talented than men and when men do better it's because of the patriarchy that subjugates them and keeps them down.
The pornography charge is worth the non-conformity
Half of a whole hole
"It will be all 1054 over again, and Greece will pay for it.."
Here:
Mass surveillance really does a good job protecting us doesn't it?
"""Completely unrelated"" I'm sure this is just a gun control issue"
"PC games are full of ""hackers"" anyway."
"Dude just really needed to get online today and post about how huge his dick is... get off his huge dick about it, won't ya?"
Sounds like something the Cosmos would do
Color me shocked you don't understand the difference between style of clothing and an explicit message put onto clothes.
"Didn't you know, it's impossible to play video games and live a normal life at the same time!"
Well at first it was
"As long as those tax dollars are going to fund the penal system that is expressly designed to prevent you from escaping it and possibly private prison corporations, who gives a fuck?"
Chromosomes are a social construct you CIS white privileged male!
"No, this is a safe space, don't mansplain me you f*ck"
I think the Lion Cat Eizard Lord should be our next dark troop!
Buuut criminals=poor=democrats
Yeah I too hope that an unsubstantiated and completely made up *possible* scenario doesn't happen.
How come teams don't threaten to move to LA if they don't get a new stadium?
"Eventually, if he persists, he may ""pot his wetness in your u-know-what sexily""!"
"Because if it's not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone."
"yeah, spyleader is still a newb cheater so he misclicked and flusha is already a pro at using them"
It's easy to win when you have someone obviously using an aimbot
Should be pretty easy to get a payday loan for that much!
Yes it's a lovely unchanging shade of brown.... Goes so well with the black and white DO shaders.
Good job they're *white* aliens.
The most shocking thing in this video was Chelsea fans actually singing
That's a shame - I'm sure you would've been bigger than Kim Kardashian had you decided otherwise.
roof.
"Nah, it's all part of his plan to tear apart America from the inside out."
the boomers are going to get the *absolute best* in retirement homes
Absolutely ashamed that not everyone decided to voluntarily cause someone undue distress.
"Yeah totally, because it works so well in the US..."
Good joke!
Must be antisemitic.
So fuckin savage
"I have a device that lets it hover over my head, while still staying attached by the peyos..."
you dropped the
The solution is to stick another tempered glass screen on top.
You should convert and add insult to injury
"No, you see, you don't actually have to do that - you could drop your job and all your responsibilities at this instant and lock down a rich man who'll take care of you for the rest of your life if only you have se with him."
"I mean, it's not like it lead to 9/11 or anything"
"Oh lol sorry i meant ""ech, furpeople ewwwww"""
"You can't be sexist against boys, silly."
At least it isn't Jalapeno gas or Ghost Pepper gas.....
Don't they?
Lamar is where it's at
"It's weird, it must be American!"
"Yeah i dont see any Balls best western top, meteos best western jungler, Sneaky surpassing WT and DL, nope never seen any of that"
Let's change this subreddit's font to this!
He said talent.
"Yes, that's exactly who Wenger had on his mind as a top, top striker the whole time."
"Yeah seriously, how can they beat poor NiP like this"
They already have a power forward
TIL People date one another to leech money off the other party...
"Yes, deal out some righteous beta justice!"
If the damn liberals didn't give them the coverage in the first place they would have never known what they were missing!
You OK?
Seems like a normal day on DN.
Alright I'll remember to send you over my NFL player hate ranking for evaluation next time I express dislike of JJ Watt
"Yes, that helps me since I went to college and had to take out loans"
why the hell would anyone want a pillow made of bamboo
What are you on about imgur is flawless
maybe you could sell your eth and buy btc as a protest
"What are you saying, that you HAVEN'T seen the video of Bin Laden making out with Hillary?"
"Careful... At that rate, he might become a school gunman"
Westbrook is toxic to the team and impeding on their long term success.
Well you can't have wars when everyone is dead.
"""Down voted for truth"""
This is helpful since school started today in Opelika.
"How unlucky, he could be playing in the Championship right now (maybe some day)."
you forgot
"I think the message grandma is trying to get across is ""I don't like black people"" but it's a little hard to say for sure because she's being so subtle"
"Yeah, CBS is definitely against getting a few million hits on their website."
How could us idiots notice if it wasn't pointed out for us?
"Wow, you're so cool and open-minded."
Strong women don't get pussy grabbed
"Boze is there to show that OpTic accepts you no matter your size, creates good P.R"
"Hah yeah, ""normal"" people aren't mean"
"Yes, having to prove who you are is such a huge hassle and attempt to disenfranchise folks."
But the the subreddit will explode if these posts continue!
"Because when you read, you hear it in your head!"
Tyrell = Elliot
No that info on the black bars gives too much advantage.
They should just take the puck away so that way everyone wins!
:) Maybe I should've added a
Sssssmmmooooooth.
A dick measurement in centimeters is clearly the mark of a classy gentleman
They're gonna have to deal with that Ghanaian fan in white face paint too.
Weak OBP
"What a bunch of dicks, running up the score in a blowout..!"
Yeah I'd sure hate for Allen to give away Frazier's defensive gameplan.
Fuse 9 to unlock her sbb
Downvoting cuz you mispeled crappy
"Yeah, it's such a tease."
"Shockingly, modern consumers reject the notion of returning to ""Gilded Era"" standards of food quality."
hey guys look its an eclipse
Yup that's exactly what happened
"If Modi was PM, this would have never happened"
R. Kelly confirmed for the NX reveal.
"That's why you have to bring a few hits for lunch, and your 15!"
They probably will retire it one day since no one seems to be commenting on it.
You mean like how conservatives drift in a certain direction?
"Heh, if only we lived in a democracy"
"No, they were paying for the ""Cheney Brand"" because *anyone* can spew nonsense, but when a Cheney does it people *listen* because Cheney's are *serious people*."
"Is it ok if we start banning the ""Is it okay if we start banning the 'is it ok if we ban' the 'is it ok' posts""?"
"Gotta protect those creeper peepers, amirite?"
Its k though cos there onli young cant just expect kidz to not be azzholes.
"I bet ""he"" is left handed, since you know so much..."
Its not like that pick paid off for us or anything...
"Of course not, and of course I would be so relieved to know he isn't gay because being gay is somehow bad."
This is still better than letting Ajoa take her shower [Biahno Tragedy WHYYYYYYYYYYY]
"Yeah, Cesaro would be just as big as Austin or Cena with proper booking"
Bitter much.
I dunno...I kind of miss the knowledge and wisdom that Poulin and Loiselle had
"Should only have to be 20 to drink there, the drinks seem to be less alcoholic than advertised..."
"that's why you pronounce it ""squirrel"""
Wouldn't it be nice if we lived in a world where criminals gave up their guns for a pizza?
Yeah i will just buy parts with the money i get with the job i have
"Come on, man, it's not all bad, you get food and stuff, and you won't get killed..."
It's not piracy if the developer gives you the key ;) Honest pirate!
No no no Drew should stop trying to out score the points our defense gives up *every single game* he should stop being a filthy stat padder.
But a bridge can be used by the CCP to send tourists and tanks to take over HK.
"Cause if I were going to pick one candidate to shoot harambe and one to protect him, this is exactly the way I would see it playing out."
Its so inhumane to spray people opposed to physically prying people apart against their will (while they are all interlocked).
The law has a well known liberal bias.
"Teach them to play video games then, goddammit."
"I suppose they could always unionize like the NFL/NBA, nothing ever goes wrong with that right?"
"Thanks for the great post, great insight on the world of wrestling"
but but but... liberating... and exhibitionism.
Denying this is both sexist against women and islamophobic.
Having a top post on reddit with a picture of rematch happening tells you a lot of how useful it is.
"Naw, I'm sure that's just a coincidence."
But a fish isn't an animal
"Yeah that really indicates that her mother has a high level of control over her, doesn't it."
Spit Out The Bone
"Throw in a Winston shield and some kind of Genji deflect ability too, that'll make him almost underpowered but at least viable."
"Yes, I'm sure tons of women would go out on the town and enjoy nightlife when there's no men around to see them"
"Guys don't worry, this is actually labors fault for not using Abbott approved Direct Action ^^TM and put up a couple of solar panels in their backyard"
"Why knew dear Abby was a rape supporting misogynist who thinks that men should be able to get away with rape by just blaming it on a ""Breakdown in communications?"
"when you're global, you can't have a bad day, you're either perfect or a boosted shit"
This kills the tree.
"So, Donald Trump then?"
Gus isn't a true champion.. Didn't do what it takes
Well at least replacing the zendikar fetches should be cheap!
"Yeah, it's almost like programming a game is hard or something"
"Yes, and we should privatize those!"
It's almost as the NFL has no idea about their fan base
"yeah, he might just *stop wanting sex, ever, for the rest of his life* great advice"
Are vaccinations also bad for your dogs?
"Check your facts, this is from Australia mate."
IVE NOT SEEN THIS BEFORE
Smith and Wesson can solve that.
Pls die of heart heart
You want my social while where at it?
Classy
"Yet, you answer me on reddit... good luck with that!"
"Wow this was so much fun, see you next year when Tom Brady will supposedly be traded to the Texans."
"Yes, that's the only possible conclusion."
"I totally agree, furthermore we should group this deceitful people all together in some place, like a concentration camp!"
"Those who can't play, teach."
Yea but what rights and changes to legislatures have gay people ever accomplished through these efforts?
Finally releasing the PC version on console!
Politicians are well known for following through on their promises.
Everyone knows that Russians and Spaniards have *exactly* the same culture!
I can understand seeing as you watch Arminia Bielefled who plays such a high level.
I don't think that's true...
Wait you're supposed to report those
"Hey man, why you shit talking one of the greatest offensive minds in football of all time?"
Did VTPD's budget just get cut by any chance?
"Yeah, I'm sure it swam up his butt all by itself."
But you can just use the GPU in the monitor!
Good thing is not that far from me or anything
Hahaha thats something.... She must be getting close now
its upside down.
So getting exposed to germs causes autism?
"As expected, this thread was full of novel insight"
Nah he mist be a pedophile coming to steal all of our children
At first I thought he had a speech impediment but then I realized he was British.
Nice strawman!
Well yeah
"Yeah, a single mother accepting help from her father in law SUREE sounds manipulative."
"Oh man, size queens sound like a huge problem."
Well whoever went could ONLY be backstage until 6am cause after that is when the real party started.
Bruh how am gonna align my chakras without my hetti gear
"What, because she's a girl?"
"Look at that stance, very weak, I bet he couldn't hit for shit."
"6'10"" Rondo with worse passing"
At least we didn't boo them as they came in :D wonder if that had anything to do with it
"Guess it's time to blind everybody, then"
"No worry, first team will play against Juventus and the reserve team in Europe"
"Yes and never mind that Christians drink *while in church*, they also happen to have the least drunk countries in the world..."
Uh obviously because they know not to attack Alabama for this very reason...
Because if we liked communicating with people we wouldn't be sinking time in game hidden behind virtual avatars.
He was probably riding a trek
Wouldn't always running up the middle be predictable?
"Passive aggression is what you get for fighting the war against Christmas, you heathen."
"No, obviously Snapchat made her do it."
"Right, he was clearly asking those questions out of a desire for intellectual gain."
"superwholockian: Omg stop judging my interests, cis male!"
"Yeah everyone knows people who only speak Spanish also know people who speak English and talk about politics I hope this isn't needed, but just in case ^"
Forgot the
Nah... I don't see jack black anywhere
Invest in a better connection?
"Hey man, flashing teammates just makes them work that much harder"
yeah anyone can do that
"Im shocked they made a video during vacations, huge props for them"
obviously because he gets carried every game even though he brings nothing to his team
"Brought a plane, no money left for a 1080"
I thought Trump was supposed to bring an end to all of this pussy PC culture?
Because it is.
Isis haven't gotten a skin in 2 years even though she got two but they don't count cuz I don't like them
"But you're doing something you love, so you're not even working each day!"
Who needs CBs when the QB will only have 2 seconds to throw the ball.
That means... Alpha Centauri?
"hey, he spent money, therefore it is his RIGHT to get exactly what he wants from the game"
Assassin type of champion against Kayle sounds like a great idea.
But you do cartwheels on the hands and the arms remains attached duh!
get outta here with that logic!
"I, for one, am shocked"
Told I shouldn't talk and that I'm trash after smashing a kid 14/3
"Sorry dude but, it's not gaming unless you're handicapping yourself"
This is a purely anti-feminism thread and saying otherwise is closed minded.
That's not a very nice thing to say to a small breasted girl
All the bad people who want to break the unity of 1 Malaysia
Remember guys leftists hate guns he's clearly a republican
Jesus would like a word with you.
Yeah that's probably why professional swimmers who want to go fast don't use their arms and go all leg powered
Short games
we're clearly too stupid to have freedumbs
No the eye can't see above 24 fps anyway
Also that is just the default setting for Eastern European and Slavic girls.
Because having hope a movie is going to be good is totally comparable to denying cientific facts.
A complete unreasonable request.
Vaporwave
The Cowboys are so good that they have the 2 best players on one team
She's fighting her own war on Christmas.
Yeah we need to thin out their ranks.
Her religious views fascinate me.
That's exactly what they *want* you think!
"Oh sure, you would like to throw me under the bus."
that's how you keep them from lobbying just employ them!
The bible is evidence
"Yes, a fake pixel dude looks better than me"
Well thankfully all guns are banned in post offices.
"Damn, knew they were out to get Murph"
But Ontario is Canada.
Just do one upvote and one downvote
It totally does man my friend got a gjallarhorn the first time we didn't open it
what amazing deals!
well isn't that a coincidence.
best include more teams in the end of season finals wouldn't won't these teams to miss out
Ghosts was so much fun.
Nah you'll be fine
"Nope, its YOUR fault that people are frightened sheep who overreact to everything."
"Yeah, attack a local instead, much more traditional."
I bet FPI would favor us vs Northwestern
"DUDE, STOP GIVING THEM OUR SECRETS!1!1!1!1!2!2"
The technology just isn't there yet...
Then how come all convenience store owners are Indian?
Getting into a huge battle against other players in a central hub solar system in which loads of people are warping in at the same time and are all destroying a whole planet.
"he confirmed that he is dead , dead people cant get tired"
If only crossbows were registered
They'll be sure not to bias towards Activision/Blizzard titles.
I hope you missed your
"Yes, let's belittle the victim instead of the fucking predator, that's a fine idea."
If so I'm sure it went well.
Classic cop.
Nice 'trolling'!
Will do!
look how big his exhaust pipe is...he must have a big penis
"Yeah, because evolution is a scheme concocted by ""Athiest scientists"" trying to ""take god out of schools"""
"it's also a play on Business/Basketball Intelligence, cause he's always making the right plays."
But that was obviously where you wanted it to go.
HES A PHONY
"Funny, because I get annoyed at atheists!"
You're CLEARLY just insensitive to the wellbeing of our planet.
"I don't know about you, but it's an instant ^^^underaged panty dropper!"
Yeah he totally deserved to get death threats from bigoted right wing extremists and supremacists
"Well, ya know, it's not like he had a HOF RB back there or something"
You mean I can't just copy paste sine of that html mumbo jumbo like I did for my MySpace layout?
Selective memory recall is required at the MTSO Framing shop!
Well that was helpful.
No I think his 100% amnesty plan will go down really well with Republican voters
Not with his foot acting up!
we weren't even focusing on the cup anyways
"Woah woah woah, are you implying that we would have lost to Ohio State in a rematch that we took to overtime in a home night game?"
Yeah...uh-huh...and I'm supremely rich and beautiful.
Looks like Michigan needs some FREEDOM!
Because you helped the brotherhood dominate the wasteland?
Maybe I should tag everything I post as [OPINION]
But... but... I might need those bullets!
Welcome to atheism.
"Obviously, this is proof of the patriarchy..."
"Not only this, no one will be paid, if we are not required to pay them under our current understanding and handling of ""intellectual property."""
"Oh yeah, we had all our starters for that game..."
"Nah, their p90 game was tight"
Is that Rocket Raccoon for the Rockets?
"Remember, it's not racist if it's a positive stereotype."
"They've been doing such a smashing job of self policing up to this point, unquestionably due to the wonderful leadership of Blatter."
I hate you.
"What an informative reply, thanks"
Good thing we don't have multiple organs in our bodies to flush toxins out.
"yes, he will definitiley give the lebanese army some money."
"Absolutely agree that the M8 should be banned, in fact, all AR's should be banned, they are difficult to beat when I have a shotgun at distance."
I also believed in a drug free Baltimore
"And she killed Vince Foster, in the library, with the candlestick, too."
"No no no, you become one of the modt powerful man alive by being stupid and crazy."
Obviously that's why people have stuck with the game so long.
"Its called Hightower, not Trytower dude"
"Ahh yes, the Tories are the ones who really know how things work, everyone else is an idiot."
"Steven seagall is a popular actor in Russia, coincidence?"
TIL Hebrews are Slavs
"You have such well thought out, and important contributions."
"I'll make one for you, if you give me every single type of plush available."
Don't forget those amazing sex tips
Nah the NFL probably isn't spending the $100 it costs to send the test for deeper analysis
"good thing, too, because of all the female traffic this sub gets."
Oh boy another pogo player
I really really really hope you forgot to write
"Yes, that makes it okay"
"Yeah, with my ASL underneath."
*Evolved*
You forgot
Well it's technically 5.5 GB
I'm pretty sure Napoleon said that.
I wonder if this factors into college rankings
Why listen to one of the parties involved when you could listen to idle speculation from people who don't even know them?
dead.
"Well, you would just *love* the PS3/360 version."
Who plays Hearthstone with a keyboard ?
Guess you better start spamming Buzzfeed and Zimbio quizzes then.
More attachments!
Double Krugs for blue side and gromp for purple... great.....
"Where as Hillary doesn't get attacked at all because republicans love her, right?"
"Not issues, features."
"""Pants up - Don't droop"""
Grand theft auto V
How dare you blaspheme against Yeungling!
"Yeah, not nearly old enough to commit a crime"
It'll crash the rare market if that happens.
Let's bone bby
Nothing some very tricky Gerrymandering shouldn't be able to remedy!
"Job creators and capitalism, duh."
Apparently never because you and me are literally the only people who can't keep track of which tab opened this other tab.
"Nah, it's too tanky and offers too much value for 3 elixir, better decrease the health by 10%."
And he was terrible after that
"Yes, let's totally force people to follow the religion we all follow, dress the way that we dress, eat the food we eat (which ironically contains cuisines from their countries)...that doesn't sound like the countries we're speaking out against at all!"
Everyone knows facts are the ugly truth.
What about a Messi record breaker for going 4 appearances without a goal for the first time since May 2011?
"It helps poor people by making their landlords and bosses wealthier, motivating them to create more jobs."
"Yes, now everyone is happy."
Well we all know Native Americans aren't real people.
"Wow, ruuude."
"Yeah I'm so shocked, never seen it before from any team, no one has ever been overconfident before"
Because it's SLAUGHTER.
"Having standards is racist, we should let minorities do whatever they want you bigot!"
"but you cant play on the couch, amirite?"
Didn't think I needed the
"They prefer the term ""differently abled"", you ableist shitlord"
"remember, she's a woman so her husband is really in charge"
Thanks that is really helpful
Well it was fun while it lasted
Nine 2 second goes doesnt count.
"Well if you read one of the slightly previous posts, apparently Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare is where the shiznit is at these days."
"If Naruto was a guy, his top yaoi partner would be Sasuke."
"Turns out, everything is terrorism now."
One person talks shit and you blame all of us
Don't you know Islamists have the human right to live in UK?
Yah need a
That'll teach those kids not to run around being poor anymore.
"""actually its not good its perfect "" Says the guy who forgot a comma."
"Hey guys, its ok, the free market will punish Nestle for the human rights abuses any time now."
Love you Pap &amp;lt;3
Opara would've stopped him...
Lol they are actually Obsidian wannabe
"I would formulate an argument against this, but you used bleacher report, which is the best possible source you could use for an article."
Spoken like a true blasphemies.
Unpopular opinion
Listen to your doctor's except when they questions your goddess status
"Ugh, when will fatigue set in?"
"Hey HotSh!t, Alex Jones called, he said your conspiracies are disgusting and obscene."
yeah everyone is rooting some US style superhero to make everything right.
Dorami sponsel
It's a security inquiry.... not an investigation.
You forgot this
"Yes, because the planet we live on dying out within the next 100 years isn't a big enough antagonist."
"Yeah, that lineup sucked"
Yeah I'm sure he's talking about the .01% of whale farming that's necessary sustenance of indigenous peoples
The real hero... Upvotes to the left!
Reddit: Pretty accepting of Republicans and people of faith.
This is just Bernie's propaganda machine working to make us believe that Maldonado is a bad driver and undeserving of a seat.
"Those fucking gays and their fishing, I tell ya h-wut."
"Pff, gathering 10mil for charity is super easy, you just have to cheat like Athene does..."
"Yes, I definitely admit it: there would be no fewer Jews in the world than there are now had the Holocaust been allowed to continue."
Teach the controversy!
"Whoa whoa whoa, reddit has moral limits now..."
You're racist
Yay ethnic cleansing!
Too much fear of AI might crop up out of that.
Sometimes HR departments are given another HR department so they also have someone to hate.
The pink lipstick really ties it all together.
The rules only apply to us normal peasants.
it wouldn't have gotten so popular if it weren't for breaking bad
Great aim.
You forgot your
So a guy can't check out the bikes while walking with his bolt cutters?
Every new map is the worst map in Halo history.
Buncha fatasses
"Yes, public schools are awesome."
Ohh yes circle broke is the place for honest open and truthfull discussions
you dropped your
"Hey, nothing can't be worse than Superior Spider-Man, right?"
"They should take me to the Euros, I've not played much in the prem this year, but trust me if I did, I'd be Messi."
"but guise, barch is ded"
"Pah, just like blizzard to make us kill a Pve mob for a Pvp item!"
At least now we know who to cheer for next season.
What could possibly go wrong?
^ I found the scientists.
Who?
"Going by the profile pic, it probably is a fake ninja account Source: Am actual ninja"
Yeah man salary cap is unconstitutional.
Moon
"Pretty sure he was after his brother, Jonathan."
"It's the rich peoples fault for using their earned income to extend their lifespan and rub it in our faces and it's junk food's fault for getting me hopelessly addicted and contributing to my ""beautiful"" body size."
because telling him he is an idiot will definitely help the teams morale and make that guy suddenly realise how to correctly play the game
well if it's LaCanfora it must be a lock
"But that would dilute the events with Bullseye, Daken, Yelena Belova, and Juggernaut."
"But those are women's things, so they can't be bad."
Full employment is always good for capitalism.
Obviously those children are sacred gifts from the devil.
"No, *you* calm down."
Fight the good fight my fellow MRA!
"lol, PBY RAMMED MY ARADO AND LIVED, GAIJIN AMERICAN BIAS"
"Thrall didn't steal the kill... Let's just say he ""accidentally"" tagged him first"
"Yeah man, deep wildy pking, pvm and slayer are all irrelevant"
"Yeah, i mean remember watch dogs?"
Below 25 - noob 25-29 - regular player 30+ - obviously a spoofed mcnolifer who's only goal is to keep me from holding down gyms with their army of totally legit Dragonites
Yeah because clinton wasn't a household name
"I was going to buy a nice HP mainframe but AMA from IBM architect totally changed my mind, what a clever marketing trick."
"There are 2 ""l""s ya stupid"
"With MAPLE RESOLVE as the center of gravity for Land Forces, as long as that goes off we will be good."
A Bernie Sanders Super PAC is awesome but ones for Republican candidates and Hillary Clinton are wrong and buying our election!
Oh snap
"Nah man, your gonna watch the same 4 people for months on end and you're gonna like it."
"Sure, I believe you."
But the mother is always BETTER than the father!
What if its just a big conspiracy to bring the all the Fox stuff to Marvel?
"75% of girls *do*, they just change colour and are brown every time *you* check."
How dare Assad squish the peaceful protestors?
Imposible arrancar si no tenes unos cuantos palos de inversion [o sos terrible garca como los de avalancha]
That foul is clearly a conspiracy by BBN hating refs to allow A&amp;M to rip their heart out later.
But we didn't pick Stanley so the season is lost.
"Police, fire fighter, construction worker, plumber, pizza delivery boy, but no, ""manly"" jobs are never sexualized."
"After the masterpiece that was 13, of course."
"Hey dude, he's experienced all of Bassnectar's music through headphones, he really gets the energy and the drive."
Because I LOVE having all the facts
"Well then that would be admitting he was wrong, and democrats are never wrong."
You must be really fun at parties.
TIL: Liberia and Myanmar have been to the moon.
Because the build for sup kha is super set in stone as a meta pick right?
My computer has sooo many colours that people would think that it's hosting the gay parade
All Broncos fans do is complain
"Exactly, why would you buy dinner for your parents?"
Deploying tacks near a children's playground sounds like an excellent idea...
"This day, we wait!"
"You're a banned user under an alt, get him!"
I hope you forgot your
"Yes, because we should support fat acceptance."
"Yes this is all we will ever get, Blizzard announced this will literally be the only other cosmetic released for Overwatch, enjoy your golden weapon"
you a seahawks fan too?
Isn't gentrification wonderful?
"Well, obviously that's because she was fat, black, and poor."
Not sure if
"Ah yes, the guy who judges people based on a haircut I guess blondes are stupid too, Sweden is filled with retards amirite"
Ross Ford
"Gee, I wonder if user SmokeADaKoosh is gonna be objective on the matter of drugs."
"Duh, most kinks are doing something dirty, taboo, and morally questionable."
"Guys he didn't say THE Ohio State, I think he's a fraud."
African American metal?
Ohio is lovely this time of year.
I'll grab one off eBay then.
Here you dropped this
HAHAHAHAHA THIS IS SOOOO FUNNY LOLZ
"They could fine Tom 25k, that'd put a dent in his pocket."
"Football- that's the one with sticks, right?"
Good thing I had my mother in law coming over this weekend.
"Don't worry I'm sure DPS will levy appropriate disciplinary measures on Bennett, as they are obviously very serious and committed to protecting players from head injuries."
But the homeless are harmless!
"No one knows who these Vikings players are, they need exposure!"
Flush Hijab Day
He's the NFL's problem now.
Just a little
"Spoilers dude, now i know this episode is going to be great"
Yet Ashe has a higher winrate than Kalista... Geee Ashe sucks
It feels like they made the episode in under a week
"Wow, you sound like a nice person."
Well you certainly make your point eloquently....
Let's stick to questions about Rampart.
"Wait what why did mine not have one, i got scamed :("
"They were *Polish* camps, remember"
"Yea, our 2nd amendment rights are the most important thing right now!"
"but why do we have to go around kicking things guys, the real way forward is peacefully asking the owner of the fountain to unlock it for us :)"
WOO GOVT INTERNET
Knowing your child will certainly stop it from having an epilepsy attack or bleeding to death because the fancy vase fell onto the child and broke into a million pieces!
"That's gonna be impossible for me, I've spent the last 2 years making the darkest collection so my only option is being 100% fleek at any given moment"
"Aww, cannibalism can't be sweet?"
"Dude, spoilers"
Windows 10 would just detect it as an unsupported program and uninstall it even though it works perfectly fine.
Yeah because getting smashed by a Titan is totally fun.
TIL: Mutualism is capitalistic
He can't refuse a petition if hundreds of people sign it for goodness sake
Reddit requires the
Add another to the body count
I too am surprised that humanity isn't one giant hivemind.
Nah it's because the backup wheel is filled with helium which lifts the back of the car up and thus makes the total weight of the car go down
"ANARCHISM IS TOTALLY THE COOL REBELLION THESE DAYS IT'S THAT PUNK KIND OF MUSIC, RIGHT?"
Thanks Obamacare!
Avicii
"Ooh yes, who could play older Felicity?"
"Guys, please watch out for MS shills in this thread commenting that this is ridiculous."
"This is male privledge, shitlord."
Wait......a liveleak where someone isn't dead/dyeing?
"Let's just repost everything from 2 days ago, I'm sure no one will notice."
You are the problem haha
Because Short and Weak don't you know!
Is it just because zithromax is worthless after being the DOC for viral infections for years?
"Ah yes, asking about the weather or recent sport event is soon crucial to getting to know her as a person!"
"Yeah, let's go back to only being able to resize a window from the bottom right corner!"
"Buy the 10 dollar Mythic pack, I hear it's pay to win and totally breaks the game"
Peel back that white tape for me?
"Oh wow, I had no idea that nepotism was still part of this culture of celebrity worship."
But think of all the farmland
"Cool, glad I googled it before assuming it was something complex."
Ya but it didn't have more women so there wasn't a reason to get up in arms despite that one being worse.
"ITT: lots of sane, rational discussion..."
"But you know with that DR, Natalie is sooooo fake."
Bro I just crush up spiders to pack my bong.
Didn't you read the requirement?
Is that the America National song?
Couldn't have happened to a nicer guy.
But meh Bjergsen is na
"Yup, I totally see how Russia/China/India and half of african countries are better than most european countries... specially like Norway Switzerland Austria or Finland... not to mention the rest This is the most legit **top** I have ever seen"
You are 5ight players in my skill bracket just commit suicide and try to lose the whole time.
"It's OK, she's nearly 11"
Yes because if the senate flips it would totally be because of Bernie...
"Technically they should be able to vote in the US: One person, one vote."
I was hoping that the downside was mutant powers.
"Uh Oh, BRB...."
Bruh you're supposed to work on your placement skills until you do it perfectly
"No, only cops are bad, all cops, all are the same."
Deeming education necessary is racist because it doesn't take into account poor black people who can't afford to go to school
Cradle robber.
But but only men can rape
Spoilers bro
"Also, you are a warlock so you don't even have friends and everyone hates you"
Since the soup is payed for they should at least be able to bring their own bowls!
"Remember, there are just 300 of us with puppet accounts."
I respect your bravery in going without the
My byali
What could go wrong?
"Strange to have an attraction to a ""man"" with a Mercedes badge for a head."
"Um, I don't know what you are smoking dude, Europe is a band."
"Ja, jij niet dan?"
"That's why pro-piracy posts harvest downvotes like hell in all cases, right?"
Murray to the Browns confirmed.
How are they still alive after removing the brain?
Because You Type Like This
just like planting that Russian flag at the north pole was clearly not any kind of posturing
"Yeah, every one knows it was the jews!"
"In which case, this is fine!"
Yay another performance of Fantastic Baby
dirty filthy quarter-millionaires don't deserve that money anyways.
"Dont you worry guys, source2 will fix this and other bugs"
I forgot the
I heard that aluminum foil makes good heat resistance wraps....
"Not true, i wouldn't dismiss a girl under 12 if she had sex"
It's like they're just making up stuff now
"And America belongs to the native americans, we don't all get our way"
But his skin is brown so he couldn't have been
"Well, she sounds delightful."
"Yea man, remember season 3 J4 and Lee not winning other peoples lanes?"
Are you sure it wasn't Grant Wahl?
I'd rather spam Y-Wing bombs at hard points on capital ships than have aerial dogfights with 60 other ships over imperial bases.
I'm sure we'll all solve our equality issues by competing to see who has it rougher.
"Yes, because this was the case for both Android and iOS"
Obviously those are controlled or because of Jews!
guurrrl thats crazy talk!
Hey fuck you
But the Wardens are so creative and fun!
"I like gas stations that have drones in the skies, on moment's notice ready to flatten the place."
But he has been listening for two years so the show must be tailored to what he likes.
He f***** Rabbitt's Mom I hate that guy!
"Nah man, Arkham Knight was a great game, just a victim of a circlejerk"
"Wes Morgan, Claudio Ranieri and Danny Drinkwater have all been absolute bellends throughout the entire campaign too."
"And some people say Quick is overrated, what a beautiful save"
"But it's football, not smelly *immigrants*"
"BUT GOD IS IMAGINARY, MUH ATHEISM IS REAL!"
Nah guys I think he just has really good gamesense.
It sounds like she's doing this case for free but will get paid if Avery wins some lawsuits
"LOL, Freedom of speech."
Don't worry once you get out of school everybody uses it and there's tonnes of job opportunities.
Couldn't happen to a nicer person.
after a soldier is all shot up what good are they?
"Yes, because enemy nexus towers are generally where one starts when they want to split."
"Look, those billions in royalties and residuals don't make themselves..."
"Nah, fans would rather see that wide open jumper or break away dunk"
"Nah, I bet it's a graphical glitch."
Maybe your keyboard is throwing
"Ah, Bangladeshi."
"Right, I'm off to see if I can buy one by queuing up at the Apple store"
"When people discuss Queen they're obviously thinking of all that great stuff they released in the 80s, not their music from the mid 70s that nobody cares about"
Content unrelated to League of Legends.
Who knows HR might come back...
"Well, better than nothing..."
Keep r/crossfit full of posts about shoes.
Nah but hes one of the best European players in the league!
You're a pervert!
We could just solder cables to reestablish the connections
Which is why there have been so many snipers killing people with .50BMG here
shutyourface
Nice humble brag..
Yes because the NSA hasn't admitted to doing exactly as he said.
"All while you sit around completely helplessly because of tristana's passive that makes it so you can't move or use any abilities, dumb champ please nerf."
Just means gun owners have good accuracy.
But if you ate any less your body would go into starvation mode and you'd actually *gain* weight!
"But he's a fan of Achievement Hunter, he deserves to know **EVERY** detail of what goes on in Geoff's life!"
"Whoa duuuude, so philosophical and cool"
"Well, if Officer Johnson wasn't such a dick, no one would be asking for his footage."
Hey that's new and exciting!
"Well, neither of the candidates is a scientist, so...."
Good thing Kap only looks at his first read anyway
You definitely missed the part in orientation where we meet at the Ugli every night at 7PM to circlejerk over where we are in the latest academic rankings.
"Wow, your rhetoric really leaves a lot up for debate!"
Remember: Islam is the true women's liberation!
Better dead than red.
Basically equal
I think you forgot a
"bold prediction: Karin is gonna use her ultimate jutsu: self destruct so her blood splatters on everyone around her, healing them in the process."
"Cool, even the achievements have RNG to them."
That was America's plan all along!
Yeah who would wear a Black and Yellow jersey ?
And everyone told me that the grocery fairy was a myth...
"Didn't you hear, Dyrus died a bunch in that one game yesterday so he's actually been bad for his entire career and is the sole reason TSM has been losing games"
But is he a system player?
"I fucking love this subreddit, no"
Because clearly your incarceration wasn't your punishment.
I'd like to see Pontius Pilate
None and the day they start is the day America has truly gone down the drain.
"yelling and violence, try to call someone a dickbag before you leave."
I remember this post from last year
"Yeah and Sian is on maternity leave now so it's OK, right?"
Yes thank you for that.
I especially love when you smell them approaching from a mile away and the perfume lingers behind them like a tail for another mile.
And people wonder why conspiracy theorists say the government is putting mind altering/ destroying chemicals in our [Insert physical thing]
spotted the feminist.
Wow that's fucking justice.
"Import more crappy coffee chains, we don't have enough of those already"
"Thanks for giving them ideas, I'll be sure to send some sauce during your roast."
Ij there any rejervation in those category or are they general?
Well don't worry you can just remove the clot then run it
Assault: totes kawaii.
Obviously it is all part of the Liberal conspiracy.
Who needs djs anymore!
"sorry, forgot this..."
because we don't have enough midfielders.
Just like Middle Easterners
Because Apple products are the *only* things that anyone owns.
That scene in Stepbrothers would have been so much better if they had just started gunning down all those kids.
"Nope, they're terrible."
Because all supporters of gun rights support gun violence :/...
Watch your mouth before we take Dion Waiters too...
But lebron and all of the fans left so were not good
Yea right it sure happens and you are in no way exaggerating anything.
"Don't worry, our $3/week fee should fix all if it shortly!"
Ya suck it up and play a game you don't want to play because your teammates make for a dull and exhausting experience you chump.
No but have you tried squatting?
you are a disgrace to not only this subreddit but the entire **earth** you use the wiimote i hope you are demodded faster than sonic can run
But..but...he invented the internets!
So why did you throw a branch through your ceiling?
"1338h4x wrote: Also ""I'm actually a boy"" and ""I'm actually a girl"" for anyone who likes playing the opposite gender character."
No E-UNI Titans.
Except the KKK also did nothing wrong!
But it's SO much work!
Surely this will affect the polling numbers.
If anything it would allow us to stop fighting each other and destroy the inferior subspecies.
"Yeah, Scarra wasn't an impressive player because I could get the same kda in Bronze."
"Yep that cartoon about covered it, in both scope and depth."
"Hispanics don't worship God, they worship Dios."
Yes Mr Reddit boss.
Loitering.
I know I'm just bein a dick.
"Making sure I get all my Ps are super important to my enjoyment, dude!"
"that shit Mad Max movie, right?"
You can walk with a Kippa on your head elsewhere than in Israel?
"Yeah, that wouldn't be horrendously abused by the NYPD at all."
"Remember, if its not oppressing black people, its not racism."
"You're right, its Zeb masquerading as Womble"
tall and socially awkward people are totes disgusting amirite
"Sorry, I should have used"
"If the machine is held together with less screws, then you did a better engineering job than the people who designed the laptop."
"Yeah, the Turkish military is so well known for their support of civil rights and democracy"
Hornswoggle
Awww but what about FREE SPEECH aren't the people kicking the fascists out basically fascists for opposing fascist?
"I just don't feel oppressed at a job that I voluntarily acquired, am paid according to a contract, and can leave at anytime... But I guess I have to overthrow and murder my boss anyway"
"He smoked weed and had a government job, of course he was socialist"
Who?
"Yeah, who gives a shit about a QB that was on the Ravens and did well in preseason in a subreddit dedicated to the Ravens?"
"But dont you remember, Donbass feeds all of Ukraine!"
"But remember, Crawford sucks and Raanta should be starting"
That explains it.
"I hope he will get buff or rework, he is nerfed like irelia in lol"
James Young and #16?
"yeah, no other teams sets screens like that!"
"Oh yes, clearly it's a Jewish conspiracy to keep water from Jordan!"
I didn't know people celebrated marriages and funerals at the same time
They will finally reveal that bellamy is sanji's brother
Well maybe if he didn't smoke he'd have 24 gold medals instead of 23
But can you cook?
U WOT M8 I LUV SHINOBI FROG DONT U DARE ITS BEEN MY FAV FOR LIKE 10 YRS 1V1 ME ON SMASH SCRUB
Well I don't think she is funny so now there is a controversy and all her videos need to be taken down.
OBAMA!
Transformers 3?
Then it must be true!
That's because you're an idiot.
What a crappy mirror...
"Yes, I'm sure they're shitting themselves."
"Yes, Ambrose, Rollins and Reigns sell much less merch now that the shield is broke up."
"As an atheist, that song offends me because it mentions Jesus and prayer."
"Well, yeah, it's not rape if it's consensual."
He told a crippled man to stand up and laughed right in his face when he couldn't
Somehow I feel as though springing it on him in the middle of sex with no prior communication is the best way to go
Extremely.
2ly jump range and like 4000 cargo space!
Our leaders tell us they are our enemy...
Like Kenny Hill
When does the bootlooping start?
"Hey now, we never hear his name pronounced so maybe it's actually ""Jiffca""."
"Psh, i have a 3 million dollar zimbabwe note that begs to differ!"
#TRIGGERED Sounds like you need some sensitivity training!
I think you dropped this:
Obviously this card should give you three spare parts when it attacks.
Dive for that Weddle.....
"But, we need to link it to the mass shooting in Oregon!"
I think obvious sarcasm shouldnt require a
"Ahh, like Bowser's Fire!"
And I'm sure they immediately found some way to use it to oppress the Palestinians.
racism only works one way
"oh come on, why not ask that he massacre a roomful of children?"
"yeah, such a down to earth fan, comparing their football squad to the baroque art movement."
"Yeah, just like playing GTA is asking to be violently killed."
"Nah bro, 4s of lag was fun"
oh I see so it'd be a better look for future if his collab album with a more popular artist sold *less*
zaboravio si
"i mean, i know i do"
"Yeah, but only 70% of zero....fuckers...."
its probably because we keep teaching boys not to rape now.
"yup, the parties are monolithic and static."
Except for the fans bitching about not drafting MCW instead.
"Chara, sit down.. I'am"
"But ya know, God had a plan for the little ones, and though that little girl's brains are all over the carpet, I despair not, for I know it is in God's Plan, and I should Trust in Him."
"I'll shoot myself if they don't announce a genderless OE, legacy or not"
"Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, Ben-Laden, Boko Haram, ils ont tous grandi en banlieue"
"I guess the thought process is, with friends like these, who needs enemies"
Yu-gi-oh-no-you-didn't just make fun of that dude's virginity!
"""Brave snake saves drowning fish"""
Sorry....I dropped this:
Forget impure women I'm violently opposed to unfree pornography.
Well she goes to auburn so she probs does moo now
But think about the rich stealing culture Slovakia could lose!
Getting ready to go to Canada as we speak.
If he was Black then yes If he was white then he was 'just confused'
Both sides!
"It has no Anti-Mass Spectrometer, so nope, it's not it"
Pretty easy to survive something that never happened
Respawn now for 25 credits!
Everytime
But the Sabres didn't get Babcock
In for a penny in for a pound is what I like to go by!
cause apparently if you had read between the lines like the rest of us it's obvious
2nd Amendment freedom isn't free.
"Don't be silly, men have all of the power because of patriarchy so don't have anything to fear unlike women"
The fact that it will get stuck to the windshield.
"Ah, yes, the horror of being able to do things with my property that I would like to do."
"Yeah, that's worth burning someone alive over."
right: to hell with the corrupt politicians paid by the corrupt plutocrats let's just embrace the actual corrupt plutocrats
545k sold 5.45M pirated
We have the best healthcare system in the world!
yeah we should publicly execute ppl who try to scam pixels
"So easy I did it a few times, just to make sure it wasn't a fluke."
But... but the Fed says we've not had much inflation at all!
Obama is finally going to prison for his crimes of being a socialist Muslim from Nigeria!
Mmm gas station food
"Yes, all teenagers lack any wisdom whatsoever."
"Pff, noob, I bring my cello."
Clearly one of them was adopted!
Riot should stop trying to fuck over gambit
"Yea no worries, we'll keep the undesirables out of your holy land of Ranch."
Are we sure he isn't a senator.
I don't care about my teammates.
"Oh yeah, because I just spoiled the entire show for you."
Oh no... what will we ever do....
Will someone please think about the other guy who is stuck sitting on his ass with nothing to do!
With your complementary metric system
Ask if they dropped this:
Cause only islamists censor nudity.
can we PLEASE get a video of faker's dick
Oooooh looks like I can get my partial Shola boner back as we return to the beloved target man football.
That Stars/ Wings game where there was something like 15 goals scored.
Too soon
The first thing I did when he was elected was stop buying things just to prove a point
100000% real
"""Get on the plane and go home,"" maybe?"
"It's the Patriarchy's final insult- be dominate, portray The Man as bumbling idiots, implying all those oppressed are even bigger morons."
"I like to scream profanities at my parents when I get in trouble, it tends to astonish and confuse them as well as taking away any parental powers they have by tricking them into thinking you're on the same level."
Because target is superior duh
TIL referenda always lead to the right decision!
PC peasants don't clean the floor but glorious console master race are very esthetic
He's totally gonna kick Superman's ass with his kryptonite ring!
like the entire show amirite
because pillars are for rich people and rich people are dumb
So youre telling me that the number 1 team in the world is Australian?
I heard Steve Nash was free!
"Nah man, it's total ""savagery"""
"didnt you know this is reddit, everybody's hobby is cooking michelin grade meals from raw grains"
I bet low crime too!
Because Sarah Palin knows all about winning.
I never scream OP when Grommash charges my face for 10-12 damage.
Didn't stop Obama.
"best answer, much secure"
"Ahhh, I bet it's just decorative, right?"
Harry hater is the viral sensation the world deserves.
Needs more CircleJerk
$220... yeah that'll teach him
Because we all get Free boats from Obama.. and who does not want a free boat.
You have clearly never heard of the Toyota Estima Lucida G Luxury Joyful Canopy
El Chapo
"But he said mean things about Nazis, so he must be an anti-white puppet of the jews!"
Yeah girls with jobs are wrong af true fam?
Doesn't the wood melt?
Yes the relationship between mother and child is truly revolting.
I guess new players would get confused by it.
"Looks like a start of a Ice Age, your doomed."
**Freud**.
"Mmmkay, way to once again say things that are relevant to the conversation"
Yeah I forgot how injured those Spurs/Lakers teams were
Arm the firefighters!
The thought crossed my mind.
There are two perfectly good roads not being used!
He was hanging out with Applewhite alot...
"Wow, what an original name"
"Right, cupolas never hold up!"
Yeah the founders of this country were fucking idiots.
That's super ethical.
Yeah there really should be one of those
But my weight doesn't affect you!
Game literally unplayable now.
"Yeah, going Yoda and saying ""Of the tenth month the nineteenth day in 2011"" is clearly the best way to go."
"Yes, because as a large-breasted woman, I am completely unaware that I have big boobs."
And cousin fucking
Just stop speaking English if you're not white - it's cultural appropriation.
Like ... *seal* clubbing?
Only if he have John Cena's body and Brad Pitt's face (from Fight C**b).
Teen charged with assault on an officer and resisting arrest.
pedophelia duh.
He's not as good as John from new York.
I'm so glad they decided to bring back the multiverse.
Downvote this man for not knowing pop culture terms that trivialize research and conspiracy!
What an original post
Because it would be morally wrong to post them if you didn't learn them today!
Those military folk - 'takers' too...
No its okay those are only harmless firecrackers
"Well, in that case, let's throw democracy out the window and use something else."
ya screw the idea of it taking skill
"I don't understand, I sell all my items to them!"
Screams hey Hot chicks This is where the Manly Men Live
"If you don't hang out with any guys at all, you're a FILTHY WHORESLUTCUNT!"
I'm sure his sentencing would have been just as light as hers.
Yeah it's not like the Government lies to us about not spying or anything?
steel cased ammo is made for mag dumps cuz you cant reload it and then you dont have to walk around and pick it up
but he was LE pre-patch :///
You mean fraud will go through the roof!
Yay... San Antonio...
"Well gee whiz, child, I hope more notable people *die* so you can feel more excited"
"I was already convinced of my own superiority, but thanks."
You'll need a Konami ID
Obviously played on consoles
"Naw, reddit comments are way better."
"Yeah, let me just queue up in the line while zombies run around"
Probably just an excuse to get surveillance on the guy with a secret body cam
All the ones that missed didn't register that's so unlike the m16
"I thought Catholics didn't mind porn, you know as long as they didn't use condoms or other forms of birth control."
Ahhhhhh if only we had a number one center all year
"No he's clearly a mass murderer, he probably has bodies hidden under his bed."
"*not in this thread it's not... I got yelled at for using broad generalizations with the phrase ""most people"", so you're not allowed to round up...*"
I don't know how a show about a serial killing cannibal would have desensitized you to scenes of cannibalism.
Is it hard to Quickscope while walking at an incline?
"Hey man, Team Liquid was purposely throwing games to make Piglet look bad so Piglet wouldn't get team offers"
Make a bunch of Alta to upvote your submissions.
Premium meme.
Yeah because this was totally luck based
Not Goddamned fast enough.....
trade your selena for merit points to get a legend stone
He's probably pissed about no new macbook pros.
The vast majority of these downvotes no doubt coming from Chelsea fans who follow their team home and away every week
im glad to see you added the dreamcast and its 4 games at the beginning there.
Its a 1 in 2.5 million miracle by God!
Well that sounds like healthy way to cope
But... the consumer always has the option of going to a different service provider and any attempt to put restrictions on agreements between private parties is literally slavery.
"They dropped the lower half of the ""X"", obviously"
It's the police tapping your line!
Intel
FTFY
Wow simply amazing
"This is great and all, but we should move onto topics that really matter like when SRS is getting banned."
Carne de pato no doubt
Is Mercedes gonna participate?
"Wait for the pre-patch, it will be easier to get it after."
cheaters.
Wait what's going on?
Then you are doing it wrong.
I'm sure someone will be prosecuted for this.
I'm glad you took the time to correct him
RBI and Runs Scored
"Establishment is the democrats who want to raise taxes on these business heroes to help the unworthy, like black single mothers."
Yeah you sound like a real fun person to hang out with.
"Well yeah, because the people of India are not poor!"
"Are you kidding me, the only Nazis left are trump supporters"
Because you could totally do that to every player you play with without running out of reports
You really rekt those Japanese didn't ya!
But shovel ready jobs!
"Estus chug speed is balanced, because you're supposed to be using the Estoc at all times and its running R1 is actually capable of interrupting chugs."
Michael Sam
Yes and all Germans voted for Hitler knowing he will become a dictator who will start WW2 and kill jews
Ravana's ultimate.
As a hetero white male #STOP OPPRESSING ME.
"Nah, they just really think that certain candidate is a stand up person and they believe in their political vision"
Because before Hamas there was peace between Israel and Palestine
"whew, bet getting that off your chest is a load off your mind."
IKR let's vote for both of them because they are so good to our city!
But I thought Neil Armstrong heard the azan on the Moon?
"Google is ""fighting"" real hard"
WELL WORK HARDER!
Obligatory gun nut vs anti gun comment
[](/rdwut) Your typical black person in the United States is white.
Lol totes legit
"Yeah man, the world would probably be better without any of em!"
I loooove being canadian and their amazing video games prices.
"it's just as reasonable as the push in the opposite direction, for only the government to have guns.. because apparently America is never going to turn into a police state out of virtue of 'Murrica."
"Obligatory ""Jesus had two dads and he turned out alright"""
Shouldn't you be apologizing to everyone in the league rather than posting here?
Dont forget the drinking of 2 gallons of recovery water every day
Yeah they sure are catering to the competitive crowd with this one.
Especially ones written by the idiots on this sub
Just British colonies right?
Maybe it could be used as a volume control and allows to hide the huge iOS volume indicator.
Let me know when you've found that biologically flawless human you've been seeking.
"Yes, and there's no chance that anyone could get their hands on that what with the phone never being connected to the internet and the NSA not having backdoors on many encryption algorithms."
"Lmfao, I bet the US would kick out all their diplomats."
"Yes, because what's basically a form of state fasting is totally the same as thinking abortion is murder."
Childbirth obviously
Delete this right now!
I think it's that unit you're fighting...
You got something against Dre and Snoop?
Bernie Sanders?
"been getting all 4 kills for like 8 games in a row vs high ranks, killers not op at all"
FTFY
Preferably with a syringe so you can still pin the oil later
They identify as straight men.
Batman
"Well, maybe not just a nice collarbone, but a nice neck too..."
In all fairness it would aerate the soil.
"There go the homos again, ruining two good christian heterosexual marriages."
Like from Terraria?
But Vallejo is such a lovely waterfront town!
"Hey now, there's no link between morbid obesity and health!"
ephixa
Must be from that series of Cocaine quality analysis studies US customs did
"Yes, it is important to credit/discredit news based upon the publication."
You mean Fred durst?
im so sick of laptops coming with installed bloatware
6k
Ya it really sucks out of all the places they could have rented they chose that one
Good thing they had strict gun control laws so the terrorists couldn't get a hold of them
that's ambitious
What about that mister bean episode?
Wolf is coming to Smash 4 Switch confirmed
Sir how can you even bother criticizing GAMEPLAY when you CLEARLY aren't able to play stuff like this even in the slightest?
"We can't be the worst team, damn you 49ers and Browns..."
How else is my apartment building in BH going to keep fresh green grass that's cut every few days?
Trying to find that one Russian that's makes all viruses?
I would pay more for a version without brawl
yes and s1mple doesn't deserve anything bc he is savior of NA
"You don't need to post how to do it for people to end up knowing how, most of the people on reddit already know how to do it, don't need to tell them it works on more than barricades, and since it's the exact same thing, for sure Ubi knows, but I'd understand you if these internet points are more important for you."
omg iR is soooooo useless its like soooo 90s my TV doesnt have a iR blaster it uses wifi to turn on and off so that basically means its useless for everyone and google shouldnt include it
"Yeah, it probably cost a ton to rent that cliff for the day."
"You'd need a 16 segment display to do that, imagine how easy that would be to read"
"but baseball is boring, nothing ever happens"
Sure... Just heard of them.... For safety
So are the 90 people that didn't tell the truth and aren't lying the people who never bothered to send an appeal to Valve because they heard about how bad their support was?
But the gold plated one is sooo much *warmer*!
But but but performing femininity is so empowering!
"Pssh, please... everyone here on reddit knows only the people responsible for skins work on the servers as well, that's why they're so shitty."
"o-o Dev Team lied, abandon ship!"
I divorced my wife and married my lawnmower because of gay marriage
"y'all, do you think Liz has an edge ahead of the other HG's because of her slip &amp; fall in the bathroom?"
What about the perfect life and boyfriend that she deserves?
Yeah all those vegan almonds
Because the ME has never responded well to strongman politics before
It's all about that functional strength and safety!
"Koreans praising the foreign team with the most koreans on it, what a surprise"
And we are going to love it!
Totally
"Well I sure hope when it's the ninth inning and there's a ground ball that he doesn't double clutch and lose out on the double play opportunity, allowing the AL to inevitably win the game."
I mean if you have to play vs a Zerg :)
"There are more quality posts, since I post more often than before"
A 100 Tanker long train.
but that puts me in an uncomfortable zone
Well that's not a thinly veiled fetish request....
Yeah these kids from the new generation are so dumb!
How can a non-profit organization possibly do that?
"Of course, who doesn't?"
"Yeah, cause it was all Shaq, carrying Dwyane Wade and leading the Heat back from 2-0 down to win."
Because the Colts tried soooo hard that game
"Great, the one position white people had a lock on is in jeopardy now"
You mean his rapey fantasies that were forced upon you against your will don't turn you on?
I hope this is
"But, the police are like fascists man!"
"I don't know if it could defeat THE alan scott, maybe just an alan scott :P"
Sounds like we've made a lot of progress since then.
ITT 2 players on the 90s bulls not named mj....but lebron had better teammates
Yeah if you failed once why bother to try again?
Your white male privilege is showing.
You can't just compliment a female athlete on her looks you jerk!
hmm ban hammer.
"Right, because it's normal for the 318.9 million people in the US to do this."
"Meanwhile, I've been begging for The Witcher deathmatch for years now"
"Yeah, she is really ugly."
"What, not that single episode of Angel?"
The future of NY is in good hands.....
"Clearly if you didn't feel cold vicariously through her, you didn't love her enough."
cuz thinness is priority.
"Sorry, I forgot the"
"This is r/politics....the EPA is good, and the government is not the problem the corporations are the problem..."
They would never have such terrible dungeon design that you could get killed the instant you enter.
We've got it so rough
Sounds legit.
Sarcasm can't possibly be expressed through text.
Yeah; that looks _just like_ Species.
Its really just to make sure other girls can see your already taken.
"I'm not a hipster, I just heard it before it was cool, that's all"
"Yeah, you're right, wonder why he didn't think to do that"
"it's a trilby, okay, fedoras are sooo 2013... :@"
but they are there so that means i have to buy them or im not getting the full experience
Of course the taliban would *never* harm children.
"yes antis, people care about her having sex and not the whole nazi part"
Yes and YOU HAVE TO PICK ONE
You forgot the
"but she has a vagina, so she's got that going for her..."
War on drugs being effective.
"great idea, that ensures that pools will drop doge auxpow because it makes more work to set up and manage than it gives profit, causing the nethash to drop to new depth"
Yeah everyone wants to smell ass.
I hate it when movies waste time giving characters personalities when there are buildings to smash.
"Not Jews, so who cares?"
"nice, this is a sign the negotiaions are nearly complete"
"But Kai wears a racing suit some times, and really nice shirts other times, that must make up for something"
His acting career provided him with absolutely no help or useful contacts at all
because they have no money
"Wow it must be hard to have ""so much"" people looking down on you."
They're exactly the same!
"Yeah he sucks, never mind the fact that he's consistently able to beat 98% of the players in the world and be an even match for players like SexsiRexsi, SamDaDude, Bennna, Halfghost, etc."
Yes because big muscles can *never* lift heavy weights.
One rich man's ass-wiping money is another poor man's treasure...
No riot is shit the company sucks ass now give moar skins so i can still waste my mom's money on it ty
And then the pigeons will evolve into humans
"Yes, the obvious logical thing to do is go in guns blazing."
Sounds like a great way to lower unemployment
"Yeah, others must be so jealous of him."
Yeah because a small poorly armed guerilla force has never beaten the mighty us military.
You can play your own Sandhowler into Third Wish
But it has gold wheels
"Great another immigrant comic, haven't seen enough of those."
"Well, since the comments don't mention lifting, AWALT or solipsism, they're clearly written by evil feeeeemales."
nice glasses
"Oh, I think you dropped this"
"Yes, because it's that other company that keeps letting our iCloud data get breached."
Banelings are all you need.
Poe's law Use
But its automatically better than D3 because Blizzard is only in it for the money!
Then the Lord meant it to be.
"Yes, this photo clearly shows that she didn't look at her husband once during the whole ceremony."
The first thing I'm doing when an epidemic occurs is heading straight to the hospital.....
Is it still Maliki's fault at this point?
"Yes, let's add things that will delay the release even more!"
"Near constant rampages by armed, angry gun owners is just the price we have to pay so we don't have to live in fear!"
"Hell, we cant even apply sedition charges against him."
The year I was born was the year everything went downhill.
"Wow, the one on the top looks so cinematic and immersive."
brb setting my region to asia
"of course if there is no badge, then it can ONLY mean he is enemy, and he MUST be killed..."
"Yeah, Egyptians were known for their inability to do complex math or planning."
Oh fuck you and your logic.
If only u add
Just like Mike Brown!
"He works two full time jobs though, he can't be broke, just free......"
And supply side economics works 100% of the time.
But that means that your ying did more because it is 90k damage total but the enemy ying only did 80k
How about a mode where death timers are shortened and turrets are buffed
But they have one of the best defences in the league!
###i'm not fuckin smart ok
That's sexist
Oh I guess our system is broken and Justin Trudeau should've never been elected because he wasn't voted in by a majority.
I guess I shouldn't mention that eugenics article then.
"Yeah, the pro slavery parts are my favorite."
"Naw man that's a stupid name, who would ever name something like that?"
"Some people just seem to have certain genes that predispose them to violent behaviors, It's Not racist to say that those people are black."
"Not shitty enough, dickhead."
"What, and that's supposed to be more important than my CS GO GIFs not working?"
"but u kno, that doesn't mean anything because cultural marxist sjew indoctrination or w/e"
I think you missed a
Tell your bank or landlord better luck next month and spend mortgage/rent on a can.
Bigg boss so Indian.
"*To I mean, a tattoo artist can't be wrong."
Sounds like the kind of nonsense a filthy space magic warlock would spout !
I deleted mine 3 yrs ago But come on now....fb has just yesterday announced that they will put in ways to help prevent fake news........
Like marijuana and gay marriage.
Well if he isn't allowed to shit on people how can he feel better about himself?
It's harder to hear in India due to population density.
"Don't right click as Zarya, dude!"
That must be why everyone who wears makeup has terrible skin.
ITS HIS $19.99 A MONTH
Just a small little blip on Germany's stellar march towards a glorious multicultural future
Because he's going to make America great again!
I'm sure that would never happen.
"Nah I can't be fucked aye, way better to generalise billions of people at once and not look into the details"
That's taken out of context.
Yeah the lux with strength of the ages man totally OP
Great logic there
"Oh boy, I can't wait till kickoff!"
But then you would have to stop because of the Sabbath...
"I see you are the asshole who wants to get home 0.3 seconds before I do... fuck you, you're not merging"
What makes you think you're qualified to know what is or isn't a great way to deal with bullying.
DDD trying to take our top tier privilege combos
Lol four years is too far away for me to even think about.....
"Yes, because every person and every relationship is perfect so you should never have a reason to complain about them."
"murder, jaywalking, these are both crimes and should be punished the same!"
5/5 duh
"It's not, probably should have put"
"Don't worry, the media will take them to task!"
How could a first round draft pick possibly be expected to cover good receivers?
That's why CO2 tanks best equipment
She owns an ATM?
TIL losing weight and get in better shape are complete opposites
"And sewn on dildos totally have the ability to aid reproduction, feel stimulated during sex and everything else a natural penis can"
They sound like they are very cool people with a great attitude.
like operating the manual clutch
We need more gun control to protect our police officers.
Totally safe for work.
Excuse me as a victim of gun violence I find your use of the word trigger triggering to me
"Too bad, here I was hoping you'd further decreased the FOV, it was way too big in HM2!"
and then Miles Morales will be Spider-Man in the solo films!
"Thanks for that, really."
Isn't family wonderful?
Learn their languages or you're a racist
But that would be too hard
"Wow, good luck telling that one to a priest."
Her mistake was that she wasn't part of a 'herd' .
It was a battery made from Samsung suppliers
Olly...?
FAT AND FIRING AN ASSAULT RIFLE AT YOUR CHILDREN
"No, a white power tie would be green, the color of Pepe."
Well hey now let's evaluate the picture first and then make a decision.
"Yeh talking heads, it's hilarious, people getting attacked and all, funny stuff"
It's spouting things like that that gets a guy shadow banned.
"All the ships landed on just one rock, small enough for someone to steal, makes sense."
The FBI is probably just collecting this to cover their tracks
"Its just a shame that she and the kids weren't carrying their own guns, cos they could have shot their Dad as soon as he started freaking out, and completely solved that problem."
you say that like his skin color and hair aren't enough....
It is his large reflect hitbox.
"You doubt me, I doubt you, it's almost like neither of us have all the facts."
"Brand new account, must be advertising for Earl's and Cactus Club."
"If you paint your hand to look like a foot, does it really act like a foot though?"
You know damn well that this shot could only me made by master archer Lars Anderson!
What do you mean you don't benefit from trading the blood of foreigners for cheap oil at home?
So much fun!
But... Where else are we gonna put that pipeline Europe needs so badly (so foreign special interests can undercut Russian fuel prices)
But tha scary mooslims are the real problem
"No but you don't understand, all the ""x"", means all the ""x"" in the world, not all of the ""x"" needed or received..."
why don't I ever end my sarcastic comments with
i know it so great now instead of 1 from an energy refresh i can get a whopping 2 from the gear challenge
Meeeeeeeeeee
"Yes, because she will totally gain the attention of the art world by being a slightly cheaper version of Photoshop."
"The Nazi flag just honors the brave soldiers of the third Reich, not Nazism."
Looks like you turned out just fine too!
"Yay, deceiving people on dating sites!"
"Yea, but what if you want to live in the gaelteach in Dingle?"
BEST ADVICE NA
"Considering the Vatican is funding churches so their priests of choice can radicalize young Catholics, yeah, it's clearly discrimination."
OBVIOUSLY WE JUST TEACH CHILDREN NOT TO MAKE FUN OF FAT KIDS DUH PROBLEM SOLVED
But ... timegates dont exist ..... Big
They're *sensual*
"But, but ""facts independently verified"""
"You're right, all girls should only wear turtlenecks so guys don't get distracted, because we know guys have no self control and can't focus on anything else but boobs right?"
"They can't help it, it's their culture!"
"Our starters in the series: 21.0 IP, 15 H, 3 ER, 2 BB, 30 K It's a real shame the Braves won't be able to keep pace with the Nats with this piecemeal rotation."
No doubt this carefully thought out and heavily researched medical coercion has failed due to patriarchy.
You forgot this
"Yeah, if the contract says you must do illegal things they can totally sue you for not doing those illegal things..."
20 hour news channels would actually have news
But the autism!
"Shhhhh... Unless her name is ""David Boudia"" we don't care about her."
All I need are upvotes and I can ride my bike thousands of miles
almost makes you want to vote again next time right?
you missed the
I am actually pretty sure they are implying that female nurses would do a better job than the hot male nurses who love to sleep with old ladies at other nursing homes.
And RLCS is just fun skirmishes with a $50 prize
Put on a damn coat.
"Shit they will just blab on about the mysogeny of the law not allowing them to murder men, they are being oppressed after all"
Xbox 360
"Yeah, after all they wouldn't default a meme subreddit."
this is why we need #meninism
"You forgot that every person who owns guns and commits a crime is absolutely intent on using them on police, rather than protecting themselves from the increased risk of their illegal activities."
"""Curious"" huh."
"Because, like, it's not, uh, eco-friendly, dude..."
Fucking liberal
yeah but what have they done recently?
"No it is fucking terrible and spam, how fucking dare developers reach out to a smaller community about a game that works on their platform"
"PROVE IT, Internet random!"
it's Friday night in September in Texas... i bet nobody can guess where I'll be tonight?
"But OP, if they are passing you on the right lane, and then you move into the right lane, how are they gonna pass you?"
tmyk
thats sandbox mode and people will be toxic
Competition
Sweet Che Guevara shirt.
poor poor Lucasarts
"I heard Firebat cheated on Amaz, and that's why he was fired..... Amaz even threw all of his clothes on the lawn."
The different ethnic groups in Iraq have gotten along very well....
Did you ask NARDO if it was OK to take a picture of his car?
Wanna add blonde hair to that as well?
totally employable
But they are totes lesbian and are not harming real lesbians in the slightest by erasing their identity and history.
Still waiting for Di Marzio to confirm it.
"I think that ""i can all nit fuck u bbe"" is possibly the most romantic thing I've ever read."
"Fucking thanks for helping us in the playoff race, Saints!"
But dae nvidia shills say 2 GB is plenty
Duistere prins*
The author of this article is clearly in the pocket of both Monsanto and big Pharma.
And screw those who only recently came back to the game!
Nah man it's only fun when you're actively crashing the truck into things
We need another Stalin: he knew how to deal with dissenters...
Like you never wanted to shoot somebody out on the road.
"using 'main' triggers 75% of this subreddit, not even"
"No, climate change isn't real."
"Yeah, dont worry about the enemies you're looking at The charm is the real reason we can ads"
Oh so pedo's are complaining about gay people what a shock.
"Looks like someone left a lens cap on, rookie mistake."
Keep issuing fatwas and soon they won't mean very much.
"Yeah, you sure are making a great point..."
"So it's cool for us to throw around ""Nazis"" like crazy after 68 years, but after a few centuries it's still not cool to say the 'n-word'?"
That's a great team you picked there
It's cool Holtby and Emery are friends
He's a pretty crappy web designer... none of the links work!
"But Toews is the best overall player in the league, better than Crosby!"
"But lets try again, maybe this time will work."
But we need women on a currency otherwise we are being sexist
"He's not fat, it's just a bad angle."
...could happen!
It's silent like a UFO too.
Good Teammates
women amirite
Good thing us fugly men are not being show as sex objexts Sucks be be a male model.
"Hmm i have windows os, im definately using the mac client"
Forgot the
"All men sometimes need a swift kick in the dick to shut them up sometimes, amirite?"
"I know, shimmering almost invisible blobs give me the same amount of information that bright,blue, highly detailed unit outlines do."
They are planning to nerf her.
I hear he rear ends the destiny servers harder than his boyfriend
"Let's use foul language against devs who release free patches and content regularly to a 10$ game, that will get our point across."
"Well when I was 16 I had sex with a married woman, also when I was 16 I broke into an abandoned movie theater and stole a bunch of stuff....I was super cool"
You mean the mess *Obama* created.
[Just your faction leaders.]
"Yeah, we just can't give credit for anything to someone who is successful."
But I thought the team was called Bales
how totally unexpected
B-but 2000s F1 was sooooo boring.
Oh that is my favorite part of the fifth book!
Turns out old Ronny was an Anarchist
Male Being privileged is *really* tough
Every game they lost was a throw because you lost skins
Right wing conspiracy.
I was just saying this to someone the other day!
Because the man who we know as last getting his eye mauled out by a bird acting in a drunken state in a well-lit video where he is slapped for said stupor by a well-known actress is *definitely* not comedy!
"No, he's just telling it like it is!"
"Nah man, its was up 3.5% solely because of OP."
*whoosh*
Show him kobe highlights off of youtube And say you can have a front row seat to this every night
Maybe he will scratch Hank?
"2011-1776=?,000"
But then he has to take that 6 pack back to the store so they can remove the black case with their special device...
How do they know Chaser wasn't just reading the labels written on the items?
Top tier photoshop job
"Yeah, jews like George Perkins and William Thomson."
dat ass tho
But it's all there in the bible.
Yeah because its not like everyone said this was going to happen or anything...
BTC dies for the 98th time confirmed
"Yes, and having him lose in the main event of your b show to a guy who is going to lose to both HHH and Lesnar in the span of a month is really going to help out with how 'prestigious' the IC belt is"
99 out 100 vac bans are false positives.
"look, the women are at the second stretch goal, that is unfair to women"
Yeah don't want to spoil a 8-9yr old book series with information that is peppered all over the diablo wikis and elsewhere.
What about the full black tint bike helmet from the [Dumb jewelry heist]
"MacIver Institute, there's a fair and balanced source."
Capitalist will make anything these days to make money off the proletariat.
Those Monster HDMI Cable alone should be worth $100+
Five ofc
They are both white though didn't count
"Yeah, screw those casuals with lives."
Maybe with legal weed that wouldn't happen!
Moon in dlc 5 confirmed.
what if kulyuk has hot
"I'm guessing ""actual rates up"" or ""this is a great second year anniversary"""
You should have just given her backrubs every night.
Banks and Churches... the best organizations!
"ofcourse, i am always the best player on my team"
Good thing Congress won't act on him!
"There's No Way My Japanese Vita Games Can Have Names With Less Than Fifteen Words, is a much better game than these OTHER vita games"
He was such a memorable player!
I guess everyone on the planet with a cell phone is a political tracker.
quick everyone downvote him for asking a question!
Yeah bro he's only at 70%
Maybe...they're the racist ones?
THIS is why we won't be having girls in bars anymore in Mumbai..
but don't you realize that asking for scientific evidence to support his baseless and sexist claims just means you're an emotional FEEEEMAAAALE who can't understand logic?
I see you have tried WTFast.
[I felt bad when I won Whiterun as a Stormcloak; Jarl Balgruuf The Greater really makes you feel bad when you best him. ]
To be honest I'm not even sure you should put Carlton on that list...
"Yeah, that makes the whole thing much more realistic."
"I agree, we should do the same with healthcare while we're at it"
Sounds worth it
If I did I would be fucking screaming that I had it in a train full of strangers...
"Bullshit, if you drove an S2K you would've mentioned it in the original post."
I think you forgot the
"But then it changes into a super complex, delicious, well crafted barleywine!"
"Oh, why didn't I think of that"
"Ahh yes, because everyone just *knew* this was the *one* game that definitely wouldn't downgrade from its reveal trailer."
Whoa whoooaaa now who ever said anything about this game being having a shared universe between players.
Can I interest you in a submissive relationship m'lady
"What, you mean our first 3 wins over MAC teams doesn't show that?"
Just ban 1/5 of the women!
You have to mildly poison the kids so you have a market for your ADHD drugs later.
It's like Clinton is a special interest to the rest of the dnc establishment....but no one should expect that the dnc establiment would be swayed by Hilary's funding channels.
literally the worst
"Yeah, no one has ever made any personal changes to a BMW."
That's a weird emoticon.
You're so wise and brave
Because bug fixes are easy to fix and dont take long at all.
No she cant she always on her period always
That draw on the alternator tho.
"Yes, this year is truly a breath of fresh air!"
Just like heimer turrets!
But the rectangle is actually a C so it's clever
What comes around goes around applies to terrorism too!
"Yeah, it's all pretty much the same."
obviously you are wary of Jessica Williams because she is a woman and you are a misogynist.
"Yeah, during these 8 months of being dragged along I'm gonna notice that I was wrong all along"
Do coaches have access to a mic or do they have to use the in-game speach commands?
Bullshit its got a kvlt album art!
Because people in private schools aren't complete fucking derros like the rest of the country
but u r blind n Kant c ur map/compass
"Like those people are probably dead by now bro, super creeeepay"
Thanks for the constructive advice bud
Is he dead?
"Yes, because mature adults never ever lose any of their possessions."
"no, it's a beast"
"Because our right to an opinion is limited to our firsthand experience, right?"
"Just like we should make a separate subreddit for namalsk, panthera, etc because they're not vanilla dayz."
"A string and breadcrumbs, obviously."
Well your obviously lying.
I can't believe we're actually saying that now.
Men can't be raped because they always want sex.
Swinger alert!
"Wow, you have really put a lot of effort into this"
I'm sure the 10 people standing around who didn't see anything are very reliable witnesses to the theft.
"This is America , so what's a little torture?"
"Yeah, fuck Easter the most bullshit holiday ever, and it always happens to fall on a Sunday."
"Thanks prohibition, you've done it again!"
C is for China.
Tell your dad to stop planting bombs
"Maybe we should just draft women to get pregnant, to make more soldiers."
but i've never seen it before.
"Don't you know, if business needs high upload speed they'd already be paying for Fibre."
He just has really good headphones
check your cis privilege
"your aim just sucks, you shot through his balaclava, aim for his chest instead where is head is located."
"Right, because when the government gets involved with anything, the outcome is good, because we have a trustworthy government."
"Yeah, it really sucks when you get more than 30 frames in an action game."
well maybe if u just accepted jesus already you would stop lying
"REAL HELPFUL, THANKS OBAMA!"
"Oh good, I thought it was only me......."
IT'S
"Yes, I too hope all groups look exactly the same in the future."
"Yes, $100 B worth of bombs raining down on civilians is *nothing*."
He contributed to child poverty and inequality!
Way to assume the gender of a rock.
Blatant generalizations always help people understand the issue.
France?
"Expecting someone to understand sarcasm through text makes you the dick, dick."
oi r00d I'm trying to run a 500 here get outta my face
That's because the system is rigged against him and the Establishment hates him and people in the south are clearly low information voters who don't know what's good for them.
Normal-type moves can't be super effective you casual
You forgot the
"By saying that you're opposing those people's freedom of speech, so in turn you would lose yours as well."
Da dar comunismul e bun pentru ca ei macar construiau ceva nu ca acum si toata lumea avea de munca
Now you know how PoC feel every day.
You dropped an
Damn he draws fast.
"Actually, I am Lars Ulrich and I hate sell outs and modern artists like Lil Wayne."
"Well shit, noseeme, it offends me that an anonymous internet user would say such things without reason or explanation."
If we eliminate entitlements and they buy their own money poverty will disappear!
Would totally risk paralysis for a shot at a ring rat
"Thanks for the missing LS spheres, gimu!"
He had a weapon so the cops were justified
might as well call it FuckUpShima amirite
You must be from Midland
"Hell, lets make everything 1LP."
How dare people try to take their own photographs to remember her special day.
Yeah because when he died he then reincarnated into Bob Saget and that's why he's the one narrating as older Ted...
Having a single core mechanic in common in a FPS OH WOW TOTALLY THE SAME GAME GAIZ
Totally stole this from my role-play
"Sure, because all foster families are loving, caring, and never abusive."
everything is easy in NYC!
"To be fair, if they put 30 rounds in, they had to reload at least 15 times, so that is a bit excessive."
And the CEO is an evil libertarian corporatist
Yea Chad Henne's NFL career really out shined his college days.
IT'S THE DAMN AMERICANS UPVOTING THEIR AVERAGE PLAYERS SCORING AVERAGE GOALS AGAIN
"Yeah, they should spread the talent and release curry at least"
Sounds like a civilized society right there.
Demoknight is a no skill class!
"Doesn't matter who you vote for 'cause there all the same so stay home, don't vote....."
Like and.. uhh... whatever JUST GIVE ME DAMN KARMA
It's Bush's fault.
So you're saying there's a chance
Totally.
I can't wait to responsible for mowing an acre of grass and painting an entire house every few years.
"Great idea, will be fun waiting for 60 players that's within 5 or so levels of my combat"
"Still, those poor people ""avoiding"" taxes."
"Yeah it's below msrp it's an off brand, now if this was a Zotac....."
What more badass than killing someone and getting away with it?
well i'm a private first class in the army SWATs and i serve with the seals and im totez jakkd up yo!
"Because not being able to look up at the incoming Thanatos/Thor/Apollo Ult is a good thing, right?"
I just *love* when they fly low!
Skins
Why not make R* happy and buy a couple of Megalodon Shark cards for a 100 bucks each?
"Yeah, people only think it happened because they are hipsters :)."
But they have pointy elbows.
You're missing a
Estimated time 7:10
Well that settles that!
Yes and Huskarl spam is cheap and doesn't drain your food at all
"I like how ""standing together"" only yields applause when it refers to things that only Bernie fought for..."
"A younger human usually works, they run you about 20 on Craigslist, single use though"
I wonder if they can see Russia from there as well?
Bu- Bu- But then what keeps you from doing bad things?
"Aww, I was hoping that each player would get their own galaxy..."
Hey the kneepads are for the kids who get forced to suck dick in churches
What does Batman have to do with this?
pc or ps4?
"Because misandry doesn't exist, silly!"
Go Adric!
"If it's one of my friends I usually say ""shut the fuck up you filthy heathen"""
"Watch out everyone, this guy knows exactly what he is talking about!"
"already got the downvotes, so its too late for"
"Yea, we all put duck picture on the Internet."
"It's because he's white, isn't it?"
But fuck the middle class right?
"It's not Mack's fault, he said so."
Twitter is now (((everything I dislike))) because I am scared of change.
I think it was missing an
Because you're only worthwhile if men think so!
"lol, its same bro some people do that kind of dance and hence they are called that"
Yeah because that 1 min teleport cooldown wait is so long
"Yeah, its really too bad everyone doesn't stay 13 years old forever."
"Intanto lui un lavoro ce l'ha, tu stai sul divano a commentare."
"Yeah, but new technology didn't exist back then."
Takes a while to recharge those batteries.
No it's a lamp post but designed to look EXACTLY like the other video cameras around the pentagon.
That there are practical effects
"As someone who has been playing videogames for most of his life and has only ever killed three cats and a dozen squirrels, this study is a huge relief."
Its very messy due to the amount of sex he has with the women he's wooed by sending pictures of his dick to them... obvi
Looks like that webpage have CSS injection vulnerability...
So you're saying if I follow this video I'll get thousands of subscribers.
Old English obviously
This post brought to you by Wendy Davis for Governor
"I thought it was hilarious, I guess reddit is full of evil albinoids,"
Ah well I guess none of those guys *really* liked games after all then!
He forgot to add a couple of woah woaaaaaahs and yeah yeahhhhhhhhs
RULE #5 - NO MEMES
I said A player not TWO
"You fucking bloke, it's fucking AFRICAN-AMERICAN, NOT FUCKING BLACK OR WHITE"
"I have a coupon, its now only 19.83 dollars."
"Silly guy, everyone knows Florida's largest industry is retirement."
no costume till final episode of season.
Criticizing him like that just proves that you are a racist
life
So weird!
"Yes because if an extreme is absurd, the entire idea even at reasonable levels must be absurd too!"
Job requirement
The elites would never rig the polls
"You're right, I too would rather pay way more on bus fare than be forced to occasionally glance at an advertisement"
As a Christian folk rock band
Those sound like valid complaints.
"Because vision fired a bullet, right?"
Man americas low low rape rates really testify to that point
260 if you count the ones we dropped in japan
You forgot the
"""That is sick"" Lol where you from mate south east London?"
"Oh yeah, she's a whole 40 pounds overweight so of course she'll be having a heart attack any minute now."
"Haha, yeah.. Totally worth the purchase price!"
hirez is literally trying to remove guardians slowly starting with this event
Webdriver Torso!
Yeah but how many of those were primetime?
A true Just War
You must have been looking at my account.
"Don't lie, they were never interested in Clyne, he's over rated"
"Nope, if this movie is bad all copies of the original Ghostbusters movies will cease working, somehow."
"But they look so cool, and if you have one up on your laptop in the library and one of your classmates walks by - it's sure to freak them out!"
"Yes, how terrible for them to want to continue to exist as a company and for the game to be financially viable."
Im sure there will be calls for US leaders to face war crimes from the MSM
"But...But....basically pro gun, right guys?"
"awesome, Great combo mate its actually practical"
"Yes, girls that don't have sex with you are soo slutty"
"Yeah, just do the 12 steps program."
We need to cut the social programs that help the veterans because I worked hard for my money and the government needs to keep their hands off of it!
Yeah cause poor societal drop-outs are going to be able to identify with absurdly wealthy and whiny Holden Caulfield.
If you don't like r/news then you can just geeet oouttt!
I'm sorry but Morgan Freeman is one of the *good* low informations!
Yeah he was the only one that was trying to attack other people in this huge brawl.
"Manual, what is that"
You mean the *save* button?
but inflation doesn't exist!
Infidel!
Because you can rip off the screen.
Sure can't wait to collect all the mysterio trophies.
Except guys like us who have actually shot guns before and are therefore are experts in all things gun and those who have never fired guns should not be allow to comment on anything related to firearms ever even in their relationship to videogames.
"Delete Facebook, hit the gym and lawyer up"
"But I can't see them anyway, I don't have project scorpio."
But how does that happen man they are all globals
Valentine totally makes the doctrine usable though
"yeah, there's a black president, racism doesn't exist anymore!"
But he wants a Wall that's like Hitler
But... but... it was her turn!
"If that dude was ""stronger"" he wouldn't have PTSD."
Can you even get high with that much percolation?
Metal only survived the 90s because Pantera saved it.
"You are playing one of the strongest early champs, if you lose or don't get fb, it's obviously your team's fault and they should know that they are shit."
TIL: asexual means a person without a penis
"Yeah, right because if there's one thing Sanders' and his supporters don't do its chop up the country into good guys and bad guys."
"Oh yea, *'ama yushrikoon* could perhaps mean something other than their polytheistic beliefs."
Then you're probably an illegal.
he had good drugs though
"Wait, you mean Ramones isn't just a brand?"
"With rogue being the dominant class in the meta, I bet that must happen a lot"
Well that kid's not going to be fucked up or anything...
With the new RNG and the R8 call of duty is a real competitor now.
"Einstein, Gandhi, MLK, and Jesus were all liberals!"
Maybe they will expand on their black hole theory that I found so intriguing.
"Thanks, Trump."
"Because ""real programmers"" manage every single bit of their own memory, with no help from anything, or something like that."
"Yeah, a lot of things on the Internet failed during the 2000s (see DotCom bubble), which is why no one ever tried anything online ever again."
"Because BC won't see any benefits of the pipeline, right?"
But this conversation *actually* happened.
"Because everybody, everywhere can be trained in how to understand pharmaceuticals so they can scrutinize what a company tells them."
Their on back order until they can find a way to tell you you're not gonna get them without pissing off the internet.
No....all the top guilds just do it over and over all day long for fun and excitement.....
i can not wait to hear all the great Ohio State guests they are going to have on today
"Nah, they will be efficiently used as a resource."
honestly at this point.. what difference does it make?
Men can't be raped didn't you know that?
Yeah it definitely helps having 2 natural centers start
To be fair he was still a black man in 2005.
I didn't know Ubercharge was a feature in Revelations
"The parent is not asking you, they are telling you, no need to say please that would be like begging."
Don't you know by now that all men are worthless and that their lives are expendable?
First of all how dare you
Their chant implies that those born out of wedlock and those masturbating don't belong there.
Correction MS paint is the best
"""how can you not be interested with me having sex with my mom!?"""
Ya playing Vi/Naut bot is so fun in the name of memes and karma.
nah dude its an ice cube sample
It's the mature PC thing to do
Seems 'SEC Bias' is cyclical.
Well I watched Titanic as a teen and I'm a lesbian so maybe they're really onto something here.
Woohoo.
Kitch = awesome
wrong sub
Don't cheapen the value of a blow job!
Everyone knows that the upvote and downvotes are for my opinion.
Clearly an unbiased and trustworthy news source.
"Well, don't you have a stick up your ass?"
They should trade love he's trash and always will be
Because no one runs those cards right now.
Down voted for truth.
"Ahh yes, the people who don't want to have kids or cannot take care of them suddenly keeping their kids will be great for society long term."
So you are OK with mediocrity?
U PC BRO?
Halo Follower
We obviously need to worry about how other people are enjoying the event and whether we can hear them or not.
"Weird that... almost as if quite a lot of people support it ... I wonder why it's illegal, doesn't make sense?"
since prominent christian leaders didn't do that already by having 5 or more marriages
I like how you extrapolate that into a direct attack on you and wax into an emotional passive aggressive attack.
At least we'll still have Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.
Obviously the guy requesting the reports has the burden of proving they don't exist
"Bloody hell this meme is raw, cook it again!"
We can't let those third-world country babies take over the world now can we!
"I have to disagree, it would be more like 4.5 people."
Men can't get raped
Because it is cold Smash Bros not Smash Family
They're clearly geraffes
"Yes, that's a very reasonable and objective explanation of the situation, well done."
Nicktron?
Atleast one adren can do something
clearly showcasing the offense powerhouse Ruutu before the deadline
YOU look like you have down syndrome!
Don't be a dick Afty
Pfft I'd rather use Dandemagus on Vargas instead
at least someone is asking the important questions!
It's a conspiracy man
Those dirty muslims.
Awesome dirt cheap prices
Just like how season 6s ending was a masterful work of art that was only misunderstood by a lack of intelligence on our part.
If those cranes had gus this never would have happened.
Must be all those homosexual and transgender drivers in Russia.
but...but.. Kobe...
"no, i really need that warning after clicking a blue link that it's an external website."
Nahh man he took a year off for shits
"Look on the bright side: you have a Dagaz, and that's a win win situation for me."
Shouldnt the side bar picture be of something cool like a double OT winning goal or something?
SEC bias.
I Belive (going out on a limb) that you got banned for team killing
Well you're a man.. fix it already!
"Souvenir: a giant foam finger with ""We're number I"" stenciled in it; the ""I"" being Roman numeral I."
Why are you so fucking dumb?
480 is only half of 960.
Clearly it changes depending on the situation...
duh because we are all awful and the N is never at fault for his or her own actions we are
But his freedoms!
"Muhammed was an oppressed PoC who was SLUT-SHAMED for his attraction to children, Shitlord!"
"That works, because he wins every argument"
"Because if you don't make the players feel important, even though 4 level one wizards are just 4 squishy meat balloons in robes waiting to pop, then you're a bad DM."
"Wow, what a strange coincidence, it happens to be your username"
A t-shirt signed by Canadian mid-1980's rocker Gowan.
Yeah because other economic systems have produced such high quality living standards.
Here's a virtual cookie for you.
In your opinion yes
Guys stop taking shots at TSM.
Uhmm... we're just here for the gamerscore.
Has anyone emailed this article to Omar Bargouti?
"Lying is a Sin, he's not going to do that"
I bet you think upstart is good too
Can I connect this to my xbone?
"Considering how full of intellectuals and deep thinkers the modern rap scene is, I must admit that I'm a bit surprised at how poorly they seem to grasp even the most basic concepts of artistic license"
Go to the Sennheiser factory to try the sennies!
"Lower your libido, start eating like him!"
I bet you also leave Stalin's wiki page full of negative content that hinders his work!
I thought the stuttering would tip people off but I probably should have added an
What's a micron?
wanna hear a good joke womens rights...
Almost positive he forgot the
Original post/10
"Yeah cause as we all know, the person at the drive-thru comes up with the company's core beliefs and values."
"Oh, I see, you make a very convincing argument"
You forgot
Ab tak Chappan
Nice to see the will of the people is being carried out by their respective leaders.
But he did something bad so he deserves rape!
"Like, totally"
Seals can't be happy if they're too busy being clubbed :D
Kill all who disagree!
And again Freakazoid having no impact at all.
Thanks
Teams like FDL and Void Boys are constantly under his shadow so they can't break out and play to their fullest potential
"yes, because many people would tell a foreign speaker to use words like homonym and contraction when communicating with people over the internet"
what a shame that we must miss out of her literary master-work
"B-b-but, Australia has higher minimum wage!"
Because the probable action would be IN the office rather than actually getting them put in place in the city!
"Yeah I wish Google would innovate more, they're hardly doing anything."
"The kind of awful person who makes friends from other cultures, you're disgusting!"
"But shhhh, he's a man and it's okay!"
didn't you see the lighting port?
"Yes, AMD is totally not in it for the money..."
left off the
"Why would Obama veto a ""common sense"" gun law that ""makes us more like the civilized nations of Europe"" where gun violence is not a problem?"
Thin privilege!
Please tell us how much we torture dogs by feeding them dog food.
What kinda fucked up person would even do this!
"Guys this is just the same as in Photoshop, you don't really need kb/mouse for that, you just need pixel coordinates"
"Wait, lucio has speed?"
"LOL, I think you forgot the"
"Gotta put the ""end sarcasm"" symbol:"
People who work in healthcare should do it for free...its all about healing the sick.
I may as well be in a strip club!
Mechanics too stronk
"You're right, we should just let them die."
And everyone knows that a personal story is the most sound scientific evidence....
Damn white people all look alike
LET THE REPLACEMENT DRIVER RUMORS SWIRL AGAIN!
Looks like next-gen graphics are here boys
All stats are meaningless unless Bill James invented them
Forgot the
"Downvote for ""yinz"" ...."
"yea, that sounds like the real motivation."
No its obviously on Mars
"Yeah, you are right tobacco and paper aren't plant products."
"Chemicals, man that glucose sure is deadly and don't even get me started on that Dihydrogen Monoxide"
"Idiot, the defender clearly touched the ball"
"No, Obama can't run for a third term."
He plans to make America great again.
watermelon is one word....I expected higher standards from you.
Nice to know Activi$ion's priorities are in check.
"But if they want to make it big, they should get all the exposure they can."
"Wow, so original."
PMITA prisons were built for hackers like you.
Poor dude who completely deserved his ban.
"oh my god, seriously this guy has been hitting the gym"
"yeah, because you know Dana and the UFC made zero dollars from letting Arianny and Brittany do spreads in playboy.."
"Oxygen is extremely explosive and can easily cause deaths, perhaps we should look at banning it entirely as well."
you accidentally the
Yeah how come nobody is proving that the lining in juice boxes doesn't make kids gay!
For how much?
"very subtle, and your perspective is fresh and unique"
Of course they forgot to mention the FBI supplied the underwear...
"""Painting"""
It would probably just be a pain in the ass.
"Lol red is for suckers, I only bet odd numbers."
Not the Pope!
Aren't we all slaves... TO THE PATRIARCHY?
maybe because spurrier already does it
"Yeah, only poor alcoholics ride bicycles."
everyone starts college in their teen years!
I see the beta testers in legion already finished their content...
"Shut up with all your reasonable assessments, this does nothing for the narrative that Benning shipped out a star."
#### Dat loyalty -_-
We have banners?
Yes because apparently its crazy for a guy to just not want to have sex.
"Why would this be fake, people don't have the time to waste on photoshop and aftereffects to create false leak practical jokes that get hundreds of upvotes and gaming articles written about them -----------------------"
I honestly can't tell if this is
"Come out from under your rock, did you?"
He was just trying to start a conversation!
"Yes, that's certainly what happened."
Remember to eat your high fructose corn syrup cookies for Christmas this year everyone!
"Yes, because I said it was a good thing in that statement."
Obviously make high ground fountain even higher ground
"Stupid cops, don't they know they have to allow themselves to be assaulted?"
Ahh ...was that
The only top 100 that matters
The Butcher rework is probably their best shot at getting more fresh meat into the game
"I disowned friends that I've known for 10+ years over their decision to vote remain, it's a competitive market."
"Git gud, scrub."
lol no the rest of the community is toxic
"towns's efg would probably go down with young timmy's usage but: tim's best ts% year was 57.9 in 2006-7 if he shot 85% from the line like towns does, his ts% that year would've been 62.3 too bad deandre duncan didn't work harder"
D'you mean las maldivas?
The US clearly needs 'Muri-Con laws to protect their local artists from the Canadian hegemony.
Banning books is a great start...
"Unions are bad, unless they are Police Unions."
"What do you *mean* that ""going 3-21 with 0 objective completions"" is a *bad* score?"
"Menial tasks are not important and do not need to be performed, therefor they are not worthy of pay."
"I guess if Cruz can run, why not Edmonton native john Scott!"
It's totally hipster to watch it at a bar
Because that jumpy schedule TOTALLY works with most disney XD shows just think about all the shows that are still going.....
Huhi is a 5x better Syndra player.
Ye bro all those VAC waves did nothing
StH twitter guy for Guest Grumps!
Source?
"science is a social construct, after all."
Just wait until he plays against a real defense
Because trapped on a ~~island~~ volcano in the middle of the ocean.
Yeah because signing two aged players helped us so much this season
Nice one!
That fucking Carney!
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
Seems legit.
In that case let me just get the $20 out of my bank and travel the world.
Nice baseless assumption!
If only reddit knew who he was.
Seeing her ukulele is obviously girl code for anal
If only he had shown his instability during the race.
"But boys cannot get unwanted boners, they all have complete control of their genitals at all times"
Don't worry I'm sure he will be Captain Kirk level someday
"Proof comes later, proof doesn't matter until after the allegations!"
I'd love to break my GOP addiction but my need for hating Mexicans keeps me hooked.
Blindness is the inability to see
The biological bullshit arrives... Love those kinds of posts.
Maybe she's talking about all the sign language.
also don't forget to eat your Margarine plebs.
What's funny is that it would probably be a good thing since we wouldn't use it in the first place lol.. MLS looking out for the little guy!
Cancer?
Looks like they learned after Paris that the only way to go is to ban all unencrypted communication
"Amazing people, really"
I think he forgot his
Many people says it's because of Trump Foundation contributions to NAMBLA and planned parenthood.
No people from the south are all racist rich white Republicans who hate thinking and love guns!
If you wanted original you should've joined reddit.
What did that cost per square foot ?
"Right, because every single 2 cent micropayment should obviously be recorded for all eternity on an ever growing ledger"
"Yeah, $upercell is making very little money so they can't afford to hire more people to work on their games."
"Yeah, wait until it goes live when you can't do anything about it."
Because you have a penis you shitlord
"I think atomic, so tough to tell this guys legit."
Yay for stereotypes!
So he's a true Geordie now with the theeth missing
i hope not!
That's because 9/11 was an inside job
Hes got Diaz and GSP lined up Wonderboy will have to get in line
"""IM POOR BUT DON'T WANT TO WORK AND CHANGE THAT"""
Here I think you forgot this:
silly gw2 person only rangers can use bows
So that's why she's supporting Biden's initiative!
Dropped your
But maybe if we give them more money they'll do a better job guys.
"wow, way to assume that the other half is male."
Don't you have to die first in order to go to Hell?
"omg it's a free game stop whining you entitled jerk, the team that works on partying isn't the team that works on content, go die"
oh noo not the locker room and chemistry that helps us beat the bulls and maintain leads late in games.
"I'm sure you know more about bikinis than women do, Matt."
"If you don't have to *chew* it, then it doesn't count!"
"congratulations on having the first ""movie"" to be recorded and produced vertically..."
It's terrible what Uber is doing to this city!
you still overpaid for that tough
because you should also be disabled in your greatest fantasies!
Obviously you need to git gud
Watch the 5th become a superstar.
Ya fucking furfag!
That's why I originally searched for it
fucking mudbloods
Gandalf
"But I'm sure she cuts recipes in half all of the time in the kitchen where she lives to serve him, right?"
i just skipped the consent part
Because modern medicine is worse than death.
All the people in this video were black-- does this mean this unit is super diverse or super profiling/racist?
We are going to be reported :( What ever shall we do?
You just triggered me so much.
Didn't you know that the space program is a cover for military propaganda?
Nah it's not PC to hold people accountable for their own actions.
"Nothing like almost jailbait to get some karma, right OP?"
*for freedom*
Is this because they are mourning the death of the Usmnt?
You fucking traitor
Yet more proof that Microsoft literally hates its fan base.
Definitely not a repost!
Her plot line was so enjoyable in season 2.
Or... ban those too dumb to pass a driver test and/or attend a driver's education class.
Women can't be sexist.
"Thank you for pointing that out, I had no idea"
Get a load of the art critic here
"You're goddamned right I do, shit is serious business!"
TIL comparing the US to Europe is cherry picking.
Hey now you sexist!
Thinking of going to harass the devs about it
PK to Florida E5
Master Yi Q is just a gapcloser
Pre-order cancelled
Because it has a mountain range?
Well fuck you for your talent!
Wow nice Bugatti!
"I'm sure I could cost my employer $35,000 and not face any discipline."
Git gud
WHICH LOCATION NEED 2 KNOW FOR MY NIB COLLECTION
10/10 would look at again.
PC Building.
But everything police officers do is bad!
"NYT, WaPo, and HuffPo are in the tank for Trump."
How to judge if QB is good in Texas: Did they go to Lake Travis?
Pretty sure no one says googlefullstopcom
Isn't it interesting that is exactly the proportion of the poplar vote he won by?
"You're supposed to bitch and moan like the rest of us on the subreddit, what are you doing?"
Yeah.. that's definitely a thing.
"Guys, this is just an isolated incident."
"Yeah, because we all know that racism has a history of solving problems."
"You're right, most people making over $35k/year do this."
"Yeah, but look at what it did to our economy."
"ok, you put all the fathers of the world, including the (future) to-be's to great shame."
Or the people who post here in general.
"Killing, bombing and abusing civilians is much easier though especially when they are defenseless plus you have them round up in a pen like trapped pigs ... being in the Israeli army sounds fun"
I'm for any solution that doesn't require personal responsibility on my part
Yeah that Shakopee to downtown Mpls commute is a piece of cake
Totally sounds like a convenience to me....
Probably not even fit to lace Gabriels boots
I don't think anyone was saying that about Roberto Aguayo
By anything you mean say racial and homophobic slurs on the internet
"But lies pushes the narrative and frames their ideology so nicely, the *'truth'* is so problematic."
I suspect this pervert is the spy inside ISIS....
"Good thing he didn't call you ""chicken,"" that's a full proof strategy."
"Oh yeah, habbo was *totally* newsworthy"
Oh sex is so much better on the plantation...
Are you severely obese?
"But they don't agree with him, so they're evil!"
The free market will fix everything
"I'd expect logical fallacies in ads for commercial products, but not something as serious as political messages."
"Woah there guy, the only person entitled to a subreddit that fits their interests is *me* and everyone else will love it because my opinions and likes are awesome and anyone who disagrees sucks!"
"I don't see color, racism doesn't exist anymore"
To inflate the install size so people think its better.
watch zhaysun
20 of those hours were gmod right?
But Steve Mason is bad and he holds the Flyers back and I just blogged about how Marc-Andre Fleury makes sense in a trade to them!
Surely there is an REI near by...
"Jesus, dude, you must be really persecuted"
"Yeah, because nobody wanted it before"
"Aw, who are you to get in the way of true love?"
This a great and original idea that has not been debating at all on here!
What a nice person.
"This will be excellent for that bookshelf of iPhones I wanted, they'll have the equivalent of a book spine!"
"That's alright then, she should have got life"
He's black
Battlecuck totaly worth that 60 $ price tag
Implying that people in Tennessee can read.
"What happened to: ""I beat my teammate""?"
I love how the archaeological evidence just keeps flooding in!
Oh well that completely trivializes the accomplishment
Cultural appropriation stop oppressing Moslems
Then I will use my diamond shovel to konk you on the head in your fresh grave!
Everyone knows NL doesn't *actually* play Rebirth anymore.
"But that's exactly what the population explosion needs, anti-gay political will."
"If Radiant did one kill for every minute and Dire did one kill for every second, how did Dire lose?"
Competitve Dom is clearly better
Wow never knew season looked like that in 4k
Omg PC modders with their hacking and ruining/breaking games!
Thanks for that
This'll end well.
Obviously because you're life based.
In Italia invece no.
Cheer up.
Well that sounds like a perfect justification for the rest of the country to be responsible for you instead of being responsible for yourself!
"But why would you do that, when you could just get 7 strange coins from running one nightfall?"
"Man, he sure is one hell of a guy."
"Pfff, git gud."
Shut up ur fat
We need a way to anonymize all of those stolen coins.
"Yeah fuck Fox News, tune in to non-bias sources such as CNN and r/politics like *I* do!"
Passimian's abilities are [Receiver/Defiant]
"but caffeine is legal, so it's not a drug, nor is it dangerous"
Soooo... will this be added to our evaluations?
"Because he could have spent that energy being poor and living off welfare, which anyone in the inner city will tell you, is the life"
You're milking FNaC!
"Jokes on you, the human eye can only see 15.244 fps so... Checkmate pcmasterrace."
Better buy them up before they go contraband then
But the free market is so efficient!
Shipment obviously
I see you even posted in that consoles native resolution!
"""But muh Fallout 4!"""
"Oooh... a ""Le Pan"" Android tablet for $40 off!"
Roots and potatoes probably.
Wow look at all that hair
This totally isn't a racist comment...
this is a new and well thought out post
Unless you're a sovereign citizen then it's not possible for the court to serve you...
"Tackling isn't broken, your just not doing it right!"
Yea i also tought it would be a fun league after i killed normal merveil
"Yeah, what's the point of humans interacting if they can't fuck?"
They're adding 4 additional clicks to view the lab notes.
"No no no, you can't admit they're even because only the losers say that."
Fuck Bernie Sanders.
Would that even work today?
Coz all anti national muslims in india are pakistani at heart
Wait which college teams played and since when is college basketball played in quarters?
"Well, if we put *everyone* in prison, they won't be able to suffer crime!"
"haha, hilarious"
"After what I saw last season, sign two of the three."
"Just you wait, the emails are gonna tank Hitlerally, and Bernie will take his rightful place as Messiah."
Yeah it's great when you meet with shit tanks who insist on tanking in Deliverance and quickly find out they can't hold your superior DoT aggro!
"suddenly, turns out n0tails gf is really good, fits both criteria and wins ti6 for them with 10 million dollar ravage"
Loved the bit with global warming.
"Well, in the meantime, the superdelegates rallying around Hillary is feature prominently on the results page to satiate your craving for results"
"Her shoes are still on, it's fine."
"Saw this lying around, think it belongs to you:"
"Yes, it is inhumane to ensure that a criminal doesn't harm the hospital staff."
Of course they haven't caught any; they're such an effective deterrent that terrorists don't dare fly any more!
OMG Chemtrails are really made by angels?
"It's a meme, you dip."
"ok, but we still need a colony on there in case the earth gets destroyed because we can live for 68 more days on it"
BUT BUT BUT THE WORLD REVOLVES AROUND ME AND I DON'T LIKE IT SO YOUR IDEA IS SHIT!
"But men are individuals, unlike women."
"Thanks, it never occurred to me to mess around with the mouse."
"Yea, Juno was a pretty awesome god for ordaining monogamous marriage."
This is an accurate picture of reality.
"Yes, Ron is a GOP Plant, his refusal to endorse GJ or Run as a 3rd party has nothing at all do with with preserving his son's political career, and everything do with the fact the Ron Paul is secretly in love with the GOP and supports them in every way"
"yeah, that's why they couldn't do it in new vegas."
He won't be living next to such shitty people much longer with that contract.
Treating the future president of the United States like a child is a smart deal
Well the iron dome tech will help us when canada finally reaches hamas level rockets.
"Yes, only 14 people use cannibas and they're all fucking geniuses."
"Wow, i never knew he was a doctor!"
Yes because disabilities are something you can always change
"Well, we know that Trump is really good about fairly repaying his financiers."
Is it that he looks like the Green Goblin?
C'mon man obviously Aldos training partner who is a police officer was totally in the right to stop the tester from taking a sample and arresting him when he tried
"Don't go ""spreading superstitions"" like hard nutritional science!"
But that's illegal!
"Sorry, it's the support's job to ward, even warding the solo lane."
Rageblade Jax
"Yes, let's remove individual accountability from the equation so nobody learns anything at all."
I believe what happened here is you got outplayed
But I thought saying axe was something only dumb people said and this guy has a phd so clearly he's smart and should talk like a white person?
In third word country like Europe it is illegal.
Why would I want wards when I can double kill bot lane as support Lux
I will take that as a Dalit.
He was just trying to maintain OPSEC.
"What, no midgets you sick fuck?"
"Yeah, IHOP is known for quality"
You know he consulted with himself and is leading in the GOP primary... maybe he is the right adviser to himself.
He's gotta make a living somhow.
So surprising to find some one bitching about shit they don't even remotely understand on a gaming forum.
Doesn't the *R* in *ARAM* stand for *Reroll* though ?
"He only voted for Trump so jobs will come back, obviously not for Trump's racist rhetoric (which doesn't exist)"
text post = shit post
"Well based on their current economy, I could probably buy a Greek island too."
"The title is misleading, the Holocaust is a Jewish conspiracy."
"Nuke the socialist commies, free healthcare is the devil!"
Cliche racist jokes are so funny haha i'm dying laughing
TIL Big Hair is cool
Like it won't be pirated on consoles.
"Must be the hair, plus 2014 girl seems to be doing a poor job"
FIrst NYPD next they'll say none of us are allowed to beat strange pregnant women in the street.
He already took our tracked apc's and armed aircraft!
There's nothing wrong with selling our children into debt slavery to the Chinese.
Yeah these jews of the game industry are totally annoying.
I'll bet you all a million it was one of our friends from the most peaceful religion
You forgot your
Sarcasm oftentimes doesn't translate well over text.
you mean at the start of the round you dont shoot them like everyone else...
If you stick around for a few more years you'll be able to go to the movie theatre
That's what happens when you go starting an H1B program.
You kidnapped a bunch of mythical creatures.
I bet you're fun at parties.
"Ugh, can't we all just agree that *all* women are horrible in *every way*, except for the rare hot ones who appreciate the few truly *nice* guys out there?"
"Does the fact that my grandparents escaped Nazi germany and communist russia, and made it in america with next to nothing excuse me from being a dirty slaveowner?"
"Because putting fucking holes in jeans is hard, apparently."
IF you dont know about outdated tech you are a retard
now lead on the other hand....
Banning alcohol will surely work.
World Trade Center came out only 5 years later and that was a homerun
"You people are crazy, evey culture is perfect and has no problems in it, what you call ""problems"" are just apart of their culture, stop being a racist critic."
"What, No Country for Old Men didn't lift your spirits?"
"Well that's just f'ing fantastic... thanks a lot, BitCoin miners!"
"Yea everyone knows democratic politicians are super honest, way more honest than those dang religious cuckservatives."
You can test this by driving on the wrong side of the road.
What about Canseco?
It's Nintendo's fault for a lack of 3rd party support obviously.
"Man, but how unsafe are those teslas rite?"
So it wouldnt be fun having 20 drivers going Hammer Time and not wanting to be talked to in the corners?
"Now now don't be ""anti-Semitic"""
Na you are not a True Christian (TM)... your one of those fake Christians that believes in socialist stuff like feeding the hungry and not dropping bombs on Muslims.
Still a better love story than Twi---oh wait...
"Nonsense, you have to beat people down with fancy concepts."
"Seb won that one, booooriiiing."
I didn't realize this guy worked for bungie.
"""A man with arms isn't unarmed."""
The anti-face?
Wow that was hilarious!
"another fps let's play, can't wait to watch that"
No one ever regrets face tattoos
"It's pointleas mate, why take revive on a champ that never dies :)"
It's so unfair
Looks like LG mastered the lan.throw last night.
They will draw 0-0
[Choices!]
Im sorry to hear about your break-up
*White suburbanites heave sighs of relief*
That's the power of GoDaddy
Gazprom shill detected.
And it's not like caulk would have been way more than enough to hold that thing on at 80mph and be fairly easy to remove without damage.
"Mike Glennon, who is easily on the same level of those QBs, would also say that of the Bucs."
"Yup, the gif cuts out early, her reaction was delayed significantly"
Good one!
They should make it 3 hours next year to fix this problem
"Actually, it's about ethics in farmer's rights."
"Ahh thank you, hopefully Blizz fixes it like they've fixed everything else."
And let's not forget about how great fighting in vashjir was
I'm soooooo excited for warlocks to have even farther melee range.
Yeah now that Bloodborn is out it's the perfect time to cannibalize sales!
Ah India and its famous unregulated free market.
Shoulda put an
Wow... Sounds pretty dark.
"By contrast, the War on Drugs is conducted using rainbows and unicorns, so it doesn't produce any victims."
What great value we'd get too
Let's fix the potholes with bicyclists!
another shitty ele-prolif build
They only need one book
"""fell"""
Yes all smoking addicts are assholes and cant be respectful of other peoples property
I'm sure that it won't be an issue...
"Nah dude, everyone knows that in America you can stroll over to Walmart and grab yourself a full auto AK."
"She recited the ""Our Father"" prayer over the pork hotdogs... what's the big deal, Muslims?"
"Because reddit has never made fun of other people's pain before, right?"
he trains to peak at the kuwait pro
You mean raise his hands in defense?
So they have a place to put the chemical tanks.
but but its a gun problem remember
Only if you want to be really smert.
Only on PC
They are going to make TVs and other electronics
Or just ban Japanese people from entering the country until we figure out what's going on.
"Omg it was calculated, I knew it they have planned the sabotage all along."
"Eh, same thing."
"Don't worry man, that replay system will be in the next patch for sure."
no shit thanks for this info
"Oh no, I think this may push me over the edge!"
Why did you have to point out him pointing that out
The Vietnamese/Chinese lady totally had the hots for him.
"""Gansta"" ok haha so gansta not to tap."
Don't you know anything about starvation mode?
McGregor would school em both bruh
Yes because there's no difference in instant travel vs 5 minutes.
Yeah but all heat fans are bandwagoners.
"""Omg ukrops downvote anything that is not showing ukraine in a good light!"""
"It is sad, but think of the mass extinction of squirrels and pigeons currently taking place in our cities today."
"No duh, Shaq is retired."
There are no such thing as females on the internet
Poser
See you in the finals
do you reckon he'll share it?
Obviously the best support is c9 smoothie
Sure if everyone could kill you as soon as look at you at any time (everyone armed and ready all the time) no one would commit crime.
\#SigiIn?
Entitled cunts
"I'm sure AMD ended with at least $1.43, based on my history with lawyers"
Crucify him for reasonably expecting substantial development of a multi-million-dollar-budget game!
Just look at Fabregas
"Young man, I will *not* accept intolerance in my presence!"
He had no friends who would back him up.
Negative Bernie posts will not be tolerated
Yes I miss the aquarium too
TFW you were in the beach with Giselle before Tilith
"Yeah but who's problem is that... Not the sheriff's department behind it, so who cares"
In ten years all games will be picture books
Wow it took NASA that long to make fake photos
Way to short-shame me shitlord
"Oh yeah, we're intending to backpack across Asia and India next year."
"Ah yes, all of those people who use ripple on a regular basis."
"No, they're bitter, like Bret Hart."
But she walked like him when she was angry.
i smell futuristic shit.
There's no room for logic here.
I c-can't b-b-b-b-believe you'd say th-that!
Pls if they buff sobek in any way now he will be OP
He will finally have time to rest
"*Yeah, almost seamlessly*"
"It's ok guys, they are gonna be a great team in a few years with all these first picks."
cant tell if
"Ughhh, guys the scope isn't useful"
Yeah but don't you realize that Reddit's opinions are voicing the overwhelming majority of this world?
"Spoiler tag this shit, shitlord!"
Let you know at 4
That looks really legit!
But she was totally asking for it probably
But why can't we be friends with people who want to kill us?
But then how are people going to argue that Solo affecting Powerplay isn't a completely asinine idea then?
I think it means that you can use Tridon for that lobby
We should regulate weaponized shitposting
Yes.
"No guys, see, don't let his weight loss fool you; he's still using PEDs."
How else do you think the number stayed less than 100
"Yeah, just make a goal count 5 points and the Americans will like it."
"Yes, killing any old North Korean citizen is commendable"
Incredible how you can summarize such a nuanced topic into so few words.
Well his agent says he has no future there and Klopp is interested...
Thats actually your body trying to mimic fat dudes to make her more comfortable
"Really, what a surprise."
But what does that have to do with the Mississippi River Delta?
Ronald McDonald would be the best by a few miles
All the sudden you've got a team and you think you're big man on campus?
Someone probably called in sick and this is a disgruntled boss sticking it to those bastard mail recipients who caused this whole situation in the first place.
"Oh look, it's Anita Sarkeesian"
Yeah that's why Bill Cosby is innocent
"Obviously, it was quite reasonable to expect fliers would convince uncle Adolf his war was a bad thingie..."
"Yeah, because the lake bed won't level itself back out like its done every single year before."
Children aren't people.
Much like morality seasons and holidays wouldn't exist without Christianity you heathen
did you let him top you fucking retard?
Fucking abelist shitlord
Sounds like something a Trump supporter would say.
All thanks to Obama and the Muslim terrorists
That's racist!
Well duhh cant you see hes a professional hookaher.
Yea because if both lips were hidden this would be a work friendly picture.
No but the students paid for everything so shouldn't they ultimately decide what they can and cannot do?
They're just using that verse out of context.
yeah no lol you guys think its because they want to play games or something nerds *hate* when women get involved in their nerdy activities right
"Right, those police were literally hostages."
Score 20+ goals a season
How dare people who are concerned with the cost of living buy the cheaper product!
Because everyone's passion in life is solely to get laid.
Because cops clearly can't lie
"No, you play Red-Eyes FTK, smh... Can't beat 30% legal FTK rate"
OOC: Betch ur getting cinnamon toast.
*Incoming Returning from a break in the help thread*
Buy as many tarmogoyfs as you can
Next you're going to tell me that reindeer might exist
"Ah yes, here's the Christian charity."
"Well certainly it's not in your best interest, why would anyone do that?"
Birthright's plot
Bet you didn't know about the cholesterol part of it!
It'll work just like the rest or the game.
Murray
oh weird college kids being stupid
Che definitely fought for this...
"Oh, yeah, without citizens with guns the country goes to chaos."
"Don't worry, the agents of the TSA won't abuse this at all."
Because intense unchecked nationalism doesn't affect geopolitics
"Reading about this guy makes me want to hear more from Donald Trump, to whom I can relate."
"It totally kills the euphoric feeling, doesn't it?"
"Oh, so you're one of *those* people."
Of course because of #KillAllMen -
poor babetaster :c
"Well, got my new leet RP figured out"
"I am 17 and can confirm, yes you are."
Gotta get those more mushrooms per mushroom block
'Wisdom' of Solomon
"Talking about wastes of space while Julia is sitting there, how rude."
"For all you environmentalists, it's made from a real turtle."
Yeah teams with one play style always do so well
So a homeopathic mirrored sphere would make this weakened light brighter?
How else do you play single?
Cory assumes there'll be more than one supporter.
Shouldn't have had sex I guess.
"Idk man, I think we stupid Fundies just got our faith smashed"
"I'll bet you dealt with enough pregnant women to make assumptions about the entire human race, too."
I wonder what his thoughts are on dark matter.
I think you forgot the
"Oh yeah, I can totally talk my wife into that."
"Wow, you're just a terrible person aren't you?"
"Because nowadays something like that can label you as a stalker or harassing, because it's so obvious her lack of a reply means she's not interested"
Nah mate we have already won the EL...
Tom Brady is a pedestrian quarterback who should retire right now
"Hey now, Amiga-rendered CG space battles are expensive"
"Yes, making out with the world's largest penis guy on Howard Stern is really helping garner acceptance and respect for gay people everywhere."
Pi = 3 so Tau = 6.
"You mean, the 'disagree button'"
Yeah but those are *boring* countries
If they wanted slow motion they should've just used bullet time
"But he is going to be called a socialist, so he might as well own it."
"Yeah, he seems like a really impatient prick"
"What, In N Out isn't good enough for you?"
I can't wait to see Vanek putz around between the bluelines edging
"What's a ""cow-orker""?"
Sounds like they need coach
"you teached those hungarian snobs a lesson, by occupying Transylvania, haha."
"Forget about all the times where we couldn't even buy a basket if our lives depended on it, ***THE CLIPPERS WERE BETTER WITHOUT BLAKE GRIFFIN FOR GODS SAKE***"
"Pick up all modern, can't wait til the next 25% price increase!"
"If the schools don't have enough money for supplies, obviously they're paying the teachers too much."
you think he can help with some of the bailout money?
Not sure if
"Man i disliked it right away, i'm amazing!"
I'm pretty sure you don't have to know someone before hand to know if they're having a seizure in water dumbass
"But she should go hang out with the guy sulking across the street because she has ""nice guy"" radar and should be able to pick up his I'm-into-you waves."
"Oh, you had me there for a minute"
"Oh yeah, I'm sure"
Baka yung ipapa VP nila si Mocha Uson
Highlander
"Yeah, cause every train system in the world uses these types of seats"
I identify as a forty five year old teenager that was born in 1985 and you cant take that from me!
That last photo was waaaaay off the grid...
"Careful there mister communism, if we don't keep funneling money upwards to pay the glorious job creators, how will the poor guys be able to continue creating jobs?"
"Of course, clearly one man knows what's best for **all** New Yorkers, right?"
you didn't draw a silly picture :(
no you don't understand a pharmaceutical company would never hide a cure to make money on treatments.
You can take my beer when you pry it from my cold dead American hands.
It was training to be a bedbug.
Clearly you are not bright and your perception of ME is entirely based on your fallible memory.
That's because you're both so informed about major world religions.
"the healer of tri never does anything unreasonable or ridiculous, pssh"
I'm so sorry for your loss.
especially when the taliban bomb schools and murder schoolchildren because who wants education much less educated girls...
But what about the foodies and mixologists?
Just think of it as a cool funky beat and use it as workout motivation
ah yes a mentally disturbed person posted crazy shit before he killed himself - definitely evidence of a police conspiracy to kill a somewhat-critical blogger
Pull the Ethernet cable before playing
Operation Ajax made them do it!
Dis song is usefool for a south indyan while proposing to north indyan gurl
"Yes, they're doing nothing..."
"You're right, it should be named Strip because you strip the enemy of their armors."
"Dammit people, stop throwing invisibility potions on everything."
And when Brooks Laich had his goal waived off because he was thought to be offsides when he wasn't is the rather reason the Caps were swept by the bolts.
Ryan doesn't hate Brad he hates Rorie obviously
"Yup OP this is what happens when you take the gay marijuanals, no turning back from now on."
You disgust me.
"Women have more autonomy, can make careers for themselves, have the opportunity for greater self-actualization, are less dependent on men who may exploit or abuse them... Boo!"
"I don't get it, it's just a picture of Zelda."
Gotta love the long tail of McCarthyism.
Washington outsider Chelsea Clinton!
I only read the first few words of your comment.
You forgot the
I figured there was a reason PAC teams were getting fucked in the ass.
But muh skill ceiling
Maybe you're wrong ALL THE TIME
"Unlike the SDP, who are totally fine with it."
"If they don't have anything to hide, they shouldn't be worried about it."
"TIL her name is Sally Rida, and not Sally Ride."
I would hate it if he came to Chicago.
Or shave your head and set fire to the dorm and everything you own.
"Very compelling argument, I could see this logical response getting many respected upvotes."
Its photoshopped you can tell from the pixels
"Thorin predicted SK to win the series, what a pleb predicting everything wrong amirite?"
"Also the numerous ""how to commute from x to y"" and ""where to buy stuff"" Those are subtle propaganda suggesting our sorry state of transportation and poor e-commerce scene"
to busy being paid off by the corporations
BUT MICHAL JORDAN (insert something here)
Nightguard is Strings confirmed
"*MakeUptimeGreatAgain* We're gonna have the best servers, the best uptime."
Which will definitely shore up the liberals
Vaccines.
The *horror*
yea Eve Online is exactly like Star Fox 64.
Wait which stabbing attack?
"A nice message on ESEA, must be fake"
"Yeah, i could imagine seeing nintendo be like "" well, most of all trailers and screenshots were from wii u but we cancelled it ok bye! """
try Spore?
It is a performance enhancing drug and would clearly be the only reason be won.
anything different from what i like is scary and should be eliminated!
I think he has his hands full fighting with Lorenzo and Marquez.
"""I gave recreational drugs to a woman who asked for them and then by her own admission took them voluntarily and knowing what they were"" Well fuck, if **that** doesn't scream the confession of a serial rapist then I don't know what does."
The dang commies running this country just don't get his appeal.
i'm not shitpost :( why would you say something so mean...
am i allowed to sell the sunflower and peashooter pops at an inflated rate ;)
Can't wait.
Am besten wieder von Atomkraftwerken auf Kohle umsteigen.
CMC get their cutie marks: OMG SHOW RUINED LEAVING FANDOM THROWING PANDAS etc etc
Didn't they get the memo about him falling off?
"Yes, because individuals' spending habits are exactly like sovereign nations'."
kobe sitting courtside probably had NOTHING to do with this.
"Yeah, I'm gonna struggle to break 90 without that slight amount of extra spin."
"Day 111: my escape attempt failed once again, but I am gaining favor with the tall one."
Seems logical.
"Ok, apparently I'm going to have to start ending all my posts with:"
But not allowing her to force her beliefs on others is a violation of her religious freedom.
Um yeah
Something something gun control
Using this method Sanders can still win
That was the only atlas interface in the galaxy and now you're screwed
You have to love those brave hero's.
"Yes, what a douchebag cop for giving a person who was speeding a speeding ticket."
Try
"After that snipe by Barbario, I don't think we need to trade for a right wing anymore!"
Bernie better watch out before he becomes an SJW and shoves socialist policies and progressive views down our throats
"~~People~~ Gentlemen sure were just so much more decent and moral back in the old days, what with no ladies around to distract them with all of our dainty voting."
Since no one is glitching/duping anyway...
Where are the past options
"Yeah, once you see Somalia you'll realize America isn't all that."
manti tho
Because she would have lost otherwise?
"So, it's so rude to actually want to know if a Presidential candidate was breaking the law and willifully/unwillifully leaking classifiy information during their time as Secretary of State."
Obviously fanatic ooz.
ci metterei un
"Uh, lesbian sex!"
I could have sworn Elizabeth Warren was pro-rated
This is true
I commend your well thought out and educated response.
"No, its for people living inside the French general Lafayette."
"Yeah because all these guys from balance team, champion designers, 3d and splash artists are gonna do such a great job when put to work on bugfixing, optimizing engine and debugging"
"Which is precisely why they only accurate poll data when they survey all 100,000,000+ potential voters, and not just the 1,200 or so they need to get reliably accurate data."
"But she doesn't look sick, she's fine, slap her on the ass and tell her to suck it up."
"It's missing... something, I just can't seem to figure out what..."
Like anyone who watches anime will get a girl to come to their house
We should petition to make it a UNESCO world heritage site.
It's because women are better at multitasking that feminism can care about multiple issues at once.
Charlie Ward
Religion must have the answer
"The budget for ""The Wizard"" must have been through the roof!"
"Only on the Canadian side, those goddamn frostbacks."
You seem reasonable.
The blatant advertising for Microsoft really killed that movie for me.
Does that make it a small government already?
Sorry forgot to add
"Dunno about that, at least Calderon can dunk"
And life is just thriving there!
"Don't you mean ""effect""?"
A young brother's got it bad cus he's brown?
Were you wearing provocative clothing?
Sounds like a real american hero
"Yeah, it's not that it has something to do with our modern society or something, everybody just says ""Hey, let's just get depression, everyone else has it so it must be so cool""."
MASAMUNE HAS NEONS.
The pleasure is real!
"Yaaa, I am sure 154lb Lara is going to be a real test for Golovkin."
A part of black culture!
Great thing they release chickens in safezone so it's still completely safe to do.
I think there will be a character reveal on September 13
VBS
I have a running theory that Carolina had anorexia.
"God, nothing I love more than ragheads killing each other with weapons we sold them.."
David is just mad at Legere for calling him a hipster at the Binge On event
This is nonsense (c) abo-abo
Yay...more goalies.
"Yeah, that about sums up Apple's policies."
Finally something significant will happen against a big financial institution!
"i love how the elderly think that just because they're old, they're right."
"Well, how would they know there is a terrorist threat if they can't spy on your phone calls?"
"""Please"" .... spoken like a real bad ass"
I mean wtf can't their super sensitive ears differentiate between a can of human food being opened vs a can of cat food being opened?
Because the dye-able Gordian equips look so cool.
"Yeah, a murderer who believes can repent and cease being evil, but an atheist is evil and cannot become good until he finds god."
Minecraft takes skill.
"Yeah they should all be playing League, right?"
Yeah like no one would say de gea is one of the best keepers in the world
too soon?
Academy Award nominated Ryan Gosling is a total shit actor
my karma means my magic internet penis is bigger than your magic internet penis
So I found this site Lolottlo No the owner or anything But gamble there lol
You forgot your
Obviously this isn't Kawhi and is only the great team defense by the Spurs.
It says right in the title they can jump as high as sixty feet
The technology is there yet!
"Yeah, America!"
Nah it'll be fine whats the worst that could happen
We could be doing more to close the murder your mother loophole...
"Sorry, forgot the"
The nerve of some people
"falling through the floor 0/10, wouldn't buy"
they have a private subreddit and post new threads for what player is on the block
"Yeah, because the majority of American redditors still support Obama after all the shit he's done."
"Well its much more expensive, therefore it will shoot further, be more accurate, and will get you laid."
I'm glad you pointed out Arsenal did not play Milan in the premier league otherwise i never would have figured that out.
"Well, it sure worked the last time you did it"
So we'd be better off getting our news from Trump's twitter page?
Like any of you will use them anyway
Well you say that but I have polls that are massive outliers that I made specifically to disturb the averages
117kcal.... Yep excessive
"Yes, you should only pay for anything in gold bars."
Because governments have historically done such a good job of ensuring individuals' rights.
"He's famous for wrestling, isn't that the same thing?"
Wouldn't want to infringe KAT's copyright.
"It took them to long to remove theater mode to make it harder to accurately record the lag comp (or whatever people want to label the fucky mess the state of the netcode is in), so they didn't have time for any of this."
Your ex is the ocean?
but that's only 5 frames below a truly cinematic experience.
"easy solution, just tighten the straps so that it's not at all parallel to the floor!"
We just lost out on all of those lucrative bus singing concerts because of Sammy.
"If women were leaders, there wouldn't be wars."
Sounds middle and old aged.
"Maybe the ""ugly"" twin was horribly disfigured in a freak accident."
"You're looking at sim battles, which are ridiculously expensive because gaijin really want to encourage people to progress and play those"
Microsoft Paint
they are just smurf
"Mind your own fucking business, you filthy foreigner."
Fox News says it's terrorism so it must not be true.
Imagine how bad it would be if Chicago wasn't a gun-free zone!
Cats can meow and hiss even with their mouths closed..
"It's cool guys, the free market will provide!"
"""Hi, yeah, I'd like to report a stolen car"""
"Hate to be *this* guy, but those extra $60 they got from you will surely show 'em."
Yeah honestly everyone involved probably would have better off if he never wrote those books.
I thought this whole thing was to prevent cyber terrorist.
"Thats a nice, unintimidating way to introduce yourself to the other driver."
Navi - Ocarina of time
"To be fair, Cam has been getting paid for longer."
Now THAT'S what I call a chemtrail!
Goblin definitely has Kryptonite.
Gonna need to see a source on that
"I think you meant ""No Regerts"" make sure to thank me later."
I thought OP owned the car.
this is all lies FatBen is the bes'
No your creepy
I'm ready for more aids!
how long have you been sexually attracted to pans?
Acid rap was an amazing album im sure that had nothing to do with his rise to fame
This guy... This guy's got it!
How many headrest can they use per season?
"""Here, let's grab the drivers hand while he's reacting to the crash in front of us"" brilliant!"
Women totally respond to that.
fucking leafy fans
But all the rest he said is true.
"oh, I thought they were real."
"Pigs are not worthy of proper treatment, unlike cute rabbits, those are clearly necessary for our society."
"Deep, man."
"I'm sure letting an out of touch population packed in little echo chambers run the county, completely oblivious to the fact that the people they are shutting out of any sort of effective representation supply all the necessary goods to those cities, would work out great!"
"No, no, no, it didn't effect $Hillary, so it doesn't count."
Obviously tesla are mean
But where is the intent?
this is exactly what a pedophile would put on his van
I'm pretty sure I'd shoot a 350lb human that climbed onto my lap uninvited.
You seen em once you seen em a thousand times!
"Yeah, 300% is still 116 dollars away from when you took this picture."
yes.
"oh sorry now says ""Scheluded maintenance"" my bad guys"
I knew I was making the right decision in never leaving my basement.
"Well, coming in second means that you're the first loser."
"The best part is when people say X is playing like shit, acting like LGB is some tier 3 team, it's not like they're known for upsets against better teams or anything...."
Naa it's Bill O'Reilly or something
Normal citizens will be barred from using it anyway... so no worries?
"I've got a better idea, they can also pin white stars on their clothes when they walk around in public so everyone can see how privileged they are"
"No dude, that was mostly about state's rights."
"Because there's no quieter method of assassination out there, obviously things like garrotes, knives, big rocks tied to sticks, and your bare hands don't exist."
"My bad, I thought you were a place to buy food from."
What else are friends for?
Yeah man what idiots to say checking what people bring on planes is still a pretty good idea
"Yes, because the number of seeders and leechers in the swarm that you are connected to is completely and totally hidden."
How could you write essays without knowing when to use who's and when whose?
"I support the Teachers Union, because they are doing what's best for my children"
But haven't you heard of the church zapping techniques and their success stories?
That's an entire small country's worth of sockpuppets.
How can anyone stop the Mexican rapists if they have no experience committing sexual assault?
"Jim ""Trade Deadline Master"" Benning"
But *surely* it's safe to buy into Tron or Affinity right now...
"Oh goodness no, we just want to emulate the sparkling example of transportation excellence that is Atlanta, GA."
"I'm sure you defended Ferguson rioters with that logic too, because you are logical."
That's just shows you are one of the sheeple.
yeah I guess all those bad philly fans in the background appluding were guilty also for cheering Cruz getting hurt.
"How dare you make fun of our lord Riot, he gives us free Pizza!"
"So what if they aren't practical weapons, that never stopped Klingons from using Bat'leths!"
It's about time somebody thought of the children.
nice to see people using the votes as something other than a disagree button
"Surely mass surveillance of all citizen's communications would have prevented this ""terrorist"" from committing such acts."
Sounds like a great idea !
No exceptions for uber drivers?
BottomRightMasterRace you peasant!
Gotta stay young somehow I supposed.
Polling is rigged
Webmd told me I have cancer so it must be true you ignorant doctor!
Sounds like Germany needs a Trump in their country.
Well maybe if you weren't in the fucking way
Yeh they always fly straight through storms because it's their pre-determined flight path.
I guess they could move to Israel and get the best of both worlds these days.
"Totally, because Ajin and IBO have so many lolis."
If only they did a giveaway on reddit
You need a TOR engine though to obscure your traffic like that
"Same approach was used to solve the problem with street prostitution, and we successfully resolved that issue likewise without needing police."
It's not *nearly* as important as the objectification of women using Photoshop!
Not when your job is a job a black person could have had...
Literally unplayable
"Honestly, straight people need to stop shoving their sexuality in my face"
"No, you're wrong, its just because they don't want to."
Arn't they the same person?
Ubuntu isn't modern like Windows 7.
report for assisting ennemy team omg
but then my friends cant see 1 more perfect game on my profile
Get with the times - public shaming is boss
When did morello started to work at XLgames?
Just think what you could have once they fire Fisher and Snead at the end of the season
You know what he did...really at this point...what difference did it make.
It's not racist if it's towards white people.
"Yeah, OP, &amp;#9835; why you gotta be so ruuuude &amp;#9835;"
Yeah but I heard that they like people who can program in different languages.
why you so racist
Nailed it.
True but the only thing Kirby can do is rock (down-b)
But she agreed with everything Sanders said!
"Hey, you should tell those people that they're driving on the wrong side of the road!"
Straight up John Galt this bitch!
But capitalism and being a slave to my oligarch owners is the ONLY kind of life there can or ever will be!
"Yeah, let's get a studio who completely ignores copyright laws or the source material's author opinion and adapt shit anyway!"
Montreal has such shit luck with netminders
Central city* you filthy casual.
I would get excited for this if only it wasn't an amateur league full of cans.
Russia should do it too!
What if I told you that you're not allowed to have a different opinion to other people ever?
Because the pattern.. duh.
"He said ""mid grade"" not ""low-end""."
I'm a true American; I act first and think of the consequences later.
They have no empathy so they find it hi-larious.
That it can run windows better than windows
How he forget about the man that made it to 6 straight finals
That's not how that works!
Triggered
"What are you talking about, this game is so optimized and polished."
"I'd be a Wiccan if I wasn't an atheist, can confirm."
Username checks out
"Wet noodles are what romans used to build their homes, and look at them now!"
"Fuck that, flesh hook suspensions or GTFO!"
Your argument is salient and without reproach.
Clearly a very good photoshop
i bet elliot smith was hoping to leave a legacy of misogyny
To think he did this on his first try!
"Cho 2.5 second silence, absurd true damage Lulu extreme cockblock when trying to kill anybody Ghouls are very hard to target, even with aa move spam But you're probably just disagreeing for the sake of it since I'm rooting for CLG and C9 and I had a look at your text flair"
Corrin I'm very original
Look for your wheel... That is all
Who needs textbooks if you got a bible.
"Haven't you heard the latest, the hype for the game is completely gone from this subreddit, blizzard dun goofed!"
nobody ever listens to the poor men
"No, clearly their lifestyles are the same as super muscular men since it's just genetics anyway and has nothing to do with how often they workout or what they eat."
"yes, THIS is what I want my tax dollars to be spent on"
We're not allowed to swear on the internet
"Yes, because killing millions of defenseless civilians is totally fair and just."
The main problem with authority is that I'm not in a position of authority.
"Don't forget soda, caffeine can age you so badly don't you know?"
And that was a wonderful fight.
Weird that someone would just leave a picture of that on a back road.
You should purchase caltrops and deploy them in front and behind her card
this is what we need voter ID laws for!
Why experiment on animals when we have a world full of autistic people?
So... Ohio?
"Yeah, because historically, energy industries have made less pollution and done it safer when there is less regulation."
I was hurt with the thing they have done as religious sentiments are concerned.
Bisa sih...cuman takutnya agak ngengkang aja kaki nya...
"si si si, ""este pais es una mierda"" sigan con su quejadera sifrina masturbatoria"
"Oh no, don't sacrifice Penis"
"yeah i understand that if you do different things in the playthrough you can have different endings, but what i meant is that are there significant differences, such as from playthrough 1 to playthrough 2 [alex notes that things have happened before, time skips in different areas, alex is able to talk to herself in different universes, the ending results in them at the convenience store, etc]"
Even koreans think rank doesn't mean anything anymore
yeah unless you play the sport on the highest professional level you're not allowed to say anything about them or pretend like you know anything about it.
Imagine the day we would have the technology to vote from our home.
It's obvious who needs to go.
But dota is blizzard's intellectual property
Them tricky boat people are now coMing by slay
"Who cares if they're dehumanized as long as the cops, courts, lawyers, and prisons get paid?"
"Pssh, who needs that when we have amazing types like Rock/Ice Aurorus..."
"Hey, politicians may not understand technology, science, or basic biology, but that shouldn't stop them from making laws governing them."
I guess that's why the US and Russia have gone to war against each other so many times in the last 100 years.
That should be a two week ban from here.
Pray that you remember the
"gee whiz, who would have guessed?"
"It's those PAC 12 defenses, isn't it?"
People feel the same way about British humor
"Of course they did... remember the good wholesome game of ""Cowboys and Indians"" where the good white guy shoots the savage ethnic minority... Whatever happened to that kind of good clean fun?"
"Nah man, the cel is only worth visiting when Obama throws the first pitch."
You bigot!
"As long as the spots are separate but equal, I have no reason to believe this is wrong...."
"Oh, you're so alone in that opinion on reddit"
Non-American spotted.
Marijuana killed 2 people in the history of the world and it happened when marijuana is starting to become legal stop it now befive it's too late
"If you can't run Skyrim at max, just go dig a hole and bury yourself with your xbox, uncultured swine!"
And I thought the subject here would be Apple... silly me...
"""Historically accurate"" Like detonations"
"All we need is hope, and we'll make all the racism and adversity go away then nothing will hold you back"
And you could totally tell that from the video!
Whoa.. Whoa... Its Laker/forum Blue not purple.
I vote straight Republican because I love the fact that they have been trying very hard for several years to restrict minorities from voting.
Problem is though she is a woman.
Castle.
"So glad we released Corban Joseph, then"
"Because Churchill never changed his views over the years, and the worlds the same as it was 70 years ago."
If your dick is female then putting it in a guy isn't homo.
But they allready blocked these sites in Belgium so it is impossible for us to visit them.
Reddit just steals everything from 9gag.
"Why did nobody see this coming,etc."
That's different because it's supernatural.
"""Sandwich maker"" is a common nickname."
"Do I refer to you as ""other"""
If we came from monkeys why are their still monkeys?
Gotta have that future-proofing
Well you gotta obviously take the time to go to the local coffee shop and set up your reading station
Ew.
Probably 0-1-1 in online games
"Girls just love douche bag chads and ignore the nice guys whom would treat them with respect, loyalty, and love."
"Here's hoping you are now an atheist, where we have no excuse at all for being the assholes we are."
wait wasn't Tebow's pass longer?
Your examples of good government corporations like the post office and amtrack are really perauasive on how well and efficient they can be run and at no cost to the tax payer
But the motion blur makes It more realistic
"of course, because those refugees are secretly Muslims that will one day, in about 75 years or so, take over your country, how do you not see that!"
I like the still sanders for president sub because it's 99% posts about hillary bring Satan.
IT'S ME
"Yeah, because Chavez rigging the elections or bullying his opponents is totally out of the question and completely unthinkable."
Remember: information wants to be free!
How they gonna do that when you can't order juice or mods online after the 8th?
"I'm terrible with usernames, who are you again?"
"Of course they'd bring up racism then, cuz white people have all the power"
"Rory ""Bubba Watson"" McIlroy"
"Using someone's sexuality against them, I'm sure you're such a wonderful person"
Way to stereotype an entire subreddit.
"Wow that must have taken years, perhaps decades of searching."
About fucking time.
"Ah yes, out of sight, out of mind."
"Whoa, be careful about giving out your IP address!"
Haha I remember from when I was a mechanic and some asswhipe thought I didn't place the carborator correctly into the exhaust pipe!
Literally unplayable.
Guess they forgot their EG branded Armani suits at home...
Cuz we're fucking saints!
You said something negative about the developing team therefore you must get downvoted
"Colon-hell, what's difficult?"
There you go THINKING again.
Do they?
Because videogames cause violent behavior and violence in other forms of media doesn't.
"""... releasing on other VR platforms that we haven't announced yet..."" Gee, I wonder which they'll release on."
"Yes, I want your organs **toasted in a stick**"
It's called GNU/Linux for a reason!
or FL Studio could be merging with Logic Pro
And you seem to know a lot about servers.
OHHHHH that makes sense
"Bunch of people assaulted the police officers there, but it wasn't really a big deal."
"what are you trying to do, ruin the narrative?"
"Shut up, grandpa!"
99% dt next?
I am glad their government is focusing on making laws concerning important issues such as lonely guinea pigs
"No, all of country music is bad and anyone who listens to it is just pretending."
You dropped your
Are we going to go to Hell for looking at this?
"And a thousand NSA agent's screamed out 'oh no, how will we spy on them now?!'"
VROOM VROOM MOTHERFUCKERS I POWER THIS WHEEL WITH MY MIND
[It's the letters in the word.]
but local elections aren't inspiring
Try Gentoo!
Wow that's so unbelievable!
"I dunno, Bobby Jindal was a Rhodes scholar, so I'm not sure how much weight I'd give that one."
Also news: Sepp Blatter to run for Governor of Illinois
Well technically you can't be a pussy if you threaten to shoot stuff
"Okay, thanks for letting us know that vital information :) Thanks to this article we could all go to sleep knowing there are significantly less antisemites in this world than there were yesterday :D"
"But what about those fat free twizzlers, those are good for me because they are strawberry right?"
They're too busy fixing the game
It's your fault for not healing!
I can buy potatoes cheaper at my local shop
"Don't sleep on ODB, he would've wiped the field in this soft ass league"
I like that the banner image is of Taylor Swift breast.
Maybe they'll send you a care package with a bunch of shirts and stuff like they did with that one guy.
"Feminism is necessary in the Middle East, But America is completely fair and honest, so women have nothing to complain about or fight for over here."
At least the compendium inst an annual thing with pretty predictable results!
"Well, I don't know if I speak for everyone else or not but probably but I am incredibly hot for this guy now."
"You know, I think there is so much more to Pence than just his political face and he probably really likes Donald Dung as a fellow republican, a friend and a human being."
Sound games all the way!
"Thus, we, as men, should choose for them!"
Yeah media will surely think this way too...
"Star Wars had never used movies to sell toys before Disney bought them, they ruined it."
I guess it's time to eat rocks now
Such an articulate reply.
"This kid was white though, wasn't he?"
Ignis is your mother yes.
Never heard of this song before!
I can't wait for everyone to come out of the wood work complaining about it when the Democrats become the obstructionists next year.
"Yeah, fuck them for providing fire departments, keeping our national airspace safe, regulating workplace safety standards, etc."
Just summon 100 mystical scrolls to easily get 1000 points
"Sure, if it's something nice happening then the guy is just practicing his religion but when it's something stupid like this, the guy is just using religion as an excuse."
But we don't even know if OP is Chris or Alex!
Lee Roy over in Cell Block C would have made that in 10 minutes.
They should learn to put them in their mouth and not on their shoulders
I will give you 1 key for it.
they on purposly didnt controll it because it would get more kills that way
The police wouldn't have shot you if you had been innocent.
SPOILER ALERT!
too soon
Are the vandals painting other vehicles that horrible shade of blue or was it just yours?
Because this is a hentai made into a game.
"Yes, yes, the Middle East was very peaceful under Obama, wasn't it!"
"Yeah, you must be fat too."
"Finally, Americans are no longer afraid to call a black person a spade."
LARPing will make an unprecedented comeback with awesome games and hundreds of players that won't be shuffled to the far corners of the con.
Stockholm Syndrome is an awesome song tho
"I don't know I think if they put in some half-baked incestual storyline, intertwined a blonde girlfriend who makes Dexter have ""emotions"", introduced Masuka's daughter, and ended it with Dexter abandoning his son to find his true calling as a lumberjack it would've been **SO** much better."
So it's based on data from 5 games.
I read he above with an
people are gonna have great sleep all over the world
Yeah lets cut taxes more and also raise military spending by double!
No somehow centres today would be able to block a fadeaway that covers half of the lane
Firebat is obviously better at this game
Republican discussions can probably be found under r/whitesupremacy or r/tinfoilhatset or r/makeamericahateagain or r/conspiracytheories
Piss on it yourself.
"Wow, bringing up Obama was totally relevant."
but i thought bale was better than neymar
"""i really want $20mil"""
"Makes sense, I just went on my third shooting spree inspired by getting Edge of Tomorrow on BluRay."
I'm thinking a very large Tim Horton's
Fucking reaction videos
They were using 22's so not quite as loud
Keep riding those clean green coat tails...
"And we are welcomed home by the Spurs on Saturday, joy."
got there by kissing her boss.
Reskinned draugr tombs confirmed
"breaking wards loses visibility so you should downvote, obv."
"If the last 25 years have taught us anything, it's that economists and those at the top of the financial pyramid know what the hell their doing..."
Which is bad for the economy.
"""this guy isn't worth watching cuz i have a bigger penis than he does"""
Oh yeah well the South just felt sorry for you folks and took it easy!
With Apaches waiting for the order to shot you down
Oh my god this is so relevant to my interests.
Good job scooping that up before some impoverished kid got to enjoy it!
But Apple will revolutionize the industry once again
Put a police officer at the finish line and watch him win
Yeah people who speak Patois don't deserve to speak anymore man!
Let's all take a moment and appreciate the level of athleticism in this sport
can we use my teamspeak
Screw you and your happiness :)
on paper any team with a girl on it should lose.
and a reasonable cost of living and ridiculously nice neighbors and having your vote actually matter in the presidential election and access to some of the best hospitals and universities in the country and great food and great farms that drive into the cities to sell their fresh fruits and veggies and jams and yeah i hate it here...
I think the US should DDOS until they get the English flag changed into an American one!
"My rugged good looks, brilliant mind, and charming wit."
Totes magotes!
HE'S A COMMUNIST AND HIS BIRTH CERTIFICATE IS A FORGERY.
"yes, because destroying the means of production that they plan on recapturing is the smarter move."
Wow...way to understand how the world works.
You smug SOB.
He said states not territories.
That's when you go spider stomping!
"Air Force finally giving Navy a run for their money for ""Gayest Branch of the Military"""
Uhhhh... That would be a tobacco water pipe.
Not green enough
"Shall we tell him about Gary and Jill, guys?"
"Well yeah, if you didn't show her the first one she'd be completely lost."
Well... no cause its EA
Someone salty about the use of the word salty identified.
"Clearly sell your home for big money, then move to Minnesota to buy a house 2-3x as big"
I like to think that my 23 points put us over the million mark...
He's clearly just managing the game very well
To get the most out of his PEDs
"*All sexes, shitlord."
It matches the rest of the town.
But it's a lie if you could actually care less while you are saying that you couldn't.
"Remember though, RT is dying folks!"
Haha Lethul cheater confirmed
Maybe they should do what the Skullgirls devs are doing and ask for a team of volunteers.
Simon for Urias.
It must be really easy to accidentally send a picture of your penis.
"No, what else will we make fun of the mormons for?"
"Because a five-justice, radical, right-wing majority was completely fine up until now!"
Oh yeah sure i'm definitely dropping a massive survivability tool to reduce my reload by 30 seconds.
"In his defense, nothing about this post seemed satirical to me, never assume people catch your sarcasm, always add the"
you mean chinese taipeh?
I don't think trimming pubic hairs is all that much work.
I'm sure Mark Hunt vs John Dodson would be a competitive fight....
"That comment was unnecessary, as we all knew what he meant"
"So..... You're saying you slept with the guy who finally fixed your shit, right?"
Congratulations on playing in a pub and clicking m1
Which is why everyone is building huge battery banks.
Get good noob!
"Yes, because that's an integral part of democracy."
use the youtube moneiz
"Well, then it's a good thing they weren't trying to conceal their weapon!"
Excellent line of reasoning there.
"yeah, that vayne pick worked out real well"
"Totally, that is why I bought Gal Civ 3 AND it's DLC for 50% off."
Well at least I can add an I to my Super Bowl LI tattoo.
tell us about the young sex
color me convinced.
How dare you insult my perfect penis!
"Wow, this is a good, quality topic that hasn't been posted before."
The naked guy
"Yeah, because those two question were the only way in which the primaries were rigged."
Convert everything to BFX.
EA has a console?
You mean the guy who gave all those kids autism?
"That Obama, got us again!"
what are you a fucking trump supporter?
What Japan has never done anything wrong.
"He isn't as good as Montana or Brady, so he's fucking useless."
In trouble if you don't add the
Somehow he's guilty of attempted murder after emptying a pistol's 17 round mag at the police...
It's more efficient that way!
all that destruction and no cloud in sight how is this possible?
"Yeah, because scrubs in a 2k pub have exactly the same amount of motivation to win as pro players in an elimination series to go to a fucking major."
He is pushing a pro Egypt agenda.
I for one hate all Germans and want Germany to suffer because they occupied us in WW2.
"Sorry ma, that mole's a dealbreaker"
"You clearly just don't understand his level of intelligence, he is literally enlightened by how intelligent he is."
I always love when men see me as a subhuman who needs to be introduced to manly things like personal finance.
Mike Pence is a bundle of joy.
"No, you see, Obama simply conveys weakness which emboldens the terrorists"
"Yep, it's not like someone's shitty parking might affect anyone else..."
"Yes, cabroken is underwhelming"
Dwayne Bowe is on the Browns?
if that title doesn't win over people to your side of thinking i dont know what will
I thought y'all are tweakers and supposed to be awake?
"Yes, your perfect dream girl will be *delighted* to find out about your drug problem the hard way!"
"They could have simply killed the teacher, why so much jhoomla?"
"That's not fair though, Blizzard has been making games for like 10 years or something."
WV Dems are obviously sexist
... i guess now i understand why people type
Don't worry the market will eventually provide!
"Oh, the humanity...."
It must be some lone nut who has a strong allegiance to the FED....
But... Muh ebin maymays :(
I don't know about you but domestic violence *always* makes me giggle
All hail the Singularity!
"Come on, you guys haven't even won a national title since UCF started playing football, you suck!"
"They were just 20 years ahead of the curve on ""software as a service""."
Another jealous foriener wishing he had his own assualt rifle to kill the terrorisms.
"Yes, for some ***inexplicable*** reason."
"he was sad sk got relegated and like a grown woman, he drawned his tears in ice cream/chocolates?"
"Yes, because abusing women is just so darn funny."
"It's certainly very restrictive that the average American ""can't"" eat dog or cat, right?"
"""RENGAR BROKEN CHAMP NO COUNTERPLAY"""
BRB going to buy a 2015 Les Paul... This shits gonna be like WW2 pennies one day.
I think he forgot his
"Personally... I really don't want 2.4, i finally managed to sleep /eat and spend more time with my family properly... 2.4 will ruin my life =("
It's there job to stop the defense from stopping them though
6) Try revising some biology
Why is Luke here when he's already under the Kylo mask?
FUCK YEAH FUCK THOSE FAGS LETS GO PLAY COD BRO
Just because no one is actually getting better doesnt mean it isnt working.
Justin Williams to the Kings for a top prospect and a 1st
"The kids are distributing weed over the internet, time to shut it down to save the kiddos!"
Obviously it's because you didn't double sleeve them with perfect fits.
Yeah and look how that scrub turned out
"You're so rude for asserting boundaries and limits, OP."
Spoken like true cis scum.
I assume they are planning a mutiny against the white man.
You mean Daniel and Nephi weren't BFFs?
"Because clearly, someone who gave birth to you or adopted you and took care of *just* enough of your needs to keep you alive until you were of age to do so yourself makes her a good person, no matter what horrible things she might have done."
"Old Mother Hubbardd is never wrong, and you're a pussy for offering a counterpoint."
"What country has a flag which says, ""KNOWN TO ANCIENTS""?"
Haha dude it's just a joke Haha!
But... But.... ARE you going to be on Oprah?
Wow this hasn't been said in a while
But did he mention the 3 months it takes to assemble?
How dare you perpetuate the war on Christmas
That's unladylike
Minecraft above a silky smooth 4 fps
but now i can leverage his passive!
"Ya they're last descendants, the elephant are doing well..."
Yeah ofc
Oh boy just what I was waiting for!
"Sure, but can you fold my teeshirts for me?"
"according to typical nova residents, its time to stock up on 20 gallons of milk"
"After careful consideration of the people involved, I think ""psychophant"" is the correct term."
I can't really comment on that before watching the tape.
"Yeah, nothing says libertarian like the income tax."
DelayedArtisticGuppy
"Personally, I can't wait to make a big deal out of people making a big deal out of the subscribe banner."
but it's important for the future tho
He don't need those rapists!
Clearly Chip Kelly only drafted black players so he wouldn't look racist.
I saw boobs with that dick it has ruined my life forever.
The party unity here is so strong.
Dolan does the most Dolanesque thing ever and overrules Phil to amnesty Porzingis.
"Because if you don't have skills, really you *should* starve to death, because you don't really deserve to live.... why pay a living wage to an unskilled worthless person?"
"I'm not racist, but Mexicans are hard workers."
Yeah they bombed themselves right?
"It's piracy, that's why they're losing money."
This xpac will be different!
"But he's not that adorable Jonah Hill child, so he must be addicted to something!"
ERRYTHING THAT'S NOT AT LEAST 9.3 IS SHIT
Because women are weak and helpless and must always be protected
OH NO MISOGYNY ;_;
"Yes, Windows having a restrictive app store would be pretty much equivalent to the holocaust."
"See, this is one of the reasons gun laws are so important to keep just as out founding fathers intended!"
sorry didn't think I needed the
No.
Must be.
it's only genital mutilation if it's done to females in africa.
That's how you know it's real.
Emerald
Found the Sheik/Bayonetta/Corrin/MK/ZSS main
will shitpost more in the future with your name in it e:
Illuminati confirmed
oh noes.
"Yeah, 'cause after this last buff, he needs to do more damage."
"They are praying for our nation, what else do you want from them!"
Islamaphobe!
"Don't you know that weed is natural, but pharmaceutical companies are unnatural and evil?"
Like that matters
"Yep, and your a horrible person because all laws are sacred"
"Yes, because Battlefield 1942, Battlefield Vietnam, and Battlefield 2 were so fast paced!"
Probably Zephyr
"yes, acceleration is fine, pros can react accordingly and stuff."
"But there's still 3% that don't, so until that happens, the verdict's still out!"
"Hey I have a great idea, how about making them wear bands on their shoulder with the cresent and star?"
Rejack
[M] Too bad you're not recognized by them.
"No, he's saying no to bread as in don't be a loaf of bread because that would mean you wouldn't be smart because bread doesn't have a brain and that would mean he's stupid."
"But the Commandante, Socialism, and Che..."
"I mean if you can't afford a Ferrari by your second paycheck you should probably rethink your whole life, right?"
"Yep, I'm sure the media will pick this story right up"
Maybe we need a slimeball coach who only cares about winning
When the rain comes you're gonna look really stupid...
**EVERYTHING** Duh.
oh you mean the massive bloated contract that is going to screw our team over for the next 5 years?
I don't get why we need a whole reply to point out sarcasm... but that's just me
THANKS REFS FOR FUCKING UP ANOTHER ONE!
"Don't make fun of him dude, just look at ALL the facts and you'll see he's obviously right"
That's just insanity.
you're poor because you're lazy!
"Duh, if you live in religion central, why go out of your way to do it on the weekends as well?"
One of the signs that manufacturing is coming back any day now.
"Two brilliant creators of culture exchange poignant thoughts, awe the public with their insight."
It is sad that the people of both countries also think otherwise.
"You know, that gets funnier everytime you say it."
"But all Muslims can speak for each other, right?"
Came here to say this
Never would have guessed Australia would be more restrictive than the US
"Damn, imagine what he'll look like a few years down the line when he's in his early twenties!"
RIGHT WING CONSPIRACIES.
"Woa hold on, it's not like he knew about the secret email system in his office or anything!"
"...but then you can feel all self righteous and superior to Americans when you brag condescendingly about your NHS and *free* healthcare and your *free* education and *free* affordable housing and your *free* everything, isn't that worth every penny?"
"Thats because they are all to busy doing ""world pvp"" outside kara"
"Right, because being afk at Roraii takes sooooo much more attention and skill."
"Nonchalantly throw a blanket at her and say ""let there be warmth!"""
come on guys theyre just doing Jackass isis style lmao
"buddy,"
"Fellow Michigander here, prepare for summer fun next week, followed up by white-out conditions and subzero temperatures with a windchill of -30F the week after :-)."
No way dude fuck that you should be aiming for 250k
SOUNDS LIKE A COUNTRY OF PUSSIES AND QUEERS
I thought every article even remotely related to space or rocketry must mention SpaceX.
I don't knowif I can live in a world like that
You should start some legislation to prevent those feelings of fear!
haha
Brees!
Apparently this needed a
"Isn't bingo starting soon, grandpa?"
I'm on it.
"I'm sorry to offend you, Satan"
"No this just proves his point even more.... Before he could even finish filming his intro to this video, he had black people behind the camera waiting for them to get the fuck out of the way so they could smash that car to pieces."
But it's satire!
Southern ingenuity at its best!
Eternal damnation and torture is fine as long as I'm not in the same real as Justin Bieber!
Just add sphere break!
"Yeah so lame, they should be in full combat gear and body slamming 12 year olds... not relaxing."
Deck list pls?
El banter
Too bad people have that pesky Constitutional right to freely associate with each other.
"So, what did you think of Mad Men?"
actually was about motivating overweight people - it helped them.
Great job making a totally unfounded assumption!
Yea that's probably why the vote went the way it did
Players shouldn't be allowed to pray to their respective Gods on national television either!
a little
maybe its eli
"Apparently, not all that straight."
"Summer casual, to be precise."
Enough to give every person on the planet $22 million
Yeah anyone who calls for nonviolent protests secretly wants there to be no protests at all.
"Yes, because cops can't be human... Burn them all!"
Ive never heard that joke before
Microsoft's just being a bro here and letting people know how insecure Internet Explorer is...
Yes because that's worked before right?
"You're right, guys have it really hard."
"Hey either we win, or we all lose together, its only fair"
Good thing they're praying for the child.
To counter Heimer who heals turrets!
He's just angry over the occupation.
Yea we just shouldn't even bother since it probably won't work.
Wouldn't you just love to live in the wild wild west?
Your telling me Australians don't want to play on my U.S East connection?
"No dude, I am so much more inconvenienced by these posts than the people with the disabilities"
So that must be why microsoft bought rare?
So you're saying new housing is going to open up soon.
Maybe he wants Hillary to pick Elizabeth so he can run for her seat in a Special Election!
Dabu campaigning like a Second Chance hopeful right now
Can't escape the matriarchy.
Authentic Italian workers!
"Bow and pray to the Koch Brothers, you useful idiot!"
Fucking refugees
"Obviously, an expression of love."
I thought IT was about shuttling pulses of data around.
Wasn't stabilized on the way down very well.
Good thing competetive disables that option
"ghost is heavier, so it's at the bottom."
sono in parte neri
Will look good on my IS-4 with full camo crew and gold paintjob.
More checkmarks means its more better.
Yeah but the medicine will just fix it.
"Oh, but don't you know u/Kittenismybaby that God *does* give us free will, but with his omniscience he also knows all possible outcomes from what we may decide to do and magically nudges and adjusts things - in ways we can't even really see or understand - toward particular outcomes based on what choices we have made."
"Nah, league is rigged."
"Yeah I agree with this sub, fuck you for being born later"
No
He's hurt.
"Shhhh....because it isn't supposed to be ""fun"", MMOs are serious business"
How can you guys question the judgement of a man with neck tattoos?
well they did mention his delegates supporting her in the spirit of unity
"Ahh yes, very funny and original"
"This will change everything, I guarantee you that."
Weeds a PED apprently
How many women have been to the moon?
"Phew, that deck was really looking OP."
"JPMorgan blew it up to protect the manipulation, duh."
No this is great advice YOU'RE wrong die scum...
But how did you find the time not to drink?
"""George Boner"" get it ahahhahahah this guy is so funny!"
Check your white cishet privilege
Definitely the funniest thing in this sub
Yes lets encourage this kind of behavior
Adderall.
"Damn you're English and logic makes so much sense, no one could ever be smarter than you"
And the tropius!
"Yeah, New kids on the block were so much better"
I miss Oki Diner on Kauai.
"Tell me your story, I waiting with baited breath."
"Does he also refer to Caucasian rookies as ""athletes"" and African-Americans as ""machines"" and ""animals""?"
"Nice try IRS, It is a matter of time before Ted Cruz becomes president."
That's why it's a prototype
"Well, to be fair, all us heathens actually believe in god/Jesus/ghosty deep down, but we're just angry and so we selfishly deny him."
A blowtorch
Yea no way this guy is a top centre in the league right?
That's why he's been doing sooo badly
"Gadver was een genuanceerde punten allemaal, dat hoort toch niet thuis in een discussie"
But at least you'd be enjoying the high living standards in Somalia.
What a shame
It's the price we pay to live in a civilized society.
Cheap ass French
##**I DON'T READ COMICS...I READ GRAPHIC NOVELS** *extends pinky*
This would have been so much worse if they had been shot with a firearm.
What's the point of getting promoted if you can't bang subordinates?
"Hmmm the r7 250x is an alright choice for that price bracket, but if I were you I'd save a bit of money and go for 3x SLI 980ti's."
Looks like I do have the qualifications to become a rockstar developer
You have to give the daughters parents 3 horses and a bow and arrow before you can have a relationship.
What are you talking about the gust bellows are the worst item in the game.
This is definitely the kind of comment I'm looking for in nsfw subreddit threads.
But it all goes back to Riot in the form of fines
"I can't help with the security check aspect, but I am pretty sure that there is no check for basic road knowledge or driving skill."
shorten the season
Well hey if the wife stayed pregnant at least he wouldn't have had to share his 6-pack.
When will women learn to take responsibility for their actions and just cover up; men just can't control themselves!
Wow the Oilers won something!
"Everybody should be allowed to invest their retirement savings in bitcoin, CMV!"
The issue is Android is superior to all other phones(especially Apple).
YOUR WRONG SO I'M DOWNVOTING YOU
"No gay man has ever dated a woman in order to avoid coming out of the closet, or because they're not totally sure of their own sexuality before."
damnit*
Who gives a shit about this kid when there's karma to be had?
"Well, someone's gotta pay the rent."
Du mangler lige
yeah thanks for your help...
"Ya know, cause everyone else in this thread is a medical professional."
"Great job Nintendo, this definitely helps with the stock issue"
"Nope, cartoon you elitist."
I thought Zelda was a guy.
"Better do as you're told Ameripigs, or else ..."
chloroform
Intelligent Design CONFIRMED
You could always make a new universal package manager I'm sure yours will get picked up and solve the fragmentation problem :^))))
"Can't be supporting his wife, this must be it!"
which is why thousands of european children die year due to eating the kinder egg whole...
But the title blames leftists... so it's your fault.
I don't believe you... Where?
Horray for Tankcraft!
".5% chance of sending you mom to jail, totally worth it for some weed!"
"My team lost, but at least I'm 3 - 0 at the end of the game and got 500 Points."
Cause everyone can just suck it up and make Depression go away right?
Are you trying to say that maybe he belongs to a certain ethnic group?
Yeah man better go vote for Hillary now all is lost
You forgot the
That doesn't sound like an overblown hyperbole what so ever.
"The homeless could watch, like Coogan's Bluff."
Yes because with only 2 candidates it's totally not a circus.
"the true horror experience, starring the wormbilly"
So thats what PhantomLord has been up to
I know I buy all my expensive legacy staples off craigslist...
Some people just don't get the importance of sports
"Yes, because running void missions to sell prime parts for plat requires me using my real money."
THEY STOLE ALL THEIR SONGS FUCK THEM
Maybe we should set quotas and hire based on gender instead of ability
"Don't say that, that would be disrespectful to the Bible by coming first"
"Yes, because millenials are the first generation to think genital humor is funny."
"Yes, but they're all cis white misogynist shitlord sockpuppets."
Internet never forgive...
Repost
"Do you mean to tell me an armed insurrection who's entire political platform is ""We live pretty well, yeah, but we must have the right to unrestricted violence"" *won't* be able to maintain popular domestic and international support, both material and ideological?"
Obviously this is the oppression of the castilians
God dammit gay marriage!
"But I thought GG ""invented"" the sjw term"
but were you behind 9 proxies?
"Uh-huh, so manly (I feel like a beta, oh noes), much wow, gives ALL da ginas tingles, and he isn't a delusional ~~45~~ 15 year old writing porn, nope, not at all."
she looks a lot older than 4 months
"EnglishTM, the only language that matters!"
Because weed is a performance enhancing drug.
You mean winter isn't 15mm of snow falling over half an hour on that one day in November?
You 47% freeloading bastard!
"Oh, I'm so surprised... Shocked, really ..."
All that to get away from the French
"Wait, you don't think a meat dagger is a plausible way to commit murder?"
"No, that's why there are only few posts about the servers being down here."
thank goodness we brought our depth out
It's a synergy between Fistula and Monstro
Bring back 11th elixir
Like if the jags have a line to run.
What a surprise!
Being tall Having strawberry blonde hair Calling it strawberry blonde Not cursing Having actual curves/puberty before everyone else Using lotion Glasses Wearing tasteful stripes Straightening my hair cause everyone knows I have curly hair- I mean why did I try to hide it?
Well obviously you're doing reddit wrong.
Yeah he should just pm Vladimir Putin on facebook.
"Every person is a Muslim, it's just that most don't know it yet!"
omg stop harassing her
Belesky was a bust
PLAY THE GAME RIGHT.
"Meh it will grow back, grass on my lawn does!"
"Yeah, there are so many male protagonists that that doesn't apply to at all."
Mega Blocks cause they're just as good as Legos.
"Yeah, normal mm is for tards"
"Right, that simply never happens in the INFJ forum either."
That's so relevant
"Yes, because putting yourself and others (those in the car with you) at higher risk of accident is worth a minute of travel time."
"you cant say that , Thoorin said it is a bad map."
"WTF, this isn't a pile of boxes"
Because remembering one number is totally the same as remembering the ball flight of all of your opponents shots.
Obviously they're using cloaking technology.
Chobra
But abstinence only education is super effective
Yeah because there is so much activity in this sub that it is impossible to look through the 20 posts made every day.
"Hopefully, we can drive the other titan in the most epic vehicle fight ever."
It is the way we say it.
"Yea, that completely justifies everything it has going for it"
Because not all Japanese companies who trades overseas are large multinational corporates.
Oh I thought you where just a communist.
srry Jews ...the EU forces us to do so.
user data going to the chinese government...
"If it wasn't important, would it be on my Facebook wall?"
"""Clearly you must *not* be human, please use 'normal' measurements to fit our silly system"""
"Hey, they did give a five-second penalty to Nasr, you can't forget that"
I can't write about the whole thing.
"Wow, remember how the Wii failed to sell well because it had a weak GPU?"
Or union organizer.
"Good thing this technology has a background in meticulous, peer reviewed science, otherwise it might be hard to believe."
My bad -
That sure is a knee slapper
"More small, unobtrusive government that respects the liberty of the individual."
I'm glad our country's lawmakers are so knowledgeable about what they make laws prohibiting.
Because Ted Cruz is of course so liberal on immigration!
"Yeah, the color palette of the hero doesn't seem bright enough!"
But they're New Yorkers
Because their plans have made sense so far so they decided for a change of pace.
Good thing he wasn't good enough for Chelsea.
"FH2.. What's ""the crew""?"
"Well if you read it from Disqus chat it is totally true because Disqus chat is the most honest place on the internet, especially when it comes to CSGObetting."
If you win all of them you'll be lucky to get over rank 50 if you're not sponsored by an org
There's still Internet Explorer!
Not Enough
Honest character errbody
You really should not go around putting stickers on other peoples cars.
"Finally, followed through on his apex promise"
What if you dropped it there and did it for karma?
Hahahha so funnny
Yes because having a fuckload of things makes people more inclined to buy them.
Yeah fuck poor people
But BTC-E takes muh credit cards!
"Well there's a Reddit ""circlejerk"" about him so of course he must be terrible."
"I'm sorry, but at least you got a 3tb hard drive and 16gb of ram ram."
*black men don't have dads*
Oh wait I forgot that friends grow on trees
"No dude, A3 is set waaay into the future."
"Of course, Israel and the US never do that."
"I don't see a problem with having just a bunch of gorgeous blonde, blue-eyed, hardworking people either."
"I think we might just look into each other's eyes and fall in love with each other, you don't meet the perfect woman every day after all"
He probably didn't mean that because he doesn't want to play for us
Because FV obviously has the mana to cast two Chronos as well as Refresher.
ah...
Totally unrealistic crash damage.....
Doesn't seem to be a problem now with CSGO
Just start making porn decals if this kind of stuff won't get filtered out.
I think you forgot the
We all know the real culprit... LEGAL COLORADO WEED
"How about the insanely controversial ""gayness"" tests on the anti-gay senators?"
It really is a mystery...
Thanks iWatch!
If they would just start being better we wouldn't have this problem
"Uh, we have a black guy running for president too, isn't that enough for you?"
And people think we will struggle to find someone after Benitez...
"Yeah, that bastard."
"""man, I just have SO MUCH POWER... always flipping my destroyers forehand, I need WAY MORE STABILITY, definitely not cranking it"""
"Because it's impossible that someone could ever say one thing and do another, right?"
"nah, better wait until it falls to 20k"
You must be poor and not able to afford 5$ to buy a 3.5k account?
Were getting System shock 3 so at least well get something... Maybe Half life 3 isnt far off
What's your job?
Yeah a bunch of people shooting guns in a club would have saved lives
"Pay up and don't question, drone."
"It's okay, we're covered by ""Dallas,"" which is nearby."
Glad I just bought it like a week ago.
that's awesome it used to be so hard to kill people
"yeah, this whole computer thing is just a fad and we will laugh in the future as we hand-write letters to each other about how stupid computers were!"
Nah PC did that for you by taking us to triple OT.
"Yeah, because they're a broken family!"
"Yes, because Minnesota's problems started once Freeman came."
Palin 2016!
He just dies in episode 5 if you save him.
Where can I buy one?
"Property damage isn't as bad as life damage, therefore property damage isn't bad!"
"Nah mate, they're just giving away licensed content for free."
"""War never changes"""
"This is all bullshit, lets get back to talking about pizza."
All I can remember from that is that you use hair gel
I'm sure that you are taking that out of context somehow.
Stop crying people he clearly missed.
*looks on amazon*
Yeah but if Romo was in the game the Cardinals wouldn't have stacked.
You forgot this:
"You will, you godless Muslim"
100% balanced
Because eyewitness testimony is the most reliable testimony there is.
She should really start a lifestyle blog so she could slag women to a wider audience.
"""Like Far Cry with tenis."""
"Yeah, because what we need right now is more regressive taxes that disproportionately affect people at lower income brackets."
"Yeah, I remember Ecclisiastes *really* helping me as a depressed teen."
See thats just cuz you don't know how good a liter of cum can taste
Solenoids
outside
Only a true intellectual mind can see beyond the petty playfulness and view the true basic human motive.
Nah mate 18 and 2weeks sounds better.
But he always gets the BEST people.
you just got outplayed by a better player.
Fucking love magical emp attacks that have discretionary targetting.
yeah... but they wouldn't intentionally hurt people financially just to try and increase negative opinion of the law
vp just don't want to face fnatic so they're not trying
"only the kids who *want* to can do it, not the innocent victims!"
"But then that means the they would have to deal with the consequence of someone else's mistake, and that just won't do!"
Sweet attitude.
"That must be an eyesore,I feel sorry for the rich people."
"Gee, his popularity must be incredibly high!"
"Bloody hell... Maybe I wont have to throw out my Radeon HD5450, I guess I'll get to game skyrim ultra 8K 144fps with my $30 video card!"
Maybe she is just using the road cause there's a dude standing in the middle of the sidewalk?
"Yeah, but they have to draw a line somewhere."
**OBVIOUSLY GOOGLE'S FAULT**
At least there's Hot Fuzz and Shaun of the dead to break the flow
That just proves Trump was smart and ahead of his time.
Even they would beat these Lions
"yah, im sure she just fell down the stairs"
"this is reddit, we can't miss anything right?"
Then he forgot
your forgot your
i definitely haven't seen this before
"Yes, we should follow Trump's example and get over it like Trump got over Obama being born in America"
"You're right, they should white wash it so I feel better."
BRITISH MADE CRACK.
E' una portaerei interrata
"Call of Duty has tournaments too, pretty competitive bro"
What a twist!
"So funny, best submission related to the sub ever!"
"Yeah, songs by two of the most influential pop acts in history certainly don't belong, especially when one of the songs is about the overriding power of love and human community"
Yeah weird that he loved his parents who did nothing but love him
Yes every game it will be posted.
me no liek u
empty stat king
That's called business
Better value for money!
i would recommend the
No wonder Lance Storm was a bust.
"I didn't read it all the way, can you get to the point next time?"
Has nothing to do with her reputation
She's clearly hacking!
Thanks for providing the needed information for people to add you.
Conspiracy!
"But it's not about race, because its never about race, right?"
It would explain the rampant Sri Lankan gangs car jacking and terrorising our neighbourhoods.
F1 is not the place for emotions!
Thank god you managed to escape the hell-hole that is modern france!
"GIBE HATS PLS also, you dropped this:"
"Yep, great points, better vote for Trump."
People still play this game?
ya fuck him for helping his sister
America has always had the best Congress money can buy.
player moves crosshair towards the general direction of another player ... must be cheating guys literally no other explaination of it guys ban him valve
I'll happily take him lol
damn terrorists...
"""The walls have ears""?"
Yes cause Oklahoma is landlocked
"How dare they, he earned that!"
I'm sure that the 2 year old is actually a large black man in the disguise of a 2 year old
All you have to do is vote for social democrats like Bernie Sanders and everything will be A-okay
Dont you know that if someone has a steering wheel cover it's because they recently murdered someone?
This is the kind of quality content I come to this sub for.
Another great QA-tested event.
"Well, you've never asked me out."
If it was the gasoline version he would have died in the car accident.
"You don't need aim assist, just drag shot your target like every one else..."
"Except for Marijuana, it cures cancer and even the common cold as well as a plethora of other diseases."
"Craig could bail them out easily, given he's Satoshi and hodl's the private keys to the Genesis block and the other first nine blocks"
I don't believe you.
Thank god you're all lawyers.
Poor price unless it includes a modem.
I should have added
Yes we should just nuke people that's a great idea.
Well it is very hard and skillfull to hit the logout button when you leave the room you know..
amazing how fast justice can be served when its a cop involved.
"And to think, all it took was one deity a day to come up with it."
I think it's great that we still go there.
What the fuck is a nokia?
"Right, and Saudi oil has absolutely no impact on the environment - there's no blood at all there"
So beautiful.
So he can sweep up the center majority no problem then!
"Richard stays alive without a single kill until the last day, and then kill the last person while they are sleeping, what a prick"
So that's how it works in The Last of Us!
"Maybe if you weren't always so emotional just because of a harmless little period, you wouldn't hate the ads so much."
"yes, that is what I meant :) I should have added"
"I didn't realize the employees at Costco who stock shelves, process returns, man the checkout aisles that are being blocked and congested processing hundreds of purchases and returns are not costing the company wages...."
RIP GOD GILIUS
i think i should hack now for a bit to improve game sense
She's very energizing.
"Exclusive fights, extra nps, free premium collectibles... definitely not a pay to win site!"
I pulled 5 peles in one pack today too
No because WoW is a single player RPG.
Its like a gang bro we just like that Insane Clown Posse
Is this 501st approved?
How dare you sully the web with such words!
"Because these people are all cis white misogynist shitlords, of course!"
you were missing a very crucial
Obviously we just need to bring back EAsy Info.
"I just hope they make it so that PvP is all about a war of Vampire vs Werewolf, so it's like TES gets turned into Underworld."
nah bro the distressed look is in
But...but... They made a video with all the memes...How can they not be a good company?
Looks like SRS is upvoting comments again and down voting themselves in an attempt to make redditors look like bigoted assholes.
"Don't you know having a stalker is flattering, and in no way terrifying and horrible?"
"Yeah, whole countries that were in the former Russian Empire would be much better with the, you know, Russian Empire."
"It was time, gosh, is absurd that the main goal of our campaign is being dismissed by those vocal minorities that talk about ethics in journalism."
"Whenever you want to finish inside her, remember the feeling you just got in the pit of your stomach, then do what feels right."
Just another player that can't handle the bright spotlight of LA
Not with the rabid menace of marijuana stalking the countryside.
zomg Doublelift ate a cheeseburger AMA request
dudes its parody therefore exempt from criticism
Just like a real apartment building.
Clearly this is god's wrath since we know only queers and steers live in Texas and steers don't get sick.
Never heard this one before
But I love boston trade scenarios with boogie
You dropped this
And that my friends is why *Junkrat is balanced*
I was mostly just surprised to not see Cup winning legend Randy Carlyle.
This is the sort of forward thinking required to survive from an influx of migrants
"Hey man, this has nothing to do with Islam, it's all because of US foreign policy."
"Yeah, it's like the biggest smile ever!"
Guess some people are just holding back progress.
HAARP... kinda
That video obviously exists then.
You can still enjoy music with your ear lobes cut off.
Buh-buh reddit told me all the media does is try to convince us poor gullible black people that evil whitey is out to get them and racism is totes over!
"Then we could have a giant cage fight, but with bullets!"
Reimer.. Great game again.. Top notch!
but what about people in the army and doctors?
"Nope, Geoff's kind of a huge nerd, but he's also an old guy who likes to mock the things ""kids these days"" like."
Super considerate of him to confirm you were correct in discontinuing the conversation.
I'm not a scholar so I can't say
What if KD is internally sabotaging the warriors on our behalf and is singing with us next year when cp and blake take less money?
Well she's married - technically its 50% her show.
"But everyone knows, it was Liechtenstein."
Because its the Americans commenting and the Europeans up voting.
"Yeah, 6th place in the league is pretty garbage."
Club Penguin is illegal now?
"The places with the most terrorism are also the places with the most muslims, therefore muslims are all terrorists, QED."
#DEFINITELY NOT A CULT
OP if you want a boyfriend i love cheesecakes
If you don't have anything to hide then why wouldn't you want to share....
sorry let me get on the pointless hate circlejerk
Obviously Cartman!
2/10 no Slaughterhouse Five or 1984.
"TIL, the UK is stoning gays to death right now."
TIL money = happiness.
"Wow, who would have thought ""fuck brown people"" would have proved popular in Australia."
"Yea, OP should totally delete his post because he didn't ship all his ingredients from South India."
At least he knows where his bread and butter comes from.
"Bro, if it's not top 5 all time why even release it?"
7.5gb of GDDR5 memory total*
Stereotypes exist for a reason guise
"Wow this guy can't even say, ""radical muslim."""
Another time when he shows how much he hates Bale!
I applaud all of the brave redditors staking their claims at a disappointing premiere
nice script
Clearly you were only there for attention.
"The pyramids were really big boxes then, iirc"
Gasps in surprise!
"""Thank you for sparing my life"""
I wish mine was as big as a Griffin!
Top quality animation
"Nah, the browncoats are just very flush."
"yeah, all he did was sit on his ass for 27 years"
"Silly Italians, there's no tomato sauce on that pizza!"
"Thank you for this life changing advice, my good man!"
What the good chosen people on r politicaldiscussion said it's proof he was putins longtime boyfriend did they lie impossible
Damn bandwagoners...
dayum shox to tsm still cant believe it
Who cares if it's all to protect people?
"Oh yeah, that's much better"
Well he did play with Beagle who was one of the best centers of the league last year.
"oh yeah, giantdad and falchion spamming is really creative and fun pvp"
Git gud
"Yeah, American firms were only handing out bribes."
Thanks caption obvious
#policeharrasment #whitelivesmatter
Good thing he'll be the UNIVERSAL champion then
"Welp, time to beat the Heat with Big Baby!"
Yeah but can you play Killzone at a cinematic 24fps on it?
Kid got good genes
"But it's soooo hard to copy the photo, paste it to Google Images, and find more of it."
If only the community wasn't so against the introduction of microtransactions.
Thanks for providing that stellar source of yours!
"Just like that bitch, Eve!"
Good thing the US has the best medical system in the world...
Third parties do NOT change the outcome of elections...
"Yeah, the BJP is such a saintly party that can do no wrong."
"And all of these skills are super good when omni is level 1, 2, and 3, when ganks are most potent."
"It only *seems* like they're outsmarting him, when actually this is totally what he intended when he wrote the laws because he's perfect."
USING CAPSLOCK MAKES MY POINT MORE VALID
Like Eastenders
"That law is a super-great idea and couldn't possibly be abused, like, 800 different ways."
Get your fucking truth out of here.
I'm sure this looks great on mobile
In the past there was no point in developing the combustion engine because later computers were invented.
Give us back revive and he will see play again
I think we disagree on the rubric of how bonus points should be awarded.
I don't think Galloway still has 15 years left dude...
Since they had the same haircut
"Generational Exceptionalism: my generation thinks &amp; acts with one unified altruistic voice of purity, beauty and hope, while yours and all others are greedy self-dealing psychotic thieves who plundered the world and left it poisoned and barren."
10 hours of commercials in one movie is not a deleted scene.
INFOMERCIALS GET HIGH RATINGS THAN NHL OUTDOOR HOCKEY CONFIRMED
"Nah, we are just the people who walked 15 miles uphill in the pouring rain to clear out summoning stones hours before the raid in the days before locks could summon safely inside the instance."
"I'm not absolutely certain, but doesn't your post violate the ""show, don't tell"" rule?"
"well then, we'll just have to pressure for-profit companies to start doing geological research that's in line with the teachings of ~~Pat Robertson~~Jesus H Christ!"
They should do a straight adaptation of Clone Saga
Yeah he is ok but overall he is a detriment to the offense because of his offensive pass interferences
"No one ever got shot in the face in NYC , they ban guns there"
"lol in high gold if i queue mid/jungle i get those on the reg, had to switch up for mid/top, makes me the happiest man in the world"
"Yup, every single footballer only cares about money and women."
Being mean and saying bad words.
IRON Horde is a form of Horde.
"10/10, would accuse for scripting"
"Yah, i'd rather they gouge other universities' students"
Because reddit is gay
"Yeah he was such a terrible author, writing the top three selling light novel volumes of 2011 that weren't from a series adapted into anime."
Such a white thing to say!
"Yeah there goes Jimmy Carter again, making outrageous statements about things he knows nothing about."
"Just say you're a girl, they'll all huddle around you to protect you from shots and send you friend requests ;)"
"Oh that ""compliment""... our fathers must be twins separated at birth"
"No, it's a leader bike because it is really fast and always at the front of the pack."
"Maz had it for longest, it's hers"
Yeah..
That's a male power fantasy.
Red Ash will be good though!
Obama-ist?
Old blood day is always fun!
Nearly... but no
"Let me guess - six figure salary, homeowner at 25, possibly a country club membership too, and parents wealthy enough that you don't have any student debt / need to plan for retirement?"
"OMG, anyone got a name and source!"
blizzard showing how balanced their maps are
So whats on Mars that the US is trying to keep from the rest of the world?
"Well quite clearly, it's not like there's the legacy of slavery, racist policing, worse economic backgrounds overall due to societal racism, the preschool to prison pipeline or anything!"
no it must be prepare for 3 i know because the others weren't but this one is different
Thanks Pierre
I never believed we needed all those civil liberties anyway.
"No, no, it's OK because he was clearly upper class."
Entertainment?
You're just overreacting.
It's the only good version.
any woman who hasn't had at least 5 god fearing christian children by the age of 21 can be legally murdered
What is wrong with solving violence wit more violence?
2nd biggest country in the world aint remote biiiaaatttchhhh
Good to see you've read the TOS....
But he wasn't issued a family...
Green bird = good Red bird = bad or
Lets give quins sias their life steal back
I was gonna say the iPhone 7s
He was trying to be romantic!
And it's all Bono and Steve Jobs' fault too!
What is wrong with society when we can't even leave nice gifts for our neighbors anymore?
"Guess I'd better pick myself up by my bootstraps then, thanks for the wise words!"
"Oh, you mean our savior that speaks for all of us and got every one of us to raise our ol' stars and bars high above our red roofs so that God himself could see it?"
That's racist!
"Get a new gpu, I suggest the gtx 480"
Yeah but Payet's flashy and good at free kicks so he's better.
"Pretty sure Todd said that all players have to follow the main quest, and they realized that players don't really care about the side quests anyway."
"Ah, RIGHT, the son is the selfish one in this situation!"
Wait a minute.... You have to be wrong because i'm always right
"Michigan already tried this too, worked great the first time!"
I just love the Advertising built into Windows 8.
But he wears dorky glasses
But when guys do it it's okay cause we can't help it or something
Since 2 weeks has passed o shall let it slide.
"Well, we can use a new CVS."
But it's still all republicans fault!
Maybe hes paranoid from the adderall.
Still don't get it.
Something something where is yer northern powerhouse
"[](/galatavi) Same, I put my makeup on every morning."
"Porque, comparado con Obama, Macri sale en la foto como ""el blanco""."
It's the bad grammar that really adds to the credibility of the poster
He is the one who reduces the heavy ammo everytime you die.
I was thinking Basil Hayden's and Bakers represent great value
I'm sure things will clear right up once Hydro One is privatized!
did you try turning it off and on ?
But feminism taught me that fraternities are breeding grounds for misogyny and toxic masculinity!
U mad coz bad.
Very funny orignal definitely not a circlejerk
Yeah I hate that you cant make it obvious that you are being sarcastic.
You know if they were playing the Red Wings that'd be a goalie misconduct penalty.
But don't you see the free market always works out
"FD you took more than 6 months but ""thanks !"""
Why read the article when the title of the post tells the entire story?
What about the G code bruh?
As a Texan I look forward to spending several million tax dollars so our politicians can score points with the far right and have it thrown out in court.
Dev time well spent
O rly we don't do combos anymore?
nice buff to elaina
make a keychain
Might as well shoot your dog's yourself Dave the cops a bullet.
Modern feminism tells us that women choosing to stay at home it's their choice and therefore equally valuable.
"Well he just Brady isn't a lock, so there you go"
You're not a gamer if you're not a PS-gamer!
He and dubi area the equivalent of literally Hitler and the devil.
"Hey, it's Christmas now for the next 2 months!"
MQ-9 Reaper; but what if the drone fires back?
Antimage + spectre + sniper is totally a great lineup for this gamemode!
But I like Gaiden!
It's called Socialism
good to see the whole 40 seconds
"I'm an american, BoG Goku exists and is the current version here, [1 more reason America is better]"
Based on that photo I can *clearly* see that his size led to him physically dominating the other players
What's a girl?
"But no one will need to rent because they can just buy cheap homes.. Right, right?"
"I have this feeling in my gut, I think it's an ulcer OOH OOH DOES THAT MEAN MY JUDAISM IS CONFIRMED NOW?"
Dom takes all the tren
You forgot the
Why the quotes around his middle name?
George Karl doing his best Ty Corbin impersonation tonight.
"KG hade to get 2 other superstars to get a ring, Timmy got a ring alone"
Sell it and buy an iPhone
"lirik wants a bazooka in the game Np, next patch."
That's due to the estrogenic like substances in beer
"Yeah, Rick Perry and Donald Trump and Scott Walker and Jeb Bush are MUCH more intelligent and tech savvy then Hilary Clinton."
Why spend any money on advertising when reddit posts are free?
Have a downvote ;)
Maybe UKIP should put out a list of approved hosts so the BBC doesn't make such a terrible error next time.
But I thought Intel was active in the SJW scene
its a conspiracy!
Ofcourse russians has no right for opinion if it not shares western values
Asia Amore
Nice blogpost
Google has a serious partisan bias!
But that's gentrification!
You thinks its Admirable to fuck people over because its funny?
"Just what we need, Alex Jones to actually say something factual....."
I bet it has absolutely nothing at all to do with that aircraft trail streaming right through it.
I could care less..
Yeah Lov Sak for the French defense
Yeah there is some sort of weird phenomenon where the bad players only end up on your team and not the other team
"Seriously, we get so many gaming events that I don't go to any, because there's so many that I just can't decide."
"No no no, any one that does not have the exact same beliefs as me is uninformed."
Well it WAS her turn
He definitely wasn't from India...
not like policies done 30 or so years ago (and some that continue to day) have any affect on what happens in the future or anything
Reading something that does not fit what they want to see They just ignore it
But Jeb and Clinton are still inevitable tho
"Don't worry, our Forbes 400 richest 'muricans are keeping all our money safe for us and they say they will fund charities to take care of our needs, we don't need no stinking wealth for the people fund."
"Let's see, cops are getting shot left and right, so left fuck with them... Brilliant..."
"Unless it used to be a bank, not interested."
Freedom isn't freedom unless you can grope whomever you want whenever you want.
Right stick ofcourse
"Wait, i thought Hiroshima and Nagasaki were the only cities we bombed?"
ISIS planning immigrant attack on Jewish schools and kindergartens....
Yeah why aren't those damn Chinese giving me free shit?
yeah because a guy or a group of them can't physically overpower me before i get to it
So am I so why not send me nudes?
But the thought the war on drugs stopped all that drug abuse?
Don't give him ideas
yaaaaay taxes...
"We can expect this to explode for the next week via MSM, right?"
Makes sense to me... TF2 is definitely more competitive than CSGO
Wat?
"oh shit, Obama needs to fact check this."
Man Battlefield is so realistic.
in his defence you missed the
"Yeah, because cuteness will maintain the biodiversity like a bush shrew will"
Fouls OKC 18 Spurs 19 DAE REFS SO OP
"I had no idea that the Catholic Church is ""atheistic""!"
Lol.. posting stomps of IM teams totally a big reason to favor Rival in this matchup.
T2/T3 teams are LEM's TIL
Because aggro is the ONLY counter to Jade decks.
LOL yeah thats why we're still here 1400 years bitching about it.
yeah cause they can assassinate someone but can't figure out how to hack into a server
shadow assault
South Koreans come to vote in North Korea because the are jealous of glorious leader and want to join.
It was all your fault!
But think of all the bureaucrats it employs!
"No way, always thought that was a part of ""green energy"""
"He said ""black QB's"""
"Hide yo kids, hide yo wives!"
Yes because catholics are actually isis
Well it must be hardstyle be cause one of the genre tags on the soundcloud page says so.
"Yeah it's a shame we only get one PS4 game, so it'll just be Rocket League."
"Cmon guys it's still everyone knows the client is still in alpha, and for this small indie company is difficult to process so many requests at the same time"
"Cool AMA, brah!"
"This trend of climbing to talk places and acting dangerously, is so cool"
Sure they do.
Justice at last.
Chika is best grill
"It's ok, no one in West Virginia can read it anyways..."
Development Namo style
Lewis hasn't given up on his dream of being a rally driver
"Yeah, because this site runs itself?"
"lol, I hate mormons too because my friends on 4chan do"
"Yes, because the democrats are absolutely out to uphold the first and second amendments."
They're just following department policy brah.
"Tough job, but someone's got to do it"
"Unrealistic photo, you're getting above 30fps"
"oh yeah, i see the peace we have now"
nice eyebrows!
"Yet so many of them don't know the law or break it often just to search someone's car, but hey if they find something its totally justified"
the definition of neato is a hyping over and over and over again that what a guy said before i kicked him because he was wrong but at the end he was right....all we do is hype over and over again now you know the definition of neato ?
5% of the Muslims are giving 99% of the answers obviously.
That's why a striker has never beaten a grappler in the UFC
"[You're absolutely correct, Tim Drake is without a question better than Dick Greyson as a Robin in every way, shape, and form.]"
"You're right, we should quit curing diseases and improving our lives as the benefits go more to rich people than others."
What kind of a communist system is this?
"But Justin Upton has been traded during the rain delay, and he'll hit a walk-off grand slam to send the Mets home winners!"
"That's pretty ableist, we white people have volume too!"
We need a federal law that makes it a felony to send a letter to congress without a return address.
"Fuck ""reality"" and it's liberal bias."
Domestic violence is only a crime for men.
"Yes, let us move the brain to a spot where a gut punch can literally kill you..."
Omg the bomb glitch
The Phantom Menace - literally a war crime
Because if you support Bernie Sanders your life goal is to live the luxurious life of unemployment.
"yeah man one time I fell down and scraped my knee after taking ""acid"", last time I bought from that dealer"
"42 obviously a cx series, amirite?"
It could have been 17
It's emergency air
i'm seven hours late to the comment party lol.
How many?
Apparently everyone on reddit is much healthier and a better parent than you OP.
ja maar alle diertjes :'(
"Yeah, if anything weird is going on in your house like this it has to be a ghost!"
"This is totally the LAPD's fault, because *they* pressed the panic alarm."
Mexico
Should of called him for flopping
"Surely my post about vaccinations causing autism is just 'information' and not harming anyone in any way, i'm helping!"
I won't be satisfied until I know EXACTLY which shirts their team wore!
"No, it is the minority party that is preventing change."
But it's a movement.
But they have different kinds of Nurofen to target the type of pain I'm having!
Similar problem for me... I mean who in their right mind would start Megatron over a prime talent like Devon Bess...
Am I the only one here who really wanted more episodes of Firefly?
"Wait, so Moss didn't have back to back 1000 yard seasons with the Raiders?"
"Oh yeah... Obviously fake tits and a beef-jerky, bony body on a middle-aged woman is SO hot."
Yeah because Islamic women rejecting their religion and rebelling from their family usually works out so well.
Get drunk before playing.
"especially the scaling ones suck in the late game, right ?"
"Yeah, guess I'd need more than this economics degree I have to match wits with an enlightened statist such as yourself."
"Yeah, you can always run them over afterward and get your money back."
Nope everything should work 110% of the time and we should not need their awesome RMA services never ever
"""Yeah but never forget its your white privilege that causes black on black crime."""
Clearly the answer is to make it mandatory to give your opponent a trigger warning before attempting to say good game or shake hands.
I think the slow down upon hit didn't end for C. Falcon since he was slipped from the edge at the same time resulting in the slow falling animation.
That's great news.
Devalues my resting farmer.
"Damn racist Half-Jaw, only glassing Africa"
Le jaguars face.
Let's fuck sometime?
Doesn't matter since it's fiction
TIL Trump is an Anti-Semite
"This is Reddit, stop expressing adult opinions!"
Apparently women are just naturally that way.
What's Vermont?
How did you play a game that came out in 2025?
"But why are they coming here, when we are such an oppressive white supremacist culture according to the SJWs?"
"yeah, nothing makes me happier than a li ming that soaks top lane all game."
"That's 1,930 times the power!"
"Not Exodia, Obelisk, of Slifer, 0/10"
Ah that clears it up
Yeah I bet this thing didn't impose any major risks.
Ask 12 year olds about going to the GYM.
"*ahem* It's ""Shoot enemies to make yourself die"", basically shoot enemies to damage yourself and heal enemies."
"Yes, but I am not telling"
Still sounds kinda lame
This is what happens when you introduce bonds :(
But she has a Chinese sounding name.
I just go and shitpost on reddit about it
"need proof, say your rsn so a Jmod can tell us if the game logs check out with your story"
Why are you infusing logic into the discussion?
I've waited so long for this
But the Coloradoans for Responsible Energy Development had a biologist tell me that fracking is good on the commercial!
That's because it is...
because America is totally ***not*** an ***Imperial*** nation
Just imagine how many Jews you could kill with that thing...
"Well in that case, you must be a troll."
"Looks good for a first time, but thin your paints..."
Was Walters offside though?
And what is his address and social security number?
"Um, if Facebook experts have taught me anything it's that if a dog is wagging it's tail then they are obviously not a threat."
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL never saw this joke before!
He's clearly just choosing not to get laid in order to avoid the chance of having kids
Hitler liked dogs
But God will sort it all out in the next life!
banned for cheating
Hard to tell which ones were for the leadership challenge and which were just the normal background level of anti-Tory death threats.
Wait a second.... You mean to tell me that free on-street parking within a block of my home isn't a constitutionally guaranteed right?
That's a very professional flop.
Perhaps they should crack down on all the legally procured weapons these gang members are purchasing.
The only logical way to combat guns is with more guns.
"You clearly seem to have forgotten how the constitution was built on christian values and the whole ""one nation under god"" and swearing on the bible etc."
"When r/cutefemalecorpses pops up, people are gonna know something is up."
Wow this tournament just keeps on getting stacked and stacked.
spiders... spiders everywhere... the fun... yay.
Is it as under the radar as Goon?
"Fifteen year old kids being fully versed in the ""Rules of War""."
"Dude, I'm logged into newegg and it says $450"
Young'uns don't remember the 3 launcher days ....
Well you see being fat is worse than being a drug addict cuz drug addicts know its bad but still do it while all fat people think big macs are healthy
TIL hand grinders are effective at grinding stuff
"No, but if you buy my new book ""Crippled America,"" you'll find out why the DIRTY CHINESE, MUSLIMS, and ROTTEN RAPIST MEXICANS are preventing you from realizing your green-clad, titan filled wet dreams."
"I picked it up on Blu-Ray for, like, $5."
Harder than a falling elevator
Well hope you had a good life
"Ahem, religion of peace!"
Glad to see they're working all of our nation's most pressing issues.
"Nah dude, pokego can totally read your YouTube data, pick up on images and then react in-game."
Time for Jagex to introduce instakill darts in OSRS so they can get the juicy membership money from you guys!
Noooo it was the Russians
I am sure they will trade the 100$ variant for the 10$ one..
I wondered who NYDN was going to endorse.
Is that why Obama wants to shut it down?
I'm waiting for him to get a haircut before i watch any new videos of his.
Guessing the bonnet will be welded shut so you can't touch it...
What you had the only responsible doctor in North America?
But why should I have to parent my kids when I can just make all of media do it for me.
Because protests always change policies
Maybe add some JJ Abrams-esque lens flares to the old format and call it a day.
NES got it right a b
LOLAJLOSES
"yep, I prefer the juicy juicy drama"
This is TOTALLY not safe for work.
"Yeah, we should let teachers act like cunts as much as they like."
You must be good at typing to write this in your sleep.
"That's it, I'm done with BB."
It's not bad
You can't be racist against whites!
"Good idea, make even more people suffer because of Castro."
Yeah I'd buy 20 Corvette C7's instead.
Just a few cc's of work ethic should do the trick
You leave my aunt outta this!
The what?
"I'm sorry baby, I didn't mean to hurt you... If you'd just listen to me and quit making me so angry."
"Yeah, but its not a *real* superpac!"
You shut your whore mouth!
"Knowing the TO media, I'd say Babcock"
"Perhaps they should tell the other Christians what God really means, because apparently they got it right somehow."
"Fuck off bitch, I'm Slav masterrace don't clump me in with those Gauls or fucking Anglo-Saxons."
b-b-but my next-gen console got GTA V.....
WE NEED SOME FUCKING FRENCHCOREEEE
"judging by yours downvotes, it looks like people did not took your"
"right, because the seahawks were a model of health all season."
"Um, its pronounced ""caw-bree-olay"", and i actually like the 996 headlights"
"Invest in lead, globalism won't go out quietly."
Really good argument
"""I know you are, but what am I!?"""
"Play Katarina, you can win games using your forehead."
lol well that's a pretty bad example because wrestling is real friend
"Well at least it went down on the weekend when nobody would be watching so, there's that."
That's racist!
"""I don't like the religion of Islam"" Such a bold stance to take in America these days..."
"Yeah, the Salon articles that make it to the top are much better."
I forgot Donald Trump was poor before 1999.
Nah bro it's cool she's just like 9 ft tall.
Because Patriarchy
"Please refrain from swearing, there are kids on here!"
You can't be sexist to men
"But don't you know, SJWs can't be prejudiced or biased"
He said exactly
"If by some super, super slim chance Bernie wins, he better invite Cornel to the inauguration ball, or there will be hell to pay"
Better than console!
"Yes, we all know megaminx has sides so it's a 5x5"
"Hopes and dreams, hopes and dreams"
i believe that is still under debate
Shouldve been romo
Hope you meant to use
"But since we have no universal healthcare then increasing incidence of disease only hurts the individuals who get sick, not the system as a whole, so why should I care?"
I bet Elon doesn't even give him an employee discount!
Because we are the ones that matter.
Molson wouldn't do that!
Amusing Trolls are amusing
Im sure they will take care of that along w/ lame Quickscoping....
I can't wait for Kentucky to become Jesusland!
As expected from the richest country on the planet.
Just like soldiers' deaths are meaningless because they are paid to die?
But they surrendered!
sick aim
"Yeah, #imwithher clearly communicated a group, rather than personal goal."
So like every other inning...
bless your heart
Why not just put a chair on the sidewalk so nobody walks there?
Senseless violence is exactly what Thief is about.
traded for Mike Trout
Real dogs have curves
If only you had no called Ronan names man...if only.
But kung fu will help you to defend yourself
"Yeah, but that's when the Stockholm Syndrome kicks in."
It's called 300
Yeah that headset wouldn't be disgusting almost immediately at all!
Let's enjoy the media rampantly speculating for us over the coming weeks!
"Yes, kids should not be involved in any activities that they won't remember when they grow up."
"They're pronounced ""may-mays"" and I'll *thank* you to remember that."
Man success is such a bitch
I'm sure this is 100% legit
Krzysztof Kieslowski too.
But that's the whole point in playing games!
TIL the fairpark is downtown.
This
omg they're gonna trade him!
"Yea damn that classless, moneyless, stateless society hitler developed."
"Yeah, those refs always have it in for GSW..."
"Yeah, I'm sure when you're getting talked down to, sexually harassed, or passed over for a promotion, people are totally going to check your personal history for any periods where you held male privilege."
"She'll be legal here in the UK, so his sentence seems less bad to me"
shucks
"well, seems Hindu fanatics are following Pakistan's plan and helping their agenda.. Ye dushman desh ki saazish hai,.... aur hum usmein unki maddat karenge..."
"Totally legit, they were leaked."
Wil has that all important burst required to get the 1 yard
And the true reason for our evil master plan behind exiting the Kyoto Protocol becomes evident!
That makes it better.
To priest
It was built as the proof if concept for an aircraft carrier.
Black men don't count.
Better to just label him a murderer before he can argue his self-defense claim before a court.
I don't know about you guys but I'm really looking forward to $150/mo 50mbps service with 250gb data caps.
"but she needs to take a break from all that, after all she knows her toddlers are able to handle things themselves at home alone with sesame street on a loop."
Not like they know how to land or anything.
That and a 99 summoning requirement.
Giggidy Giggidy Giggidy
I mean he did approach with a Side-B
"Yes, humping them pumps them up like a balloon."
"Oh,"
OMG YOU STUPID NOOB I HATE YOU THIS ISNT HOW THIS WORKS YOU ARE SO DUMB GOML IM REPORTING YOU PUTTING U IN MY CRINGE COMPILATION BECAUSE BEING A RUDE ELITIST JERK WILL TOTALLY TEACH TOONS HOW TO PROPERLY DO THINGS EXPLAINING AND REASONING IS FOR WUSSIES
Stop killing babies.
Yes you do I hate you and I want you out of my game!
"No fix for Rengar's Bola, keep it up Riot!"
BUT DIDN'T YOU SEE HIS FACE AFTER THE LOTTERY
Definitely didn't steal their name from Worthwhile.
Relax guys it's only the Vikings.
lower quality please
Because that tactic was *so* effective on the results of Brexit
Doesnt matter because you cant see more than 24fps.
"Yeah, those children should buy plane tickets back to where they came from!"
"No it's not, it's the best melee weapon in-game!"
Happened in the previous govt.
"Exactly, no longer should i be forced to speak English, America for the (native) Americans!"
"But remember, if you don't get callbacks, it's all your fault because your experience isn't enough for the job."
Another win for the patriarchy
"Yeah, but he blew her the fuck out in the debate and going to the Vatican will win him all the Catholic votes since that's how Catholics function so he's going to win New York easily."
It's only 40 lbs bro
You forgot the
"I mean, they invented oats."
Who's Winter?
I thought it was all about execution
How could the police possibly know that the needed to concentrate their patrols on Bourbon St?
I'm surprised he submitted a score with under 100% accuracy
It's because you have to use movie magic to make it look bigger than everyone else.
Because punks burn stuff
We should just build huge air conditioners and put them along highways and stuff to cool down the earth!
TL;DR: Let's wait until nobody talks about it then run the CBLoL with the irregular team.
"Yeah man, that Cadiz, waste of a summon."
"Well obviously because liberals are trying to preserve separation of church and state, we really want to do the exact opposite but with Muslims because that's super consistent with reality and the how we want women to be treated equally."
I'm sure he hated it.
Thanks Frank [now go look for your wife]
STOP BEING AN ANTI-BITCOON TROLL.
"But that gives faster drives for all my ships, doesn't it?"
Just jam in some Japanese text and some English word like mystery and youre good to go
"Somehow, some way this is America's fault."
But how will this effect the meta?
do u think its good idea to joke about Child Porn?
It's okay to be paranoid when people are out to get you
"Neither is Iran and that's according to all US and Israeli intelligence agencies, but keep on spreading false information, the more you repeat it the more chances it becomes true"
Thanks for reposting my post.
Has the verminator got connections in Brussels?
So the errors cancel out and the data is correct.
"Yea, especially with their games against Fnatic, TongFu, and Orange."
oh hello ladies
TXIV and TXV hype !
He was fired at Auburn and came to be our OC
didn't think i needed the
"Yah, legitimate danger has to be present at a real metal concert."
"But society has kept telling me that all men are child molesters, how can we let them take care of children?"
I like the cover up cough... Smooth.
"""Excuse me ladies, the men were talking"""
"Yes, this will totally happen."
Maybe if they had a QB and offense like the Colts the Seahawks could finally be competitive
"It's only like -2 outside, tossyourjacket is just soft"
More like new flags to burn amirite?
At least it was real
Please tell me you forgot the
DOESN'T MISSISSAUGA DESERVE A SUBWAYS SUBWAYS SUBWAYS?
Maybe op's hand actually look like that
Most likely true
Duck Dynasty is in West Monroe... Because crossing the river makes a huge difference
"They probably offer such great benefits because they don't pay 70% of their employees much money, since women get paid less, right?"
10/10 comparison
Got to love when people actually answer OPs question like you.
Just another shill trying to... Correct the record!
It was in Modern Masters 2015 so it must be modern playable
Either way we just got super lucky in round one with penalties and injuries so we're gonna lose.
Well that's the sort of glowing endorsement Trump needs to turn this dumpster fire around!
Look for the tribe with the spawned in turrets :P
German people were victims of the Nazis too!
Nacho Ambriz.
Yeah they would be so peaceful without Israel
"Yeah, because advertisers aren't known for being intrusive and unrelenting or anything."
"I hear you, mine is only nine inches so I'm kind of self conscious."
Im all about the money.
Well I imagine it's easy for a lizard person to live off of $1.50 a day.
"Scooby isn't a drunken peasant, everyone knows he lives in TJs shadow."
But Vermont makes it so attractive for businesses to move there!
"You herd it here, gais, women love being objectified!"
Those high quality Republican candidates coming through to clean up government again.
Great baseball discussion guys... really contributing here...
But then how does the girlfriend get in?
No wonder the OG Galaxy Vibrant S left a bad taste in my mouth
I pride myself on my ability to do so.
"i mustve invented how to breathe, i mean ive done it since i was born, i didnt know it wouldve been this big"
"You don't understand, they were in vacation!"
you missed the invisible
"Yeah, because France, the US, and Australia don't have any human rights violations"
"Yeah but at the same time they were all ""rigged"" against him."
I literally see no difference between the two names.
Not on star players
Conor McGregor
"I was about to say, as a jeep driver this title offends me..."
Socialist!
"A country that contributes to the South Korean economy, doesn't have any military bases in the country (unlike US), and desires peaceful North-South reconciliation (unlike US) is obviously a bully"
Forgive us your excellency for not being perfect and being regular mortals.
How do you know they just didn't mount a plow on a bicycle?
"Jesus added further: ""That Phoenix team is totally gay, what a bunch of fags."""
Better build a wall!
You forgot the
Because it's not le true STEMTM amirite?
"Wow, your spelling and grammar is appalling."
And everyone knows it's Pound Syndrome and Downtown.
Nuh uh cuz she says it's not!
That's a lot of space for just the Koran
Oh the horror
That is supports job.
"of course its suspect, its obvious a false flag arson by poor people."
Sounds like the islamic state needs a living wage.
"Yeah, it's such a shame that after making a string of bad games they would end the franchise."
Riftwalk VIP
hahah one can only hope
"But it's straight from Planned Parenthood, dumbass!"
"No, he just disagrees."
Damn aimbot users...
Only because they'd be confident of beating them.
TIL Korea happened between WW1 and WW2
"Nothing says trans people are normal, productive members of society like nounself pronouns."
Don't you mean Roy from challenge finders?
How helpful.
"Yeah, leveling should be the most grueling experience and if you don't like your class then deal with it"
cpcs meme team assemble
So excited about this service improvement.
Then tell the tide to turn back out to sea.
I think we found the feminist
Don't you mean (sqrt(5) + 1) / 2?
First time I've seen this on here
This is why we need to get started on that wall right now.
Filthy casual
"I've never met any Caribs or Haitians, but I'm pretty sure that's not what they sound like"
"Im surprised they didn't use the term ""bikephobic"" seeing as how phobia is such a rampant problem in todays world."
"No, this is sarcasm"
Those Netherlanders are known for their dislike of the coloreds
"Jaques, naturally..."
Ye that's top cass mate tell him i said hi and he has amazing skill
"Wow now, don't be such a racist."
"He's such a horrible guy, it's easy to see why everyone hates him."
he was just trying to feed his kids.
Islam khatre mein hain
Mental illnesses are definitely cringeworthy.
"or keep a pipe in the trunk, but also keep some fittings and a hard hat then you can say you're an amateur plumber to defend your road rage"
Its Meeeh 3/10
Cause he got SOURCES
"But comments full of puns we've all seen thousands of times deserve to be the top comment every time, right?"
"that's a pretty shitty opinion, shitlord."
"Yeah I know, I know, you guys get graphics so just mind your own business!"
At least 1m or it's crap!
I love my shitbox with my fartcan
Guardiola to coach Mexico National Team confirmed!
I was playing MGSV Metal Gear Solid V: TPP Mission #11 Spoiler [I would recruit the sniper chick instead of killing her]
I give up on gaming if this doesn't get 10s across the board
Rocket propelled grenade.
"But dude, why should I do cardio when I'm totally out of breath and my heart is racing from 5x5 squats every day?"
Well that's because women usually have at least 3 faces :)
2/10 would not bang
No he would've gotten a 0/8 and drawn a card if he purified it
Such a melting pot they are.
Literally the love child of Magic Johnson and Ray Allen with some European flair.
"And that my friends, is how Ronaldinho ended up with Melbourne City"
Please be less specific.
"Thanks, Red Cross!"
"Yeah, I reported all of you to the Islamic state"
Like most of Americans
You mean Canada and Mexico aren't states yet?
I would type a reply but I'm too busy being murdered by black people
Is pizza already on here?
I sure feel a lot safer knowing that this CRIMINAL will be behind bars!
So you're saying they failed to install all recent Adobe updates to their PC?
"C'mon OP, these people obviously know more about your child's situation than you do."
Markets distribute resources efficiently.
TIL Geo hates her friends.
You know your not actually supposed to eat it.
Think you forgot this
You can tell he's really black because he uses as many racist stereotypes as he can fit into a single post.
to stop idiots from accessing endgame content and ruining other's experiences.
Well.. Cavs had Bynum
because nothing Jesus does is symbolic
But the steak I ate came from a cow that drank water so it is a water fast right?
"pshhh, I can do that in my sleep"
Because there's never any hypocrisy in Hillary's campaign?
The Star Wars prequels are a great example
Fucking finally!
Zag het net... Ik ben in een gulle bui
"You can play coldlight oracle, heal up there acolytes and ping them for 1 to overdraw them"
Ferrari makes a V6?
You plebs are talking about H2A armor being best while you fucking defeners don't realize Halo CE has the best fucking armor NA.
He should use turbotax.
"As long as the president pronounces it as ""Gutter"" like GWB did."
"Yeah, his kidney is totally at risk for being lacerated again since it already happened."
Stefan321 looks normal to me
Well I guess China's got no talent!
I can't believe they never advertise Diet Coke.
"GREAT JOKE, MAN."
Because there is a gang mentality that has systemically taken over the world's hockey culture.
I'm shocked!
There is a Fourth Amendment exemption for Clayton County and all of its municipalities.
Sounds like something that dirty church of atheism must be up to
right...we all know the mexican illegal immigrants turned america into a thirdworld dump
Bogan is a way of life
"ALL INTJs are concerned about your welfare, coz obviously we know better"
Magic the Gathering Online
"Right, because everything works straight out of the box with Linux and Linux updates never break anything."
Yeah but it makes the Universities more diverse and a better experience for all students!
"Man, I wish Imp Gang Boss had better stats so I'd play it"
"Yeah I sure hate my phone who can last 2 days with medium usage, that 7500 mah battery is so heavy and disgusting"
That's an amazing stat considering this game is dying so fast.
You obviously haven't heard of Rustoleum pain!
...Gurley?
great ideas don't get implemented.
LeBron immediately refuses to pass Delly the ball
"Obama is a Muslim, idiot."
"Fear is a great motivator, never ends in tragedy."
"To be fair, it was for her balcony, and that is a seriously hard place to decorate."
I think you forgot a
Not worth it.
this is boring and hopefully won't last long
Which is something you *really* want to do on a laptop with low battery.
"Yes, but which ones?"
Because all mothers have bellies like that.
"wheels*, 4 of them...on her skull"
"Yeah, and if the baby doesn't care, it's totally hygienic!"
"Guys, karthus' passive gives him time after death to do cast and do damage, it doesn't even require work"
"Don't force gender stereotypes on game characters, man."
"You're right, social stigma is so much worse than massive debt."
It looks so professional how could it be fake?
Um excuse me but i think you called the things people
"Wow, he even dressed like uncle Sam, how cool."
Because you choose to be on life support
These people are so nice.
Oh Nooooooooo... pls no pls...
Who could have seen this coming?
"So sounds pretty easy to give them a ""rough ride"" that way - I bet no one ever does that though"
But he doesn't know much.
Why do this because you should buy a consoles just for great exclusives like this
Hype Cancelling
but that would tell the enemy that you are using karthus ult
"To motorboat, duh."
"Yeah, why sell irrationality short?"
The driver was at fault when he failed to obey the commands given to him by those with more guns than him.
Because it's that simple lol
About 84% of statistics are made up.
"Those aren't animals, they're food."
"I was about to say something, then I saw the flair - checks out"
I can see you know a lot about pre-colonial African history.
oh and here come the war profiteer corporate stooges trying to demonize the peoples hero
"Yeah, without them, nobody would have figured out the algebra that we teach to 9th graders."
Well I guess murica doesn't have anything other than idiots and criminals then..
Clap clap not
"How about we remove the split between the sexes in sports, that would make it the most ""fair."""
clearly we should punish them for their incompetence - their intent left a victim just as if they had succeeded and obviously a brilliant mind like that is such a danger to society- cuz of their intent.
You got splinters from sitting on the fence there?
Ya dirty homer!
Silence you worthless cis being...
Isn't there an app for that?
"Ahem... Those girls aren't fat, they're curvy and that makes them ""real""....which makes skinny girls fake ass bitches."
"Probably an unpopular opinion, but I actually like Sips."
He totally meant that
The future sure is bright
50 shades of grey
Yeah because it's not like the group of bikers was ever going to attack the driver or his family.
More manipulation from the leftist MSM!
"""Poor people should just buy more expensive stuff"" sounded like a good solution to me"
is no sexism if be true gaiz
"Of course not, everybody loves everybody."
Why not a pallet?
Isn't he touchdown dependent though?
"Bro, applying ancap principles to literally everything has sent my SMV through the roof!"
Well we already have three different Mario's
"But John Calvin said there were enough pieces of the Cross to build a ship, and he had absolutely no reason to lie about that whatsoever!"
"So original, I bet you even took the photo yourself!"
"""TH6 here"" Hah, peasant."
Just be confident bro!
They do on Google reviews.....
"No, they are in India, dirty air is a given."
They clearly reprogrammed the AI to do this exact thing while they waited for wave 5 to come so they can do this sweet trick for Internet points.
Haha sorry I forgot the
pussies
"B-but, but it doesn't have a torpedo or astromech slot!"
"Hiko, Snax, Flusha, JW, Semphis (good fat, got skinny sucks) **EDIT**"
Ma bucur ca ne multumim cu atata
a ethical news media at it's finest
FPH WAS RIGHT!
"Considering that they have got it from a free download on Interweb, it works rather well."
Why's it always take him so long?
So could 'Half life 3'
Needs some hershey's syrup.
Might catch the gay.
Such a quality post
Fucking deserved it.
"reALLy sWeG, ThaT's WhaT"
But murderers and rapists were just abused as children and only need hugs and they will rehabilitate.
"Yes, Because china clearly is very unregulated country were the goverment had no control over the economy"
Classy!
"Oh so you know about the ""exclusive offer for you"" before you get it?"
5childish7me
Raking in the self post karma
"No, it's Superman!"
yeah dude first responders are totally out to squeeze every dollar out of medical emergencies
"Thank god you're an Edihad billboard now, fucking old times."
"Yeah, the DNC has totally been favoring HRC in the general as well, so it's clearly rigged for her"
no link?
B&amp;E
"lol that story never happened...Trump supporters would have accepted the results with class and dignity, just like they keep saying these ""paid protesters"" should be doing."
His w is so useless
Yeah cuz all you need are a couple superstars and you're good
Why did you go during the crappie season and not the good season?
Which is why the highly taxed 1950s was such a slow period of growth for the United States.
Clearly because NASA didn't want to waste batteries.
Like Goldwater is?
"Well, men are unelectable if they wear magenta or lack mesquite-clearing acumen, and women are unelectable if their hair isn't shimmery enough or their face cannot be ""solved"" through botox."
You guys did nothing to address your defense though!
Proof.
"No, that card is an object"
Yep those pro players are MG1
"Wow, so kind of him to ask first."
And if we disagree it's because we're antisemites.
I love that the mechanics are so well documented.
"Well something must have happened before the video starts that shows the cammer pissed off the other driver...... So, cammers fault."
"But it's a Nolan-esque take of the material, almost unrecognizable from the original series!"
Of course
"Wait, it's called the FREEDOM act, that means its what libertarians want right?"
i forgot my
I made a meme :D
You dropped a
Well the make money and I'm poor and bitter so they are the antichrist.
"But of course we have the argument from morality, the indisputable resurrection and the changed lives!"
His son and himself ?
"Yeah, I always tell that to the MG players aswell when I smurf."
All I've seen on the news is Anjem Choudary who is just the most shining example of our religion
"we understand that you want to play AP blitzcrank mid, but your team doesn't want you to play AP blitzcrank mid"
You should see a doctor if you can't successfully aim your pee into the bowl.
You must be an Aries.
"Ah yes, clearly what I thought was harassment was just an array of lovely suitors!"
Overcame it without any help from anyone I am sure
"[the sandking is so big that whenever it goes out of my garage, the roof of the car scrapes along the ceiling]"
I think you dropped this
Android
DAE know bae means shit lol
Isn't this memes title popular opinion puffin?
Clear evidence right there of true white supremacy...
But NOAReggie said it was today!
Gee it's good our system has the structure to make this an issue.
"GOD, POKEMON SUCKS, GET A LIFE, NERDS"
"badmins can't get flair right, I'm going back to civcraft."
"Hey, segregation saved all those poor white people from those nasty black people in the past, why not extend this ideology?"
That's not lore friendly
How surprising to see HSBC in there
May english Tetcher cudnt speack english
Maybe Ulysses just foresaw what she was going to say?
"I too disagree with minimum wage, that way we can properly keep poor people poor"
"Nonono we learnt from earlier patches that it causes the game to snowball way too early, makes junglers OP and breaks the game."
"Imgur comments on point, as always"
"Two solid hits on one bullet-one shot, that's what I call gun-control."
Rajon Rondo in Blake Griffin's body with Carmelo Anthony's athleticism
The lack of Zelban is jarring
Its just the market dictating wages.
"OP, I think you dropped your"
They bought the World Cup fair and square though.
Yeah that's never been done in a movie before.
It takes a lot of effort to copy and paste the same comment to every single thread about Worlds.
Or we are all just so equally secondly good that we beat each other
"No you're wrong, the white suburban college kids that have never left their own states are right, those brown fucks are worse than scum."
"Sorry being a chemist wasn't what made him the authority, it was him being a teacher."
I bet that tow driver *really* enjoyed getting that smoldering turd on and off his truck.
Well links to that would be appreciated as well
I think the frame rate drops are there to make sure that you really get the chance to take in the looks of this new area.
It can if you give it a conservative storyline
"Slugs don't have blood, they're just inflated with slime"
Sounds like someone has MM Dark Confidants
"STFU and stay in your lane, cracker"
"Well of he loves you, you have to do what he says."
"I buy Nike shoes, because I love paying $100+ to be a free billboard!"
Because you are obviously a massive cunt if you aren't a yuppie.
Damn Curry only had 5 points and is an MVP candidate?
"Yeah, if there's one group of people the media hasn't attacked at ALL, it's Muslims."
3x evilswarm monsters 2x searchable lance 20x trap cards
Any openings at your office?
"They have a black friend and like Ben Carson, can't be racist!"
"I could be D1 but it's the feeder noobs that hold me back, 1v1 me boxbox"
You just turned it into PUA material... and PUA's are misogynists!
Damn Jetpackers
TIL Salary = Unfixed amount of money earned yearly
So much goddamn waiting!
Surely there is a more expensive product than soap that the OP could buy though?
Cause all teaparty supporters want to kill the president and hate gays
"If George Takei doesn't compromise on blueberries, why should anyone else?"
Of course Thomas Davis does.
"Yep, because the death penalty has done so much to prevent murders."
"Of course it is, we can't have discourse on this sub"
I love when even my beer drinking activities get wrapped up in politics.
"poor sod, his sons a fag"
Fuck you ezscape noob go back to rs3 if you want your ge
VOTING FOR THE PARTY OF THE PEACE LOVING BIJI'S
Light nsfw-ish.
Casual
"10/10 Boss mechanics, **BUT FIXING PETS NOT HAVING HP BARS WAS MORE IMPORTANT**"
They should probably cut him.
Whose fault is it for living in Canada then eh?
"You're entitled to be born, from then on you're on your own."
I honestly think he needs another year to prove himself.
Well the English unit system is supervisor to si.
God damnit no you can't you nigger chink
No Heating
But both parties are the same... -.-;
"What are you talking about, moments before Worlds is the best time to 'experiment' with Morde!"
"Posting personal information...great, now the mods are going to frontpage another blog post chewing us out about it"
Because obviously if she is then the roommate is less of a jerk!
Am train driver; can confirm.
ALL CHANGES AND BALANCE ARE BASED AROUND THE PRO SCENE IF YOU'RE NOT GETTING PAID TO PLAY YOUR EXPERIENCE DOESN'T MATTER
"Maar de reizigers kunnen gewoon met zn 20en in het gangpad staan voor dezelfde prijs als een zitplek, dat kun je je personeel toch niet aandoen."
Classic nurse
Maybe if he had robbed a store before people would care
Exactly 72NOK per text no matter which carrier and no matter which phone number gets texted and no matter what kind of text it is.
I'd almost say he flies a bit too much
"Yea, you shoot them from a cannon in barbarian assault."
_FOREBODEN_
Yeah supplies cost keeps crashing...
When white Americans specify their heritage it's seen as superfluous and unnecessary but when non-white Americans do it's okay because how else are we supposed what kind of different they are?
GOOD LEAVE YOU FAT PIECE OF GARBAGE!
"Duh, make sure to get to know me, I'm the most influential power-user here on this sub ;)"
"Yeah, those pesky Hispanics and their changing last names"
OP wants to make America great again.
Dez with his 401 yards definitely deserved a final edition
Let's proceed to dismantle all civil rights now!
You mean it wasn't *always* free?
BLM doesn't even address the thousands dying of famine in North Korea
But... but... but... Clinton foundation....
No one likes a quitter.
But which one are you?
"Yeah, it takes a lot of bravery to admit you own a gun in Texas."
I for one love the World War Z wall pile up mechanic
well that's a meaningful statistic
Ranks above LE aren't achievable for NA anymore after update.
But I can't afford to drive something nice that has things I like so fuck him he is a huge douchebag.
But when I build MR I deal less damagesss :(.
Oh dear
"cuz that totes matters, oh god someone might search my stats on DA :0"
"Because that's appropriating from some unknown minority, and we can't have that."
Just as emotional as every dog greeting a returning soldier.
Have the ACC schedule the CG in a dome like the rest of us intelligent conferences
You really think Shaqiri will relegate them?
"Oh, I thought we were absolutely safe!"
All those British people wishing police would start carrying guns!
Relocate to buffalo
Someone already made this post mate
It starts and ends with me refusing to use
Just think now with the addition of Uber they can shift some blame to them now!
Stephen Fry?
"Not only are we decorating for Christmas too early, we have people caroling a month before too."
Eradicate people who can't use grammar correctly
"OP is clearly hacker, Massive plz nerf."
White lives matter too!
This means Landeskog is getting traded
I'm allergic to soup.
"I don't, because I am a Real Man.TM"
Yeah just play some wrong notes every once in a while.
This is better though.
With the taken king about to drop its the perfect time!
Yeah the Onion is too well known and popular thus it does not belong on Reddit!
I wonder how many people he hit
I didn't realize high school was only one year now!
Yay ascension is coming back!
I'm feeling a Nicaragua vibe from this season.
God called dibs on rainbows stupid faggots
"For me, is a genius, for you, also a genius... But for a genius, he's no genius..."
I don't know what you are talking about.
It's really economical to love these veterans apparently...
Ha ha ha
It isn't hard to make some reddit bots
"Ooh, we could probably use something like that to fix the gays too!"
Let's not forget the written reprimand the officers received in their permanent records.
"Yeah, math sucks!"
"Well obviously these statistics just don't take into account that ""patriarchal control"" is emotional abuse and violence so really the male is initiating the violence.... gawd"
Fire/Fighting
"You could just buy it again, because you know , eventually you're gonna run out of storage..."
"Mass littering, awesome."
"Of course it's ""maddening"" and ""political""... taxes are for poor people and small businesses that can't afford an army of accountants and lawyers."
"But everyone mains Falcon, so it doesn't count"
"Haha, yeah I'm such an asshole I guess...."
Yeah.. all those Total War SUCK!
Not even in the top ten of most dangerous jobs.
"Yeah, but the writing is incredibly engaging."
"Yeah, totally worth the risk of killing people."
Dick trumps everything.
No but don't you realize we can only solve one important problem at a time
"Welp, continue bitching and moaning about how awesome and obviously safe the new separated bike lane on Broadway is, you know, the one we all voted in favor of."
Because I was totally advocating just that
Checkmate atheists.
"..I know, shame those serial killers have to endure ~0-2 minutes of suffering"
"Yeah, I moved from Mountain View, CA to New Orleans, LA."
I thought Fox News was responsible for Egypt.
"Yes, because her husband is the only one who preforms wearing suits and styled hair."
Visit thrift stores and use 12 cassette recorders?
Isn't he coaching the power play now?
Just speciesist.
Sure we can
"Not even top 100, pshaw!"
SPOILER [warning]
"Even better, 3 layers of titanium!"
He`s starting to hit these freekicks like he`s Gareth Bale
"Simple, you just write a real time profanity/nudity/gore detection algorithm that will watch all wow streams simultaneously."
"Fake, PC gamers have no friends."
EA is Unamerican
"I'm glad there's an expert on government trust trends in this comment chain, otherwise people might blindly speculate and fearmonger."
"Good old murica, fuck yeah"
"So installare wordpress, dici che posso fare l'application?"
"Naturally this is nothing new, the fashion industry is just deciding to leave the animals alive this time."
Turned out pretty well for them eh?
Everyone please stop talking about this until I have time to watch it
When do we start the private-sector rollout?
She should've dressed more moderately.
"Or she has autism, otherwise she wouldn't visit that shithole of a sub."
I guess this means all other problems have been solved.
"Yeah, what a bunch of savages."
Shocking
You mean muslim?
Oh yes strawman is such a tried and true method of argument
oh yea that **was** funny as hell!
Truly something to be proud of!
Yeah because that was a cheap excuse
"More jobs would be created by shipping this oil using more unsafe trains and trucks, so clearly Obama is just looking out for the economy!"
What a casual.
That's why you see a lot of black people go for white women
"No, you need a gas grenade."
In Catch Me If You Can [The girl actually goes against leo and calls the cops on him.]
What a shock.
HM2 is fixed.
Whelp I guess rush can't play tanks
You should be doing that anyway!
You should be ashamed!
Forget the
Why don't you use your right for that?
"If he ever hurts you, I'll be here to comfort you"
You must have so much experience with children
24 seconds = 12 Are you not paying attention?
Omg what a confession
Less calories so you can drink more duh!
Binayaran kasi yan ng mga yellow
Ban suits !
they want to give the zombies a fair chance ...
How comforting.
"That's why I bought a McLaren F1, the steering wheel is in the middle."
Lcd monitors are racist.
Pretty cool feature if they could implement it in a sleeker fashion.
yea you're right
looks like a potato masher
MSM: proof that bitcoin causes car accidents.
You gotta be diamond first then it's okay apparently
If everybody went to public schools instead of abandoning them in favor of private institutions then public schools wouldn't be so bad.
Indeed rejoicing at taking a life and rejoicing at pleasuring your taste buds is exactly the same thing.
"Wait, I thought that would cost too much?"
Leave him lyrics to a song that you feel expresses your anger.
Gentrifier.
What a great excuse for not actually doing anything about an issue!
"Dammit, if only we'd known that a few years earlier"
clearly you should break up with her
"My 7 year old had just started shooting heroin, but she says it makes her happy, so who am I to stop her?"
Obviously my selfie stick yaaaass
"Makes sense, they're about as free as our country at this point."
"Wow, thanks for pointing it out."
"Yep, we should just open dialogue with rapists and murderers, otherwise we're being violent."
Please be
"He's a west coast racist, though, so its okay"
It's always flattering when one show known for It's impeccable writing gives praise to another show.
They are surely going to win Yemenis' hearts and minds like this!
Does a Marth amiibo named Lucina count
"Such bravery these new voices have, disabling comments and votes."
Those are definitely not Russian troops what so ever look they don't even have any insignia
the definition of doxxing is prejudice + power shitlord
Oh you name your Vaporeons differently too?
You mean they still have the old helmet displayed because the new one hasn't been revealed yet?
Looking at you Derrick!
Haven't heard that one before
"Your life is OBVIOUSLY horrible, you unskilled female."
LOL Highlander
Now that you said that it's gonna happen Are you happy with yourself
It's not like the PSOs that police the damn things could do anything about that either...
"But those places kill Christians so that kind of makes up for the gays and women, right?"
A nice long bath should do the trick.
Humanity #3edgy5me #deepthought
Perhaps we could ask billionaire Flamini to buy us Blaize Matuidi or Radja Nainggggolannnn or both.
If she couldn't it would be bad game mechanics.
Playing games key to a successful relationship
You 'really insults are so tired
"Despite the National Front being primarily funded by Russian banks, I'm certain this course of action is in no way being influenced from the Kremlin."
Yeah cause those investigations are always taken so seriously...I mean it's not like they cover for their buddies or anything right?
Hmmm.... Maybe if I neg this one hard enough she won't ignore me...
You forgot the
"Yes, if only the director showed 20 minutes of small print text on a console, that would be such an exciting scene for mainstream audiences in the 1990s that had never even used a computer."
Don't you mean proNOUNciation OP?
"Yes, the bucks are so full of them self's, unlike the very humble Jim Cornette"
Ya... Kaiser's definitly a Trump supporter
"But if we release those prisoners into the work force and fire the guards and police responsible for putting and keeping them there, won't that just increase unemployment?"
"Knowing some very capable people I've used lmgtfy on, I doubt that."
No I just wear this to look cool
Mm I love me some references in text that aren't in the reference list
"""loyal"" fans would have season tix and a personal seat license to go with it"
Didn't know blackmailer got a buff
"Because, his kids are getting free college after Bernie wins!"
Yeah so unoriginal
You forgot this
Anti tank grenade
...and I'm sure those experts would be completely non-partisan.
Everyone knows it is the pressure from all the aether above the Earth that holds everything down.
"This is silly, everybody knows it's violent video games that make kids violent, not actual horrifying, depraved, sickening, blood curdling violence."
BUT THE META
"Yeah, instantly crushing the brain usually causes death in a few hours..."
its already been constructed.
Because the Goverment wouldnt get taxes if we would produce our energy like that.
why waste all that energy to repeat the same thing like 5 times instead of just saying
You dropped your
Something that was never really there in the first place.
Free markets will fix all our problems!
Team Fortress 2
Probably why they are all about to shut down
Car thief.
We are far too bush repealing Obamacare and redefining rape to be bothered with that.
Hawk Harrelson
"Right, I forgot, we don't actually play anyone and don't deserve our ranking"
Scheiss SBB
None of these things have ever been suggested
lul my prisma can do better
quick
Why do you hate freedom?
Well you must not be a *real* religious follower then
Because the best way to ensure huge changes in public policy is to make it that the only people who are able to run in elections are the official candidates of the well-established parties.
but it's so much easier to assume he's Hitler cuzz cnn says sooooooo.
"Something, something, after sandbox mode."
Statue of David
Nothing sexier than a pap smear.
Because calling a city what it's own inhabitants call it affects the problem!
Funny.
Yes :)
WOMEN can say you did something because women don't lie about rape and sexual assault you sexist pig!
"Silly woman, adulthood is for men."
That makes sense.
Demoman is voiced by someone who isn't a black Scottish cyclops and I hate that.
That seems like a good idea.
Anything that isn't Smash is scrub level
all the data driven fantasy analysis is ruining the metagame
InB4 Fei 6* requires fang as evo mat
Not necessarily
"Oh come on, that wouldn't start a war!"
Nope you either vote along party lines or don't vote at all
Why else would I do this?
Yep I'm retarded
They had our football team showcasing theirs for a half in the first....
"I dunno, Descartes seemed to clearly and distinctly conceive of it being wrong."
But my pitbull is sweet so people shouldn't discriminate against pitbulls!
"That is just insane, it is almost like this is just a game to you!"
how does valve keep coming up with these good ideas?
"A journalist who stands by his corruption, haven't seen that before."
It is contact because the contact info would be somewhere on the contract.
Yeah but we still have more freedom
Well it was her fault for dressing like a slut anyway.
You won the challenge I guess now get away front the cesspool that is the lower arenas
I think you dropped this-
I thought Dane Cook would be number 1
The Giants have done it twice in the past decade.
The inside was 3 years old by the time Apple brought the computer to market
then read the cnn article on it.
"Don't look gay at all, two straight Russian men."
Did....did you have a stroke writing that?
I am very good at looking at things in detail
Who was the top news channel?
Clear evidence of archeological elitists persecuting christians
Maybe that's when they sign Deebo
"yeah, not enough about how you wish everyone at Oculus would get cancer for breaking the Revive hack."
It must be fun to paint all that equipment!
Look at all that counterplay.
Safari is best for browsing The Verge
AAAAAH GOALIE CRISIS CLENCH YOUR BUTT CHEEKS PEOPLE
"your doing it all wrong, when prices drop you supposed to sell"
"I mean he could have called you ugly, God chicks are so high maintenance it's impossible to guess what they want."
ESK DEE so hilarious
It is if you use apple
Yea there was a beautiful display in Riyadh and Tehran.
"He's right, I learned it from God at Sunday Bloody Sunday School"
"hey not cool, there is iem san jose and katowice !"
Brinks trucks are clearly the militarization of our banks.
Reverse terrorism..... so lovely...
History matters more than then the present.
Because obviously he's going to be the one to change your mind.
"oh, i didnt know the developer wanted me to do the 5 second task of turning off adblock, oh no"
Im sure an 11 hour on rails campaign will help a game be relevant for years to come and not a robust multiplayer experience
That's good diplomacy right there.
No seems pretty normal to me
"60hz is for plebians, 61hz master race"
I'm sure internet speed is near the top of the UK governments priorities in terms of investment!
"Oh, if it worked for Israel, surely we should be following their lead."
here you go
I think you forgot the
20XX
Look at this girl applying a gender binary to the situation
That will teach you to be polite.
Hope that was
"Dude, Kripp have like 15k viewers on average, of course he is greedy to attention"
Obviously you can't be a true atheist if you talk positively about anyone religious
"Yeah, there were definitely not many ""shooters"" on the XBOX/PS2/PS1/N64."
"Hey, that's sexist."
Just use Aliment Rectifier
Arguing fallaciously is OK as long as you are Marvel CEO.
if enough people report him for not communication he'll get the message
Deists are atheists without balls.
"Sooo, how does it feel being the black sheep of the r/formula1 hive mind."
Who?
"You guys better watch ""Red Dawn"" to prepare for battle..."
"He's a cis man so no matter what good he does, he's pretty much Hitler"
"Girls who turn down sexual advances are automatically sluts, didn't you know?"
"I love how the only close up of the statue has a B&amp;W filter, really makes all the details pop."
I couldn't tell.
"So brave, so original, so much wit."
I'm actually inclined to agree with him at this point.
"I don't know, someone who got that hat got it with memory leak, I wonder what bug he reported..."
Woah there captain sensitive
This shit never happens in England!
Because nothing says manliness like insecurity!
"Nah, they're just all lazy layabouts who are just entitled and looking for someone to blame for why they're a loser."
Is this the new German tier 10 artillery?
"yeah, it's fake soap guys"
I just got the *best* idea for a Halloween costume
The Mets obviously should've known that Bernie Madoff was going to steal all of their money.
Oh poor curry he's only making 10+ mil a year.
Because all countries with single-payer healthcare and higher education end up like Venezuela.
"California has been experiencing a pretty rough drought lately, maybe Bernie is right?"
You shut your communist mouth!
That's an awesome sale you have going on there Amazon...
I bet that's going to benefit them one day...
Good offer dude
"Eh, INTJs are more sociopathic, INFJs can mimic ISTPs and be complete psychopaths and it's not like Ni-Fe makes them mentally disturbed to begin with."
That never happened!
"Pffft, everyone knows that people don't lie abou those types of things"
You hate Neo Tokyo because of your rank.
That's why I use yahoo
is mein RSS ka haath (aur pao) hain..
#stickem
i mean blizz stats say most people are playing midrange shaman therefore they must enjoy it and want more curvestone
Or he could buy 45 dollar tree pot holders
But it's totally fine to leave them alone with an adult to be questioned about their sexual habits
should've got a 390.
"Yeah, this is an issue, heck, its an issue way bigger than Hitdetection, bugged hitboxes, potato servers etc."
"Women's rights are a political issue, let's move onto real issues please!"
"This person did a pretty good job of consolidating all of reddit into one single post, but I don't think they went far enough."
But the shirts don't even have collars...
It makes more sense if you realize they're stacked on eggs as well
"Let's celebrate 2016 that won't include any real things to celebrate about: no LRT yet, no downtown hockey arena, no new downtown library, just a few Syrian refugees!"
I bet it'll come out on Valentine's Day 1853
"Oh, that's OK then."
I hate you
Penta sports did
they will other teams just need to kill skt's best player 3 times pre 10mins without giving up a kill shouldn't be too hard
Who?
"Blend in, hmm... So what you're saying is wear camouflage?"
Well women were put on this earth to serve men...
"Raptor's top and cruise speeds are so secret a simple google search told me that : * top : 2,410 km/h * cruise : 1,963 km/h Google is probably hooked to Pentagon databases..."
I use her like the dirty WHORE she is!
"The lucky thing is, all these men being abused by the women in their lives have a large network of shelters and support systems thanks to the efforts of feminist organizations that care for men's issues also."
"Here, you dropped this:"
Because combo is obviously not fun.
What a garbage response.
"Yeah, you'd have to run at the speed of light and just let the knives go to make it work."
"When they come out with random asshole test, what will you do for a job?"
Penises are quite business-savy.
"You ask a question, how dare you, downvote."
I hear Rondo is in need of a job
Definitely not a bubble that has been reinflated.
"ITS BEEN HALF A PERIOD AND HE HASNT EVEN SCORED, RETURN HIM TO TORONTO!"
Oh you mean that new Will Smith movie?
Yeah hopefully he can help turn their season around
What people do on this sub all the time is obviously okay.
Fuck you for having an option!
Graffiti is another tool of Teh Patriarchy to oppress and silence womyn.
Shakin' in my boots from a 50+ year old crazy man (ON THE INTERNET) with the breathing habbits of someone on the verge of a massive stroke or heart attack.
"Well, since it says 101 in the picture we can assume the limit is at least 101."
Holly Dee
I call them Edge Imps
Thats a well thought out and very presidential way of looking at the situation
"Good that we have the migration crisis going, maybe EU could offer you some nuclear engineers and doctors now that they are coming in drowes."
"good idea, dragonbreath should only work with fire-based spells"
You missed the takeover?
what about .000... with a 1 at the end?
pervs...
"Oh yeah, let's call black people 'blacks' while we're at it."
cuz of dem sick bhops
"At least you guys can still play the greatest Spider-Man game, The Amazing Spider-Man 2."
Which is exactly the quality I look for in a president.
"Ha, those odds are pretty sweet for an ALL IN LDLCCCC"
"you know fedoras and their derivatives, one of the many things normal people don't learn because they're getting laid"
So happy to see this again.
"Ending net neutrality, getting rid of Dodd-Frank, overturning roe vs wade, creating a list of Muslims, creating a list of people working on climate science, ... but I'm sure things will be fine once he's in office."
"Nah, man it's because they were Christians."
Need to know their ip tho
I wonder how many murders have been commited already because of this atrocity!
You have to be smart to be in a classroom!
That's our draft pick
They need a game for every night of the week!
"C'mon, if Muslims were white, say all of Europe were followers of Islam and were carrying out daily terrorist attacks in the name of Islam, none of you racist white folk would be criticizing them"
only on sundays.
"Yeah, being able to demo skins in sandbox mode would negatively affect Riot's revenue."
"Yea when I saw a bunch of people wearing red, white and blue standing in front of a giant American flag I immediately thought ""what does U5R mean?"""
Guys can't smile in selfies though
Obviously we have a health expert on our hands.
"obviously a parka, duh slavkody!"
Invade at once and make sure they embrace the consumerism and internet porn.
"He took a dick in that one movie i cant remember the name of, exactly 10 years ago didn't he?"
But think about the children!
PS exclusive?
"That's why if I ever get a conservative talk show I'm naming it ""the Luftwaffe"" because that's what I want my movement to be about!"
To be fair the girl did regain consciousness ... sounds like she had quite the experience with drinking and passing out and maybe was a better subject mater expert than the party destroying EMT or police?
"That was kind of racist, don't you think"
That luxury budget must be terrible.
I think those are just 4 photoshopped pidgeys...
Yeah because they were such a problem the last 2 times we played them.
"great, now there is another eagle who still plays like a MG2"
And they are such a joy to have
"Well don't be dumb, she was 60 so clearly you can replace her with 10 woman who are 6 year olds"
Let's hope we get another big green dub!
Engine freeze is a great idea
But gta doesn't have cross platform play yet.
"Personally, I love the feeling of a tiny penis entering me dry."
"""sir"" or ""mister"""
This is why the solution to unsafe driving is police writing more tickets!
C'mon Sonic Boom 3!
Just needs to be on an elite squad like the Hornets
"Excellent comment, comrade."
Thanks for the helpful reply.
Shut up science bitch!
Who's Gene?
Eating Oatmeal twice a day can cause cervical cancer in men.
Oh boy I hope this game has micro transactions!
"Yeh, I should be able to gain state secrets with a simple request to the government, right?"
Oh looks it's powered by the nintendo switch!
"Thank gramp, maybe you should do the same for Grahdens"
COD = BF duh!
Ferrari LaFerrari
"Wow, just some excellent parenting all round then?"
But he is healthy!
Pig three conspiracy: no Asians in this XI.
he forgot the
Please wait until after they pass that new law to legalize it before commenting it's illegal!
Don't you know that sexism is okay if it's against men?
This is how gaijin balances the Yak-9T/K; your pilot takes hallucinogens before take off.
Good thing we just gave them another $1.3b
They definitely don't make up the majority of the victims of violence .
"Well yeah, 500k more likes and I'll have enough to save the world."
"But, but, this game is nothing like Prime, they just slapped the Metroid name on last minute because that would make it sell!"
Are you Canadian ?
"So what I'm supposed to take from this is that the war on terror worked, right?"
It's an investment.
No but Thermight can burn horizontally...
Glad to see this sub doesn't go to complete shit off season.
A 6 mana 3/9 with taunt and a good upside doesn't seem too strong at all
"Good job buddy, really ready to turn my life around!"
"Well, if you just give them a place to stay, more of them will come, doncha know"
Russians do.
"I don't understand, that is perfectly balanced!"
But where do her organs fit in?
"Dinosaurs, man."
thats fucking rascist!
obviously you haven't tried budlight platinum
walang offering sa altar nya?
[test]
Passing rot with a pug on a Japanese server is great fun
"Ssshhh, you're supposed to be ignorant about it, remember?"
"Right, because that is sure to attract ordinary citizens to the cause and *not* make those protesting look like violent radicals"
"The Toronto media was right, he is lazy, just standing there watching"
"if you kill your enemies , they win"
Nah I didn't build anything or have ships when invading an enemy players home system.
Isn't this technically King of the Hill porn?
!RemindMe 3 Months Guy looks into puppeteering instead of going into therapy
4132 may be just a little bit too defensive
"Yeah, and springing it at the end wasn't awkward at all"
Just use SpeakOn.
"Looks expensive, what did it cost?"
Fuck off you peasant... He watches more CFB games than you you pleb.
Now that's the face of a player who wants to go to a bigger club!
"Yes because all women are attractive and can get sex on command, ugly women don't exist and men don't have any preferences and can't control their sexual urges."
"Well we have a lot of silent die-hard pro admins so it's pretty much the same thing, right?"
This is so ironic
Shhh don't distract them from finishing Godus.
You can make dick jokes on TS and complain about russian bias
All powered by a high quality Duralast battery!
No let's downvote and complain every week why we keep seeing new ones.
But my daddy told me unions are evil
But their terrorist children...
You mean its on live and not just test?
Flash just outruns the vacuum.
Yeah and next time Ronda Rousey and Holly Holm fight Ronda should go for the take-downs also.
"I disagree, this is basically a loss, seasons over."
But 4 reference 290's probably can.
But would you take him over James Thrash?
Isn't that common law of the roads?
"Yes, there are no depictions of churches in Renaissance art"
Downvoted because opinions.
You're wrong.
Yeah but Jim's clearly still breathing so they must have just been trolling!
No stop shut up trading is always horrible and the community is full of assholes all the time and there's no reason to think otherwise ever.
Yeah but they were built on strong socialist ideals.
How do they not understand that religious freedom is for Christians only?
For the greater good.
"In the meantime, you can just prevent them from listening by wrapping your phone in tinfoil."
Because your duty as a gamer is to put the companies that make your favorite games first.
YOLO
"That would be too obvious, just a week after the left-wing party has been elected into government!"
You're just jealous that women in the west cant become suicide bombers without their husbands' permission.
"Absolutely, its just fanboys that put *The Godfather* or *Schindler's List* on top."
Subjective judgment is bad
If we take the money from rich people and give it to the poor people then everyone will be richer
I like how they put Titan Z's in steam machines.
Because bullies only come in African-American
"wow, what a horrible confession!"
"But it's not EU money, it's OUR money!"
Another example of Marshall being nothing but a locker room cancer
"It has everything to do with poor teammates, like if your teammates are gay."
Knowledge for noobs?
Can't wait to see them not add a 6th garage so I can not acquire any of these new cars and vehicles
To bad he doesn't use the best words like Trump.
"Remember to pay the ""tourist"" tax and different prices as well for travel, lodging when visiting these areas.. It is an awesome way to keep tourist interested...."
What a bunch of anti-Semites!
Is fun when you get on the internet and bitch about stupid shit?
"They beat an SEC team in their bowl game, something Bama and FSU can't say"
Only one thing for it - bulk up to BMI 35 and wait another six months.
The best way to change something is to do nothing
Gotta save the world from those Democrats!
"GUYS DON'T GIVE IN, WE MUST RESIST AND LET THE SHITSTORM RAGE!"
nice support
Hilarious and original.
Yeah our uniforms are fresh
Thats a good thing to openly admit to!
Clearly half of the country are 14 year old weeaboos
"No, Ye just wears fake bombers of his own brand"
Such a disgrace
"No no no, gasses are ""stuff"", solids are ""things"", and liquids are ""wet stuff""."
Probably from the Captain's boost
Only white people can be racist.
Hopefully you forgot to add the
*Yeah.
"Of course, what rational person would think that a government that has probably killed journalists that criticize it might be lying."
I'm sure the native populations were very happy they were able to help.
you can also mount a 25 pounder on it too
I mean the only real answer is I'm totally a stalker?
False rape accusations are PART OF THE PATRIARCHY.
"What happens on May 15, Skyrim DLC?"
"Ha clothes, I used to get books all the time as a kid and I absolutely love it."
"Remember, only anti-gamers critique video games."
"Fucking UN, those anti-semites!"
But i've got this totally new idea of asking blizzard for servers for each of the expansion-packs!
I always loved that the stealth class was the only one to get blingtastic armor options.
"You don't need front sights when you're spraying those horrible, cop/baby killing, military class bullets."
"I for one, am glad we have priorities straight."
Yep that's 92% of people are sexist
Too much lens flare.
Can two cans and a string get 4G down there?
Ohio: teaching women their place!
Democrats sure are our saviors...
At least he gets to say he scored on Jordan....
oh you're gonna love what they did to Harbinger and Claustrophobia.
You're depressed because you didn't move your body for the length of an EDM song!
{{Hungry Burger}} ftk is too op
he was int he middle of changing for his job volunteering down at the shelter when those cis white officers decided to oppress him
Chicago and their gun loving laws caused this!
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAH
Found the black guy
Just a fluke.
"They didn't have time to conduct a proper investigation, the news crew they brought along where getting antsy, they wanted to get some footage of some folks being shot up for the evening news."
"Wait... By ""literature"" you didn't mean ""Wikipedia articles""?"
The magic hand of Free Enterprise and Capitalism will always find a way to put delicious seafood on my plate.
It's not like he caused a famine that caused the death of millions.
"sorry, i was masturbating"
Yeah so fuck them.
"I always thought you had to be 16, but I guess when your mom leaves the church there's a need to get her away from that *horrible influence*"
"Wait, are you saying you don't support our troops?TM"
Evolution is therefore a lie!
"Corey Lewendowski showed it is OK, because he was never charged."
Yeah and they're spraying chemicals on it too!
But RUSSIA...R..U..S..S..I..A. Nothing else matters.
"It's the double copper wrap that makes it code, just a single wrap would be a no no."
but but but then I wouldn't get the pleasure of feeling like a better person than they are!
"As everyone, even your client, has the most up to date browser, and all APIs across browsers are implemented with one standard."
"""Sounds like a hardware problem"""
Mortal enemies.
But times are different now!
How homophobic
Disorganised religion isn't much better.
*club they're not gangs when they're white
I remember the dude was a colored guy!
THE FREE MARKET!
"I mean, they gave him 5 AD already"
Oh wow Emma had to go through so much
God what a jerk Lewis is.
Reddit does not believe a team can lose its will to play their best after a big loss so by default your argument is void.
yeah they are definitely 100% clean now
Well yeah I'm sure if as many people took heroin as took paracetamol this would still be the case.
It's not that hard... What do you think islands are?
"Yeah, FDR was pretty shitty"
They do this to encourage PC sales because Devs really just want to make PC games.
"Yep, cause being attracted to someone automatically gives you the right to pester them with stupid messages."
Goddamn I love living in Iowa.
"But they're trees, and trees are plants, and vegetables are plants, and vegetables have no calories, so Reese's Peanut Butter Trees have no calories!"
But it's clearly at r/lounge not in Shibuya
Oh yeah I forgot Android Pay uses MST as well
You forgot the
"Considering Michael routinely abuses Gavin, the office foreigner, does that make Rooster Teeth racist?"
Shh don't give away military secrets!
You forgot the
i'm sure that's just a coincidence and not something they actively factor into the hiring process
Yeah conservatives have never done anything good!
It warms my heart to know that while people are starving all over the world injured animal are getting the help they need.
The human eye cant see above 30 fps anyway!
But corporate taxes are too damn high!
guy guys it's cool microsoft said they loved pc gaming just last week or something.
Kalista is very well designed with alot of strenghts and counterplay.
good to see the pope doing something useful for once
Shit support didn't help her with them
Well... This B&amp;N development **could** be Amazon's fault.
Show him who's the boss!
Don't you know you're supposed to start playing this game at level 124 | Platinum rank?
"Thanks, now I have to rethink all my tests by replacing the ""user is a monkey"" statement with ""user is a falling horse"" one"
"Man, Sansa is really dumb."
Didn't realise the guaranteed playtime clause in his contract extended to the national team
It's just a rumor after all
Extreme upvotes for that... If only he used Mistberg's models.
Good to see the spelling police finally showed up.
I think you're underestimating Clifford's laser eyes.
"great reply, really disproves my point!"
"Lol aurum means gold haha I think we're the only two on reddit who know this, fellow geniuses amrite x)"
Millennials are ruining this country...
I'm sure it's CTR
"How dare you refuse to have sex just because the other person is a woman, that's sexist"
The amazing build quality of the PT
To be fair on the internet communicating with complete strangers it isn't uncommon to assume everyone is retarded unless otherwise stated
Well maybe don't be such a communist and they'd love you more.
Make the game easier for me pls
Fortunate that Londoners are so laid-back really.
How is it possibly that his arms move twice as fast as his feet!
Don't you know that the human eye can't see above a cinematic 24 FPS?
"But a musical *crossover* episode, now that's bound to be good."
Then use
Cuz Melo is in a small market and Kawhi is in a big market
"But i totally did this thing, that is a true thing I myself did but cannot prove."
"What, you dont wait until you're challenger tier to start ranked?"
"It's ok though, as long as you don't forget your Tetra Safestart."
"Hey if we have to mentally and/or physically scar a few people to bring a community together for a good time, then I think its worth it!"
RP is really getting the top tier guests!
This bullet magnetism is going out of hand
You're charging it wrong!
Boy am I looking forward to be moving to Bournemouth in September
You sound like a real catch
"Exactly, I mean why would Arsenal not buy a decent player instead of wasting money on rubbish like Sanchez?"
Their lives are LITERALLY at risk staying in a third world country like France/Italy.
"Yeah, who would still sell USB 2.0 sticks and not 3.0"
"So next it will be senior military personnel, then teachers, then academics (who will not be allowed to leave the country), then members of the police, then finally denying funeral services to Obama supporters?"
Do you work for the Hillary campaign?
If you want stealth get Ivara
Now that's some rational thinking!
Lol kinda the same reason why I don't have a gf now...Bc my life is so interesting and full of ideas
Lol so ready anyone can do it
Children's Muslims need the most help.
As long as you are not a man you will do fine
suuuuuure you have and all these warriors fans use to have a baron davis jersey
"My black lab holds one litter at a time, I don't know how your scooter holds three."
does that mean memes?
"you are crazy, using real facts and a perspective outside the current circlejerk"

"pssh corporations can't commit crimes- what do you think they are, legally persons or something?"
"This article full of american nazi lies, they manufacture article and video to slander peaceful demonstrators by showing video of angry pro-ukrainian fascists attacking bus with russian markings."
Wow what an original image she should sue!
Because America is a terrible wasteland filled with fundies who hate everything we love and kill puppies
Yeah because the guy that just suffered a concussion should be trusted to make logical decisions
Do you wanna get cucked bro?
"Walking around town with your lady in full battle armour, and dueling who ever is so foolish to attempt to court her."
What should I report to the IRS?
The South shall rise again!
Because every single democrat wants to take away your guns....
This had better work with the new Zelda game.
"No, we HATE Amy Adams."
"Here, you dropped this:"
"Good stuff, looking forward to seeing this on the BBC later."
You sure LvG knows?
"Wow, you must have degrees upon degrees in Politics, international relations, and Middle eastern history."
"I think the best reason why they picked it late was so that Uras could suicide in bot lane, and get a quick tp back to fountain that way"
"Sure, all those ban reports over the last 5 months from plastik users aren't evidence, nope, not at all."
Should've left an
I heard 23 so maybe the human eye got a firmware update since that.
It's not like both of those go against christian beliefs or anything!
"no, as the video clearly shows the illusion is the same from every angle..."
Thanks for explaining how *my* company works.
Yes so let's all celebrate him by becoming stupid people
Obviously the solution for the Cech/Courtois dilema is to bring back the 5-4-1 and play cech as a sweeper!
Do you know how HARD it is to drive in reverse with a trailer behind your truck?
"But we are ""reforming"" them!"
You seem well-balanced.
"As a fan who followed the Brewers closely during spring training, I saw this coming."
*Bradley Beal is such a whiney bitch*
"I mean, it's alright..."
"Yeah fuck them, their kid deserved to die!"
"Yeah, with all those world class players who are going to come in the summer!"
We all know GoT is the correct answer to that question
"But I don't own a 10/22 or 25rd mags, what does this have to do with me?"
How dare you invade this man's privacy while he tries to get into private shoot outs in front of your home!
You will be downvoted a lot because your opinion is wrong
Yeah but reading articles is hard
Not at all propaganda.
"Yeah, the Nazis certainly never did anything wrong..."
Banks are free they never post a profit or absorb any money from their customers
that kills you when you fall asleep :D
"Because gun-control works, and the police are here to protect and serve you."
"Dude, but ""LULZ REPUBLICANS SUX THO"""
"""because free speech gives me license to offend anyone, and offending people is FUN and is my god-given right"""
He's on his worst behavior ^please^dont^kill^me
Goddamn weeaboos.
"Coach Sherman Williams, right?"
"I'm so glad they're our allies, their tolerant practices are nothing like ISIS."
"Gasp, you dared to suggest that Vettel should be punished for swearing at the referee like what would happen in literally any other sport."
But it only has 4 maps because I only bother to do a fraction of the content
"I stay home, staring at the static from my cable-less TV and eating homemade lentil soup for days!"
"Make it a 2 supply unit, obviously."
"I believe him, because that happens."
"Let's burn all muslims, their religion is so violent"
"If they don't rename the school after the shooter, it's a failure, I guess."
Blasphemer!
Just stop posting false information!
"Ez, let me just go to my nonexistent local isp and get 50mbs"
A corn oil consumable found in crucible that completely negates the thorn DoT's effect when used.
Do I get a ~~gold star~~ green check mark for my sweet idea?
These people need to just get jobs and not be around brawls.
I totally support Smash putting in C-tier 3rd party characters that will never have a game ever again.
"Yeah, what do I know."
Irish if Irish were Scottish
Dude recoloured obby shield is so nice though
Yeah and if they play against a pro with items off it will totes be a fair match.
"Personally, I don't car about what you love."
Yes because unless you spend at least 60 minutes out of your day on how you can keep the black man down then you are not a white man!
"You have now been charged $5000, thank you have a good day."
ARREST RON PAUL 2012!
But Brownbackistan is such a free market paradise that capital flows from every faucet and everyone is crapping out gold!
"Silly man, everyone knows only women have body image issues."
Oh no I am so scared I'm shaking in my boots.
Redditors aren't intelligent enough to go to university/college.
Yeah fuck companies for trying to make money.
"Nah, if someone doesn't travel exactly as I travel, they're doing it wrong."
"No ""Pet Cemetery""?"
Yeah why don't we just kill them?
"All rural people are slack-jawed, inbred, violent rapists, everyone knows this."
Check your privilege shitlord.
HAAHAH GOOD ONE
People that engage in self-reflection are total fucking sissies.
"It feels like it says that, though."
"Hmmm, I somehow think Sendejo is involved..."
Nah man you're just stupid and delusional
Doxx time?
"Great idea, then remember to release it!"
His name is McPhail for gods sake run and run as fast as you can
"If you had some of that work ethic, you too could have these expensive things and fucking platinum white hair"
"Yes, we need credible sources like MSNBC and Huffington Post."
"Patch 1.1.0, the patch that keeps on giving."
The world just loves to punish OP!
That 35% that gets taxed out of my check every two weeks says 'you're welcome'
"Oh, so doing it for the exposure is working!"
"Gee your position on something never ""evolved?"""
YOU SHOULD build it with Squarespace ^^^Build ^^^it ^^^Beautiful
But white people don't have melanin so it's not a color.
"So can I state ""10% donation to charity made in advance"" on a $30 item I paid $3 for at GW?"
"He never came back to Italy after the World Cup, maybe he's afraid of being assaulted because he was utter shit."
"You mean, they're not Taylor's family?"
I take offense to that last statement
Wouldn't the signatories just be a list of supporters of George Galloway for London mayor?
"Yes, you're such a whore for not sending him photos of your boobs."
don't you know a BIG NAME COMPANY owns raybans
He only seems to be attracting them.
Wow this guy is such an idiot he doesn't even have an xbox one hurr
So THAT'S why pensioners don't have enough money!
I hope you realize what a horrible person you are and the dishonor you've brought upon the University of Florida.
Allegedly...
You lied to me!
Info wars all the way!
That explains the recent EU nerf then!
"we are, the goverment is just great at covring it up"
Might as well hide everything!
"""Profession: Politicics"" What sort of position is that?"
Naturally the downed player grabs the back of the wagon and is dragged to safety.
"We lied to get in there, then did a horrendously shitty job once we invaded, but at least our heart was in the right place when we fabricated the moral justification for our actions after everything turned to shit."
I really hope you forgot your
"Greatness, obviously"
"Haha yes, realism, the defining feature of the sanders campaign"
Not as much as I like endless wars of aggression.
Such a well articulated point; how can you argue against it
next you'll tell me they really aren't the live music capital of the world
even funnier if he'd been buried at sea
Nigga nobody told you to go to Devry or ITT Tech.
get gud low elo scrub
"Dunno, ask the NSA."
Lol you forgot
REPEAT AFTER ME FEMALES HAVE VAGINAS WOMEN CAN HAVE A PENIS FEMALES HAVE VAGINAS WOMEN CAN HAVE A PENIS
This question.
"Choker, stat padder, detriment to the team."
It's the same reason I don't like short penises; they look too much like a vagina.
"Cops only help people so they can get warm fuzzies inside, didn't you know."
"As I'm in Leicester this could become a possibility =) Though of course, by disagreeing with me, you're obviously fem and hate on your girlfriends."
You just need your brain desqueezed to understand.
Wow thanks for completely irrelevant first few paragraphs.
wow SSBM sounds fun where does he live i'll be right over
"If you're good with just listening to things without visuals, I can just get both of my parents to record you an audiobook of the last 20 years"
Luckily for you you're on reddit and all black people act the same and are all good for nothing criminals who hate whites!
"funny, I wouldn't have taken him for a man who was completely full of shit.."
But... they're gay names!
Of course.
"Yes, because you know the child victim she attempted to rape totally deserves the life sentence she gave him by deeply scarring him, doesn't he?"
Is that why men are 3 times more likely to commit suicide.
"Yeah man, a $310-$350 GPU is totally the poor mans option."
"Yep, because modern day hetrosexual celebrities are so great at keeping marriage sacrosanct."
Maybe not enough War of 1812?
Apparently I'm doing this lesbian thing all wrong.
So Marseille is Arab too?
Why would you want to legally sell a drug at lower prices and then have to give out a cut when you can sell it illegally for more and all the profits go to you?
Gotta love it when people push their morality on your private life.
*That certainly doesn't sound like it would encourage people focusing solely on short-term gains at the expense of the long-term well-being of the nation as a whole*.
anyone who suggests that small tribal groups inbred is clearly a racist
You mean like the warriors?
"Yeah, but board bouncing and Sothis are how everyone got Anacondas so that's ok."
If only there were other parts supplier Apple could go to if Samsung didn't want the contract.
"I guess responding back to someone on reddit means ""you're going crazy here."""
He should have been ejected for touching an official!
Starbucks has declared war on religion!
"Happy Birthday Ohrobohobo, sorry my gift to you will be there a couple days late"
"14, guy might as well have stood there with his thumb in his ass."
Nice one!
No wonder they made her a judge on America Got Talent or whatever.
Implying women can be abusers
"Does removing 6 month boosts ""add value to membership"" the same way removing daily login certs did?"
I just opened that up at work and was instantly fired
"But the American public should be privy to every single thing the military does, even if it's classified and and shows no improper conduct!"
"But, VENOM CURES THINGS!"
"Well they are farther south than us, so that would make us colder?"
"yeah, if only LeBron wanted it more, then he'd have a 6-0 Finals record"
at least he didn't wrinkle his clothes
Why are you being so bad-tempered and sulky?
"So this should also mean that intercepting signals to and from said tower is also an act of domestic terrorism, right?"
"Yeah, because that makes sense."
Sounds like a shill.
How else are we going to demonized Arabs?
Yeah they should go to the old way of spewing cans
Because you've never ever on DHSJ's side.... Pinky promise?
it's like those 2 items were made for eachother.
Wasn't that impressive the Cho'Gath was only level 1
This is where I'm supposed to step in right?
guys the sub is so much less cringey than the youtube comments right were better
It was a quality loss
I don't know what your talking about
"Cuz, yeah.. after the election everything will be just peachy, no one will fight or get butthurt, and the GOP and Dems will go get an ice cream cone to celebrate."
"Well, that's those idolatrous pseudo-Christians sorted then!"
"He was camping, the arty showed him how to play the game dynamically, I see no problem here"
It's almost as if it were designed that way.
Lol most likely
"But but, we can't charge them with perjury or it would prevent real victims from coming forward."
Yea hes definitely twiggy
"Apparently, hogging all the power positions for themselves just isn't enough to keep women from ruining the Church."
That's definite proof if I've ever seen it.
"""kids will be kids"" yeah sure"
"Damn, dude threw like 4 kicks and is already out of breath."
Reality has a liberal bias
Unfortunately for some unknown reason the cargo ship containing all the new IPV4's lit on fire and sank... Investigators are still looking for the cause.
"295 average penetration for standard ammo, I see nothing wrong here"
She had God watching over her!
"Sorry, it's pretty well accepted that fit shaming never happens."
You mean you aren't impressed by the Gmail app?
"Obviously, those bars were placed so close together to shame large cats and encourage thin cat privilege."
"but but I gotta put that 26.2 sticker on my subaru or prius or on the yakima rack,so I can feel ever more like a smug bastard."
"Oh well, since you aren't watching I guess any show he tries to do now will flow."
"""Thanks for the help sympathetic camera friend!"""
"Yeah, it's not like that's not textbook grooming or anything!"
Totally explains their life expectancy.
Why dont they give us the full list and allow us to choose first try?
Yeah American tournaments like the D2l should be all games on US west too.
It's supposed to be the Eiffel Tower of the East
yea I'd have to feel like white got the short end of the stick in standard
Yeah girls could never be good at CS
It's just a symbol!
I dont believe in global warming
but how do we know the public version isn't pre-rendered
"Females can't rape, no matter the species."
"It depends on the dream, sometimes it twitches too."
Yeah so Riot can have even more influence on this subreddit.
Thats totally likely
"Drop archer at town hall, hope for no teslas."
"well hey, in their defense if we forget the past ever happened it cant hurt us and will *never* happen again."
"Oh, thank fuck, let me call off the pitchfork mob real quick."
I thought he does that already?
Well her win rate go's up by 1 percent in master league so just get better noobs
They should use the planter tubs in the shopping mall?
Maybe if the USA gives them more money they will like Christians more?
"Wouldnt be a good Idea, since Gamers dont go outside"
it is too late for establishment recording artists
Nah bro your just aren't #feelinthebern hard enough bro!
"Psychopathic fathers make for interesting lives (and therapy sessions), I find."
"Hm...21/4 balloons, 17/4 princes...19/4 giant skeleton...I wonder why anyone would donate epics?"
"Worst fate known to man, amirite?"
That O looks like an I
"That fight was setup just like the Pettis fight in WEC where they staged ""the kick"""
"To my knowledge, literally no one [not even in my dreams]"
But let's ban Kratom.
"Because obviously racism will go away if we pretend it never existed, and we're getting really impatient with all the black people who still haven't figured that out!"
Yeah bashing WWE direction and producing usually is met with fierce resistance here... especially when it comes to the commentators
Apple is great.
"As long as you never want to use IKEv2, the UTM is great!"
But non free float barrels can't be that accurate
Yeah you can't just say Meek won he's the Guardian of L's
"yeah, I totally didn't know what he was talking about until your comment."
"Damn you and your ""making sense of things"" kind of thinking"
I can tell you know a lot about the current stage of VR
Has anyone suggested maybe it was him?
"He's gonna give that one guy that punched out the protestor a ban full of weapons, another full of ammo, and total immunity."
Trying to hide his obvious gyno.
im no programmer but im sure he trying to hack me
Because they use no spread
"I have 4 showdown collectables, will that be enough for the set?"
Actually the Ohio ones are pretty cool.
My headmates disagree
Title of this post
"The finest that society has to offer, of course!"
"Yeah at least put a trigger warning for this lame pun, I'm half Mexican and this is putting me into shock"
Complaint posts aren't the highlights?
"So if I live to be 100 and don't ever buy insurance, the fine will be 100%?"
"Yeah, there was only six feet between them, positively claustrophobic lady..."
"I'd much rather have the racist, misogynistic, xenophobic, nativist authoritarian who is also a criminal!"
Because bigger numbers are obviously better
Damn White Knights.
"Yeah, like the French and the English."
The 30 FPS smoothness of the Xbone... Few have lived to achieve such graphical fidelity.
fuision sure is good
You mean to tell me that this didn't really happen?
"Its okay, ISIS will reunify the region and bring peace"
"Yes, I'll be sure to base the entirety of my opinions on unions from an anecdotal story of some guys grandpa in a Reddit comment on a page about stadiums."
Well...Uh...Are you stupid or something?
It's Shanahan's response to how fat Kessel is
Jails cost more than coffins
I bet you really with that Flying Graysons show got picked up right?
Yeah we don't want him our pride is too important... Fucking
Those females are inherently wicked!
"Cuff 'em, boys."
Someone with no sense of humor obviously.
"No silly, only men can be pedophiles!"
nice post DELTA PR GUY!
Quit persecuting us!
"Because the answer oftentimes boil down to ""I was indoctrinated and brain washed from birth."""
"Wouldn't want to offend all those people on death row, they already suffered so much."
That's really healthy _telling_ your loved one to do something for you instead of asking like a normal adult.
Just another example of Big Brother giving unfair advantages to certain HGs.
But I love Riot Games and League of Legends!
TIL liberals are really just trying to lull the establishment into a false sense of security
"But he kissed the badge, it's all going to be OK"
yeah that attitude will definitely help west and east ukraine find common ground that will lead to peace and stability
Guess no one ever told them about the titan Z
I'm sure this will work out just fine.
so suicide by gun is not a gun-related death then?
You forgot this
"Its a little known fact that if you are depressed even once in your life, you are never allowed to be seen happy in public ever again....."
"Yeah, give me that fun back."
"Well, I'd like to meet the wife before I decide how I feel about this."
Is there any chance of getting the torrent link of the software?
You're right.. String him from a tree of average height!
"We are FORMULA ONE Toronto sports fans, I'd like to think we are a little bit more sophisticated than the dudes who have been swinging the same wooden stick at the same leather ball since 1839 hahah."
have you tried taking a ice bath for 25 minutes i heard it burns 2000 calories
Oh gee.. the lack of exclusive fullscreen aka forced vsync- inability to use third party application overlays like MSI Afterburner/FRAPS etc Gee.. I'm in shock!
"Yes, we voted for Trump to bomb MORE countries"
"Haha, yeah, because taking a pill which for some people can cause depression (so they are against taking it) is comparable to a vaccination!"
"Why, with tax breaks of course!"
At least he doesn't have to deal with Obamacare
"Because Detroit's treasury is just overflowing, and they had to think of something to throw taxpayer money at."
"Except better accuracy than a jumbo on an arty, massive engine and different firing arcs and range for different shell types, theyre fairly equal."
This coming from a wise all knowing telepathic reddit user.
We'll have time to pay off our debts after we Make America Great Again
Lelixir Hollector
"Possibly not, but as we all know *all asian people look the same*."
"No, no one is allowed to use other people's arguments ever on this website ;)"
Idk man i imagine there would be a huge uproar if there were evidence turkey was supplying islamic terrorists
Did you know Jimmy Graham used to play basketball?
You deserve a raise for all your hard work
How dare them continue to put out content!
"Oh, is that how you upgrade USB to firewire?"
Where are the men?
"Yeah, but you know, calling racists racist hurt their feelings and that's how Trump got elected."
"Yeah, damn those *biased judges* and their *agenda*!"
"Yeah, because there are definitive sources for the anatomy of *made-up* creatures that all agree on this."
Yeah there's been no outrage about the Clinton Foundation.
Good thing they took a 20-30k pay cut for all that training and mentorship.
Except they should want to eat Americans because we're all fatasses
But I like the show!
Toe porn is an OSHA requirement?
Secret Agent Koscielny ensuring he doesn't get taken away by RM or Barca.
"Youtube comment This rapper sucks, i couldnt give 2 fucks, bout his age, he probly plays with tonka trucks"
Visit quickquid for fast easy money you can pay back on the same day
source here - story checks out.
"Right, we should just skip the peaceful civil disobedience and move straight to burning shit"
Because people that lightning your de storage will 100% your base
Yeah because Greece is historically a coward ally...
"But men can't be assaulted in the patriarch, you shitlord."
Implying bitch is a gender specific term ; die cis scum
no because because Meek owns all the L's Norm and teh 6 god said so
I'd rock a women are built for rape shirt
nice that you read my question and answered it
Why does no one want a sign and trade for our DPOY boozer
Stolen valor!
i one tap mid every time i buy a deagle... yesterday i got a lucky headshot... awaiting VACation :/
"you wouldn't understand, normie"
"Can't have the riff-raff hanging around, spoiling the view."
Well that sure adds a lot to the discussion.
"this is almost as bad as the time I found out my favorite artist listens to a band I dont like :,("
They've actually been *really* on point as of late.
I love that Limp Bizkit song!
My legs tensed up
GENIUS!
What's a front loaded contract?
"Stop being a misogynist, racist Berniebro."
It's the first track on the mindsweep
Try growing up in Somalia.
"""Criss-cross applesauce"" you racist dick!"
whatever roosterteeth
I thought he sounded like a completely personable individual.
"Whoa, chill on the racism, bro"
Money.
TIL the JavaScript Equality Table is Turing complete by itself.
"Yeah, but she's a delicate flower and smoking hot"
"tfw means the fuck within, people use it as the fuck within my ass."
LPT: always tell your electronics the truth
Silver scub lol
Yes because there are infinite people in the middle east
"I agree, I think they have no offense ...."
Am I gay.
Its even more dangerous with AMD
"Yeah, circlejerk comments should always be at the top."
"yeah man, fuck manners, if you have to have manners around your friends they aren't your friends"
"De 'ouderen' over ons kennen ook de bruine kroeg nog, die nu helemaal uit het straatbeeld verdwenen is"
Wait for the cloak of night and pull it off that persons car.
I guess I forgot a
"Optocoupler is a nice touch, it'll prevent damage to the phone's circuitry if something goes wrong"
"sorry I didn't meet your strict qs % to the nose, mine as well delete the thread and never trade again"
"Yeah, ass cancer is a joy compared to that."
But then you wont have that sick Windows brand USB stick.
"We have a black president, ergo all racism is over"
"Without midrats or a galley it's definitely not a ship, aye."
1 day or gtfo
This is bullshit - you're oversimplifying a complex situation to the point of no longer adding anything useful to the discussion
"FreeShop doesn't cost them much money in the first place, only bandwidth"
South is such a paradise
"Nope, white cops are always racist."
how dare women have their own preferences and choices!
Yeah and I was bullied for having too big a dick
"Yes, and Illuminati"
"""surprisingly"" Joss I know you're the biggest Marty fan out there"
What's their motivation to rework a corporate culture that's obviously working?
"They also murdered gay people for thousands of years, so that tradition obviously has a good track record on LGB issues."
Ya so cringey...
Good argument... It is now clear that democrats are the best...
How can you sample if you're just a rapper?
Ya because USA healthcare is A++
Well its nice to know he really is deeply involved in his job
"No and No, I haven't bathed in 2 weeks anticipating tonight"
Fuck you dude
"Yea i know, perhaps I should have added a"
Their accuracy compared to automatic movements is so annoying!
And we should never change the constitution
**Caleb Porter** for not putting in Adi because they would have destroyed us with him in the lineup.
"""then fuck me"" nice try bud"
Radio shack?
Clearly Trump is trying to protect us all from feeling ashamed about how dumb we all are if we see his awesome taxes and how genius he *really* is...
Sportsmen are real men.
I'm sure this guy is a huge fan of Atheists too
"A gameplay element like pulse being broken isnt an issue for you?...ok, sure... guess you're right"
Filthy casual
"I actually main him, he's best jungle"
shut up mayonnaise
Oh noes it's a house of cards we better repeal the whole thing.
"What's wrong with my recap thread, you piece of shit?"
"Yeah but is rich so none of that matters, unless he gives all of it away he is Hitler"
Shhh....I don't blame you for what you said....that is just the fempire talking
"The Remington has a scary military style bipod and scope, and *surely* you wouldn't need a bipod or a scope while hunting."
The sheer amount of time they must have used thinking of such a clever statement must be overwhelming
dats raycis
Great tank mine kill
That would require a massive balance change to shift the weight of the ship to slow proper viewing angles.
"Yeah you're right, and what a fucking shill Casey is for liking a Samsung product!"
"Hey, butterknives can be pretty scary"
Fuckin terrorist
Seems like legit science.
Black people
"[Using the microwave, 90 secs is more than 50 secs or a minute and 20 secs]"
"PFF, what's wrong with the fun cards"
"Just play a taunt, a heal or an AoE effect."
"Yea but, you're supposed to put it out."
"I think a lot of people have iq's in that range mine is 132, but i guess he has five points on me so he knows better"
"OP, nerf pls!"
I think I forgot the
Clinton foundation.
"Yeah sure, just change your metabolism."
Obama should throw her ass in prison.
He just intentionally waited until strong initiations were used.
So... A button that people press accidentally 500x a day?
"Someone accomplishes something that is very cool and difficult, better be a dick to make myself feel better about all these n00bs I get stuck with."
whoa... you're telling me that i can build something different without following instructions?
Definitely an
Yeah it has nothing to do with not wanting to kill an innocent child
"Yeah, that's way worse than anything Trump has said or done"
"It's like they are twins, separated at birth!"
I can't tell if this is
Hey they have the biggest safe space in Reddit
"Gee, can't believe this dumbass comment is at the top."
"Yeah, because no two comedians could possibly coincidently think alike for a particular topic like race."
"Abilities all together are broken, I just want to stand still and auto attack people until one team wins."
"Semi-automatic has automatic in the name so it's automatic, right?"
Definitely a farmable team
White power!
Aren't downvotes for disagreement?
Because hurr durr electric motors and electronics never ever give trouble.
I bet your answer would have sounded smarter.
ayyyye sorry I thought the dark moon worked as a de facto
yep we even had more than 5 kills between all 22 of us that didnt log off after 10 mins
You're supposed to spell out numbers under 20.
But converters don't matter!
Makes the Dark FG super easy!
"oh no, cupcakes..."
good luck with your old-content racist and genocidal meme.
"And she's white, so it's WHITE shopkeeper privelege!"
Lottery winners NEVER have fucked-up lives after they hit it big!
"You make a compelling argument, but I think it makes more sense that millions of people are willing to risk a 5 year prison sentence in order to add a single vote"
"All said, you should've got a RX480 though!"
looks like you need this
"That suicide after the KS, true alpha male."
Clever.... never seen that before!
"Jon Ryan was on American Ninja Warrior, why do you sound surprised about his fake punt?"
"Just daily pull a couple orlandu in a couple months, easy peasy."
That wasnt organized by their bosses at all.
I heard girls like a man who is straight to the point.
How dare she use the land that the state owns
"Nah, its not a smart idea."
"Pfft, there are no consequences for our internet shenannigains, don't be absurd."
"""Sounds like you need some more Democracy son!"""
Feminism has been falling since 1848.
"It's the first I've heard of it, but I'm about culturally appropriate it."
Politicians.
"Dude get a life, playing a game for 11 years."
This proves that global warming isn't real!
Probably when someone dropped a dung pie after a fight.
All of United's games
....right....
"Yeah but think of the *hassle* - It's just a lot easier to not do it, ya know?"
"They are, after all, each producing as much as 375,000 slackers."
"Oh yeah, well in Attila Total War, I had holdings in Scandanavia, England, Ireland and northern France by turn 35...."
But free speech
Got to give white people credit when it's due because we would have never ended segregation if it weren't for the Beatles!
Glennon
"And all women want children, and the brunt of pain, discomfort, and work of carrying, birthing, and raising children aren't typically all on the woman, especially in ass-backwards red pillers' worlds."
They should round them all up.
"At work, of course."
"So I shouldn't use brakcleen on my brakes, got it"
I'm more concerned that all the heterosexual kisses on the show are pushing the 'straight agenda' on our children.
If only we had the technology to see live pictures of a certain place.
How does it feel to have your career ended?
Stop playing against Trick2g in season 3 and 4.
"Nah, man, being told your material is too good is literally, like, the worst thing you could ever say to a comic"
you forgot your
"I am a big manly man, so I only play manly mobile games like Dragon Ball Z Dokkan Battle where I match colored bubbles, not these girl games like candy crush where you match colored bubbles!"
Can't wait for them to call for blanket ban on assault knives.
"his whip is made from lava man, don't be a dick"
A nuke after a 25 score streak
"Yeah, why didn't you choose to be paid more?"
Is this considered 1099 Work?
Because I wanted to see if there was someone who couldn't wait to show off that they know what Hiragana is as opposed to katakana.
"Yes, only SRS believe in not actively treating women like shit."
"Yea, but that's not what the movies taught me."
Drugs are bad and the war on drugs is working
"Yeha, so many debates have been settled by reading the first line of a dictionary entry."
"Had Wiglesworth been within earshot, she probably would have thought Tasha was talking about her."
"Yeah, because designing a card takes like 2 or 5 minutess each"
"Of course, they won agaisnt VP because their coach had autoaim"
"Yeah, because Apple didn't go on to become the most successful company of all time"
"I don't think he is saying racism against white people doesn't exist or isn't ""bad"", and neither am I. Let me explain further: white chicks: not racist Robert Downey Jr in tropic thunder: not racist Left pic from OPs post: racist Also keep the insults coming, it's nice having a civil discussion."
"yeah, now we can shut the sub down and be all done with that."
Did you tell him it was in the options?
"Because as we all know, you're only speaking your mind if you're saying racist things."
that's why all the pro teams use her
All the best leaders are.
Found the Historian
"Nothing like NASCAR and bleached assholes, but hotline bling would be a lot better"
the technology just isnt there yet
alright boys let's fuck him up
Sounds tempting
Lol u forgot the
"Well since your brain uses like 20% of your daily calories, maybe they can just think it really hard and burn all the fat without getting their lazy ass up"
you're so generous!
Wow so funny I lold so hard LMAO too funny
she identifies as a woman!
Obviously the Frenchman appropriated his language from the beautiful Africans!
"you're right, you might go blind, or spread aids that way"
You're the classiest person to ever post in this subreddit.
Then upload to YouTube of said Moonwalk.
Someone forgot the
twas but a joke my friend forgot
But the photo looks all old.
you must be fun at parties.
"This is a positive story and the trains look pretty cool, good thing they didn't announce it during the referendum"
"That's because all insurance company employees are greedy, evil pigs!"
Why doesnt everybody quit NATO then?
your*
Because sarcasm is conveyed well on the internet without some clear indication one was using sarcasm....
"Hopefully, this will shut up all those who say BJP is communal."
When I thought that Trump would be a good president.
Nah dog it's just catnip
He used 3 at the end so what are u complaining about?
A team tries to have the best opportunity to win a round uhh loll what idiots
Chitin
"but, what about N?"
Because Microsoft is clearly very concerned about sequential numbering.
At least it'd be in good condition if the time to sell it comes around.
Yep because there's only one way to get the results you want
I hope the premiere is just like this!
"He's not operating a motor vehicle, and he doesn't need to register his property if he's *traveling*"
Religious warfare rubric: Break a law in your religion +10 Increase tension locally +5 +30 extra credit for increasing tension between Russia and the USA Non-religious person killed +2 Religious person killed +1 Become a martyr +1000
You forgot the
"UN has also declared Indian national anthem as best anthem, in fact they have been doing this for last so many years, if you want source I can forward you email and WhatsApp message."
"Yea, but then I have to stop playing CoD/WoW/LoL for 30 minutes, and get changed, and stay away from that burning hot ball of fire in the sky."
"Well, we all know psychology is a male-dominated field."
I came here just to say this.
It's not like the LNP have ever politicised the suffering of others.
You must be a blast at parties.
I mean if someone was jerking off to your books you might be upset.
"Yeah, those cops are horrible for caring about the communities that they risk their lives protecting."
"Because Conservatives never have good ideas, they only ever make negative policy."
Must if misplaced his meds
FUCK YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
"But... that's not free, and I deserve free shit."
Weird how his hairline has gotten significantly stronger in the last 20 years.
Those damn *fundamental human rights* getting in the way again!
"Same, I hate when people play the game with a great tactic to do well"
"Indeed, protesting has no place in a fucntioning nation."
"As you can see, the original sign was *vastly* misleading."
"I've been watching the live feeds all season, and they're hardly playing"
So you're saying more fiber in our diets will kill us?
We want Iran to pledge allegiance to the Jewish state of Israel as a part of this deal.
He forgot his
I think he was using
But they're not racist though
It's clear Conor's touch-butt is too much for Silva.
"Yeah, it's so easy to cure depression."
I hear this guy has some excellent bets...
They should stream it on Twitch!
Give it to me if you don't use it
Needs that
I wonder how many self portraits the egotist has done?
"Edgy, offensive jokes are *sooooo* worth it, amirite?"
the issue is she has a vagina and therefore can only roll misses when attacking penis-equipped beasts.
Way to use the mom-death as a guilt trip!
If only this was higher up the thread...
"Yep when I think spy, I think character assassination and industrial espionage, Not you know, spying on our enemies or anything like that."
I know man like I said I totally deserved it
Who makes your keyboards and mice?
"Using my advanced powers of deduction, it seems like hating gays leads to running a quality establishment."
Aren't you just original
"Idk, you might have to fold them down to make clearance for that."
We don't appreciate logic in the Air Force.
TIL: Metro Manila is the Philippines.
They should make a team.
"I didn't ask for excuses, I asked for videos."
"wait, Andy Dalton's a CHRISTIAN?"
Flawless logic!
"That's because Jefferson was rich, you prick."
You dropped this:
You are such a white knight
time to get 10000k armor to counter this
"No, there was a heckler, clearly that's sexist and proof of how we're all anti-women and hellbent on keeping them down."
This comment enrages me and I am taking the time to down vote it.
We're still the monsters though
TIL if you dont use your phone it can last all day.
Because words on a piece of paper say so.
"Yeah forget his health, just make sure he's happy."
"Oh yeah, News Corp has *massive* oil/building/banking interests."
Oh really?
Australian releases I see
"But, wouldn't it just be easier to eliminate Steven Avery than it would be to frame him ?"
"Well, I mean our captain is a forward who plays as a dman, so..."
"Yeah, all these Trump supporters are ultra-PC"
He would need to paint his face brown and wear a turban (because there is zero difference between Muslims and Sikhs) to fully express his rights!
Its not always about *you*
"Careful with that trademark, I think Rockstar owns it currently."
"Yeah, but what the hell does Thomas Jefferson know about the Constitution."
You know Daily Mail readers don't care about that sort of thing!
Which explains why the top CEOs in the country are all women.
Usopp has a higher bounty so obviously he is stronger than Sanji.
Lock the missus in there when the hockey game is on.
"That's why we totally don't have tv shows like ""Deadliest Catch""."
"That's the thing, everything everyone wants is easy, problem free and a no brainer.. And we're all dev experts who know exactly how much work is involved and how much FarmVille the devs are playing instead of giving us voice chat!"
Oh how I love a girl with no internal organs
Now console player can have the PC experience!
Yeah nothing like 3 extra ammo in exchange for unlimited ammo with 3 head shots
What a fuckin' surprise
"If your dog lights things on fire, I am with your SIL."
Everyone knows it was the Szechuans...
Your rabbit is a privileged CIS asshole who probably lords its thinness over other rabbits who try their hardest to lose weight but can't.
"Go back to playing vidya games, you millennial toddler."
no he used the dragons through him... as in they went through him!
You sound like a great friend
#effyourbeautystandards
He's not cheating you're just a silver scrub
Don't you know that God gave everyone perfect teeth at conception and as long as they take personal responsibility for their eating habits and brush their teeth every night then there's no need for commie redistribution of wealth to fix a problem that's their own fault.
Yeah those bookworms are so loud and annoying
Because I'm sure no one gems their hero time to get more enjoyment out of the game
TIL: Dentists are qualified to advise my sex life.
WOAH there turbo... you just spoiled the fuck out of LOTR...
Quinn sucks.
Brees is a hack who will never amount to anything
Probably because bloodsucking parasites like you are filling up on water willy-nilly without paying
Your lack of respect for cultural diversity is appauling!
"Yeah, fuck innovations."
Yup Im just gonna ID everything yup yup
"Well, what are you hiding then?"
Nice Shot!
So... you tried to prevent people from assembling to hear a man speak... nice to know that Canada upholds basic human rights.
Yes stone the commie
"Assholes get women, confirmed."
"Yeah, living in a part of the world where it never gets colder than 60* is so depressing."
"Blindsided, never saw that coming!"
User name relevant to how I feel
"And remember if you're a student, Election Day is always on Wednesday."
"Seriously, it's just that simple."
"Har har, first time I've heard that one before!"
"I agree, on the discussion of and polling the election of a president, do not allow Trump's camp near there"
wow wasn't expecting that
Super balanced groups
Shouldn't have to pay for car insurance either I'm never using it just paying thousands of dollars a year.
This joke never gets old!
I sincerely hope you dropped this-
I'd still prefer Scotty Parker over him in a relegation scrap
Someone didn't get a bid.
I am sure Trump referencing becoming unshackled will play well with Black Americans.
Its funny coz a pit is a trap and your flair is pitlord And they say arabs have no sense of humour
Oops forgot my
he was 280lbs though really...
Vast een moeilijke jeugd gehad
Reappropriating....
Well if you're watching this scene with children present you wouldn't want them to hear the foul language would you?
Trumpies love True Conservative 90-something year old women.
You dropped your
but the fantastic PK abilities
....this cannot be overlooked!
It means something to me... in my heart.
I know.. So many more people dying than usual.
Nice to see homophobia is still alive and well
"Oh great, more remakes."
You mean cuckropean.
"Since you asked me so nicely, sure - SoI would be nice."
"Not only should we pay our players more, we should make All Black games televised on free TV, take out the Jaguares, Sunwolves, Rebels and Kings from Super Rugby and lets send the All Blacks to tour Tonga...."
"Once Republicans realize that the policy changes they are pushing for will effectively create an entitlement for literally everyone in the country to demand special treatment, making them by default the most Liberal party in the United States, then I'm sure they'll walk it back in a little bit."
He just needs to take a page out of Cam Newton's book and not dive after contested balls.
Yea fuck have a big house and nice car!
So its going to be another early SNSD ripoff?
this is why we should censor the internet
Only one more day until Ode to Dan
Taking away that one salary will totally make up for paying the thousands of other workers those company's employ
Are you still in qualifiers?
What did he mean by this?
Dick
Obviously the sarcasm symbol is needed otherwise people downvote
"Wait, I thought that gay people were ruining the sanctity of marriage."
That's just cause he never had to guard himself.
Try teaching an engineer anything!
"Shhh, spoilers."
"Get out of here with your kindness and respect, I came here to fight"
"The thing is that you don't understand that ""clean"" is a goal in itself, only bad programmers think about practical costs!"
"[During Illidan's encounter with the Elder Naaru, he got hit by a ray of Light and expected to be gravely hurt, as it ""usually happens"".]"
"Total bullshit, because karma on a throwaway is SO HOT RIGHT NOW."
Then obviously they need to gain weight.
"Parkey is white, he obviously won't be traded"
Well that just proves she wasn't racist at all then
shoulda started on a 250.
How can they sue the wind farm operators if it had nothing to do with wind farms?
Kobe woulda gone back in the game regardless
"sure, overlook the fact its a chevy engine.. :p"
He's just merely ok
"Yeah, must mean she's anti-women's rights because she had something against the few women that had affairs with her husband."
Luckily the same people are invading Reddit too!
0/10 not an actual dinoman
"Good on him, taking the moral high road."
Finally found a meaningful purpose for algebra.
thank you for sharing your results.
Because you need GeForce experience to use an Nvidia card
"Wow, you sound like a classy lady"
I didn't know you can show the actual 4k panel PPI density through a screenshot
so much for that universal healthcare
You forgot this:
How dare you not understand memes.
wow thanks newegg now i can finally afford the mother board
Careful you dont catch lesbian from the toilet seat
"Washed up adc in NA, nothing special at all"
That's why he hanged himself.
"It's been a year, another delay wont kill you"
"Oh no, I feel so baaaad...."
Ness adds Ninten
Those evil Zionist forcing those poor poor Palestinians to do that... We should wipe that evil country off the map and let those peaceful and heroic Hamas take care of the area.....
I get anything grande because I like tall drinks.
"no, we're talking about things that actually happened"
This is my favorite reddit post!
"That ""biased liberal media"" is constantly using Trump's own words against him instead of twisting them to mean what he retroactively says they meant."
Bold claim considering he has 2 years left on his contract and will be a lock for the hof when he's done.
Not to be confused with Frito Lay-kin.
"If I can be filthy rich and work hard to be beautiful 24/7, then you could put your back into it a little harder, darling."
"Yeah, millions of users is such a small user base how could you ever make a profit?"
"You could still use an electric one, they get just as hot."
"If you're serious, PM me Otherwise, minions have all the answers!"
Yeah this is much more scary than previous centuries...
Have you not experienced are awesome roads and our ability to openly shit all over gay people?
And an education system that is being subsidized by the state would have absolutely no incentive to make sure students are in support of the said state.
He doesn't need a source dummy
But i heard that dogs mouths were 100x cleaner than a humans.
"See, Trump is winning battleground states!"
"He figures he rolled it once (hence the chop), so he already got that out of the way."
Or even worse they could end up like Europe
Ye facking furry
"But his entertainment show is filmed with a crew and he stays in hotels when he's not filming, so that invalidates all of the badass shit he's done and now he's a pussy."
Yeah all those rich German Jews who the Nazis totally spared Or the Jews who weren't rejected from places like Harvard because of quotas
I don't see any problem with this country having nukes.
Cool its all 4 styles of the invention cape.
"Come on stop whinging, Abbott just saved you twenty bucks, people should be able to afford the five easy enough."
"Yeah, how silly for that name to come out when all anyone had to go by was a picture of a damaged animatronic that looked cobbled together from used parts"
"Because she's a human being, not cargo, you fat-shaming shitlord!"
Some could argue it's been a struggle since the beginning of man.
"If the market wanted your opinion, it would ask for it."
"No no no, it's not a pyramid, it's a round table!"
That's how much FPS I lost
"Yeah, like a casino with sweet waterfront views!"
"Don't worry, they followed all the correct procedures!"
"Well, apparently Mexico keeps sending their worst people to the US, sounds totally plausible to me."
Good thing Stiney doesn't!
"Yeah, those parents whose kid was murdered really need to toughen up."
"Just quit fouling him, he can't make a normal FG."
totally not fake
I think he had a
Maybe that's why agreeability with assisted suicide is growing.
"Oh yeah, he's just hideous."
So easy and simple
Representing all the core values of jailbreakers!
lol he was a Jayhawk doe
"Yeah, it was his fault that he got rear ended, that makes perfect sense and is the only reasonable conclusion that can be drawn from this."
"bro, we all know insurance companies are out to screw people and claims people are the devil."
Don't you know strangers know better than your doctor?
"Well then they stole it, you should have them fired"
Good post
Hilarious
Yeah the Patriots really pressured Wilson on his injured knees
How shocking that clueless conservatives are trying to spin history and the facts!
You forgot the
You have it wrong she was actually just a blonde wig on fire.
"Your the smartest person ever, have you ever thought of joining the government and stoping all the worlds problems."
"Those slaves weren't black, so they weren't as athletic."
So what you're saying is if I want a job I should do more raids.
Get your teammates to abandon instead!
Did Melo fire them?
What a good frat
"Yeah, get those greedy Jews like Bernanke away from mah Money supply!"
"Right, because no one's motivated by greed."
"Yeah, OP, you're such a loser for being creative and being able to make awesome stuff."
Guys can't be raped.
Oh wow I can't see a SINGLE way that this is copyright infringement!
"But I like the warmer weather, so I'm not worried."
Dota 2 invented dynamic loading screens and the option to disable them
ah yes the falcon is definitely comparable in performance to this
So it gets you higher?
Great police work.
In all reality i would rather eat bacon every day then have a child
This'll be a good thread
"Yeah, they should have been put up in state-sponsored hotels for the rest of their lives for killing civilians in cold blood."
Omarosa should be a hit with SJWs
For my money this is the single greatest Wrestlemania match of all time.
"Doesn't matter bruh, still won the fight."
This has nothing to do with Islam
i think he forgot the
"They are job creators, we can't put them in prison."
"that's just whiterabbit, what are you talking about"
That 6 hours was a classic moment tho
I tried stealing second base and ended up in a SAPR briefing.
but I would like to stress it wasn't racially motivated
"Yeah, because countries define the people who live in them"
lets make zed even more useless in late game team fights...
Private Industry will self regulate
"*pushes up glasses* Um actually fredbear caused the chomp of 83, not the bite of 87."
Phew lucky everyone loves my team being the center of the hockey universe and all
that is why you put it on the icon with the little guy running!
"Because you want more BS to turn away new players, yes?"
Itz nawt the religin it's just ignorince.
Saving energy for the playoffs.
uninstall dota pls nub
That's the job of the Progressive Unionist Party
No no no cars are going to MEXICO... It's all the others jobs that China is taking haven't you heard Trump lately?
What's the reason?
So which side are we choosing to win in popularity and game the system?
so he's blind right?
At least he asked for consent!
"Thank god we've got this champ here to show who and who isn't a ""real"" gamer."
Because bags once a year hurr durr
and now First wish has synergy with Pantheran!
gg rito fix ur unplayable gaem
If you read it first time does that mean you can read ar11?
Who?
All that can be done if you would main xing
"Moyra2Benz wrote: Nah man I don't have a problem with minorities generally, just when they start being around me or talking or doing things that start reminding me that they exist and that I don't in fact live in an Aryan utopia."
"Nice, now he find a job, where he earns more money then Cloud9 combined"
it's possible - if he or she is ugly.
That whopper was so good that he deliberately gave himself amnesia so he could experience the taste again.
Only monkeys can fly.
"yea no shit, that was super insightful."
What is eight equals d?
You deserve every downvote you get
"Yeah, they should make small tickers on a band instead."
How dare you say Saddam did anything effectively!
Sounds like paradise.
I can confirm the ebook seems to have avoided this problem.
"Calling him/her a ""yes""."
women dont have a message button.
"Yeah, screw big screens and surround sound!"
"Out of sheer gratitude for his outstanding loyalty, obviously."
"Hey guys, we should tone down the game for the weak tummies!"
Because being able to defend yourself is such a horrible thing.
"Jokes on you, cheese is orange"
You did solve a hunger problem as well though.
forgot
OH MY GOD YOU MODS ARE SO BAD HOW DO YOU NOT HAVE A SPLYCE FLAIR YET
Thats rape
"Goddamnit guys, everything is in column A or column B."
"You are obviously a bigot, racist, and a homophobe."
Because suicides are only committed with guns.
But this is from loony Alex Jones so it's not at all credible.
I adore her
No
ios version pls?
"Ah yes, much more reasonable"
"Damn wimminfolk, dragging men down!"
THE ONLY PEOPLE WHO DRINK PABST ARE HIPSTERS.
"the ""poor choice"" not to work herself to death for someone else's benefit."
The concern that Breitbart has for members of the Democratic Party running for office is truly touching.
Inflation dude
You forgot this:
I'm an experienced SimCity player and I can tell you all of that work should only take a few days.
"Well, it is impossible to be an attractive woman and anything other than a whore."
When they update the game.
"Subtle racism, love it"
Mods being great again.
"But I'm an engineer and I claim what you're saying would never happen (despite the fact I won't tell you what type of engineer I am and what companies I've worked for, nor what role I played in them.)"
"Jim Plunkett won with Oakland, and then again with Los Angeles."
"He was supposed to let her speak and stop silencing trans voices, of course!"
Yea because it is too farfetched that Rebels would like to imperials.
"Sent this in, got accepted twice!"
Well I mean you said it's connected to a Schiit so...
"Because ""Hilary can't focus on trump"" as if that's a real concern, if Hillary has it so tied up why would it hurt her have Bernie still in the race, after all Americas overwhelming choice is obviously Hillary"
It's tradition.
You should make a ticket for customer support!
**IS** you are retarded?
Can we post his Social Security number?
TIL that rattlesnakes are the second most dangerous snake in the world
Kevin White went from 1st rounder to Duke AD in one year.
CLG Pobelter confirmed?
"No, the Japanese own everything in America now"
So what you're saying is to do 1/8 squats?
Does she know Neil Degrasse Tyson?
"Common scrub, buy packs to get your bench deep enough to complete it!"
"Yeah, it would be so good if everyone was as greedy and had morals as low as the guys at the top."
but #10 shouldn't be worn again!
TIL Buzz Aldrin is dead
"Cause he's a racist, right?"
"Yeah he would be broken beyond mesurment, release vayne/xin levels of broken"
"Yeah, that would have turned out great..."
Correct haha should have made it obvious and put
"Would you liked hear about your lord and savior, menstrual cup?"
"Yes, GoPro's have automatic pan and tilt..."
"He sings left handed, but was given a microphone for right handed people."
Isn't it obvious the boy anticipated the next round of the AK and played dead immediately after receiving a shot to the chest?
"Na, it would shrink the area of the field he can get the defense into PI traps."
"Pfft, it's basically just penicillin."
...but everything changed when the fire nation attacked?
It's great that they added more mechanical cows though.
"Woah buddy, better slow down with the roids there."
"If you can't setup a home server to avoid FOIA requests and reduce transparency, then who would ever want to be secretary of state... the accountability would be too stressful!"
"Have you seen how skimpy it looks, he was basically asking for it!"
"Good job, Stuxnet Mk.II."
But private capital is a social construct!
You dropped this:
"oh yeah that's about as great as being told, ""I have to love you, BUT I don't have to like you"""
"Their child is not a neighbor, so it's different."
like they did with trist right
Much easier than just not killing people.
"But ""Sky"" is a legal contrivance.. not like ""sky"" would be."
"Thank God we still have Steve Harvey, not sure what will happen to the world once he's gone."
"Very happy, that's why it's fenced in."
HURDUR then explain why this winter was so cold you dumb scientist
When you smell poop.
No you're being racist
That's less cinematic!
EA remembers when he did in Middle School lol
"You must be in the same neighborhood as me, since one person's personal experience with one week of beta testing has proven beyond the shadow of a doubt that they don't exist anywhere but where you and I presumably are."
Take your cis assumptions elsewhere shitlord!
And you guys are totally getting him in 2021!
"Yes, their entire lives should be wholly devoted to NMS now."
"Oh yeah, no shit, damn everytime I see a cop hes fucking shooting at me."
"Thanks, Obamacare."
Just another lie to add to the list... You truly live up to your nickname: woody the wolf!
It probably mutated with all the radiation and such
Aethists is what you mean
Can I substitute goats with sheeps in front of the Apple Store in the next few days?
Definitely worse than #gapisclosing featured team like tsm and then fans crying for letting them down again one more time.
Pushpak
But communism.
"No, because remember, only women have suffered from sexual abuse throughout human history, never men!"
"If you didn't pay $30 for it, it's not an expansion."
Just another example of how OP monks are
"Totally agree, we shouldn't have self-driving cars because of nuclear war"
"What, you treat them like regular people?"
"Come on 30+ million vs 1+ million, that's like the difference between five and six"
They would vote for Donald Trump!
Maybe to other three got really depressed about the first one.
Good thing a vehicle can never do as much damage as a firearm.
"To be fair, they never found the original book."
It's when Jigglypuff's shield pops and she flies off the screen.
Jesus can nobody take a joke on this giving website without an
My opinion does matter.
"Yes, because mana syrm totally needs a buff."
I thought red bull were the only team that doesnt follow the spirit of the regulations?
"No no no, you have to be granted permission to pay for the food and services."
But its a moral disaster!
Well this doesn't sound like insider trading.
"Wow, such deep philosophy."
Did it overheat?
"They""re*"
"You know I was discussing the negroid and their time preferences at my local, white male only, ancap, thursday brunch, and we came to much the same conclusion."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HILARIOUS!
Have you met his grand pappy?
"Man, don't come at me with logical reasoning like that...this is rivalry smack!"
Oh yes I'm sure you're the only one.
that would really show Harper
"Yeah, this guy making funny jokes.. soooo annoying..."
But it's a peaceful religion!
Well submitting bug reports on the forums is improving the game sooo much.
Phil Jones has been injury free for weeks now mate.
but poker was around in the wild west days...
I sure hope the IMF will be alright without the money they were owed!
"By not having the ""be a bitch"" syndrome like yourself"
What's the difference?
I guess we should remove all door locks then
"I'm sure HRC would sponsor something, get her best people on it or something."
lol yeah fuck the constitution!
Yea or maybe they need an extra time for an extreme huge patch
I only use vim because I can't figure out how to close it
It's sym*bology*.
LOL 4CHAN XD BUT I'LL NEVER GO THERE BECAUSE ITS SCARY.
She is a girl soooooooooooo
White people don't matter
Bitches don't know that I love this song.
"Yeah, but you didn't do those while strapped, so forget it."
SAVING TAX DOLLARS.
No he told you them because they only show T1
"Those damn pilots, nonners man, I swear."
Nooo Neji *had* to survive until later to bring Naruto and Hinata closer together!
But they added the chin cleft too!
Wonder how many butch women turned gay men straight
Not 60 fps=shit.
"She needs attention, leave her alone!"
They're censoring the artistic expression of man
Oh yeah because you know Call of Duty before Modern Warfare never had any snow levels especialy not during the Soviet missions
"Dude idk, it says the astros are the home team on the ticket, who cares that Houston is 1,000 miles away from Milwaukee and Chicago is less than 100 away, Astros are the home team."
And obviously if you take the electronics apart to learn about them you're purposefully trying to scare people!
"You are right, fuck it, lets just not bother trying."
"Ugh spoiler alerts, people...jeez"
"Hey now, this was an honest effort and I take offense to you deeming it a shitpost"
It's your fault for not warding enemy base when your carry wants to dive T4 towers 1v5.
"Well, atleast he apologized."
Grrr damn those evil westerners!
Oh that's it movie ruined
"I don't attack vorago unless it is reflecting, then I use tsunami from the adren built up from defensive abilities"
Same thing
Never knew you had to be good in order to post on this sub.
Still get the same fps as you do on normal settings
But the 18+ players arn't playing Professional CoD either
Get out of here you entitled socialist!
"Sure, he did, but we all know"
I'm SURE this is the case...
You forgot about ACORN!
Just buy one from them
But what's the point in rescuing the dog if nobody sees it?
"And voters need to own land and be working, if you don't pay taxes why should you be allowed to vote."
"Yeah, abortion of all those black babies was how 42nd street and Times Square got cleaned up."
"Yeah, we need Facebook to buy MoYu."
"Idk man, he has been on fire these past couple weeks"
"I'm tired of the hate for these lieutenants, these are your leaders, you all need to show them more respect right now."
You seem like a really nice guy.
"Wait, that explains UBoats!"
It's a FILM
Obviously from the two years before your console's planned obsolescence kicks in and it self-destructs by choking on dust five minutes after the warranty runs out.
You have an optic flair your opinion is completely invalid
sed
Maybe this one is a secret Democrat?
"Yes, because all guys are against abortion and their opinion shouldn't matter even if they're fathering the potential child."
Because making money is *always* directly related to how good a movie is.
Combines my two favorite things: smug superiority and comparing myself to nazis
"Yeah, my sister totally shouldn't have a gun because at 110 pounds she can fight off a rapist just as easily as this large, male bouncer fought off a gunman."
Well she didn't INTEND to do it so obviously it's totally all right.
Just like the original from quake or the Hero's Tail from the Witcher or the Arkham Cowl from Batman or the Dayjogger from Blade or the Dadliest Catch from Octodad or the Alien Cranium from Alien
top half
Yeah I would hate for white people's feelings to get hurt when discussing racism :/...
"Too many water orbs, this post is a travesty"
"But it is so ugly, best pull it down"
Wow sounds like you'd be a great dad
"But apple knows what you want better than you do, ALWAYS."
Parody!
"Good idea though, but will use a less valuable machine!"
It's not like WotC makes other games besides Magic.
"[I think I enjoyed arnie in total recall more, though T2 is a better film overall]"
I had thought so but your incredible counter arguments have convinced me otherwise.
"Pfff, who wants to swing for 5 on turn 2 ?"
To benefit from hackers
"Yep, THIS is what's wrong in the world."
"I love to feel the wormness of pee, not going to lie..."
"Well, obviously we don't have enough guns in the hands of enough people yet."
"Wait, you mean playing with toys marketed to the other gender WON'T turn kids into sexually-deviant gay MONSTERS?"
That PT Cruiser can take all three of those cars easy.
I thought the Hawks were a part of the 2009 expansion?
"Yeah that's why I like to grope women in public, it's not like I'm penetrating them right?"
It's nice to see they learned a lesson from the Facebook IPO.
"Nuh uh, that's ad hominem, mods, ban this guys"
"He didn't call her an uppity n[.....], so it's obviously not a racist comment, just political hyperbole."
buys the company and later kills it off
BRAH HIS LEAN BMI IS ONLY 45 THATS TOTALLY ACHIEVABLE NATTY AT 80 YEARS OLD
at least the jackets fit
Everything belongs to the US.
Time for another medium roasting of an entitled millennial.
But how am I meant to farm Aghanims/Refresher on shadow shaman if I have to buy wards and courier?
"Man, I love how approachable and user-friendly Firefox is."
Who wouldn't want a holiday in Cambodia?
I still support my local blacksmith's union.
"Oh yes just a Kenyan and he was going to ""have his lawyers find him out"" my bad that is a lot better"
LOL so bad xdd HaahHAHha uninstall
Someone tried to write like somebody else and I don't like it.
Iowa State: 2-10 Unless we win today.
two years ago he was acting
"Meanwhile, on the other side of town I had an outage for a couple hours last night because TWC is the best provider ever."
I think the real thing we can take from this is that jungle is so easy that you can just not be at your computer half the time and still get first blood.
No.
because an a military response is the best idea
that was the joke mate do i really have to do
"""Hashtag activism"" is totally pointless and never accomplishes anything."
#oscarssowhite
De oplossing tegen zinloos geweld tegen NS personeel is om gewoon iedereen een reden te geven om ze te haten zodat het geweld niet meer zinloos is!
This is funny every single time anyone ever brings up a dog.
What a glorious new age twitch ushered in
you forgot the
"""Can we do that peanut butter thing again?"""
The GOP saving us from peace and prosperity again.
Source?
"If you can't beat someone standing up, you don't deserve to win."
Just offer me a free eye or two...
but why cant you beat it faster?
"Yes, internet drama is more important than hardware quality!"
Yeah because there exists a setup than can push anywhere near that
"You don't have kids, you wouldn't understand"
"He's not a dead beat dad, he's just temporarily down on his luck."
Might as well let him kill some innocent people first
Join my city-state!
Does that mean that Wilson will become a deep ball thrower?
ONG FONNTIME TOY SPRINGTRAP CONFIRED
"They are trying to be edgy, how are you try to ruin it!"
u cant even spell way correctly u faking morron
"Pssss, his swing arm isn't even extended, must not be real."
"Anything less than this is ""casual"""
Studies have shown studying math and english also enhance abilities in math and english.
"Oh, that makes it worth the price for sure!"
I'm sure he'll thank me for them later in life.
Pics or GTFO
They would have forced them to move to Lents!
He was a Republican so he must have been a terrible president right?
Lizards
But then it would be pay to lose
"but the palestinians are the terrorists, right?"
And thats why we tell the truth kids!
look how well that worked.
see how the media has made the population loose their trust in the police?
well santa isn't real so this fatass is lying
"So the game encourages you to be a better player,whats wrong with that?"
"No, no one would want that."
Because thongs and g-strings were invented after 2003.
And lesbians and fat women
"Wow, what an insightful way to add to the conversation."
I'm sure he'll be getting monster yards once Gabbert is throwing him the balls.
You dropped this
Next in the Turkish news: USA buying oil from ISIS
this guy at work who's like a total MMA expert told me so it must be true
"I know, we should just be happy she at least plopped him in front of a screen this time instead of letting him scream in his crib in the dark."
"Yeah, you can pretty much swap Drexl and Jim Gordon and nobody would tell the difference."
OMG Deaborn Muslims are Islamophobe Zionist entities!
"Yeah, I mean they all look like that."
I saw I can also print a car right?
Bret Easton Ellis
What an adult thing to say
"Yay, war!"
"Oh yeah, because there are no bad mannered players in all of Europe."
"Oh god no, why would people stop blaming Activision."
"And fair and balanced, no doubt."
"void vs ags at the same combat level, yeah clearly"
So what you're saying is coffee shops with recent mortgages are going to be hit twice as hard.
There's roads in India?
Gotta get clicks somehow
"No wonder why he has no fucking clue what he's talking about, we can't get AR-15s in this state anymore so how could he be expected to know better"
"Psh, some friend, didn't even invite you to his wedding."
Stop assigning gender so early in the baby's life.
Zoos are evil!
Santi comes across as not a very nice person i think.
"Yellow seat, yellow Aerospokes, yellow tires, and a yellow chain"
"Making it a Bad Thing, by definition."
"I mean, he's TECHNICALLY sound, and he has great camerawork, but he's just not the most exciting streamer, which is why he's not the big draw on Twitch that he should be."
I'm sure you're fun at parties
"Well, maybe you need to STUDY IT OUT"
"Cuz he's successful, and everyone knows the only successful people are white or oreos!"
Pleb not always on your pc no wonder I'm the only 9k player in dota cause I never leave my moms basement
You forgot the
"But hey, patriarchy, women are not taken seriously by the doctor, nevermind what they teach at medical school."
So funny!
If I had known that a WDC meant him leaving I might have cheered for him years ago.
hashinshin
Just because Taiwan always performs in international tournaments for a few years doesn't mean they are good.
"""But let's give it back to them because even when they were stupid, they should never learn from their mistakes!"""
Show us a picture of her in the underwear!
You forgot to type the
"You spelled ""Chess"" wrong."
It's missing the part where she immediately drops her panties and has a three-way with his two friends while he is left out
Literally.
I get upset when the Australian Prime Minister isn't the most pro-Canadian Prime Minister evah.
"Yeah Doom, he's such a good guy, just misunderstood!"
I want the one with the soldier with a stomach ache.
"You know, don't quote me on this, but I'm sure the Republicans are to blame somehow."
"For the first time ever, I actually find something good on the East Coast."
"Yeah, so delusional - psh, you don't get to *choose* where you bank."
Well obviously all Mexicans are illegal.
Well that explains why the government spent $40b trying to get the world cup then.
That whore!
"Nah man, people on reddit for sure always know what they're talking about, you should trust them."
Josh McDaniel's
Don't you know 4WD makes you stop faster too
"Yeah, that was the point of the article."
"I love that game, but thanks to my lovely government i can't buy anything online :-)"
"No no there was a bug on his throat, he was trying to squash it I think."
So the fat person that ate 10 farts was right!
"Obviously it wasn't world news, come on man think about it"
I don't think the oilers have ever given away such a good player.
We should actually make homophobia and anti-semitism a requirement for immigration.
Listening to Moonman I see
But..but that's different
Yea and cloud 9 was undefeated and they made it so far into worlds
"How can you say that, it'd be so hard to get a job (like it isn't now), etc, etc."
"Kobayashi Maru, filthy casual."
"You are right people say ""ouch"" when something feel good."
"Pfft, things like investment in education and systemic reform that would prevent bankruptcy wouldn't do anything to reduce crime."
You forgot
"Because there are no legal brown people in the United States, duh."
"I don't know man, my parents forcing me to do my schoolwork AGAINST MY WILL, AS A SLAVE, ALL THE TIME is just like pushing that grind stone!"
Good answer.
"Fine, mate* Learn2leddit"
In the mean time your teammates all still died so you failed at being support
"whatever you do, don't vote green!"
He forgot
"Well, it's from a ""United Insider"" so I'm thinking it's true ..."
sounds like disproportionate response to me.
Spandam
"""I will rid america of nipple veins"" Another promise Obama didn't keep."
Thats not Don Cherry!
Well the state is liberal.
How is that possible when the PQ snatches up all the anglo students and puts them in detention camps ?
"yes, their stories about how their parents achieved the american dream in a different socioeconomic climate that existed 30 years ago is completely relevant to the american dream being alive and attainable to today's youth."
"You've come to the wrong neighborhood, 12.99 or leave"
Lebron should have got Finals MVP in 07!
What if Suarez had done that to the little girl
"its tumblr you cis transphobe, check your privilege"
Well that sure was obvious
"Your facts include the phrase ""believe me"" Those are some strong facts."
sweet now he can sell it and buy something reliable to ride :)
"If they had done their contractz correctly in the first place, then this would not have happened."
"Yeah, and I doubt high schools have nothing to do with the obesity rates, giving out chocolate milk and crappy pizza, ugh..."
"Oh no, someone with a not-so-popular opinion, get him!"
Yeah too bad he didn't send her to the hospital!
"Yea, seven players thinking they can get away with doing nothing.. can't wait."
What a great trial
"You could try keeping your pokemon healthy, that might work"
"It does signify a more ""global"" brand though, and we all know when someone says ""global"" they mean ""America"""
"No, let's just blame his stepfather on everything."
Start the story that it is a dictatorship and claim inhuman treatment of the natives.
"Women's intuition being best for fixing memory leaks, while more manly modes of thought prevail in the use of perl compatible regular expressions."
Ramadan was a month ago bro muslims can't be chubby now
"Usually people use Machiavelli's ""The Prince"" or Sun Tzu's ""The Art of War"" to learn lessons about politics and organization, but I guess Harry Potter is like the same thing"
This is a good way to spend tax payer money.
wow that's completely relevant and similar
"Whenever I want nuanced, enviro/economic distillation, I turn to the Toronto SUN."
That even creepier.
Yeah like gun control.
Sexist!
Steam bent.
"PRO-WHITE ISN'T ANTI OTHER RACES, HERITAGE NOT HATE"
Neither are children since the child labor laws.
I take my hygiene seriously
Some day we'll miss the glory days of extracting GameData directories
Why don't they just move to North Korea?
"Its the games he plays, I bet it can run Papers Please at max detail fine"
Pressing W is essentially blink.
"Correct, but four rights does make a circle!"
So you're saying Saitama can't just NLF through every character?
A ticket to a musically-event duh.
"Mosquitoes.....they are definitely the biggest Plague, then maybe Fly's."
Because Ghost spent more time on the FMV and trying to make everything shiny and wet :v They know gamers just want something that's pretty.
"No, he only hates feminazis."
"Well, now she's just being unreasonable."
"If you're so educated, find a way to get out of debt!"
This is definitely not a joke
"Wow, I totally did not see that coming..."
I swear that's an Arc'teryx flannel shirt....
Really not much there... Although we could bring back Heskey and Owen on a free
I'm sure this will be affordable...
"Well, since she had the power to change the tax code single-handed as a Senator, she certainly could fix the entire Middle East overnight."
The dog or the guy
How equal
"News Flash: In Egypt, only hideously ugly women go to college."
Now available on the pirate bay!
It was her fault
"Wow, that makes sense"
7 now with the bonecrusher
What about in the Final Four?
Once debt slavery is introduced again there is a new opportunity to use these mercenaries to invade emerging markets for fun and more profit.
"Yeah, that additional 10 mm is surely making night and day difference."
I hope they play Lenny Kravitz for the 100th time this week
The only bad here is sparky
Clearly Kimi's collecting money to pay for his seat in Ferrari
"Yea, people totally don't know about why they are paying $75 for an aspirin."
"because men can't be raped, statuatory or otherwise"
That last guy laying in the corner playing on his phone smh
While they are at it they should pick up all those potheads and throw them in the slammer!
He does
"*PC port of entire game is bad* I can't believe PC players are complaining, this is on you guys for buying a PC, PC players are so entitled"
Obviously un-biased.
Wonderwall
"""How is this *not* true?"""
Your so cold hearted
"Well, Rosie is a liberal and libertarianism is about knee jerk reactions and hating on liberals."
"whoa, what party?"
Meta-humor is incredibly ablest shitlord.
The Imperial Freedom Star is the name the Empire gave it before those bloody Rebel terrorists basterdized it.
Yeah and mike Brown was responsible for all the cavs wins when lebron was there....
Maybe they know something we don't.
I run DOS instead of Windows 10 because I end up with easier access to tools that can be used to fix the computer with DOS than I do with Windows.
"Better ban all those family bathrooms and unisex bathrooms too, because men can just start raping women in there too."
It's such a wonder these types of shootings don't happen in a firearm rich environment.
Shocker!
"Totally a fad, everyones going to back to tacobell once the fad is over."
Oshit misogyny in action
You seem to be very salty about being called out on your salt
I wonder why you answered that way
But there is Call of Duty
Yeah because this is so harmful
**Well he shouldn't have BROKEN THE LAW**.
"Of course, because we all know blacks aren't people right?"
"Barriers to entry are only created by the government and their crony-capitalist ways, duh!"
"I want this screen, but in old gen"
Maybe they were also hit by the ammo shortage?
Ahahaha too soon.... too soon
Patton was a German general?
Have you tried upgrading?
"Yes, the camera flash makes it a smartphone."
"Yeah, I mean that Jerry West guy is a bum, only winning 1 Final."
"So does this mean I can sell mine and make money for myself, too?"
Lol OMG you're so funny x-D
Oh to be in high school in Beijing again &lt;333333333
"Yes, let's judge our entire defense by the stats of a single player."
ya la ya la my flair means I deserve downvote la
Like a boss!
Hurp a durp another anti-cop circle jerk on Reddit!
Can I bet it was Kirby's and Stan stole credit
Bill Gates said it too.. I guess it is time to stand in awe of this unheard of intelligence.
It worked for Piers Morgan.
My comment might have needed a
[I was just talking out of my ass]
Hasn't stopped Obama
yeah but she probably deserved it
We definitely didn't shore up any weaknesses or anything.
Yeah these refugee kids might grow up to be rapists!
pcmasterrace
"Yeah right, it's not like they won anything major with VG, like the Summit or the ESL"
"It has Apple on it, duh."
Does not look slippery at all...
The third color can be pretty rough if you are running 4 phyrexian obliterators.
Isn't that talking football?
It's nice to see autistic people in relationships.
Yeah well Koreans are hotter than sweaty white men
Losers.
But Fortress has the best le skin.
Just wanna say thank you from all us guys out there with this problem...
Too bad nobody has invented encrypted email yet...
I think the post you replied to was
Shut your whore mouth Patrice
How I suck at math
"yep if theres something thats barely popular in Oregon, it's disc golf"
"Well, I'm not a doctor, but I play one on TV and my doctor says mylanta."
B...B...But encryption is how the terrorists make bombs!
**RNG**
Gotta be FE6 Marcus
Chutiya banaya..bada maja aaya..
White people all look the same anyway
At least he'll stay on the record for 110 years.
Just think of all the jobs they can create with that dough.
I guess hashtags can have spaces now...
Amazing the keyboard still light up without being plugged in!
Sexist ...
But would you vote Draymond for finals MVP?
Finally there will be weed in Ireland.
"Because all of his smurfs are at silver/gold, and not Diamond 1 75 LP."
Why can't these females understand that they are nothing more than walking vaginas?
What a legacy
SHE'LL SAVE HERSELF SHITLORD
Because it's only sexist if it's against girls.
"Because it is so stupid, even if it is"
"However, the downside to these new fangled vaccines is that they give your kids autism"
"There's no way we can pass up on Cook, he's a Cleveland boy and what better way to lead the browns to the super bowl than with a Clevelander"
I wish Elyse didn't fake being drunk
"Dude, spoiler alert!"
"All right, the fight for equal rights is over guys..."
Don't you think it's kinda messed up to force gender on it when it doesn't have a clear idea of what gender it associates with?
"Turning the water cannons on marching LGBT groups is very tolerant, after all they were just dehydrated, right?"
"Even more importantly, he's that guy on that Heisman trophy..."
"I, for one, applaud them for their glorious pursuit of social justice."
"Don't forget we're entitled princesses who think we can do whatever we want, without consequence"
"Ah yes, Jim Crow and stuff."
How DARE you not put Scott Schebler at RF
*money well spent*
Hopefully the mousetronauts don't get into it.
"Yeah seeing all those old wrinkly people, that sure sounds great."
"I prefer button, thank you very much I sure do love accidentally doing Link's aerial up-b rather than his grounded one"
But who would make the coffee during this discourse!
"Nah, BVG about to get a contract extension"
"But you should always believe rape accusations because doing so doesn't hurt anybody, right?"
I think it's a great idea to privatize war
looks like iGPUs are improving
"That goes for you too, Christopher Tolkien!"
You went with a CPU?
Should be on the front page of the game
But what layer is each judge ruling on?
Because this is a new thing that's only been happening since tories won power
A Jew.
Yeah the box office agrees
It can't be a hate group if it's not a white group.
"Yeah, I go to those renaissance bar that require you to leave your phone at home, so they have to pull their pants down to show me their dick."
Yea sure I'm sure the cops will not tamper with them at all
Sammysonicfan when he's old enough
"*Penalty to the Blues, because I got a pile of money in my locker before the game* - The refs out to get us because of Bettman"
"nice assumptions there brah, i'm sure they're all 100% true"
Yes because we are a 90+ win team exclusively because of Bryce Harper and Stephen Strasburg.
"I think we should also ask if Maria is gluten free, just saying."
Laws are for little people.
"I agree but comparing COD to dayz in that aspect makes no sense, chernarus is like 100 times the size of a COD map, if they where to add all the things you are saying new renderer or not the game would probably blow up your PC."
"So smart, you'll prosper in the next BJP govt."
"It's just the pesky government in the way keeping good, honest Americans from getting rich!"
Go back to lurking.
what a loss
The true face of a terrorist.
"my god that is so shocking, how the hell did they manage to find that out."
That totally original comment has everything to do with the conversation.
Yeah it'd be really funny to see Romo break a bone again...
Because condoms never fail.
They're not people just like them muslims
You mean 7/8 of 4gb gddr5
"Shut up, you fucking leftist."
"Quit your whining, sincerely, EU Hearthstone servers"
"it's just a company, man.. it doesn't count"
spoilers brah
"God bless America - land of the free, home of the brave."
That's an insult to the rest of us!
"Perhaps we should replace Centrelink cash with food vouchers, housing, and free public transport?"
"When you interfere with pretendy spaceship time, THERE IS NOTHING LESS THAN DEATH AS A PUNISHMENT!"
Is he your ex because he is in prison?
"Wow, good luck confessing that to a priest."
Thanks!
I like to read the articles...
"Because we can't understand, since we don't have kids!"
So what you mean is #YOLO ?
wut twith play pokman is stil a thig?
This is exactly what I tell myself whenever I use Snapchat and Chatroulette.
I didn't know Apple was in *that* business
ay bby ;)
"He briefly ""trained"" at Real Madrid, no wonder La Liga isn't taken seriously."
Naw bro it's not like input lag exists or anything
Don't ya know the eye can only see up to 28.8756 frames per second
"Nah, he must have farmed so much to get an almost maxed th10!"
You forgot the
You mean you **don't** use Ash Noble animations on all of your frames already?
Not according to ESPN!
"Yep, SHIELD has never had ANY security problems"
"wow, good thing I have Shinji and Kaworu for the much needed 2.5x spike"
but everyone says he is a racist and wants to destroy America!
She's a Sikh you intolerant pricks.
"thats intense low elo gameplay, i wonder what he would play like at d2+"
Lol'd so hard.
"Yeah, shame no ever talks about the civil war."
some one should try this theory
That's exactly what a cunt would say.
"Give the man some space, he's obviously still mourning!"
But all she cares about is equality
"Well not **everyone** will die.. and when we survive, we'll get to make up a story about how everyone else died."
Subban to Panthers confirmed.
But he hasn't actually done it so we can just ignore that!
Dyrus needs to play some riven and learn to 1v2 and carry like Darshan.
Upboats to the left ^~^ kekekekeke
Magic: The Gathering?
Wow that sounds fun.
Animes are Chinese ya dumb ass
Yeah the development of complex computing algorithms never surpassed human ability and certainly didn't do so long before now or we'd have NO jobs.
Signing online petitions always works!
but neckbeards are supposed to be good at vidya
"Yes, but is it articulated?"
Terrorists!
Wow like your so helpful.
"Oh, well I'm glad I sharded mine now...."
"Ew, they're under 300 pounds they must be like, anorexic or some shit."
Cant post this to reddit without a pic of my girlfriend to show off!
"Come on, Vin Diesel in The Pacifier was amazing."
Rand voted to support your right to beat on your property if you so choose.
"""very much opposed to people driving while intoxicated"" drives while intoxicated"
Yeah...*No smog* in NY
"Maybe because his hair is made of plastic, and not hot enough to move?"
"Nah, that would just prolong his eligibility into the HOF"
Console peasant.
Yeah but they have their right turn signal on
"Trust me I want to, she doesn't"
"Wow, love the radically different cooler designs between the different board partners!"
Well if you look closely you will see that he is actually just turning into the corner.
You don't think that CEO's are useless and that anyone can do his job?
Why would I build sightstone it gives me no fucking AP?
Yep Blazers won it was awesome.
I started working out last night and now I literally can't use my phone anymore because I'm too strong and keep snapping it
"I'm certain employees wearing visible christian symbols would face the same barriers to employment, and this isn't just bigotry against certain minorities."
i mean honestly who wouldn't want to do that if you stayed with her
Home inspections are for suckers who want to waste their money on a scam.
"see, this is why we need a trolley system"
"If you ask me, the ancient Greeks were more accepting"
"The next Call of duty is coming out in 6 months or so, why would they fix this now?"
B-but then how will we know who's winning?
Haha so funny...
"You're right, the whole time I've been playing warframe I was so afraid of 5 bombards and 3 gunners in a nullifier bubble that I didn't even want to attempt to go in a void defense mission."
Rossi's fall in in Valencia 2006 was an inside job.
Dat dekt de eerste paar weekjes kinderopvang wel..
Good thing I'm using AdBlocker when I watch those ISIS videos
You mean the flag of the American government?
But Xbox Live always crashes on a Tuesday!
everyone knows republicans are the only ones to commit election fraud and voter suppression.
"Glenn Danzig is Italian, right?"
Stupid American buying into the size zero trend.
If you disagree with something it's widely held to be considered racist
"No, too cinematic"
"**ROOKIE MISTAKE** If she's not giving a CIM BJ after your first text, you went full beta."
"Everyone knows that Vene/Callisto/Black chin pkers are usually really good at the game, I'm surprised you managed to take them down, let alone escape"
Because ranked needs more ball chasers.
THAT'S OFFENSIVE
Really I never knew that
[But you can eat her soul]
"I disagree with you, so I will click le disagree button..."
"No Ken Masters, 0/10"
Well your personal experience obviously trumps the person's who you were replying to.
For entirely other reasons
"I don't know man... There's something veeeeery suspicious using the word ""al"""
"huge moves we're making, gonna take this league by storm"
Optic cod team to debut tomorrow in the online cup
"With a success rate like that, how does he even have the time to be messaging you?"
Wii U is solid proof of that...
How do you make a crew *want* to get off a Nuk...... Red October was real... ?
"No, they're emoji's."
I'M SORRY PROPAGATING THE HUMAN RACE OFFENDS YOU
scripts
"Men are disposable, silly!"
So you're saying visa supports terrorism?
That's mayweather's job.
No one tell him what happened at the end of Siege...
I don't see any difference
That's just terrible of him
Crosby
maybe blacks should just learn to stop getting caught with their dope!
To be fair Lennon's woman ruined The Beatles.
It's not like they have to take multiple shots or anything
5.1 was a really good raid tier too!
"Alliance favoritism as always, blizz."
"Yeah, but I seem to recall the Caps saying that Orpik isn't that important because they won without him for a good part of the year"
Gotta get that extra 3 inches for better snipez
"Because that's what people thought of, so that's what people wanted, and if people want something they expect it and deserve it."
But then people will tell me I didn't earn my gloves because they're not from the raid and then kick me from the fire team
"Jesus, they're both winners."
We don't like change!
But then he will have to sell the rest of his GP to pay for the RSI treatment.
But how do you make moneys?
"Oh sweet, so NA is finally getting the PS2 game"
"Uh no, the overwhelming consensus from the armchair political anylsts on Reddit, HuffPo, Vox, and Salon is that he's packing his cabinet with racists"
Worked for Neda
"Filthy casuals, am I right?"
"| ""One result is that tens of thousands of needy Virginians are condemned to live without health insurance ..."" so Obamacare doesn't fix this problem?"
Because obviously it is Allah who cures you not medicine
If some good idea happens to be western then we should not adopt it because it is against our culture.
"WOO, so its gonna create jobs!"
Not if they tie.
Because lace thongs are big in nunland.
qbert offended the colorblind
I should've added the
The most surprising thing about this video is that HotshotGG is playing LeBlanc.
"I know, isn't the mutual lack of trust between police and the public just hilarious?"
#NOT MUH JOKER
"Well if you account for the 7 out of 28 days a month where women are completely unable to function as normal humans, it just about equals out."
I feel like Daley with a broken ankle is still faster than Maatta
PS4.5 coming this holiday season.
To hide their expired tags
I'm no doctor but my best guess would be to kill yourself immediately.
Yeah since the article clearly isn't backing up exactly what the title is saying with sound studies and information that is properly sourced
guns are dangerous you shouldn't ever even go near them -- philadelphia subreddit
can tell its a redditor with that cheeky CF De Bruyne
Do it!
Cause they wouldn't?
Didn't I hear about the cubs doing something like this lately?
OH MY GOSH THAT THING IS TERRIFYING PUT IT BACK WHERE IT CAME FROM HOW DO CALL THAT CUTE?
But he's already beaten the game and it's too linear to replay!
I thought all Asians were smart
"Uncanny foresight by Soros to cut his stake in Herbalife during Q3 before the DoJ's investigation into supplement sales announcement, almost as if they knew beforehand......"
Yeah except with a shotgun you can load it with buckshot and create a wall of lead shreading everything in front of it.
"Because some people feel we must burn the witches, no matter what!"
"I'm so excited for TBMs to send me the summary to ""answer my question""."
"He does the dumb quite often, does he?"
"Well, were they?"
"Must be a fake account, no seahawks fans before 2005"
*obviously*
Yeah they are definitely a worse team without their all star point guard.
"Let's compare that to how many people have died from democide... Oh wait, but without government there would be more deaths"
"I'm sorry but I don't vote for bad candidates, nuclear war be damned."
But if you compare his populism and success fueled by hatred of a minority to previous dictators then obviously you think he's literally hitler
"Them union people, always getting rich quick, stealing from poor innocent businessmen trying to make an honest living"
Just don't forget that the one or two *hundred* (hell sometimes it feels like thousand) other people you see on that credit roll are making just slightly less than that.
When did this turn into a debate about religion?
Must have our eye on a fourth goalie!
I bet there is a special place in hell for them
"No, he does it for the taste!"
"There is no specification for how many sentences before you can TL;DR though, right?"
Right - we were so much better when rivers were so polluted they caught on fire and there was nothing we could do about it.
"No doubt our elected representatives will do what's in our best interest, not simply acting out the will of the highest bidder"
Win win!
"Guns are tools, people!"
caution op if you being intolerant towards other religions
It makes me happy that you don't need to add a
WE WANT BLOOD NOT EVIDENCE
More like 'awetism'.
I'm sure this will put a quick end to the issue and Korea will totally forgive Japan.
"Oh gosh I loved that one, too bad about that whole raping thing."
They get hit with a car?
Maybe he's from Baltimore?
Did you try turning it off and back on again?
But you can't have a soul booster because she is ginger.
"Guys if your not going to buy wards all day erryday you shouldnt pick support, just pick another carry - we can all carry each other to victory!"
Bag just has to be waterproof.
Then where are the cops pulling him over?
"Yeah, god forbid a woman has any talents other than looking good"
Everyone uses the Proxy server.
"Clearly just a rip off of the greatest game ever made, No Man's Sky..."
Does this make the grapes gay?
Kevin Bacon?
What a corporate shill
He can sue Redeye for defamation of character!
"It can, when that island belongs to pesky 'primitives' that oughta be put in reservations or casinos"
Looks like a prude
Yep noone playes gto must be worthless to put any time approaching the game in that way at all
"That somehow, as system application, has almost 5 stars and resides along with other MS apps in Best-rated section... I do wonder, who's behind such idea."
"I'm agreeing with you, forgot the"
"The end justifies the means, right?"
But he wrote it at a time she was of age so it doesn't count
Tie barbed wire around his knees and pull back really hard
Also technically Fir The Brave
Those stupid outriggers made him lose control!
This is all Hack Snyder's fault
OP works for deadspin duh
"Maybe they couldn't find actual THC, but water has memory and it's now stoned water"
Don't worry those will be sold separately!
Yeah but it's not the NEW game!
"You win man, Yao Ming was really 6'9""......let usmask the NBA."
But I thought Slark was OP and uncounterable!
He'll hire the best people.
Those countries are nazi socialist totalitarian hellholes with no freedom
made perfect sense to me.
This!
its not a MAMA in HK without fantastic baby tho
You probably had Number One and Spoon Bender to make such a weird yellow ring...
It was God's will!
Because these are the questions everybody is just dying to know the answers too.
They really are insightful.
Em G D A I dont think theres ever been a famous chord sequence off those four
"But if you bundle it with digital cable, you can save HUNDREDS per year!"
"Ah, so then we should only let black people off?"
"Don't forget, it's all Kap's fault too."
Thank you for continuing the stereotype that Ron Paul supporters are a bunch of pot-heads.
Ike Perlmutter
"Yes I'm sure it's 100% his fault, and there are no greater systemic problems"
"Good quote, but not as good as the last one I read"
"Well, women don't lie about rape, but *men* obviously would."
Cue the collective gasp of surprise.
It's not like he can shrink his suit down or anything
I don't know what you are talking about.
At this point what does it matter?
You guys have no respect for a woman who landed under sniper fire.
I wish i was lucky to get a bunch of One Makes You Small pills so i can rake up so much free karma
Real mature username
"Well, you wouldn't want to risk that the money might be spent on roads, schools, libraries, parks, or, dare I say, aid to the poor and infirm."
Whose the girl on the bottom left?
Fuck origin.
"He's bald, and that is by far the most embarrassing thing that could ever happen to you."
Yes because primes also zoom...
[The 5 guys that got ported away are essentially token player characters.]
This guy is clearly the beacon of reasonable thought in this thread.
WOW I NEVER HEARD OF SUCH CARD BEFORE
"Yeah, weakening the first amendment of the constitution is a good idea!"
The disclaimer that this video may be offensive is offensive to me.
"But if you have nothing to hide, what's the big deal?"
LE SJW CABAL STRIKES AGAIN
It's alright though because she won't gain a tolerance for the 120mg like she did for the 60mg...
yeh or why don't you just not play the game because you obviously don't like how it is now
Fc soon?
That ought to hurt his morale!
everyone wins i dont see the problem
Good Drops
"""Freedom ain't free"" and you're just not rich enough to afford ""freedom""."
"You don't even show your rank, obviously S1 noob"
Or Seneca Wallace
Omg spoilers bro!
Giuliani could do to diplomacy what Scarborough has done to journalism!
you think he's getting down to welterweight for that moneyfight with McGregor?
Yes of course were talking about carrots
You dropped your
Yes because an alliance centered around 1 day old newbies totally has a cap fleet to match that of PL
Kids never lie!
At the end
Because killing Mobs in RNG Maps is **soooo** much better than killing Mobs in fixed Zones that scale to your level right?
No Oracle did
Sorry can't afford that
"""I'm vegan but I eat meat..."""
to get obliterated by Bjergsen.
"""My house isn't on fire, why are we wasting money funding fire departments!"""
Too soon
"It was ops fault, if he had just let the guy pass him from the parking lane might have stayed in a legal lane before the cop saw."
"Yeah fucking black people, am i right?"
Because lack of access to salt water makes you selfish and dumb.
Those both seem like likely outcomes.
No you're wrong we need to stop evil Russia and cause WW3!
Should have put in Tebow smh
The world should be and eye for an eye am I rite?
As we all know scims are serious business
"Yeah, that'll pass"
One eye poke made the fight ))):
I dupe glitch to Master Prestige this.
...scumbags.
"Racism doesn't work in that direction, do you even real life bro?"
"Clearly, the Rapture is right around the corner."
You must have forgotten the
"But... but your logix isn't romantic at all, and is shitting all over walt disney's dreams for young girls everywhere!"
"Yeah, that happened."
Whenever you have stray ink you can always tell by the ink that it's not meant to be there.
"So, your dad was OG Chad."
"I'm sure this will be a very rational discussion, Mick is famous for being very level-headed about the booking decisions of WWE and has never done anything brash like breaking a TV with a baseball bat or threaten to stop watching if the people he likes don't get over."
Sword Art Online
"uhhh, I thought for most men 5-5 1/2 was the average length xD"
~~Manning beating Brees's passing yards in single season~~ nvm.
"Hey, its their culture you can't criticize this because you just don't understand their culture and eventually they will become more modern."
"Do they understand what the word ""implode"" means?"
But Pinochet brought about the Chile Economic Miracle^TM
because we're the only state to keep Saint Reagan from bowling a perfect game
"You guys have to stop enjoying them, its making us mad."
Well I guess someone will have to break the bad news to her that a random Internet stranger is only willing to settle for a titty-fuck
He was just pretending to be retarded!
"Right, made up."
"Nonsense, I'm sure preventing people from mourning by banning prayer will have no negative consequences whatsoever."
Nintendogs stage confirmed for WiiU!
"Easy, you just treat all women that way to be sure you don't miss one."
Grade A reference right here
I should have probably added this little bad boy to my original comment...
brown manual turbo diesel shooting brake gtfo
What a shocking opinion!
The remaster of the special edition will
Thanks for providing us the fire to win in 2012
Yeah no one will die next year.
Or they could make an adapter to use a gamecube controller to control the 3DS
Just because there aren't plans for one now doesn't mean there won't ever be one Give it 30 years or so for the all woman cast edition
TRUMP 2016!
Yeah poor people should stay out of sight of the public
Filthy console peasants
Upvote for the
"Bench him, he's not good enough"
"Great, an mmo, putting those ISTP skills to great use."
They got really sick of their dad's molesting them for free
Except this September is different from the rest.
idk what ur talking about man that shit is clean
"Previous annoying and **reoccuring** statements, Ah yes, now I see them all!"
"Haha, that nihilism stuff is fucking hilarious!"
I'd love one of those!
"what if, we had 2 mega parties that were both funded by Super Pac's, and suppressed any opposing view"
Probably due to all the marijuanas you inject.
Haha yeah but everyone knows once you get P2P good manners is a part of the package!
Didn't he do a ride-along on their first stage coach?
"I love it that MILO, the gay-by-choice alt-right posterboy, wants to tell women that the pill ruins their fertility and attractiveness to men."
or ya know there's baseball where the whole game is practically a timeout
You guys need to work on your corners...
git gud scrub
And now they gave him Star Wars...yay.
Console master race?
that's the toughest job ever though...
Stop being expressive and just say what you mean.
"GO kill your ""friend"" problem solved :D :D :D"
Let's take back National Socialism while we're at it.
She also says she's been smoking since the 70s lol yeah right like people even knew what marijuana was back then
I would never miss Kid Rock either!
"They deserved it, amirite ?"
Stop being such a Jew-hater!
"Oh boy, esper familiar is coming back, I'm so excited"
Fox News and the war on Christianity?
You mean that thing next to Texas?
Well look at this multitalented ass hole over here
Heroes fighting together for the greater good what is this the 90s pff
I've never laughed harder in my life.
I think it needs a bigger turbo.
But what about CMYK?
They should just raise the minimum wage to 100 Trillion kwacha per hour.
So you're telling me it's a gray area.
Can't wait to have my own kids.
"Hmm, what a unique and radical opinion you have there."
"Oh yeah, being top tier in .5% of games is totally worth it."
"What the fuck is Thomas Wayne's problem, man?"
No it's ok guns are illegal in DC so nothing can happen there
No bad tactics...
Yea so we should just discount the points he makes entirely
It's to make it easier for people to steal your signature
The baby shouldn't have been doing drugs.
I am sure this is the first generation to do this
Currently looking for buyers!
World Class Leadership !
It could be on the market.....
That's not racist at all
"Well, the ps4 isn't as broken as the Xbox one so it DOESNT need updating."
Yeah - a Nissan leaf would have smoked that holden!
Omg he's basically NB3
Then you eat some chocolate and someone gives you flowers and makes it all better right?
"Yeah, it's only the blood that doesn't have any oxygen in it"
"Nah man, remove the UI and all indicators, it dumbs down the game."
You dropped this:
Mostly indigestion from eating all that beef
"I feed my infant son a combination of Mountain Dew with Doritos Seasoning, because I'm training the next champion gamer, and that's nobody's business but mine."
"hey, at least you weren't raped or beaten, that means we don't have to take you seriously at all!"
Hey that's cultural appropriation!
There's some of that level-headed discussion I came here looking for.
"It's not a replacement, they're just going to be selling it instead."
"But....if we don't cave in to Hitler at Munich, then he's going to kill even more people and it will be our fault."
I'm sure that will really put a dent in Apple's sales.
Because anyone alive or in power today even had a say in that decision or has been asked how they feel about it.
If DJ wanted to lose in the 1st round on an injured team we could've hooked him up
Oh you are right... it totally looks like shit now that you mention it.
"Oh no, wouldn't want to lose those grassroots to grab up those valuable Massachusetts Republican votes!"
"I'm sure that now that this happened, a lot less people are going to look up Roosh V and what he says and buy his stuff."
"yes, if you ever take any photo of anything ever sold by any corporation at all ever, you're a huge fucking shill"
"Well if it was a white river, it wouldn't be so dangerous now would it?"
"He'll voice the upcoming Tactical Pachinko Espionage Action,no worries"
"Better than Edmonton's ""voted Alberta's 12th best city"""
You could say it's... Infinitely better
"No dude, we're supposed to hate Lucas"
This should be fun
green is *our* word
but i thought this season was a write-off
"Yea, they should have just moved aside."
Well it is a neutral site so it does seem like Baylor doesn't have the balls to play a full away game.
get better internet scrub
"Next time, try adding to the discussion and people won't downvote you."
blame hr...its always their fault
Atleast not feeding
but they obviously weren't trying hard enough!
"lol, consider me #triggered you should warned me."
I think the fundies ought to push for making their bible a secret book -- then this kind of thing wouldn't happen.
But what about the autism man?
The NWO/Illuminati uses various drugs and substances to control world leaders to further their goals for world domination.
I think league is making me doing enough math already when I try to add up the cost of my items what to see what I can buy.
"Better not let any refugees into the country, though, cause they might be terrorists."
It is important to get the accent colors right before tackling such a minor issue.
"What do any of us know, we're just consumers"
"""Kos2an"" for guys is literally brokeback mountain on steroids."
"I don't think it's Taken, so Non-Stop?"
"'Cause they're just amateurs, so they must suck compared to mainstream artists on the radio, right?"
and I though Pood's very own Fanbase is worst than FNAF's?
furry are hardcore shut up
"And here I thought ""sad frog"" was an alt+right logo."
because mitt romney would be doing better
"Because obviously their life shouldn't have to change at ALL after having the baby, they can go right on doing what they always did because they are awesome parents!"
"Gosh, just what my life has been missing."
So Trump's you're Dad?
I wonder if the UN will be pushing for a no-fly zone?
Why can't I complain about both?
Hate and love are the only options.
Making fun of national tragedies is only allowed in comedy clubs!
"Man, sounds like you guys are huge racists."
"To punish men, duh"
You dummies are the reason people have to add
"Once you go standard bottom rows, you never go back"
"I'm not racist, look I even have a couple black friends online"
I play on PS4 but thanks for nicely saying you don't like me =]
But my $400 foil card...
This is especially effective on single target encounters!
You forgot your
"I think we are the people left on earth to save it after the ""christians"" have been taken away in the rapture."
Sign me up.
"If Mitt had just been righteous enough, then he would have been the POTUS."
"not serious team, just some old guys playing"
I love these *fair and balanced* articles that make an honest attempt to cover all sides to a story without pushing an agenda.
"Hey, I can see my house from there."
"maybe, but he *did* give us hipsters and liked slavery."
"With 321,885 people subscribed to that sub, yea people are just egging on women and they truly don't want to be photographed nude"
That describes you as well chip and everyone loves you as a guest
"Because that's totally gay, bro!"
No haven't you heard he's a bad leader and there's locker room discord.
I'm sure I'd be really upset about that
Just use your bot scripts
"No, these people just want a handout and we (the richest, most powerful nation to ever exist save maybe Rome) can't afford that shit."
Also if you could somehow trigger them with an initial message about how you're going to rape them.... get's them wet 100%
See people - all this talk about gay marriage and this is what happens
What about the kids car seat?
"""I spent a lot of money on it, therefore it is the best."""
Fatter guys have more girth obviously
"4chan called ""do a flip fajet"""
Don't you know America controls the world?
Childhood obesity is hilarious!
But the Earth isn't that old!
Doesn't count because it was done in 128 tick
If this is true Snoop Dog would be dead.
"Yeah, it's all a vast, left-wing conspiracy..."
wait her passive isnt that shes a ranged with a progression?
I see you are a master software developer and write tons of bug free code in an application that had millions of lines of code.
but Obamaer is a commie lib XDDDDDDDDDDDDD
At least she knows her place.
"That's like 80 cents a month that you're paying for a hygienic bathroom, fatcat!"
Enjoying 7+1GB VRAM in DX12 games?
Yes because warrior is soooo easy that anyone can pick it up and be able to solo level 50 FOTM
I believe the patch was ps exclusive
That's for autism dumbass.
Time for a Thunder Bay team!
Ellensburg
"Right, because that is exactly what happened two seasons ago."
And since when has Nintendo had a good console launch?
So... You single?
I bet you hurt his feelings and he's going to threaten to kill himself.
But capitalism is the best system.
"Nah, think of them as your next victim."
Safe
You don't need a machine gun to pacify peasants armed with torches..
"Or... Mebbe they're shooting for a more egalitarian model, whereby men can apply for, and by university mandate be assured acceptance into a sorority."
What a creative name.
Sbisa: 9GP | 0G | 1A | -5 | 25PIMS Vatanen 18GP | 2G | 4A | +3 | 8PIMS Yeah Vatty sucks.....................
"And if it made it on facebook, it must be true!"
"I call BS, HiRez doesn't have people answering TA tech issues."
"Yeah, we want penta kills every 2 minutes with death timers of 10 seconds, that's so fun, randomly grouping and diving everything!"
k lets take in gay people because they are gay but f&amp;*k the women and children who live in a war torn land
We all know that presidents really stick hard to their party's platform after taking office.
Everyone knows Mike left to join the Boston Fire Dept.
You can't come into the UK if you're a foreigner because you'll just take our jobs and blow us up
"That's different though, those people are actually evil, though."
Gotta show all that Batman killing
Maybe they wanted the 100% first bullet accuracy of the Negevs
"right, because all judges are paid off and the entire justice system is corrupt."
That's just coach speak.
You mean the main character/famous actor who is in a crappy situation in the first 10 minutes of the film doesn't end up in a better situation?
"I just load in and spam mid or I feed, pick sniper, collect my 25 points and repeat"
Your 2-way SLI 780 Ti's just can't handle the power
Oh yeah nothing gets me in the mood like a period
very creative
And shes supposed to be a Muslim Jew.
What a classy and mature message.
"Well, now that you put it that way, I totally understand."
Pretty sure it's the people on welfare wasting all the money
Definitely AI - unless you forgot your
Just world fallacy is the *best* fallacy
Probably making room for Puig.
"Yeah, having your efforts to better yourself mocked by the people who supposedly love you most *never* impacts a person's psyche and makes them feel bad."
It's not sexual harassment if a woman does it to a man!
sex cams
I know Steve Jobs was awful on stage.
"the world is a safer and less offensive place now, just a little less."
"If her inner labia are a bit dangly we should chop those off too, because aestethics and slightly less cumbersome personal hygiene are more important than bodily autonomy!"
No wonder it tastes funky.
Wonderwall
No shoebox ?
When you fail at life and at death...
She's above the law
"Yeah, that girl had sex once in 1999 before becoming a nun, I could totally feel it with my dick!"
Yeah I hate it when I get crashed at Waterfiends on OSRS
...and invented nothing since!
"Yeah, I'm tired of heating how gay marriage was legalized in West Virginia every god damn day for the past few months."
Wow Daily Dot wrong once again
"Right, they just love banning paying customers, because as a business they *hate* making money..."
You mean that veganism isn't 1000x more expensive than meat?
Nobody ever told me they released withered Freddy!
You're horrible.
Good thing being fat protects your organs!
"Well if you don't want that gift, I'll get it then!"
But don't you know that those GrusterGrazers have scared all women out of gaming?
I like how the concern was for getting the boyfriends permission.
Yeah I'm curious when we are going to wear those new charcoal unis this year!
"Windows 8.1, Get on my level bruh."
Are you sure they didn't just buy it twice?
"Just because I drink a bud light, wave a confederate flag around my lifted F350, and hang out with my buddies wearing white bedsheets and burning crosses doesn't mean I'm a bigot, gosh."
Nose not symmetrical 1/10
"Well, she's straight passing."
WOW I'VE NEVER HEARD THAT JOKE BEFORE!
the xperia z1f
Fuck it why not just take down every flag
You can't because they're always right
he makes pretty good beer too.
"Hey but if it's ""Pay **1** mana destroy your own card"", it could be OP !"
"You are forgetting that Al Gore is fat and cheated on Tipper, therefore global warming is a liberal hoax."
When did Ric flair or HBK kill his family?
White women?
Atleast he cares for your mothers sole.
"Apparently 0, 1, 0 is enough of a pattern to believe it's going to repeat to 1 again with your reincarnation.."
So...she's single?
Building a house to defend yourself.. Yea that sounds way more interesting then hop in your spaceship and explore the galaxy....
Anybody but Daley.
How do you think the cow feels?
We all know how empowering it is to tell women they need to kill their children in order to succeed in their endeavors.
Because PVP in Bloodborne was perfect.
Just in time to vote in the greatest election with the greatest candidates
It's for the gays
But you don't understand Wrestling Is LIFE and if you don't watch wrestling there is nothing
We da best
"The good news is that we don't have as many deaths as Qatar, nor is this a major voting issue for Singaporeans, so there isn't any pressure to improve this situation any time soon."
Stupid americhinese.
And Chelsea's strikers have been performing so well...
Obviously its the client's fault for trying to access a resource that they are not legally permitted to access.
Sounds like you know quite a bit about it.
"It's a nanny pen, because some guns are permitted, but no one should be trusted with them."
"Obviously because it's all metal, guys!"
"At least the stationery he used doesn't scream ""I definitely have people chopped up in my basement""."
"Yeah look at Destiny, you will not be paying too much just for multiplayer."
I bet people will hear you for miles
"Jeez, people really need to stop living and working in the floodplain"
How dare someone post something cute and personal while only slightly related to Starcraft.
"Yeah, but he is a man, so you know he enjoyed it."
Absolutely unreal!
Not like there's another bearded scandanavian man in Minnesota sitting around who'd take free tickets to dress up and drive a motorcycle on the field or anything
"Of course, because De Gea isn't anywhere near the level of talent needed to start for Man U"
"Right, because all we need is more taxes"
Finally a new fresh idea !
OP has some serious balls.
"""Post Truth"" politics is so much fun!"
It's the party for smaller government
Go back to LoL
"I am shocked, shocked, that an administrator would hold this kind of view!"
Better than the Akita on the Leafs third line?
"It's ok, black people can't be racist, only whites can."
"They are doing alot of subservience work for the NSA, cut them some slack!"
He saw the Mooslems dancing on the roofs across the river in New Jersey
Tokyo ghoul root A
That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
"They're marching against rape, so they can't *possibly* be sane, normal women!"
"Shh, misandry doesn't exist."
Yes how unfortunate that most people believe that a mother should have a say in what people call her infant daughter.
"Regardless of whether she was a raped or not, she can be used as evidence for rape culture."
How's it inaccurate that's the flag of Asia duhh
Sounds like your wife hasn't learned to be in subjection to her husband.
"I'll just store those by my 15,000 Jump to Conclusions mats."
And no S+
"This is totally backed by sound economics, not unfounded at all."
No I'm gonna DDOS it
Is that the Xbox One Scorpio?
"Yes, because no one in the world actually wants to go to church."
The Donald
"Honestly, I'd reroll if i was OP"
I only eat chemical free foods
"Ah, supplied side economics works every time."
"Yeah, I always try to give robbers the benefit of the doubt."
ya he has like metal wires like eeewww.
"""Eurghmergurd he only did two keepy uppies before vollying it in the first video - sell him now, get him this cancer out of our club"""
"Yea, his zero points this year are blowing me out of the water..."
I forgot CS:GO was meant to be as realistic as possible.
"Corkscrew, actually!"
HOLY CRAP that's absurd!
Obama's Diversity Death Squad of course.
"Can't get a champagne bottle to work correctly, but gets a rocket to land."
"Oh really, would never think of that"
No he can't be racist because racism = prejudice+power.
"After reading Trainspotting, I thought all Glaswegians shoot heroin."
"Obviously this shouldn't be in our food, at least not until there is a full double blind triple placebo anonymous group peer reviewed study done on Australian men who are left handed."
"Yeah, WTF does Pythagoras know?"
Having custody and access disputes over facebook is the epitome of classy.
But when the revolution comes how will you ever take out your government's trillions of dollars worth of military without a semi-automatic rifle?
"I mean, she's so good at what she does."
But remember yes can also mean no
"yes, the white men are the greates"
Forgot your
"Poor Islam, all these damn coincidences making it look bad"
FYI his vulnerable spot during his ult is still his head
Does she mean Tumblr or Reddit?
Even the sun will kill you in Australia.
"You're right, spreading that information to a far larger audience could in no way put them at more risk."
On a scale from 1-10 I'd say my excitement for that sits at a 9.
He rigged it even harder!
Sicilians must have imported the Omerta culture from Turkey!
Why do you think that the transmission locking up would have *anything at all* to do with it being low on lubricant?
Why would he even want Beats?
"You're completely right, absolutely no progress has ever been made when it comes to the acceptance of black people, gay people, women, etc, none at all whatsoever and never ever has any homo/xeno/gynophobe ever changed their minds."
"yes I know, the media was all over this."
Nice catch.
"Ah yes, the CFL is certainly drawing a line in the sand on this one."
I consider that a metaphysical death threat and also declare jihad.
Yep signing the most recognizable US soccer player in a place trying to up their attendance and sponsorships is a bad thing
"Dollars are common, 5 star FFBE characters are not..."
No Doubt still tours together
But plants have feelings
"Because sociology won't exist then, duh."
Plus the shadows are all wrong
"Seems interesting, but needs a rename so it isnt confused as a weapon haha Kinda"
It was so nice of them to answer both your questions!
"Personally, I'd prefer my Sandman without wonky musical numbers and plot-lines that go no where."
"You can't criticise the system, it's perfect, comprehensive and fair."
Yeah that's all he did
"Yes, because women generally describe the birthing process as being INCREDIBLY pleasurable and not at all 'literally shitting yourself while crying' painful."
might wanna add a
so around the time the last book was released huh?
Enough events played to hit on the good side of variance
"Yes, as an Australian person I can confirm that we have no culture."
You stay away with your fancy logics thingamajigs!
"Kids like yours are the reason the TSA swabs babies, nice going!"
"Ooh, what a predicament your social awkwardness got you into this time!"
you dropped this:
But a different opinion means they are just wrong!
Such a mystery why their company going down the drain
"but, but TOGETHER"
"If there's anything this game needed, it was another way to kite melee champions."
That was clearly people firing people to get financially ready for having a Democrat president.
Is Fuji 8 like a different mountain that looks like it?
they changed his ult name back
AOL Instant Messenger is relevant again?
They're a commonwealth nation with the union jack on their flag so almost as good a GB win.
"Republicans: more police, military spending Democrats: more military, social program spending No stupid, they're *wildly* different."
His name is John
But cardboard cut-outs and body pillows express your individuality!
B-but the Nazis invented the swastika!
"Well, the wouldn't know what they were missing..."
I just hire a Mexican on the street corner and bitch about the way we can't keep the illegals out of the country.
tfw you don't label as cringe-a-day rip f ded panic at the disco
I'm pretty sure its if you give a mouse a muffin.
bloody hilarious that was
Put maru on your hands
I took the hit on performance because I'm so lazy that I'd rather just buy an extreme budget card like the 1070 and switch them than to clean out the dust on the current one
You had one job
"This is a world where magic and dragons exist, is it not equally as likely that Baby Bolton has a gestation of longer than 9 months"
"Well, nutnfancy says you need one and phone lights don't count, so you have to buy a tactical flashlight"
And that swastika looked beautiful.
Never occurred to me
do you mean yasiin bey?
So normal vegeta
thats clearly a sys admin job....
"Leave me alone, pervert!"
r/WallStreetBets
"Not enough ""le."""
boy that doesn't sound shady at all....
"heh, i'm not going to be liable for when you nasty radicals go brigading"
"yeah fuck edurne, two of the biggest clubs in the world have been caught in a fucking bullshit tug of war all because of her."
They should do detroit not much work needed to be done
"Yeah, and 'guts' are known for being so strong, sturdy, and resilient, which is why people can take gut-punches with impunity."
Windows 10
That would be sodomy not rape
Umpires.
A woman is anyone who thinks they're a woman!
BRING THE TO THEIR HEELS.
By super pacs you mean all the small donations that make up the majority of her campaign support?
Im sure that Wenger didn't want Kante and won't tell the press in a few months time he tried to sign him and everyone else that plays well.
"I know when getting information on political things, lindsay lohan is my go to"
I think you dropped this:
"Ah, so *that's* why we didn't sign Bale!"
I do love used bluetooth earphones provided by the barbers
Funny and original.
Of course we love lazy customers without them we would have nothing to do
Because we all know that CNN has Trump bias
"#EDUCATE YOURSELF BRO, I'M PRETTY SURE I READ IT SOMEWHERE!"
Yes I agree people who arn't physically attractive to you have no business cosplaying
"FRC CAD guy here, can't wait for mechanical to start yelling at me"
"Nahhhh, i'm sure if we just put him in jail for a month and give him a parole officer everything will get better."
should've added an
You don't need freinds
YES IT DOES YOU WHITE CIS SCUM
Its nice to hear you talk some sense for a change.
"Ya, that Obama, is a real war monger."
"If other people don't live exactly how I want them to, then they must be punished!"
Yeah people shouldn't vote on what's important to them.
"Yeah, idols shouldn't be allowed to do sports."
"No you see, men have fights, women have drama"
fuk ur anglish klass bro
"Yeah, all games should have a QWOP styled walking!"
"Not coastal, horses too far away... your start sucks, brah."
"Setting boundaries totally makes you immature, OP."
Gun violence is the key to world peace!
It's surprising that they didn't make turrets a rebel token
"Well, you could have Japan instead..."
"Man, some allies they are, not automatically backing up our lies!"
"Messi's spanish though, he plays for Barcelona"
Aren't all those Japanese squiggles kanji?
Dont be sorry for being European man
Yes asking for evidence and data to back up your claim is clearly an example of wikipedia's decline in quality.
But it allows me to let my perks that proc upon death and being revived so much more often...
He is practically Schwarzenegger
"...And of course that's the most important part, rather than wanting to ensure your partner is consenting."
Is it 11 pounds of pure muscle though?
OMG BASEDDD MILO XDDD
"But don't forget, unless you peacefully demonstrate for your rights, you're just as bad as the people suppressing them!"
Very compelling post.
source?
I have found the reason why I'm not upgrading!
Someone who's on here as much as you would say that.
He publicly stated that he won't play in the NFC
I'm sorry
Fuck off
The kind who'd probably shoot Cecil the Lion.
Someone strong enough to survive the cycles... Chosen undead?
Not sure if they afford her after the sharknado buzz
"Oh great, another way for Hershey's to charge you more for less chocolate."
Gotta have somewhere to put the cell phone.
"Yeah, it's not like the allied nations have been helping them or anything"
Thanks for clarifying icortesi's rather confusing answer
"Never mind that as a high-profile, famous gay man who has made his activism an integral part of his public image in recent years, GT has done magnitudes more for **real** social justice than SRS can dream of ... No, he's not 100% perfect (in their eyes) ... therefore, he is an *eeeevil shitlord* ... Keep up your internet wank, SRS, some day the world will see how right you are"
Who is good against Thanos anyway?
yeah he looks so gross omg ew
That would be promoting violence against women you bigot
Bet it handles like a champ in the rain.
That wasn't a no.
"Dude he wasn't wearing his titanium re-enforced shin guards, we should mock him and and his poor life choices."
What is CD?
"Our glorious Indian culture, which is under attack from Western ideals."
Please tell me this is
I might aswell downvote it because it's not about the Gamemode I like .
"Export As are $12.50-ish where I live, but that's in CAD, so like $0.10 USD?"
Nothing says 'honeymoon' better than fat crispy naked German pensioners!
"LOL that's Taylor Swift for you, supporting all the small, poor artists who are really in need of support and finances."
Yah that would be terrible.
"3cc of it, no more no less"
i think it was
"Yeah, so, I've never had a problem before, the map loads in seconds, and I haven't switched providers, but it's definitely my fault."
Maybe he has laryngitis and won't be able to give a talk
No means yes And yes means anal
Tim Kaine isn't running for president.
and I think we are all richer for it because what a work of art that documentary is
You forgot the
"Gee... Now THERE""S a surprise!"
But it was a PAC-12 ref
Should've been magikarp
"Yeah, lets buff sentries..."
So we are working off of pure speculation then?
But *guns*!
"This only applies to on-comming vehicles on the pedestrian path and not bicycles, clearly."
"Careful, you're being reasonable and thoughtful, we can't have too much of that!"
"(in my best Pauly Shore voice) Uhhh, the wease is a hilarious shortening of my nickname, the weeeeas-el, alright buuuuud-dy?"
hack there computer and put a message on their screen.
This feels fair.
"Than we shall keep her in the state she's currently in, hoorah!"
"Perfect, that's the mentality we need in order to make something happen."
#drain the swamp
"Because every woman has periods, can become pregnant, and has engaged in sexual intercourse with a fertile man."
Thanks for clearing that up for me
Not an offensive or bigoted comment at all.
Screen pass is our best bet
Yeah that's what it is
Stormfront
But then we might have to pay our teachers more.
Mewtwo was my starter
Am I on r/unexpected?
"When I'm standing in the rain, waiting for drivers to allow me to cross the street so that I can get home, I know that lights that flash when I press a button always make me feel better."
"Like, everywhere man"
It should all be based off of baptismal certs...
Its over 24 fps human eye cant see it
for me it'd be closer to 15 but yee lets gambul for rollz
For being Brad Marchand
TIL curry has more 3pm than Pistol Pete
vigilante justice is soooooo hilarious.
"If there's one thing California needs more of, it is state-employed workers and their associated CALPERS pensions."
"Yeah, because that's been working *just fine*."
"Yeah but at least I get to be 6'4""!"
Just Brazil plumbing things...
Chances this is nuclear testing?
"Remember, it's called paid leave to make it sound more punishing!"
Like I'm the Messiah of video gaming with my .640 KDR
"""buh meh KDR!!!"""
Ahh... We've come so far...
All of my posts here have an invisible
"Man, I saw so much advertising from NBC for this event too."
"You should say ""Unspecified franchise that offers caffeine brevages is overrated"""
"Yes, with a 30 foot arm span."
"But they are brown people, I thought we hated all brown people?"
thanks Minecraft players
Yeah much better than Lisa Su I am sure
"You don't give a damn for the whole state of Michigan, I know that."
I heard that jumping straight to physical violence makes you a superior being to the person that you are threatening...
"You should also search for whore, prostitute, trash, dick, cunt, etc...I'm sure you'll find those in there"
"Nothing to do with running triathlons , It's definitely the edible grass"
I chose this nickname because I'm just that cool
no no but someone sent out resumes with stereotypical white names and exaggerated black names and more white people were hired that is definite proof that being black means you won't get anywhere in life and being white means you'll automatically have a job forever
Wow thanks for introducing me to Blink 182
GOKU PLS
I'm sure he was giving them all words of encouragement ..
^
But it's right in the name *African* American
You and your damned double speak!
"Yeah, right, go ahead and prioritize food and shelter then you filthy casual."
"No, 2 outlets is enough for 3 ppl"
Excuse the fuck out of me but I love nutmeg.
Or they could have hired Kimi instead of Daniel when they had the chance.
"Yay, now I can call his lack of maps fascism."
But there's no f on controllers!
Xbox 1 game on Xbox One for only $16 woo!
start doing hard drugs and alcohol so you know your limits
Yeah I hear gunshots in the streets every day
She shouldn't've let her hair go through the natural process of growing!
Bro you're not even AFCW get out of the convo....
Unless you say something bad about Cher.
Get yours now before they run out!
But I thought this game was pay to win
Maybe this is why the Chargers didn't want offset language
But I thought Microsoft is committed to windows 10 mobile.
It's bizzare when you consider how consistent the rest of the game is.
How will I know if a post is funny if the upvotes don't tell me so!
"Nah, just want my chat to get filled so it feels like people are talking to me.. :("
"Don't worry, the details will come out when the next NASA laptop is stolen."
"I bet it's smoked air, which is worth a lot more."
I guess they should have let him die because he couldn't price compare treatment options
I wonder where the dog developed that.
I surely can't imagine why this is.
The *real* bug is in the tail; fix it and you're good to go
Catholics aren't real Christians!
Which is why Ricciardo is also being brought up in the conversation.
The only choice
Netflix and Raid anyone?
**SURGE**
You were put in a pink blanket in the hospital so you therefore have been socialized and have no responsibility for your actions.
"I'm SO glad the the Iraq war only took slightly more than a month before it was all over and our fearless leader could declare ""Mission Accomplished!"""
Yeah...don't do hairpin legs because other people don't like the aesthetic of the piece of furniture that is going to exist in your own house.
This explains his love for science.
"Yeah, I wonder what the color timing and shade will be in another 50 years"
"Take more drugs, im sure you'll end up less fucked then before"
"Because then we can absorb their amazingness, and if we don't eat them, they'll go to waste!"
Obviously someone's never looked at the thousandth term in a Taylor series expansion.
Then you forgot your
"But nuclear causes bad things on tiny island with huge natural disasters, so we can't have one here on america!"
because people actually train agility
"But modi never endorsed these MLAs,they were acting on their own,you cannot blame the BJP.This is a conspiracy to malign the BJP ahead of delhi elections!"
"Just flew my F8 meteor against a team of mig9's and la15's + 3 mig15's, easiest game of life, thx gaijin!"
And why is it legal to switch to another channel while there are commercials on TV?
"Yeah, I love how deep they are"
"Yeah, it's like gender"
But he's too slow/has bad hands/can't run routes
"you are an English major, aren't you?"
and then he was best remembered for his anti-semantic comments.
Just carry two logs man
that guy has no beard how is he a virgin
"Waaaaah waaaaah, stop whining you cishet manbaby!"
I reckon this'll be fine
"This Lampard guy from some financial group is pretty good, not Di Natale-good, but still."
But Hillary's emails
"They aren't bugs, they're features :P"
"I donno man... I was in Lakewood the other day, and there were a lot of people at the bar with that accent."
Must be a Jew...
So my incestuous relationship with my sister won't be frowned upon anymore
"Just as marijuana is an entry drug to more dangerous drugs like cocaine, heroin and prozac, nerf guns are considered entry weapons to more dangerous ones like guns and artillery and cruise missiles."
"Haha, i forgot the"
Yeah but what about weapons!
"You're right man, i don't know anything about motors."
"Call it ""slow play"" and it's perfect."
Or you just want feliks's beautiful face all over your room.
"Of course they refuse to comment, having to face consequences for their actions like everyone does would be another form of oppression to them."
ehh he has a kid he needs to tuck in anyways.
"All he did was publicly disrespect her, jeez, some people are so sensitive."
The Liberal party is not tied to big money at all!
Because everything Lucas retroactively decides about SW makes it a better story.
I bet the principal will be post-humously reprimanded for violating OSHA rules... :-)
"No, there are actually flies that are only 0.0038um tall."
Because I actually like his music.
And of course it is guaranteed that the police can get them every time right
Charging will be totally safe too
Forgot the
"So, that includes Bad Rats, right?"
Needs more dogs
Chemistry teacher spilled acid on a dude's face.
"Yeah, fucking blacks can vote now"
Scooterfag
"Strong powerful people don't allow murder to occur, therefore if someone shoots you is your fault!"
Yeah because no one liked DGD or Emarosa with Jonny in it
"Wait, by pizza, do you mean little boys?"
But my media is bad narrative!
"I am glad that someone actually follow the scripture and put that woman in her place, the world would be a better place if all those fake Christians did the right thing like he did."
"What, they couldn't tell just by the artistic merit?"
"If we don't have our own weapons to fight against, what will motivate us to build bigger and better weapons?"
That's 1.5: Variants for you!
"It's because here it's just skins, not real money like in the starcraft case..."
It's pointless to be nice to people with no interest in fucking you.
The vegan Trump vote should not be under estimated.
is this a troll or someone who forgot their
Run.
"Brazil, land of the free and the home of the brave."
Oh no
"I'm Mexican American, and I could easily be a cartel member if I wanted to."
"Everything I know about PCs today came from a keyboarding class back in high school, so I kinda do know mostly everything."
MLG item packs bought off the deep web.
Which is why they pay so much for the use of the voting machines
"$0.10 in the US, despite the title using commie commas."
You'll learn how to kick some criminal ass.
"If we are living in NMS, why isn't it as colorful?"
I am sure he maintains a 50ft buffer of natural plants and doesn't use fertilizer on his property like the DNR suggests people do to protect waterways.
That totally justifies abusing babies.
Czech*
But you picked Trent Richardson already right?
You forgot
Whats Belfast is that in Eastern Europe?
"They already did it in Bahrain during quali and the race, empty stands everywhere."
But he's creating dependency
RIP Zelda's hands
Are you saying that an award winning dancer is uncoordinated?
"No, Garrisons require me to spend all my time in them."
"Pshhhh I could do better than that at 300 yards with a M1A, $300 scope and American eagle!"
"You have to read the lyrics of every song you listen to and absolutely agree with them, even if the lyrics aren't comprehensible while listening, otherwise the music sucks"
Thank you for reiterating what I just stated.
Nice flair.
A woman cooking for her family is misogynistic.
Baylor is terrible team
But they're just protecting the children.
You elitist bastard!
That means when the Broncos dump him at the end of the season he'll be that much healthier when we pick him up to be a stater!
Your*
Chicago O'hare
"Well if these millennials are ""techies,"" then the system is working as intended."
"Healthy at any size, any size at any age!"
Because everyone knows that having an STD is determined by how many partners you have not who they are.
"I agree, nerf plea!"
So funny
SPOOOOOOIIILLLLEEERRRRRZZZZZ
"Different-page-gate, literally the next bump-gate"
"But but this sort of thing has been happening since forever...tell me, did it not happen during UPA years?"
"Pshh, everyone knows the 42% is the REAL collectors item."
"Pfft, everybody knows that it's better to have a paper thin phone than a phone with a good battery life!"
There is no way they could ever build or modify an application platform for private data and coms share.
"Yes, because media bias is all the rage in high schools these days."
let musicians not be able to sue youtube uploaders with pitched voices because the songs sound so stupid its like a parody
"I'm gonna need some help here, what does ASAP mean?"
"NO, you just put the 5 best KDA players from a region on a team and rake in the major wins."
"What, do you expect a choice?"
"No, but he makes fiery speeches so clearly we're wrong about Collins"
"Na man, ADC is totally fine right now JUST KITE LAWL"
but it has *rain* this time
Neeeeeeeerrrrrd.
But he sucks and we should trade him
"This a lie by the american govermet Muslims are peace full people, this is why its called the religion of love"
"Prejudice and hate only ever exists in the US, haven't you heard?"
It could be worse - you could be a woman and get paid 78 cents on the dollar
Such as becoming a shitty person themselves.
It's in the title - 1798. duh.
"Gays are only 3/5 of a person, Blacks are negative people, according to conservatives."
"Obviously, the insurgents would be kind enough to let the government know who they are!"
He could petition to have it removed from the registry
Stabbed into various objects around the house.
so just all of them?
I blame AlphaRad.
"Everyone else is pulling your leg, she actually laid down on the floor because that's how she stumbled into prostitution...."
It's well known that attractive men prefer fat Tubblrinas.
make sure to do absolutely no research on your own before asking a question...because reading the wiki wouldn't have answered this for you.
"A train did a sick burnout for 2 hours, can't you read?"
"Send his ass down, he has been invisible all season"
"7 out of 9 are Republicans... Wow, who would have thunk it?"
Isn't Kanye's mere existence a charity to everyone?
God forbid someone destroy the narrative that white people actually have no melanin at all because every one of them is an albino.
But they promised me my mac couldn't get viruses!
"I mean, they're not people, so it's fair right?"
Because viper is obviously op
It's last gen holding us back
Wade to OKC to form the underwear big 3
No single life is more important than the drug war.
If germany had won WW2 we wiuldnt even need to discuss the refugees!
Men in society are oppressed
Surprised it's not just the death penalty down in TX
switch by nintendo switch the great
Just imagine how many more jobs it would get us though.
m'fatty
But there's definitely nothing wrong with wages in this country
"His best friend plays for the Clips, just saying"
Yes it will
I thought Scriptkiddies were the ones that use mommy and daddy's credit cards for hacks... I wish I could use mommy's and daddy's cards to be just as gud and kewl as them.
Should blame reddit instead
Guess I forgot the
No reddit is literally communist China run for the hills boiz
No one probably has said this but trade Price
I MISS THE DAYS WHEN GUYS WEREN'T FRIENDS AND THEY GOT IN FIGHTS THE LEAGUE IS SOFT NOW.
Or maybe cutting 1/3 of their pay will make them more motivated to teach?
Maybe it's chicken night at Red Lobster and he has left over white meat?
"yah what a terrible place, look at those spoiled fans reacting unjustifiably to a team who's only recently become an embarrassment"
Didn't Bowie Crockett win?
Ohh sweaty liquor....yay.
"We get no specs, no rims, and no colors, but at least they were generous enough to upgrade the Miata's brakes to drilled rotors for us"
"Because all the thinking that happened before the appointment (or since the moment you became fertile/got ""the talk"") just doesn't count."
"Stomping lane after being fed, that's unheard of."
Your project was creating a number?
Yeah lemme sell all my ad items as adc and buy armor
You've been told now lad!
"Nope, therefore he must exist!"
4chan
"Hey, it's still millions of viewers not something silly like just thousands or hundreds, and the Dems are getting more views per candidate."
No apparently he was le epic troll
"I mean fuck trying to educate them and integrate them, it's not like it will lead to radicalisation or anything"
"Yeah, peasant revolts always happen, especially during times where economic and diplomatic actions benefit them"
"Wait, what changed?"
Guess we should brace for it in Charleston huh?
And that would happen
"But if we raise the speed limits, how can we collect income?"
"MFA is that way man, get that gay crap out of here."
Their lives are *so* much better than those of the other cows
That's how Christians would have it in America.
I'm so ready to have to spend $1 per competitive match.
Donnie Darko
"With option to buy, this is great."
"Yes, yes, it's all very impressive, but OP doesn't have anything even *remotely* fresh."
You're a good person
"Yeah, it's their fault for not anticipating a flood that happens once a century!"
Go back to your basement you shitlord!
Don''t muddy the liberal reddit waters with facts.
Don't we all look like Graham?
Can there be more calls
"Well, is she?"
Yea but it's just a toy car anyway so it doesn't matter really.
But I think my $1.85 entitles me to a gourmet meal!
"If you're in your 30s, 40s or beyond, don't even try."
"And every state that Hillary didn't crush in is white, weird, and too close to Vermont"
"Yeah, because the global economy can be totally supported by a few artisans who hand-produce certain exclusive products."
my favorite is the dc arc because i havent read it and i have no idea what its even about
YEA HOW COULD YOU MAKE AN HONEST MISTAKE
"It's from Kotaku, clearly its dogshit!"
You forgot the
you mean it is a perfect 68?
"Nah he just got beefy by using math, didn't you read the comment bro?"
God can you believe he would even suggest that?
Yeah art is completely emotional and reactionary there's no reason or story behind art
Those are just the burgiousie who fled Cuba complaining about losing their money
well...they have to teach men not to rape women because if they don't it's going to be like the Purge all year long.
That's racist!
Bug or no?
"np we can use the EU Talent of G2 Perkz instead, he is like the best midlaner in the west anyways"
But you don't know what was in his heart!
"So, white people shouldn't open their mouths now?"
"Batman, Hawkman, and Vibe right?"
My favorite part is when it loops as soon as they are finished.
Religion in a nutshell
HE CANNOT HANDLE STRONG RUSSIAN WOMAN
THE PHOTOGRAPH IS MANIPULATIVE AND EXPLOITATIVE AND THAT'S A FACT
Pfft please all we need is cows and crops!
"you twat, not that kind of viral!"
"Don't forget that the Muslim President Obama would never risk blowing up the Muslim-owned Harrods, which is directly across the street."
really should have added
"Well I mean the war on drugs worked so well in South-America, what could go wrong..."
I CAN PRESS R AND KILL STUFF SO I MUST BE 4K MATERIAL
"When I grow up and have daughters, I can't wait to raise them poorly enough so that I have to monitor every facet of their life."
All the subreddits they allow and STILL you are on the one that isn't.
It's those damn Latino's ruining our country once again!
"Yes, the super where you literally come back from the dead to save a round, have super high health, can one hit melee people, and spam grenades all you like should definitely be buffed..."
Because your smiley faces are soooo much more proper and better at conveying your excitement.
Impossible fast food workers are some of the best laborers we have.. 15$ an hour!
"I'd grind his wife and children as well, and give it to their parents as food."
"Yeah, because this entire several paragraph rant was entirely about how hot but terrible Emma Watson is!"
I'll sell you my tar sands oil rights.
Good thing everyone donated to him for his computer so he can save his money to buy all these name changes
"he was black, case closed"
The red pill has benefited humanity is so many ways
I'm sure he would be understanding.....
"No, I don't think the emails have gotten enough attention yet."
Youre not surprised because you also think we're that good right?
They should sue the company and claim millions
"Nah man you don't get it, that dude has a good heart."
That 900p is breathtaking.
"Yeah, that's the policy every is up in arms about"
A few bad apples...
You forgot your
The Half Life series Serious Sam Bad Rats
"I can't believe you wasted all that time typing that out when you could of just wrote ""inting"""
Guess that explains why when I log on every zone in the game is a ghost town and the main campaign is always empty in prime time
"This is to raise awareness about Cazorla's height or something, right?"
"Ahh so *thats* why she capitalaized the word ""after"""
That *is* the housing.
"better not risk losing any subs - you should trademark the phrase ""I HATE X"" just in case someone tries to steal your content."
"His name is Greg, nice bloke"
"lol I was joking mate, probably should have ended with"
Not even better than DJ Hall
Thanks Notley!
Why are you taking about a safety that wasn't even the best safety in his state.
"Need a UN Peace Keeping troops to maintain the ""peace"" with Palestinians in Gaza"
i cant wait for malware to change this to a phishing webpage
"But you might have to ask her permission first, to see if he is allowed to read such books."
"yeah but colonialism, imperialism, white supremacy, laws, development just a few of the evils white men have done and this is thus okay"
You forgot the
Reaally?
Obviously this is the biggest problem.
Matchmaking rank
360 no scope
"Come on Mandy, give him another chance!"
It is still 1 serving a day though
PEYTON MANNING SUCKS
"""Chase Budinger"""
Beta drummer comment.
Gi bac ta' schoo' ya damn hippie!
"Couldn't agree more, we definitely would have won that game if we'd used the wildcat"
Dick pic = drink the bottle
"If those lazy leaches would get a job, they would have a better place to sleep!"
"I know, it's such a hidden gem!"
"Hey, let's not let facts get in the way of an opportunity to make the government look bad!"
"What a wacky world you live in, where white names are ""too ethnic"""
Your mom is primitive and chaotic!
"It's much safer to attack white people, because attackers is totally not racist this way"
Didn't get shot by North Korean flak while sightseeing the DMZ ?
Prove it.
I think you forgot the
Allah works in mysterious ways.
nope.....he wasnt on the camera enough and wasnt on stage.....he couldnt of been the best coach
You dropped your
"so yeah, lets not worry that he may actually do some good, fuck him and his bandwagon of abuse victims, right?"
I think you dropped a
He works in mysterious ways....
Dirty Swedes deserve to be banned.
"He needs to blow his nose more often, all that mucus cant be good."
Why do you need a third party when the first two are definitely not the same?
He's the 400lb hacker m8 don't fat shame
"Yeah, smalltalk sounds great!"
"Yeah, the movie is so amazing when you consider all the extra-cinematic information presented by Ridley Scott after the film's release!"
"Aw yiss, counterstrike!"
You can apologize for being an asshole but you can't apologize for being a pedantic prick.
"Gee I don't know, eight years of Bush, nothing negative about that."
When you have a boner that won't go down
"""Android is fucked"" works perfectly"
next they'll require a spouse
"""National Security Threat"" means who gives a fuck about old paper documents."
Trump will provide his medical report together with his tax return.
"No, but you see, diversity doesn't matter."
porn star ;)
Women don't know what a true man's like anymore
"Stop lying now, we know it's you Andrew."
He probably meant 'peek'
how else would the facebook page get any likes?
I hope Twitch bans GTA streams too.
Come to think of it guys Duncan is 37 after all...
I totally forgot you can't use steering wheel controllers on console!
yeah let's keep plastering this photo and make this guy's point for him and even motivate people to do similar things.
Back when america was great...
"Wow, nice original post"
What's the need for a random internet op like u/lolwatrollwa to comment on UCC online?
nah man riot is a greedy company where they made LoL a p2w game
"Lot of hard hitting facts there, truly a sign of how the Dallas Morning News is a leader, with no equals, in journalism."
Yeah because if you pick up a T Mobile G1 today it works great...and supports the latest build of android....
Vertically?
Andddd we didn't see this coming
Father of the year award
You see that's the problem I keep on running into.
That doesn't sound gay at all.
Yeah...but but white Europeans can do no wrong.
I thought Obama was the anti-Christ
Citation?
"oh no the rich will lose 60% of their money oh no, how will they be able to pay for their range rovers!"
Wait...Those aren't the only two options?
Good to see you read the second paragraph.
"Serious hard work, how could they manage to do it so fast?"
Waaaay more important then the TPP.
"If you are wearing a top of some kind then they aren't even close to being ""bare boobs"" I'll bet you're naked under your clothes aren't you, you slut?"
Yes because Russia and Syria are long-term enemies and any Russian support of Assad is completely ludicrous.
"Call me an old school anti-animalist pig but I don't think otter marriage should have ever been legalised, it makes a mockery of marriage"
"I'm sure ISIS, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Russia, and North Korea would totally agree and not take advantage of the situation at all."
"Psst, buddy, I know you're an asshole, but you may want to use this:"
Great/informative reply there dude.
It shows that you care
"Hey now guys, she had to get an awesome shot of her hair blowing in the wind in the beauty of the storm!"
But Jordan scored xx% of total points!
Thank you for your understanding and kind words.
Pfft clearly just Call of Duty with mechs.
I heard this is like a beginner move or something.
"Yeah, every year I look forward to our battle over the LoLhat."
Therriens lines.
"2*, is that Innova's new plastic?"
[Does Ethan get killed by Ramsey no matter what?]
Because then it becomes rape.
"Dodged a bullet, Dallas."
"Oh look, it's a homophobe, I am so surprised"
But that's different than Melee's meta so it's probably a bad thing...
I cooked dat' boiiiiii.
"Yes, anyone carrying a gun is a retard."
And look at what they are getting in return... All love.
"Well yeah, she's your wife!"
But earth is only 5000 years old.
"No, I'm pretty sure it's because of institutionalize land-dwelling prejudice in aquatic society."
"Resolve peacefully and receive exp, then kill and 2x ur exp"
"Looks like we should make ""human"" coed as well!"
"Oh no, we're all going to die!"
Vegans should be forced to eat meat
Cus we all know we pay all the refs
DON'T LET GAYS DEFILE THE PUBLIC EDUCATION SYSTEM!
"Well, at least his car looks hella cool"
That will help business.
"Because he wasn't doing it on purpose for some political or religious motive, his mental health was the issue, quite insane."
is this canon
So distracting when you actually have to keep your behavior in check
OMG SEX IS SO UNNATURAL AND EVIL.
Great game fora 11min quarter game.
"You forgot all the adam sandler movies, arrested development Season 4, and Fuller House!"
"**No pillow, cold shower, no fap, no deodorant crew**"
What makes you think that?
What a radical view.
Wii or if you have a good pc you can emulate it with HD texture packs but don't download the face texture packs because [they're really ugly]
But... But... But the Westboro Baptist Church is literally absolutely Christian Al-Qaeda!
"He heard it on Fox News, its obviously true!"
We should charge these judges with copyrighting the other judges' opinions.
Surely no parent that would apply their toddler into Mensa would do anything like that?
"Yah, Rexxar no impact at all."
you missed the
Best way to counter invisibility is with more invisibility.
Raise to something like 827.
yay I cant wait
I'd say about one million give or take a few
Because you're a cashier.
It must be Costa's fault!
You misspelled hysterical so I'm gonna condescend to you and blame you for the election results.
He say Gogoing not wickd ;)
but bro thats the best huntsman blue gem evr
"It'll be easy to recognize criminals then, the cops can go shoot anyone with a gun and leave the rest in peace."
They will definitely listen to your petition!
All you redditors are being anti-semetic right now.
"She used the wrong form of ""Your"" Return it in spite of her sever lack of grammatical knowledge"
"Yep, as a Floridian, I can confirm, areas like West Palm Beach, Winter Park, Windermere, Bay Hill, Fisher Island, Davis Island and Ponte Vedra are just disgusting ghetto areas of Florida."
You forgot the
Totally shut me down.
Lego battles was pretty amazing
"Well, the Turkish Prime Minister attended the Charlie Hebdo march in Paris, so we know that they are committed to free speech and will certainly quickly resolve this incident"
please watch rajnikant's shivaji-the boss for more information.
Without this comment I would have never known...
Polygon
Yeah everyone in the south has loads of money
But you can be an Atheist Hindooo!
Sounds like her intelligence is her most attractive feature
"They can just print more money when they need to cover the social security and Medicare, duh!"
I'm sure a $120 billion company wouldn't bother hiring analysts and lawyers to value the asset properly.
IT'S A RELIGION OF PEACE SHITLORDS!
"Stalin and Mao totally controlled the weather to intentionally cause famine so they could sabotage industrialization of the country, all communists therefore have the power to control the weather!"
Yea it's way more convenient to borrow a movie from a friend than it is to pop down to the local grocery store or liquor store and spend a buck on a movie.
Ohhhhh thaaaats why they call it hd audio
and we wouldn't have it any other way .... :)))
Kejriwal's government did more in 49 days than Kejriwal will do in 5 years.
Obviously Pep hasn't heard of IIFYM.
HAHA SO FUNNY
I think you forgot the
Im wishing the English good luck for your match against the Aussies tommorow
Russia doesn't have money stupid
yea cuz I'll just rush a site and do the exact same thing and it'll work in lem
BUT IT'S NOT BALANCED UNLESS I'M WINNING
"Seriously, why are there no good games anymore besides Witcher 3?"
"Yes, making an amazing item into an OP one would be really cool"
Well they're supposed to be realistic!
Stop victim blaming
I think it's cancer.
"now its totally-guarenteed NSA-proof, guys!"
"Great, less people to worry about abusing the system, right?"
Ask for the narwhal baconing at some hour and you'll find out.
He's still there under all of the ruble eating mentos and commenting on reddit via his phone.
Don't you know the NAP doesn't apply to commies
Sweden France America TOP 3 TEAMS
See how much you died
She just knows what she wants.
I think you are all forgetting: in internationalization disputes; two wrongs always make a right.
Yeah it's better to just play the odds and end up being shot and killed because you didn't feel like being cautious
"Well, they have to feed themselves somehow!"
He invented English for the glorious holy book
"Nope, if you ever make a mistake or have high enough latency where a divebomb kills you, *clearly* you must just be too dumb to beat content."
You're right; white-middle class conservatives are model citizens when it comes to tolerance.
You must be one of those people for whom the meanings of words matter... We're keeping our eye on you...
Why do you hate freedom?
That's helpful
No on his slice of pizza
Don't think he likes pots *that* much
435 Thanks for the giveaway OP
You Conneticunts are rich self entitled assholes is what you are.
#PS4masterrace
"I eat more than three times a day, but I totally expect my child to eat only three times."
You're saying they're not in a state of quantum flux like schrodinger's cat until observed?
seems legit
"Yes, I'm sure first past the post would solve all of Isreal's problems, why didn't anyone think of that before."
Wait...... So it's not a slug?
"This is obviously society's fault, we put them there!"
Stop sending spam
Good objectivity
Plot twist at the end results in a completely different chain of events that will start us in Black Ops 4 zombies with the Tranzit crew on a bus that crashes into a teleporter
But how would you explain Peter popoff?
"Yes, that's exactly what he was saying."
Yes but is the artwork original?
you dropped this:
Bing it.
TIL; teachers are heroes
where do i send my money?
Caring about one thing means you can't care about another thing!
Yay an ad.
"There are no puke-worthy booties, there are only shitlords with unrealistic standards for beauty."
Apparently you need this:
Is there any other kind?
"But don't you know, lesbians just haven't found the right penis yet"
"8 white, sexist, racist, violent Berniebros, I knew it"
Soz mate forgot the
"Ummm, it's pronounced WINE-er, THANK you!"
Minecraft...
"Yes, because shooting unarmed animals from dozens of yards away with a rifle is **so** manly."
Isnt molten core truely the pinnacle of raids thou?
No you just don't know what GOOD music is.
Who's Victor?
"""But humans are the only animal to drink *other* animals' milk!!"""
"What are you talking about, I thought we were all on the StevenxJeff ship, poor Connie."
"Wow, that really sucks that your work is oppressing your freedom of speech like that."
"If he held his phone correctly, instead of a really awkward way, TSM would be a powerhouse in the LoL scene; this just goes to show how completely unprofessional and how little they take their game seriously."
"That looks like the grabbing animation charizard used against mario in the direct, hmmmm.... Waddle dee confirmed!"
yeah because they picked their first names
"Like that guy knows anything about being Wide Receiver in the NFL, let alone a Norv Turner offense."
Derek Carr
"We don't like that sort here unless it involves one of the following: ""WHOOOOOOOOO"" ""Cut content"" ""KOJIIMAAAAAAAAAA"" Get with the program bub."
"Tanky stats on her W, 3 CC abilities, a passive that grants extra damage for allies What a bad support 0/10 wouldn't play"
I can't believe a government would want the power to control the weather and keep it secret.
Hmm.. That guy is obviously legit
the invisible hand of the market place giveth and taketh away capitalism in action!
if there is anything we need it's more zombie games
Bullshit!
Pokemon Sun and Moon!
with radar on if the consistently perform on it
"If only she had been carrying a gun, too."
Yes facts are super misogynistic
Whom is a made up word used to trick students.
"I don't know, maybe this QB could somehow overcome not having an O-line or wide receivers."
What are you talking about Microsoft has way better exclusives.
It's all the Jews fault!
"Maybe it really is Tatooine, and the planet's inhabitants decided to change its name to throw off the galactic paparazzi after all the press coverage from the whole ""Skywalker Incident""."
I'm so sick of being a dollar
"Yeah, because potential buyers totally shouldn't know about things like this."
"There is, it's called the MLS."
"Yeah, Kobe wasn't efficient so he was trash"
I doubt that would affect subway selling $5 footlongs to kids
Shut up you don't understand the meaning of this art!
Obvi if he's harassing his ex it MUST mean that she did something to deserve it
If only I can hide in my safe space and see nothing negative
"But it's a Diet Coke, so it's actually healthy for you."
Because 350 is just *so* impossible to reach without glitches.
Isn't it great that network executives have come a long way and don't insult our intelligence anymore.
Well they haven't been good since they drafted him...soooo....
Is there a point that you are trying to make here?
"Your computer, it's because everyone uses WIFI now that the pop-up ad on your LAN pc doesn't show up now."
We just have to lower taxes enough to make up for that difference in wages and everything will be great
"This just shows that mcdonald's is an evil, greedy corporation that would rather use machines than pay their workers a fair wage!"
"Just like communism, right?"
cool graphics
Can we make this a love triangle so I can have a bein subscription as well?
"Because it's working fabulously now, right?"
This really needed to be submitted as an image.
Peasant.
Morristown West RW
Lol just like how pao did nothing wrong
Never would have guessed this would happen.
"Duh, 4K is just a ripoff of Retina."
Tolzien Time!
Natural sugar comes from plants; HFCS is a refined chemical.
ZOS would never lie to us or do something half-baked like this ever!
"maybe disney should have considered that their lead actors should be multicultural, you racist fuck."
"Yeah, I love an explosive shot to the back after spawning in."
DUDE SPOILERS
Ur right we need more dank maymays in CS XD
Support for the Hong Kong protests
They let Duncan come back a couple of days later.
Yeah but he's literally hitler I don't care if he's good for international human rights he's a racist xenophobic sexist cishet shitlord
Thank god for the NRA.
He's probably some cis gender white male upper middle class too.
"Yea Hoyers okay but you have the future hall of famer Manziel, so its not really a fair comparison"
Man I'm so jealous I'm gonna go buy a vita and boost the sales by 100% now.
Fell(x) you shitlord!
"I dont know, but theres no reason we should doing this bad considering all the all stars we have."
UMG makes a deal with Sony to allow it so they both make money
Yeah this won't end in a trainwreck divorce in 2 years
That's 70% who have an unjustified and completely irrational aversion!
Obviously the jets didn't play good and the Canuck just played bad
Exactly what we are seeing in Colorado!
Yes because anyone who criticizes 343 must want a carbon copy of Halo 2/3.
Because obviously that's what it's like in real life...
Weirdo...why is he using a pump shotgun when a double gun was clearly called for o.0
And our alien overlords attempting to execute order 66 + Agenda 21 and operation jade helm from years ago.
"Easy, just send a SWAT team to the return address."
But he died!
"You're right, I totally would have voted for McCain if Obama were white."
"Physical media, the wave of the future."
"What superchargers, I don't see any..."
we are going to break your video game signing Pogba too
"It shouldn't say ""out of order"" should say ""damaged"""
"Nah, he must have a doctor's note for those shoes."
And this was definitely not a problem before the update
"No that's impossible, the video didn't show any of that so it couldn't have happened."
Cheers to my future Celus!
Honey Boo Boo is going to be hot when she gets older.
WTF BOYCOTT CHIA REEEEEEEE
You must hate Stonebank
Spoiler: Alla quarta puntata Catia muore d'ebola
And yet some how Israel are the bad guys.
"It's obvious your entire post is BS, because not once did you mention the ESPILLUMINATRIX, duh!"
But then he can't charge for each tweak individually to make more money!
"Hang on, is this 20GB content patch meant for Destiny?"
"Yeah, all those facts and good points shouldn't be in his opinion."
People who call people losers are winners.
"well they're obviously red/pink underneath that , so i don't see the problem"
"Yay, promoting drunk driving!"
"IDK man, everyone knows that random shooters are always super-well trained in the usage of their weapon and could never harm anyone in the way accidently."
You forgot your
"Obviously, Apple's profit will vanish overnight as it begins its downward spiral to its grave following the death of Steve Jobs"
"But when writing about how my group suffers, it's so much easier to stereotype the opposition!"
Sounds like a reasonable solution.
"To be fair, who DOESN'T bash america?"
Le fedora tip to you good sir
BUT IT'S MY ONE DAY OFF IN THE PAST 7 MONTHS AND I WAS GOING TO PLAY DESTINY FOR THE EXACT AMOUNT OF TIME THAT MAINTENANCE LASTS AND BUNGIE HATES EUROPE.
I don't think I've ever seen anyone run [[Ad Nauseam]] before.
Baby sheep and cows aren't as cute as baby seals
im sure they are using protection
You forgot the
I'm sure he just wasnt SEC ready
Where's undertale?
There goes another $400 Mil down the congressional investigation hole
"Wow, Martin is amazing, I could have sworn that was Benedict."
"It's okay, he upgraded max damage."
I agree the worst f2p game ever... Just wondering why you are still playing
"Sorry, forgot the"
"Yeah being undefeated bar one disqualification, obviously nothing special...."
"Shit, all mine is tied up in MNGA and AMD from the circlejerk about 6 months back"
"When they outlaw dashcams, only then will outlaws have dashcams!"
I'm sure a legendary bloodbug wouldn't be annoying at all.
but if you are black/white wouldn't you be gray instead of brown?
"A corrupt politician from Detroit, who would have imagined?"
[It's usually not so literal.]
"Ugh, typical kotaku in action!"
I just saw a jewish guy but thats just cause im not a racist like yall
"Yeah, it would suck if Elder Scrolls had fetch quests."
Should have used
He must've had money on that game.
Gotta love the weeaboo phase.
Probably Leper Gnome on a Warlock... Or Sludge Belcher...
"Remember everyone, there can't possibly be any reason to own military style assault weapons."
Sell high while you still can
Did rob liefield make it?
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA THAT WAS SO FUNNY
"Well, this is surprising."
"Yeah, because doing that could only end well....."
"Well we need to make sure everyone caters to your specific preferences, snowflake."
...
Fuckin breeders are just the worst.
"Well, those elderly people probably went through the Great Depression, so they already got some practice!"
"Destiny, gosh can't you see the ghost."
Maybe it was your fault?
"There must not have been any bisexual, orange-haired, half-black and half-jewish females weighing over 15 stone in the competition."
"Man, I've seen more than that on a Friday night!"
"Man, Banksy is *sooooo* deep."
"Yeah, suits aren't real clothes what was this guy thinking."
"But remember folks, the Trump campaign is the REAL supporter of minorities."
"He lost the primary, GET OVER IT REDDIT"
"Yeah who knows, I may have bruteforced a seed ai somewhere in all the noise."
Gotta hear both sides
Only an asian women would understand
You don't have digs faster than he walks downvoted
"Excuse you, they're called Romani!"
Is this sarcasm?
THIS is the type of thing I come to this subreddit for...
Martial to Barca confirmed.
They're literally unreadable
"Guys you dont get it, pre-aiming an angle is 100% aimlock"
But I have a Mac is that a PC?
Clearly the algorithm is to blame
Omg he's so right that's why when you walk on a college campus you soooo cant tell who is a freshman.
Advanced Placement
It's JUST CHIMNEY SOOT
"In that order, too."
Because high school is such a serious thing and these problems matter!
No its because it was in America and we are fat and uncultured
Shut up you big fat SJW meanie!
Such a great defense of Trump.
except include part of the community
Bad haircut omg FML this is truly the worst thing that's ever happened better post to Reddit
Kylo Ren is Darth Vegas and Luke is snoke and bb8 is anakin reincarnated
"Yes, please make a top tier weapon more op."
Yeah the best thing for working class Americans is for a con man like Trump who shipped jobs overseas to get into office
Because top Smash 4 players don't get upset in pools
"Please ra, i would love you to shove that laser up my ass faster and easier!"
Other minorities could learn a thing or two
"Right, because skin of a slightly different shade means the kid looks nothing like you."
Probably because your scalp looked disgusting
You can really see it flowering in the last pic.
Jr smith saved your season !
"Wow, I thought only PC gamers used haxxorz"
Because people like OP is clearly in the same situation as your GF
Maybe they were a rugby team asshole.
Plus he sells a shit ton of shirts
Combo or GTFO
The dance of his people.
Don't be obtuse a wall is racist.
Great.
"And she will grow to be an exemplary woman, with solid values and morals."
I bet being stuck in a bear trap will do that to a fella
"It does have a cooldown, it's called reload."
"Can't wait for paid ""early access"" games!"
"Bring em over to MMA, there's a huge lack of injuries over there"
But doesn't just create more male privilege and empower the patriarchy?
"Name calling, the definitive go-to for when you *know* you're right."
I really didn't expect Intel/Nvidia to lead.
But OMG thats RACIST!
Obviously it's the marker for the better types.
"Wow, the things valve do just to spite ex-ibp"
"Yeah, apple has nothing against 3rd party repair shops fixing your phone, which is why they all have unlimited access to oem parts."
"Yunners, don't you know opinions are *frowned upon* here?"
Yea..Abraham Lincoln was fucking crazy....fuck him!
Because South Park has never had multiple episodes referencing the same thing.
Throwing money at problems is the best way to solve problems.
"Thank goodness your mom prayed, and god intervened, because you're so terribly incompetent."
I bet his intelligence just intimidates them.
definitely new yeah
That's exactly how they drew that up...
Its all Russia's fault
It's like a white person can't even express herself without being called a racist.
A mighty statue
You mean I'm not special for telling the barista that I'm Spartacus or Voldemort?
Nightmares for life
You mean a grittled cheese melt?
"Wow, they're so noble and brave!"
"Weet je wel niet hoe hard werken dat is, 440 mensen ontslaan?"
"But we should definitely not view them objectively at all like we would anyone else in the context of history, because they are Americans and thus deserve special treatment!"
"Yeah, cause it'll increase public safety"
Trust the process.
Have you tried turning it off and on again?
"he saw it in a porno and the actress seemed to enjoy it, therefore all women like it"
Can't wait for the Ryze trolls!
Wouldn't it be horrible If Tony Abbott didn't support you?
"Right, that would automatically make it appeal to the masses"
"Well considering that OP said they'd been exchanging hand written cards up to this point, I guess it's appropriate."
It's cause you have no charging handle :^ )
It's all this Patriacrchy^TM that's bringing them down.
But I want to shoot people with a snowspeeder tow cable...
U wot m8?
"and when you are sinking an enemy ship, you are supposed to take their crew on the board of your own ship and only then you can attack that enemy ship"
From east side of harlem can say things are really turning around
"They had their hands up, a clear sign of aggression."
You forgot the
"Yeah, because there are no stupid people who are skinny."
And he's Russian agent because he flew to Russia!
VaidaxDorcas
You dropped this
What r9k means too me *two sisters want to bang... They aren't suppose to bang... Because they're sisters.... They bang anyways...* Don't let cutlers view on *forbidden love* get in the way of making *love* Let's all go bang our sisters &lt;3
Because crouching in other games doesnt make your hitbox smaller
You homophobic xenophobic sexist racist whatever
"Shh... people don't care about ""facts"" like that!"
Don't you know that you must automatically know everything that an experienced developer knows?
Being thin at CB sure worked well for us last year.
"They have better Internet, those fuckers"
literally pay to win.
I think he plans to create a version of Dark Souls where you are only thrown the key to your cell after 2 hours of playing
this obviously means that they weren't snooping hard enough
Sexism didn't exist until Hillary ran for prez
Can't tell if actual social justice warrior or
Definitely bookmarking this site.
Yay for automation replacing human labour!
"No, he needs to be punished for trying to look up porn!"
Probably the game causes to the Samsung become hot af and almost explode
"That's right, because the Palestinians started this whole shit show in the first place."
"Nah brah, I work constrcution and totally need a pick up to haul my tool belt around."
He said he travelled to Europe.
Man I bet that drive to Chicago got old for home games.
"Yes, just fan the flame between the fans some more...."
Have fun in hell OP
Urban Meyer's fault.
But if I have a expensive modern deck and devote all my free time to play testing there is a chance I could cash in a big tournament!
Because corporations show such responsibility with your private information and never try to monetize every single aspect.
How DARE you not like Simulor Mirage?
I can see you read the post
There seems to be a section missing about the Monero innovations which make it scale better than an unrestricted (non-Blockstream/Core) Bitcoin.
#NAME?
nah we need new sounds
Fuck off with your engineering
What do you expect when almost no armor models have pouches?
"Cause, accidents dont happen."
"""Now Bernie boy, show me where he touched you inappropriately."""
"W-w-wait, are you trying to tell me that feminism *isn't* about enslaving men and using them as breeding machines?"
lol kiamundy Wow big fan of ur shite content
But he probably enjoyed it
Since the government has stopped so many attacks
"w/o the government, there is no problem."
"You are a non believer, hoobastank outside her apartment window is the way to go."
"A Shepherd, guiding the sheep and protecting them from the wolves."
Oh dude of course I put my heart and soul into this
I am sure that the church has reassured him that he should just have faith!
They don't like it when they're on the receiving end of jank and autocombos
Please take the movements of power at face value like logical people
because they were totally cheering that LeBron got hurt and not the charge call
"Next time a woman's fist meets my face, I'll remember to get a weapon, thanks for the advice."
"I admire your effort, it's no easy task to achieve that level of brainwashing, pulling a man away from truly beautiful huge bodies resembling solidified sexy magma flows."
"great, there was a real lack of stores around these parts."
Then all who voted for Hillary go for Jill
BUILD A WALL!
"Ahh yes, completely logical reason to murder a human being."
"""Destroy hopes and dreams in order to reach the Cash-Generator"""
"Pfft, noob, anyone with any form of self respect can tell that it is in fact an StG44."
No it's better
Spy or international call girl?
Well 1 Aston Martin owner is definitely a more significant sample than 1 Toyota owner.
Kentucky players already are getting paid enough!
But that's communism!
Unlike Reddit.
While Brock can continue doing what he does best: Eat Sleep Inject Repeat
Is this chapter 3.
"Thank you, Hitler."
Which is why everyone should be tuned for speed density ^^^^
Looks like we need some renewable helium.
Dude spoiler that shit.
Not all of us live in California...
"Wow it looks exactly like one wildfire case, except it has 3 zeros to the right, great useful post."
"""its Esport ready guys!"""
I think the letters B and K in no particular order would disagree
That's a new pixel feature though
"I mean, if it was in 6.76, he would be right"
Dat ink resistance coming through
"Oh man, lets all run over to the Xbox camp and moon them!"
"cool thanks, should be a fun night of farming."
A fate worse than cancer.
yeah hes a bust
But Pettine said he holds all players accountable!
He appears to be leaking some sort of fluid out of his belly button.
Because robbing someone else of the opportunity is more fun
"Nah, he still thinks they use tokens"
"I really didn't think I needed to add one, but here you go:"
"Well, this will be a popular comment"
"What, no death penalty?"
Everyone knows only guns kill people so obviously the story is false.
"Seems like a safe place, I'm sure that'll never be a target."
Uhh...NSFW?
Your parents sound classy.
Busy news day for the colts finally!
But isn't [[Upgrade]] a rare card?
Dial needs to cut it out with the penalties in key situations.
But the media told me there was no proof!
The hundreds of people who think they can write a better story than the writers of the show
Where is everyone getting all these cool prism skins?
He did a field install of q-tip props.
"What a peasant, everyone knows you're born into it and don't become glorious."
Uhhhhhhhh everyone knows the cure for cancer is bananas with brown spots and weed.
Someone's looking to be banned.
Too bad that will never happen in our lifetime
when you keep shouting tank mines just to alert Ching it's super effective
That demographic is probably reading the Sun or the Daily Mail anyway.
"I can't decide which is worse: advocating for the death penalty, or claiming plagiarism over a four words in black text on a yellow background."
"it would be a real shame if he resisted arrest, got shot, and died on route to emergency."
Meera isn't being suspicious at all...
But it's okay to make fun of Tom Cruise because he's a successful actor.
Who cares about this retired frame
hey Call of Duty is pretty much only for 10 year old girls.
"Your ludicrous pedantism aside, you managed to add nothing of merit to the discussion."
"""So what, it's just sex"" OP, having sex with people you find unattractive is normal!"
And more melee.
"I wish RandomRambo took FPL more seriously and communicated well, like these other guys"
early access done right
"Yeah, holy fuck 100ml of 40% alcohol that's like 4 units you'd be basically paralytic."
"Gather up le Reddit army, looks like its a downvote festival for a obvious"
"Ooooh, that's it, my longdog is clearly half Azawakh because he's fawn and has a super-long neck!"
Because 7 men on the right side of the snapper caused Succop to miss that kick
Don't they?
"Its really convenient all these ""3rd party trolls"" just happen to target the people GG decide to hate, total coincidence nothing suspicious about it!"
There you go again...
"Dude, I support Trump too!"
Good thing news sources don't check Reddit.
This is why I don't trust the liberal white guilt agenda.
What part of she was from the south didn't you understand?
Reported for abusing other users.
Don't you know that it's okay when a Republican does it?
"What you really need to take away is that it's all the fault of women, and in no way does our Nice Guy need to examine or alter his own actions and beliefs."
"at first i wanted to downvote you, but then i started reading the first letter of your comment then the 2nd and so on, until i read the whole thing, now i am torn between not doing anything and an upvote obviously"
But look how much they helped!
"I've never murdered anyone, but I guess there's a first time for everything!"
"yeah, but obviously this stat shows it's stupid to take a qb in the first round"
7S 4 lyfe
Yeah I hate it when girls don't let you call them a bitch
Strawmen are what conservatives are all about.
I don't understand why someone would pierce their nipples.
But what if Hillary's right and only white people are hard-working?
Rare fish
"No you must cut the deficit and reduce investment into infrastructure, that is the only thing which helps a country out of a recession."
you dropped your
"Yes because removing the only vested interest these idiots (English, French, and Russian alike) have is a good idea"
Quick decipher the morse code.
Babies!
Buy the bags you rich prick.
You know guys and their uncontrollable urge to rape everything ever.
I'm sure nobody expected this.
"Maybe if we make it like the Ai module for Ai turrets then it will be fair, balanced and fun for all!"
"If I wasn't so narcissistic, I wouldn't have sciatica or spd"
He sounds like a professional caster no time for sense of humour
but i just gave you a 390 why would you want a 950 again D:
"Sorry, should've finished with"
But...that 100% feedback...
I think you dropped this:
"Only if it was ""true legalization"""
Don't do cardio
"It makes you press water twice, don't be too impressed."
"Oh, but you know - people treat you nicer, and have lower standards / expectations of you, and you can *always* get laid anytime you want."
ayyyyy lmao
Fucking Puritan assholes
"Yeah, better to just let them die out"
How dare you upload a photo in only 30 FPS don't you know that doesn't use all your ram?
"A ""snitler"" if you will..."
The horror.
losing rounds are usually good
"As an avid Europa Universalis player, I beg to differ!"
"Hey pal, if real politicians don't have one, then neither should you."
The two time loser Carly Fiorina isn't helping Lyin' Ted?
"We all know this is BS because there's no way in hell Wal-Mart would ever give anyone 3 weeks of vacation, amirite?"
"leeto plz, vcog6x on deagle and rex"
This should go well
You're just saying that cus the bengals end up with Hernandez.
I just love this new age relationship logic.
"Its only fair for us to give more, not them."
You just don't know how hard it is to be a college educated white woman in the richest country in the world.
people tried to sell less for 20 bucks on steam... i don't see why you should not do the same
"Shhh, that almost sounds like you're saying something positive about windows 8, and everyone knows that it is literally hitler."
The evidence is that the democratic party is fundamentally good so they must want what he thinks is good
"Right because if a Republican was the President, democrats would all of a sudden be against airstrikes on IS."
That's below freezing for your average Floridian.
They need unions.
We need another Union Royal Commission...
"Yeah, it's not like they hire the best mathematicians and programmers on the planet... I'm sure those guys would never contribute to FOSS."
Nah its a canvas
"Yeah yeah, this climate blah-blah is a hoax, these are purely natural events just more in-your-face thanks to /reddit...."
Look at all those terrorists
Yeah I'm sure you'd be saying the same thing if you got shorted a custom unusual
you didn't even give him a chance!
"So are we Americans, we just have no accents and a ton of freedoommmmm!"
If everyone had an axe this could have been prevented!
"I liked the part when she went into detail about how much she has to give to the right ""normal"" man and to the relationship."
"oh yes, SO NICE."
"Your entitled to disagree, but you're wrong!"
1 billion dollars
Unlike the expense of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill.
"It doesn't count, they don't look alike."
That'll show them!
Aaahahahahahahaha
Yeah because those things are exactly the same kind of thinking as Holocaust deniers.
Think of all the lives banning this flag will save.
Blue Beetle
"But Black people don't have to use separate water fountains, racism is dead."
Europe for roman polytheists.
I like his hair.
I guess it's pretty easy to lose something that you never really went to the Moon to get.
.............
Naw man just shoot him with a bow outside the boss zone
They were probably racist
"Yeah, I'm sure that's the most obvious thing that gives it away."
obv we need more cheap silence minions to counter it
"I hope ""the criminals"" don't realize that upgrading to iOS8 means ""the law"" can't touch them."
You're taking those scriptures out of context!
"This can't possibly be a joke, right?"
Think it will become available as a free psplus game before Duck Dynasty?
How dare the judge interfere in this is praying away the AIDS campaign.
"Double play Strike out, just as great"
Jesus wrote the Constitution!
"No, I forgot that on the internet with billions of users, there are people who are indeed excited for that game therefore invalidating my claims or concerns"
I mean it's probably fair use because they're not selling it right?
"Yes, I'm sure there are no outside pressures from Men in their family, etc."
"Nah, I'm sure it's fine if a white woman wants to wear one."
Racially oppressed?
"Wow, he really put the ""offensive"" in ""Global Offensive""."
He's unnamed so there's still a chance
So what about a 1 hour 2mins flight?
"Duh, so our SOS is good enough for the playoffs."
The same solid basis that brought Italy in the same alliance.
'merica !
Well Melo is clearly the better post player and his defense is second to none...
So... she's done riding the dick carousel?
"Of course, but we NEEDED the human element, remember?"
barra cual?
But but but if one man/woman does something stupid it *must* be a reflection on every other!
Totally not photshopped at all
But Warren Buffett says diversification is stupid!
Time to break my arm
It's sad that a pig is more interested in voting than the average American.
"I'm sure that Dunford's supervisor will have a nice chat with him about the UCMJ's rules regarding moonlighting, and that he should still conduct himself in a manner that reflects the highest traditions and honors of the United States Army."
Only criminals and terrorists use cash - ban it and live free!
But he's too much of a competitor to leave the NFL...
Didn't know the Wii U could run windows 10.
Reddit is going to love this.
"Yeah, don't ruin it for the hackers guise!"
This is so interesting and relevant to this subreddit.
No one was gonna say talk about that
"Oh, but we're supposed to be wearing high heels when we wash those dishes, like June Cleaver."
"Ah yes, Zarya's shoot at the ground to run away quicker mobility, best escape"
Crazy how we this did not become a done deal
I'm sure Anita has never heard of Simone de Beauvoir before because she's soooo obscure
Yeah because calling out the media will definitely get him more air time
"You see, ""anger"" isn't a ""feeling"" because ""feelings"" are feminine: ""Honestly most men just don't have many feels"" (u/AbsoluteShame, 2016) But anger is masculine, so clearly it's not a feeling."
NO GET YOURSELF TO A HOSPITAL RIGHT NOW
"No, he just missed the"
"yeah, I totally beleive you"
"Yes, that's right, now bow down to your noble king."
If he is indicted the whites will riot.
Just so he can get in there and stick his dirty dick inside the women... wait a minute...
We're only persecuting her because she's a woman
"Oh boy, here we go again..."
Brett Favre is excellent in this show.
"Because it's like, I don't know, a gigantic ball of explosive putty?"
Naw man the real way to succeed is to spend all of your time at general assembly trying to build consensus.
All that LA squad utility.
"Hey man, if you hate the ghostbusters remake, you're automatically sexist."
Sounds like a nice place
I thought PCs were way cheaper and more cost effective than consoles.
"Wow 9 threes, scrubs."
That's how you learn and grow.
"""It didn't go far enough!"""
Yeah because we'll really get things done with trudeau
"Yeah, those George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and Benjamin Franklin cats were just a bunch of posers!"
Leslie Jones is unfunny.
But it's central Florida!
All accurate thumbnails for sensational content is clickbait
"Water = Purple (probably) Water = Deep (Sometimes) Therefore, Purple = Deep"
"Yeah, I'm sure that's is the only country he's heard of."
"Yes, one cannot truly understand algebra without first accepting that Muhammad was the last prophet of God."
Hey she still cares about the people of Flint.
"Probably, but they all want to undermine democracy, right?"
"Don't worry, that arts or gender degree they are probably getting will open so many doors."
"Gots me a Viper, awww yiss."
I'm shocked
It's because anyone who points out any negative superficial thing about any woman is a small dicked virgin neckbeard living in his mother's basement!
Don't you mean November 29th.
Because it froze to death right.
What's wrong with a nice cool bowl of plain sour yoghurt in the morning?
"Yea, I can't see anything bad/wasteful coming from someone taking shrooms and MDMA for their first time together!"
Because jokes that acknowledge normal human needs or instincts are bad and immoral.
"Psh, I get a game for one day and it's played for 25 hours"
Should've had one of the kids smoking weed.
"Yeah, but don't give me shit when I actually try to make threads"
"yeah, that carr has won too many games for the raiders for them to pick up winston"
'cause we haven't learned anything or improved any of our technology since the 70s
Racism was invented by sjws and white guilt
"Just for the sake of noobs, this comment needs a"
"Yes, freedom of the press is the same thing as mass government censorship."
Probably NSA.
Can you tell me more about how disgusting I am....I mean it is?
sylvannus
"I don't know, this still sounds like a failed bank robbery from what I read from unsourced reports on Twitter that happen to reinforce my worldview."
The great ones find a way.
Where's the damn bot when you need it?
Roslindale isn't in the city anyway
"Yes, that's exactly what I'm trying to defend, I mean it's obvious."
Right because on DUI at 21 is indicative that a 35 year old who wants to get a pilot's license is a significant risk.
"Yeah, because women can't do additions"
I'm sure all of these people are Xenophon supporters and not members of the ALP or LNP
"Why, No Man's Sky was great."
No they are just softening him for the season.
"She's right, it's EXACTLY the same because ""Everybody LEAAAAVES ME!!!!"""
Just like Saudi king
Clearly the domestic spying laws don't go far enough to be effective.
"Yeah, parents never help their kids do anything."
"And everybody knows you can't have a talk about institutional racism until there is no more black on black violence, duh."
Here's a downvote for just opening your mouth.
"Dude check your databooks, straight foward punch is a S-Rank forbidden technique, second to none of kakashi's techniques."
But he opposed the Dirty capitalistic US in Cuba and other countries so he is all good!
Listening with my ears tends to work for me
Feel.
"""And, in other news, Himmler announced they'll only be killing 3 million Jews this year."""
"I prefer ""our pork-eating friends"""
i guess i should've used
"Wow, poor kid, anyone should know fuck is a really dangerous word!"
Minor details...
The feminist cabal always plays the long game!
But Miss Harvey is a 5x world champion
Pics or gtfo
"Yeah, because that was what he was asking."
Those things suck.
Censorship is fine as long as you censor the people I don't like.
"I mean Scott is an allstar game captain and mvp after all, clearly better than Sid"
Dicks out for Buscombe
Because that'll totally help
"Well, what if Canada attacks us?"
Next year everything will be better
"Toma, te falto:"
"To be fair to Milbury, I'm sure the mouthguard was a major negative influence."
"No, I thought that my dream was very realistic all along and achievable."
"No, no, his job is to try to trick some atheists in America, but they're to clever for him and see right through him."
Just do what they do and level to 55 in normal docks
"He coulda lined up as DB, his fault he couldn't see the future"
missed the
"Yes, personality is 100% environmental"
One word: Satellite Internet
"Yeah, because the baton is the good part."
You forgot your
That twist at the end really makes for one of the greatest stories I've read all year.
So movies can't make kids more mature?
"Implying that that's ""real rock"" since it was made after 2000."
Grats.....Alliance scum
"Um.. you are aware that if you roll under your stat you fail the epic win, right?"
"Yes, he has been so nice to her."
Damn fail divisions
Yeah journalists are notoriously well payed.
I wonder how long before he posts a field report on how AWALT on TRP and how he can prove feminist bitches secretly love the alpha cock
I wish I was set for life too.
They were all just false flags.
Source?
At least our characters aren't all white males
"Yeah but if he were a girl, we wouldn't be able to say that because we'd be victim blaming."
Probably the best super delegates that her money can buy...
"Yah... the RS5, RS6 and the R8 are such a bad cars."
Wrong -Breitbart
They're stuck in black screen trying to respawn..
Yeah it would be a shame if the patient in OP's story lost use of his lower extremities.
Yes but all that hardware is like 8-9000 $ and you need to upgrade every year so consoles still win!
"Hey, good friend ;)"
"Yes, that's EXACTLY what he's saying..."
Thanks for the notification Topps!
Breasts are only appropriate when Femen does it.
"Yeah, I know, should have added a"
FaZe are going to lose to dT just so they can say OpTic still hasn't beat them on lan...
What you mean your hair doesn't just fall out when you get cancer?
But he was in that dumb and dumber movie!
Maybe Xpecial taught him.
Dad confirmed Zakir Naik
Be drafted
Yeah I would love to get one Pakpak every 2 days rather than saving up to get any of the totally not good spheres that are available.
no but Bridgewater is so much better
Just like the MUSLIMS!
You dropped your
We Back!
"I know, it's not cinematic at all."
"Uh, no, bro, we have to throw a fit about it and block them even if it makes them wreck because road rage affects everyone but me."
"Wow I'm so spooked I may not ever sleep again, I'm so happy this was upvoted so I could see it!"
"unless they're op, like captain's parrot and novice engineer"
But Wilt wouldn't be as great in today's NBA.
"Too controversial for HBO, but it should do great when sponsored by Tide laundry detergent."
"""But..but she invested so much in the relationship..."""
He's sorry though guys.
"If you lived in a 3rd world country, you'd be much kinder to animals"
"You're right, they should fire everyone and start over"
It's easier to deport stacked caskets I suppose.
I'm gonna try this with a triple a and see if I can the FDA to regulate those pesky alkalines.
"No, she's African-American, therefore she CANNOT be racist."
... But I want the university to render extrajudicial punishments without much work on my part!
"But speaking in English is a sign of intellect and being elite, isn't it ?"
Now we talk about Italian immigrants ?
Well they're obviously not *real* Christians then.
[Fuck OFF Dude!]
The solution was s1mple.
Oh yeah that corn is real hard to come by these days.....
"No, it must be his inferior southern religious fashion sense that would make him want to wear that out in public."
too soon?
Michael Jordan flu game
"How dare you use so many periods, of to the executioner with you"
"Yeah, just make your brain comprehend math better!"
"JEEESUS blizz, glad I'm playing beta can't wait to play full release"
see me in melee
Gee I hope so can't imagine what life would be like without checks!
It's a money trap get out while you still can
3 January 1521
But it's still Obama's fault.
Use a magnet
Depends on your allowance I guess
buh... I got 550 dollars back from the carbon tax dismissal!
Found the Commie.
Because we need to be taking steps backwards with our drinking laws.
Obvious shill is obvious.
"Yeah, cause ""trickle down"" economics was such a huge success"
What isn't rape?
Why would anybody do it for any other reason?
They're going broke so they need more money for their services
This is why we use
"But if we evolved from archaic human in Africa 200,000 years ago, where are they now?"
He forgot the
Origins and MotD remakes confirmed!
I feel safer already.
"Islamaphobes, obviously"
Facebook is going to settle the Palestinian-Israeli conflict too
*could of
"Amazing, isn't it..."
"Yeah, just likes she's always been against the TPP !"
Vert stabs will be for arty week
If they can smoke weed they can't be that bad!
Informed = Reads the Guardian.
Teachers want to make politicians' jobs dependent on GDP scores.
Surprised to see Suarez in here!
I bet they're pretty good
Man up and stop being so uptight.
Worked for the Dreamcast
1) Raise taxes 2) Restrict firearms and add big fire arms taxes 3) increase entitlements 3) problem solved
Are you sure these aren't just 2008 - 2009 Jakks WWE figures?
LIEK ERMAGAWD A TEENAGE BOY WATCHING PORN HE MUST BE POSSESSED BY THE DEVIL.
"How will you discern between mili grams and, o so, popular mega grams this way?"
You're just not smart enough to grasp how profound that would be.
What's a doggo?
b-b-but...they have KSSN so it's ok
Women have always been the primary victims of male circumcision.
"Here, you dropped this:"
"This must have been part of his secret, secular plan to make Islam look bad."
"No the game is just fucking awful, not worth the money at all, this is actually a sub about hating on borderlands"
Unions did wonders for Detroit... more of that
"She can count to potato, she smart!"
"No, it was dropped by the twelve B2 stealth bombers the US sold to the rebels."
Halo Combat Evolved
"Yeah, resorting to violence to reach liberation from opression is always wrong."
Love it when my team locks double hanzo double genji
Racist!
Just own a reference 290
don't tell op that you'll make him a pussy.
i should have lead with
"Lol, you have to understand that dog time passes much faster, so he was here answering questions a lot longer"
The wedding guests are just jealous!
Well that's different because Jeebus is the ONE TRUE GAWD.
"Well, obviously the DoJ just doesn't care about black people."
But...But...DLC5.
"Exactly, if countries sent athletes, that means they're happy with having been colonised."
What if the OP is actually considering the intelligence of punjabis and pathans.
Casi no vi el
"Whoa whoa whoa- Keeping a Boolean value in a database set to ""TRUE"" is a costly endeavor and must be checked each month to ensure that it's still set to ""TRUE""."
idk man Larry Hughes had like 1 good game in the playoffs?
"He occasionally smokes weed, so he is a criminal degenerate who deserves to be chucked in the slammer for good"
Damn almost identical to what's it's going to be against Hillary
What episode is this one from?
Looks like I'll be telling the team to break Banega's and Gameiro's legs when you guys use all 3 subs then we can have a 9v9 game.
"Russia would never use the veto, someone should have a graph off all the powers vetos I bet Russia is last."
Didn't know Raikkonen switched cars with Magnussen and travelled back a year in time to get overtaken by the guy he supposedly overtook
Millions of hideous people!
frack
Yeah they deserve to die yeah what idiots glad they're gone for not calling.
"Muhammad jihad dirka dirka jihad, dirka dirka muhammad."
At least I'll be able to see a professional within 4 hours and book a GP appointment decently
DER ANSCHLAG IST DEUTSCHLANDS HOLOCAUST!
Posting memes on 4chan is a great way to reach out to women.
Jared Leto as The Joker.
*Yeah but if he wasn't..*
getting system hacked all game
In front of your what?
It's because she is being repressed of her freedoms.
This is actually extremely relevant to the topic.
Well he is injured
"Well he IS white after all, and the amount of melanin in your skin is inversely correlated with how racist you are as we all know"
Fuck off you fat fucker.
"""Millions of satisfied customer"" ""Harmonises water energy"" And we haven't heard of this yet, how strange"
Just a bunch of conspiracy nuts!
Wow there is a surprise
You forgot
Yeah but they're weird looking and that affects me sooooooooooooooooooo
"What are you doing here, cluttering up our subreddit with quality content, taking up valuable circlejerking and shitposting space?"
Because that worked so well with the Lava Strykewyrms.
The war on Christmas is getting out of hand
Serves you right for not knowing that free demo apps are serious business
Stop being so fucking entitled!
"ma roba tipo echelon, o che l'nsa spia le ns comunicazioni, figurati se hanno tempo da perdere ascoltando noi al telefono"
0100 Zulu
Literally unplayable.
But then raids are ok!
"As a resident of Alabama, I can't understand these big words you are using."
2nd best team NA
only god can judge me
"Yeah, Comic books have been around like eighty years, so I'm sure the movies will take a hard dive in like four years."
This is an excellent use of government resources.
We could have had super star Glen Coffee
This redditor is obvious so right and much smarter than the minds behind NATO.
"norwegian here, its hard living life in a communist police state where chairman Erna Solberg controls every facet of our lives."
"Yeah, who saw something like *that* coming"
Get off our fucking sub...
yeah people would definitely not be laughing if said he needed feminism because he likes to fuck goats.
You trying to say that being the President isn't American enough?
For around the same production
What an honorable level of discourse.
shocker that no one in hear read the actual article
Ah but you go to B&amp;N for the customer care experience!
apparently his poor boner is the real victim in all this.
Now weps are going all-class to?
Looks like you are banned for the rest of Fifa 15.
Don't forget YouTube content creators
But the only thing that fuels invention is money!
They clearly used photoshop
"They should, it's free speech!"
"It's not about the cartoon, you silly people, it's about French people occupying France, just like Jews that occupy Judea."
If they were **real** climbers they wouldn't have made those mistakes!
Thug U doesn't just make dirty hits their stealing stuff too!
The isis?
Cause...Morgan Freeman's got the *voice*
"Poor little catholics, constantly being ostracized :("
Well of course she waited 2 days she had to wait the certain amount of time or else it would've looked like she was desperate.
"Well you gotta understand, they might catch the gay or something."
That's what you get for not being able to afford first class
Mutilating yourself and bangimg the same sex is straight as an arrow.
Full of Manassholes!
Im sure they were all just having suicidal mental breakdowns for saying such things
how original
"Yes, every atheist is a circle-jerking idiot."
"Because all we do is for men, we need their validation to live and finding a husband is our ultimate life goal."
b-b-but the mod is dead!
Can' wait for this.
"We have record deficits, why don't you take out a giant loan and sacrifice like the gov't is!"
"Ummm God made ""Adam &amp; Eve"" not ""Adam &amp; a Beer"""
"A tv show called the Simpsons, duh."
'Bussian Rias iz why I can't l2p'
video chats are just a long selfie with an audience!
Only God can judge me
"Yeah, fuck those white people, amirite?"
why isn't she black
Mine.
I'm sure all the WD's using that skill/rune appreciate its' mechanics being made clear.
"If we don't pour more millions of dollars into this select committee, we'll never know how incriminating it is"
I agree
"However if you try too hard, you're a try-hard so you gotta find good medium between being a shitter, and trying too hard to win."
Wonder which ones Franklin?
*Sigh*
How dare that ostrich speak suck ill things about the pious holy mother cow?
"Ah yes, the acronym ""IMHO"", understood by few outside this quirky community"
Yeah because OP's problems all trace back to that one unsuspecting customer.
viva la petit bourgeois!
"Yeah, I can't wait for the day that a game has all its resources in the cloud and I have to be connected online just to play a single player game!"
"No, this is a furry that wants Obama as his dream BF, obviously!"
Until we get 512 tick this game will never be competitive
"Yeah, pirates fit really well in Warlock with all the weapons."
"Every single human being on the planet is morally identical, they may say and act morally different but in truth they're all the same."
"""photoshop"" ""inspect element"""
Probably better than envyus combined.
he's the guy you should totally learn your league manners from
Uy joke lang daw kasi yan kayo naman
"Yeah, she deserves to lose her whole family!"
"Yeah, ""safe space"" websites ALWAYS work"
How shiny like shiny shiny or shiny?\
"because malz passive has enough ""counterplay"""
Good to see those commandos delivering freedom.
"Yes, I am DMG (pre patch)(now SEM) and play like global Volvo fix pls"
Well *I* only read ancient Sumerian epics on the original cuneiform tablets!
too bad he's a lazy uncoachable russian
It's almost makes it sound like the people in these states weren't being properly represented!
i think you forgot this:
"The only time I get to play video games before december will be that weekend, so I'm sooooooooo happy I have to choose between a holiday (temporary) and the brand new xpac."
Standing up for the little Aussie battler.
So Bojack Horseman has been a complete lie?
But it's not sugar it's isomaltulose....
"ha ha, yeah, let's just joke about this and shrug it off as if it doesn't apply to anyone here..."
I want to be a Corporal again
It's that hip hop culture and those saggy pants holding them back.
Yes it is good to let people know what they could learn by simply reading the post
Good thing the US government wants to mothball them...
I forgot this:
"That has to be cleared each time you press anything in the recovery, just to be sure"
"Finally, the response everyone has been waiting for..."
You have to measure from the base
Also he was black
I really love that we're downvoting legitimate questions about current beliefs on this board now.
"We just beat the Spurs, and the Warriors had 4 of 5 close games with Portland, we should sweep them easy."
Spotted the RSS leader
"Yes, I'm sure they'll use parachutes."
"Il sarcasmo, questo sconosciuto"
I'll be watching my gf's parents dog while they are away and my gf works.. EXCITED!
But only women deal with being told to smile by the opposite gender.
But liquid calories don't count!
As a Welsh person (and speaker) I can confirm that is indeed our flag
l2spell american
But clearly everyone knows that it's the worst thing ever.
It's almost as if the entire planet is covered in them
"Yeah, they explains why China have so many non-Chinese"
But dat extra cdr is totally worth it tho
Ecig companies are marketing to dogs
Don't worry the free market will sort this out.
Mb use the staffs
"Weird, I thought everyone in SF was the founder and CEO of their own startup."
Uhm how I be attach my keybaord and mouse on the zero?
You look just like a young Jeff Goldblum
Everybody knows that military members overseas vote overwhelmingly Democrat.
Do it for Mewtwo!
"Don't worry guys, it's just the angle of our perspective"
"Adding onto that, coming from someone consistently posting on r/HALO with remarks about gameplay mechanics, you *sure* don't seem like a gamer, *not at all*."
"How old are you, again?"
"Like these girls wandering in short skirts, asking to be raped..."
People know what's important...
some would say it's the same thing.
Stannis has no humor.
"All refs hate Wislon, didn't you know?"
Canada is like Europe... We have french people too :(
He would say that now that he's winning.
good job lyte
I guess energy companies are just in it for the joy of bringing power to people.
"This is the internet, Mosins have to be better!"
I wonder if i should ask gog to refund me the $1.25 i would have saved by buying it on steam.
Yeah - if that isn't clear evidence that we have a robbery culture I don't know what is!
"Yes, it's a real stretch to imagine the fiscal stance of the federal government matters."
Riven nerf is really necessary she is all over the competitive scene
What a great contribution to this thread.
"Na, that might be to inviting to outsiders, keep it a sterile environment please"
Clearly you just don't understand how Torbjorn works.
No they'd much rather have faried and Lawson
OH MY GODDDDDDDD
"Socialism is when people steal things they don't need from me for no reason, right?"
Who knew facts could be stolen
"There are bigger problems in life, you can have serious health issues from just being tall, also increased likelyhood of STD's *FROM ALL THE PUSS WE DROWN IN YEABOI*"
I don't want to be reminded of the good times.
"Ah, taking records of the most important things."
so gn2 EU
I think there was an implied
"Brilliant refutation, you've clearly dismantled his argument"
Religion saves lives.
Delete your account
Timegate confirmed
Everyone is 100% certain that no sitting President would use his wiretapping powers to guarantee his reelection.
Haven't seen this before
"I'm sad, I expected to see Jar Jar"
Only when they're worn by a woman who won't have sex with you.
Arra shur wasn't it a sign from God above that he didn't want the little tale tellers compensated for ruining the good thing the church was on to.
"There's no lack of trust, everyone is sharing the primary domain admin account..."
Shotstopping isn't one of his strengths anyways to be fair
Certainly more tax cuts and services cuts will ramp up that economy
The NFL will never be a first class league until it can compete with MLS for the nation's top athletes.
Don't you know it's racist to point out the faults of a person of a different race that lead to their death/arrest?
"I thought high power consumption was a staple of the nexus features, how else can google justify needing wireless charging?"
But 3.65GHz x 6 cores = 21.9GHz
Going to sound so good coming out my laptop speakers
"oh yes, because the debates are going to be exactly the same...."
Yeah and that's Libreoffices fault.
Shane is homeless now?
Must be those wealthy republicans not wanting to pay their fair share!
Better win by 4 touchdowns or its still considered lucky and you might drop in the polls
"Hey now, Massachusetts is still a state."
Because football sounds so badass
You will be limited to only being able to control the two fingers you were moving during FILD
man that's a lot of different non-peaceful cultures that adopted it...what a coincidence!
"*""I really want to kill that guy over there because he and his mates killed me in the dz yesterday and now keeps talking shit in proximity chat, but I can't because he won't turn on his PvP flag...""* Yeah, sounds like fun..."
Hungrybox
You can't be free if you are forced to kneel before your master's penis.
Paul you're such a mastermind
You can't prove He didn't....
"Yeah because history is full of examples of how banning something, simply makes that possibility disappear for people who have no care for the law."
He wanted to wait in line to attend a Bernie rally but realized it would take less time just to fly Bernie out to Rome.
This man is a true revolutionary.
"No you see the earth is flat, it's light that travels in a circular path."
Because getting shit you didn't ask for from someone who is impaired and far far away is lhiterally rape!
"Wait, Dunkey isn't black?"
"wow, stole post from bf, doesn't even credit, downvote for you OP"
Kudos for PND for starting this shit
"According to the NSAC he was high from weed, so that explains why he was so tired in round 1."
"Which was why he was coached by Derrick and Cody, right?"
But then you can just perpetuate the debt cycle by not saving anything for you kids and forcing them to take out loans.
Religions are peaceful.
That's the kind of guy I want driving me or my loved ones around!
The government would never do anything bad
But but mah 2nd amendment
You're welcome for your winning records
Hey trucks need shade too.
"Aw, how cute"
"Or even ""grave concern""!"
Which system are you talking about being costly and inefficient?
Wait are you serious?I don't see an
"Yeah really, random events recorded by diferent people and edited together happens like 10 times a day, shits getting old."
"I heard there were like 20,000 of 'em!"
They can't do that!
Ya because we have all heard of the thousands of motorcycle commuters that crash and die every time a metal surfaced bridge gets wet.
no ur fat
That's some excellent trigger discipline
Yeah but load bearing vests are mean and scary looking
Uhhh... yeah... good one
It was Rodgers fault all along!
Weeeell.....
Damn you suck at this game to fall for that glitch
"He's not even on the WWE Power Rankings, I don't even know how we can be talking best of all time."
Roberto Luongo.
Political dissidents are far more dangerous.
Such a troll.
Let's just switch the terms to Endemic-Americans and Invasive-Americans!
"Yeah, being homeless has its perks some days"
"Well thats cause everyone on r/Canafa knows that Con senators and MP's are lying shitbags from hell But a Liberal MP or senator, thats truth you can take straight to the bank."
"100% hogs, 4 lightning strikes on their CC troops and just hope you don't hit their big bombs."
"NSA spying, tons of sense."
This is clearly racist!
LS swap.
But they just want to have fun!
I bet this girl is super fun and interesting to hang out with
You know how I know you're gay?
Lotus Notes!
TIL a hat with a flat top and a wide brim = a rabbi hat
But what is the point of owning a computer if I can't put filters on my photos and upload them to Instagram and Facebook?
Man this gender equality stuff is broken.
Especially them blacks.
but...but...but... MEGATEXTURES!
Not in the new rework
its not a slayer update so no one cares.
How brave of the local democrats for taking this stand for justice
"Oh, well if you haven't seen it, then it must not ever happen."
"So, TotalBiscuit screwed us all by purchasing every hero, skin, and mount..."
"Yeah spend $300 for a new console and $32 for the game, fuckin steal!"
It's a good thing that communities all over the place are starting to ban the use of e-cigs with the same restrictions as cigarettes.
"Elite barbs are OP, tornado user is not dumb."
Yea the one in the Anonymous mask.
I might need to get a small loan for that.
That's a lot of trouble to get yourself kicked out of heaven
Anti global warming propaganda?
I think you dropped your
"I'm sure it was close to the demographic makeup of the Jackson, which is practically 80% black."
Filthy pressers.
"Yeah, but he didn't spin it the right way."
Yeah hopefully you'll get the 5$ you would have made from ad revenue.
It's a real mystery.
"Because JFK was the most perfect human being to ever live, duh."
OMG ADMIN ABUSE
"So, lizardkicker, did you thank your mother lately for your taste in wallpaper?"
What's an amendment?
You should add the
B-But one dollar though
How Shocking
"Well, at least there weren't any terrorist attacks on US soil while he was president!"
you forgot the
"They should get rid of pads, flipping around in the air is dangerous anyway"
None because all the crime is caused by immigrants
Oh really?
"The best teamwork is ganging up on someone and yelling at them from across a room, of course."
Because a video from LinusTechTips showing off some tech be it consumer grade or enterprise grade directly impacts the SysAdmin community.....
"Yes, because more violence is always the answer."
But then she's a gold-digging whore.
"it's everything under 20%, so thank God my wine nights are saved!"
if it ain't broke why fix it
Methinks you haven't had the pleasure of systemd.
"nah, 8K CAD"
It is also a good thing that Brazil is not known for its rampant mosquito problems!
IT'S ALMOST LIKE HE'S A NORMAL PERSON!
"It's 2016, don't you know that you can't do more than 2 way SLI on Pascal?"
Burning Hammer.
"Yeah, but gears!"
"Saintly people like Hillary and Obama have never allowed such foul words and thoughts to pass their virtuous lips, I'm sure."
Right because the NSA functions on pettiness
"yes, because Goku hasn't ever cheated death or returned from the grave."
Ravens
"You either pay the ticket to leave, or you can take odds on a roulette wheel."
reddit says it's a bad place so liking it is the ultimate sin
"I don't know about you, but I charge my breeches whenever one of those explodes near me."
Oh I forgot this
The what now?
Should have been using OneNote for that purpose anyway!
Should have used a hammer.
"Yes, but they're not the same type of christian that he is, therefore they are not christian... Duh."
"On another, completely separate note, the California legislature today announced it will pass a bill to collect a new ""Nestle Tax"" which will be funnelled directly from citizens paycheques to the company's bank account."
The sad state of r/india where people claim to be well read and still struggle to catch simple sarcasm.
Because expressing one's thoughts and views is the epitome of an echochamber.
Nice to see they are keeping us informed about the upcoming TU
But...but...people who carry guns are dangerous!
We must stop the horrors of free trade and international economic cooperation!
"Guys, I think we can ask agree that Lugano is the most convenient location."
Kill yourself.
Classy!
"Yeah, fuck that kid for liking Cena, amirtie?"
"Then why didn't they push Titanic away from iceberg, smartass?"
it's 50/50 either u get it or u don't
I guess I should have included a
yeah life was so much better when there was a telecoms monopoly and you had to wait 3 weeks for BT to install a new telephone line in your house.
I thought we only had Pakistanis lurking here.
We should trade Lundqvist for him.
Portland joining the ranks of viral police brutality videos is just what we need to keep people from moving in
"Wait, wait, stop the presses, a driver in a large SUV is driving like an a-hole who owns the road?"
Ban all outsiders from our competitions because they are too good!
"Oh yes, of course, how silly of me to forget."
How wonderfully progressive and tolerant of them.
Because we all know they don't try to piss any of us off on purpose.
It's not The Coalition's fault that you play with a NES controller.
"Can't complaint though, because it's the *affordable* healthcare plan :-D"
"He's white, he's obviously to blame for everything man"
But... chewing gum... Hitler!
John Howard and George Bush were on the right track...we should've allowed them to complete whatever they wanted to do.
Was it any good?
Well Obummer wasn't born in 'Murica so close enough.
I want to hear Matt get crushed if Craig disses bond.
"das schreibt man neuerdings ""Gulack"""
Surely you wood leki teh mane Surely
Personally I think the Red Sox should cut David Price after his horrid performance yesterday
If you want to be just like him the first thing you need to do is take me to the final five.
yes ladies and gentlemen
Pewdiepie
did you just assume my gender?
Maybe that one guy was AFK?
"Yeah, that's probably what's on the screen"
"Yeah, because people see that happen everyday."
"Hose it off, spray it down with some WD-40, replace the batteries, good as new!"
You mean he didn't plan ben-ghazi?
but it HELPS DEPORT THE ILLEGAL ALIENS
#FAVORS SANDERS
You forgot your
"I tip my fedora to you, for you have much greater class than is simple plebs."
No not at all
Why are these even relavent?
"Yeah, you won't get a post hoc rationalization from them..."
"""there is no way humans can influence the climate!!"""
but is the stream in canada?
Forgot your
Hookers
No it's expensive so that means it doesn't work as good
"No way brah, they fixed the rubber banding in this patch just like the Mac framerate problems!"
F-150 /thread
Capitalism is the BEST at resource management!
Stop being lazy and use the stairs!
London has fallen
"Basically means that if the project was called Nighthawk instead, then it would have fared better."
if only we had weakened encryption and created state sponsored backdoors this wouldn't have happened
"I saw him in Lousiville, KY (I live in Lexington) and now I'm thinking about moving."
yeah but who wants to go to harbor freight every week when their tools break?
"Sorry, according to r/audiophile hans zimmer is a pop artist masquerading as a composer so you won't find any of his material in anything other than 128kb mp3 recorded with some string and a tin can."
Good thing reaffirming Redditors are a homogenic mass.
"Please, now that Joe Oliver is back, someone has the monitor the secret conservative underground bunker and keep it ready for when a leftish party gets elected and the apocalypse starts."
I'll have you know that I've seen two Lions wins in my life
Black lives matter not all lives matter u bigot
It was
Well that explains why everyone is so mad that Japan and Europe are missing color variants of one of the most common amiibo.
But everyone *knows* minorities aren't treated like second class citizens!
You obviously missed the
Oh yes that explains why people are developing altcoins.
Clickbaity title needs a
They should just shut up and accept extra judicial killings because Bibi said they're inciters.
Is she sure she still wants it?
Good thing you blurred out that kid otherwise I'd know who he is and *who knows what I'd do*!
I don't see anything out of the ordinary for this subreddit
I think he's waiting on us to do something........must be a psy frame deck
it's a wonder you're bipolar.
And we all know Hollywood is all about realism
"I noticed that you didn't pay for the oxygen either, you cheap bastard!"
"Eek barba Durkle, somebody's going to get laid in college."
How can this be in a country the regularly tops the list for education standards?
Grow up!
You forgot the
You should play comp.
Variance is the only reason i ever lose a game
The officers actions were clearly defensive in nature and completely within department protocol.
But they can't because of their conditions
What about the rest of it?
You're everywhere on this thread!
It's a good thing the ec are such an ethical bunch of guys.
When you put it like that... Throw in some fart jokes from 50 year old and I'm in
"Hey now, Enhanced Medica and Quick Stoneskin are *fantastic*."
Disagreement with the norm = homophobia.
It's those left wing institutions that are putting out misleading data and statistics for liberals to use as ammo.
Tony Abbott did it.
Sword Art Online Fairy Arc
TIL black people don't blush.
Get an Intel chip
"Official merch quote; ""FEEL THE BERN"""
Looks like Big Government wasteful spending to me
"I do believe in Zombies, I do, it's true.."
I couldn't in time
"Yeah, working towards peace is such a carebear goal, how shitty"
Maybe college football is rigged and they're hinting at the drama that WILL come later!
How many times?
"Jokes on you, people hack their friends' Facebook all the time!"
well as long as Kevan Miller is in the lineup i don't think it matters who is out there because he'll just shut everyone down
This decision has nothing to do with big Oil being based in Texas.
"DUNT FOCUS ON 1 CHACRTER, HAV 2 SHAR SPOTLITE ON 3"
You mean yuge?
Because the tax break _completely_ balances all of the expenses of _raising_ those children!
"Sleak as hell, huh?"
Well have you tried bars?
Obviously every intellectual on Reddit with an engineering degree.
"but it was gays who said it tho, surely that counts for something?"
"Cause HTC invented the number ""One"" right?"
Nope totally not a joke at all...
DWS acted alone.
Wow!
He actually was like the mask and had all the store employees doing a dance when the cops arrived.
Gotta harness the power of positive ions to repel the negative ones
"As of this moment, this was posted 3 hours ago and has hardly any comments and yet it's on the front page... seems legit."
"Make 'em crawl to you on their knees, Bernie!"
Freddie Adu
"Jokes on you, it's actually a Taking Back Sunday reference"
They don't even try with these easter eggs anymore.
Tell my woman to make it...
"Yeah, there's no way these guys play hungover... Just imagine how Killa performs at all these events"
Almost as if it was done for the picture!
Robidas Island has a new resident.
"If there's anything pubs taught me, is that Undying is a great offlaner."
Bodyshot spam is hard :(
ANTI-GOVERNMENT!
Turn it into a cafe racer!
Clearly those signs were a threat to national security!
Needs more lens flare
I can't believe this comment is so low either.
"Yeah, how dare this non-american not know anything about a place he's never been!"
sorry forgot to include the
Save short sands!
16% of the country should be deported
Lol
Crezi?
Excellent legal analysis.
"I, for one, completely trust the anonymous faceless nameless source in this story completely!"
Athene
Isn't that the crash site of [the helicopter you knock down during The Paleto Score?]
bet it'd be sunny &amp; 75 outside right now if George W was still in office; thanks obama
I just hope people don't become upset with muslims over this or this thing could be a tragedy.
Xhaka you traitor!
Well of course *broads* disapprove of Trump.
cops doing unlawful things what a surprise.
I heard that kony doesn't approve of digix either
Well ofcourse you store all your word files on onedrive so everything is still there!
Hahahahahahahahaha
They're white and Christian so.. ya know :^)
Git gud I never miss CS I farm all 3 lanes and both jungles if you can't do this you shouldn't be playing meepo GG noob meepo
What cell tower?
Your appeal to ridicule has served to invalidate everything buzzwell posted.
So this obviously means he's in two walking boots now..... never trust coaches.....
You can't even brute force them into looking useful
I'm still upset how Obama handled hurricane Katrina.
If it's unreal then stop photo shopping pictures on reddit you asshat!
OP must be feeling so stupid right now...
This post is problematic.
Good thing Psyonix hand selects certain wheels to be painted grey... Because i just couldnt live without painted grey wheels...
"nope, they only protect criminals..."
Seems you left off 2013/2010 Auburn
"Also FIVE TIME Finals Champion Derek ""THE GOAT"" Fisher"
"Ya, the democrats, by contrast, don't act anything like that."
Onlyusemeusername is ugly
Pan's Labyrinth was so bad right?
Clearly you didn't read the sign because I now know that all REAL Muslims are terrorists.
"Andersson is the biggest, dirtiest goon in the league, taking the crown from Justin Abdelkader."
yay hurray for only being able to sprint for a minute or two!
That's exactly how I answer my phone!
addiction aint real lululululul
"If these are 1080 benchmarks, where are the 4k benchmarks?"
You forgot
"No, they just need to go out, because fat women aren't women."
Greenwood here... I think I could make the drive though.
Bradley Nowell &amp; Peter Tosh.
If turkey identifies as a golden retriever does it get to be a therapy animal?
you forgot your
"Please, you mean Mexicans..."
"Hmm who deserves to win more, a person who was in multi fighting people and actually surviving or a guy who just stands in 1 tile in the middle of nowhere chomping food... Yea woox totally deserves 10k"
Yeah because VR games are all demos and we shouldn't have to pay full price.
"Robots ain't takin our jobs, but them damn H1B's are!"
Too sharp to be real life since we see life in 720p and 30 Fps.
But it's ok if you're on the left and when democracy is oppressive.
"Nah man was just joking you see that camera over there, was just a small prank"
"Oh, TIL ""Putin"" is Russian for ""No one""....."
working a full day wow PogChamp
"Hmm, and I thought only centers and pfs (or basically anyone who shoots 25% or less) were allowed to shoot 3's in brad's system"
thats work really well on allepo
Aw that sucks :(
Which ACLs?
Cavs should've worn their dark blue unis
From NYC to Noblesville...great idea
But an officer of the law would never do that!
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants Thomas Jefferson its your right to shoot at the government forces that are killing its own people
I welcome the day where we stop thinking critically about the content contained inside of articles to determine the legitimacy of the arguments being forwarded.
So many people without a clue about hockey find their way to R/HOCKEY after all....
Only if it was directed by Uwe Boll
Meanwhile Graves and Lucian are garbage tier for the same reason
Linux users like myself being smarter and more attractive than Windows users makes us in no way more elitist!
"For negative karma, got like -30 down lower /can't imagine any of them bringing any of that sweet sweet karma"
"Yes for not wanting a girl who wants 3 dicks at once, what a dummy"
Fucking fascist slaves
Such a compassionate god...
I don't know what you're talking about Flash is 10/10 and can do no wrong.
"Remember me to let my 6 year old child to choose our dinner next time, hell I'd love to eat ice cream for the rest of my life!"
Because the hours I spend in traffic is my favorite part of the day
But Tristam &amp; Braken is one person
Just become a cop.
"Yeah guys, he is only human!"
"*Oh it's just a phase, you'll come around I'm sure*"
"I mean, if he beats his hookers viciously then duh, he's gonna crack down on prostitution"
DRAIN THE SWAMP
AO SHIN CONFIRMED?
Still more NPCs than Watch Dogs.
"nobody tell Blizzard about that one 10 year old, had be illegal for him to play the game!"
"Nice OC art, did you make this yourself?"
"Curious, how does one get bored in warframe?"
We don't need education we have guns.
There should be a comma between 'Fun' and 'too' you incompetent fuckass.
you dropped your
So glad he related it to farts... makes so much sense now.
But it makes you look so important.
You might get more sleep if you stopped doing heroin
Now everyone will ask you if it's an 'iWatch'
"So it didn't work the last two times, must be because it was too small."
"Sorry I forgot I was taking to a bouncer, shouldve added the"
"They like money, what if we bait them with reddit gold for every reply, huh?"
What could go wrong?
The music really fits.
Modern art is bad because it makes me have to consider subtle themes about myself and society instead of being a pretty picture.
Well that really frames the debate in a way that will encourage civil and critical thinking.
"It's Bengaluru, you filthy Northie fuck!"
LAME fallout 3 had over 200 endings not buying this trash
"But wait, isn't that communism?"
There's always 9gag!
I'm retiring take over my spot as Megumi's number 1 fan goodbye
"There idiots, and your wrong?"
Origins time to shine!
"Which is why they admitted it was a huge mistake, apologized, compensated those who got hurt and launched a thorough investigation to ensure it never happens again."
That's only 1 dollar short of a billion.
Clearly someone will spend the thousands of dollars to permanently fill the blocks to 8mb the day its released.
You forgot the
I guess socialized medicine isn't a panacea after all.
"Yeah, being humane and obeying the law is for pussies."
Good thing like butter is though!
"Ha, John Cena actually winning a match is much more likely"
Hurrah for stealing.
Lucario is a mewtwo clone though and they have the same attacks
"He was black for like, the whole movie!"
This is the very reason every individual over the age of 6 need to have a concealed weapons permit!
That looks NOTHING like Peter Dinklage!
"Facts get in the way of winning arguments, and winning is all that matters."
*Con AD se vive mejor*
"I could have a beer with Key, so I trust him."
just like china where you can choose to either vote for the party or not.
Twin blast gets root on his grenade and his ult attack speed increased by 50.
It helps you bulk up.
Came here to say this.
"It's a free country, they can do what they want!"
Because your just an elitist that's wants to be carried by other players at your own gear level
It will trickle down any moment now
"Absolutely, I loved how it tasted like shampoo after sitting in the sun all day."
"Here, you dropped this:"
They buy their bacon from the store to ensure no animals where harmed.
Oh but they're a welcoming friendly place where no one is ever ever mean to anyone
You're so creative
But I thought cool meant 'here's a picture of my family that's more than 20 years old'?
"But no, it's the *Israelis* that don't want peace."
This seems like a good personnel decision for a 11-0 team
Obviously it is your fault for not writing your relationship status on LinkedIN
"Yeah, but he was *'bout dat action baws*."
"No way, man....they're totally telling us what to care"
I think that's insurance fraud
What an original question.
Clearly they were weighted coins provided by the big banks
LSU BAD INFLUENCE
"It got me thinking that, maybe, some of the people who love pair programming so much cannot really code and are just hiding behind someone else work."
But #notallchristians right?
Kyle's gonna be the new mountain
"Personally, I swear by clown pants!"
Le ebin linux master race amirite?
"Hey man, I am allowed to have my opinion that we should kill violent prisoners and hobos, along with force under 25's into under paid work without rights."
Sounds like the offer of the century
How nice of our reptilian overlords to be willing to do even the most insignificant jobs passing as field reporters of local news; I like these guys.
Its for photosynthesis
Where was this taken?
"""I present the best friend of the year."""
"Yes, it's definitely not possible that people could have trauma related to miscarrying or anything"
"Yeah, but why do people like him?"
But... but.. Reddit keeps saying 'Slippery Slope' is bullshit
So clearly you've had gene therapy otherwise that would be impossible
"Seriously, how is that not obvious at this point?"
Globalism is only good when America runs the world
"Maybe CSKA wanted to not play their main defender Fernandez on the next matchday against second-placed Lokomotiv, so he got a red card on purpose."
I always knew that god was on our side
Reddit: we did it!
You dropped this
3/10 didnt use real fire.
if (option.unlockedfps == true) { framerate.unlocked = true; } else { framerate.unlocked = false; } //
Oh no.
This was a pcmasterrace joke... from 4 months ago.
Mild autumns and winters might be nice when compared to inhospitable summers.
"Everything's good over in Arena, guys!"
"Yes, I think the person who wrote this was in the wrong section."
Man buns.
Well maybe that's what he's planning to spend all the donated money for
"It's a good thing marijuana is legal and cures everything, including getting hit by a drunk driver which is unpredictable and never happens to anyone ever."
I think you dropped your
I probably should have added a
I was actually outside his window.
Whoops you dropped this:
Because solder would hold it strongly....
Unless they are black...then you would just be racist.
"Can't relate, don't have weird bug friends"
"Umm exorcism of Emily Rose, duuhh"
"Perfectly normal, perfectly healthy, all cultures are the same and beautiful, we cannot judge..."
"Cause she's female, duh!"
you mean NBA Champion Adam Morrison?
Denny low-key tried to hurry the NASCAR season up by getting the races over faster..
Yeah
Ha it's funny cause I know a glitch to crash the game and make $9999999 in copper or gold hahaha
#Power2the #Players :))
Your freedom of speech ends where my ears begin!
I dont think lin could handle the ny spotlight..
But i mean i thought Arod was going to break every home run record ever!
"[I was super happy in Sky when they revealed that all the future Pokemon were still alive, it was just a great feeling]"
Oh you don't see in all media how people are just always raving about gold poop.
Or we can just go with the Colin Cowherd and be grown ups and not wear jerseys...
Ah yes... The good old days
If this fucking privileged French woman choose not to assimilate while living in a Muslim country than what did she expect?
I think he wants you to use hot sauce as lubricant...
I know; what a threat.
"Yes, because companies view self-taught applicants in such a good light."
No I think Ted Nolan definitely fucked Hasek's wife and that's why he wasn't offered a better contract
Because presences make the game too hard
Monthly gifs are much more effective.
"Yeah, because it only costs $50 to move all your stuff, and Greyhound makes it easy move any furniture, family, and other items."
I think you forgot the
What a hipster!
"Pffffffft, dude can't even field a punt."
"Voting disabled, and ""comments will be with held for approval by the video owner"" Always the sign of an open-minded teller of the truth..."
Thrall?
"Can't wait for Genesis to set the precedent of this being legal Or Gravy wins Grand Finals from Winner's without dropping a single game by using pivot uptilts and inhuman SDI, and it gets banned"
and where is the difference?
We could rob Bill Gates and Oprah.
I will swat *your* twat if you don't get real with me!
Because economics has nothing to do with currencies......
Defender shouldn't give Marcelo the chance to dive...
"yeah but it only counts when ur from multiple countries if ur form eu, other wise ur region suck and can't make a good team."
Lolz but they have halo helmets so = reboot
wow so much effort!
So it is basically a free dread?
Oh good adjectives as verbs for completely original and humorous effect again.
Personal freedom and balanced budgets are surely ideas of little minds!
Maybe they weren't working hard enough
"Thanks, I had no idea what Sputnik was."
C'mon it worked well in Bolivia
Are you the kind that would get offended by the fact that I'm childish and have no self-control?
"Unlike the US, China allows their religious and political minorities(Falun Gong, Tibetan monks, Uighrs, and pro-democracy students) to freely voice their concerns and denounce the injustice the occasionally suffer!"
THESE CREEP SHOTS ARE DESTROYING THE INTEGRITY OF REDDIT.
Because no AR-15 was ever raffled off before the Newtown murders
Hur der but Myles Garret Hur dur we Browns'd the first pick Hur dur this victory means nothing Hur dur
Super srs you guise.
HE DROPPED IT ON PURPOSE
"See, big government getting in the way of the free market !"
idk man knee could've been down
"Well our best player is a former Duke player, so we're basically Duke now"
Jesus
"Ugh, but ITIL just slows everything down!"
"TH7, all drags 3 lightning"
This will give the studio more credibility in the event of whitewashing accusations
haha ur funny
As far as we know* the Amish may be amassing an army.
How dare he use her publicly made statements as evidence!
Literally worse than Hitler.
Are you sure you're not talking about his down-taunt?
"That's why they call it a breast bone, duh"
"Tim Burgess and Seattle City government: Well, that's the gun's fault and that's why we need to ban all firearms."
Because he is an *artiste*.
"You just wait, he's going to turn Kap into the best QB the NFL has ever seen!"
"Reuters is the reliable source here, WHO should review their claims."
It's okay they can then change assassination into cowboy or bounty hunter
That's the new TeamRed^^TM Coolant from glorious AMD you unenlightened shill
"Only le 90s kids would get it, clearly you're le not one of us"
cream soda is too creamy.
Why would a student pay their loans?
"Yes you're always disappointing, this post is no exception"
"Of course, how could Neymar possibly score with Messi and Suarez stealing all his goals."
what a copout no batteries pfft OVERPRICED
"Oh right, forgot that the Simpsons ended at season 9 or maybe 10"
"ehh, he was alright"
"Ive given up on guitar a decade ago, please teach me theory so I can feel good about myself."
Probably forgot the
3 Redditors don't floss... Consensus met.. no need to floss again
To be fair it's your own fault for needing customer service.
"If only there were more actual hate crimes, then all these oppressed minorities wouldn't have to keep faking them."
The secret to not getting into the playoffs?
"Now those were the good old days, it's been downhill ever since."
"oh my god, dude you can't just ask who's african"
That emote totally doesn't fit her personality and the play of the game only focuses on the neck down.
They will instantly hate Jesus.
At least it was diverse
"Oh damn, you forgot the"
Body police lol Thats a good one but you forgot the
I feel the same way about The Leaning Tower Of Pisa.
But their website says restaurants can't pay to help out their reviews!
This is tyranny in it's purest form
"Sounds interesting, can I get a link?"
"Man, it must be really unnerving knowing that your skin color alone can get you beat up or killed regardless of wrongdoing...I wonder of there is anyone out there that can relate to your predicament..."
"As a proud reader of the Denver Guardian, I agree!"
Raptors because I live in Toronto.
Source?
Oh those guys are just exercising their right to Free Speech!
Yeah because the shortest ferry ride in the world is just still way too long of a ride
You sound like you have a solid grasp of veganism.
DAE think this game sucks XD
"Nope, not out, didn't pitch inline with the stumps, or outside off."
"yeah, rising cancer rates have *nothing* to do with an aging population due to the 1 child policy."
Oklahoma State
"Can you post a picture of yourself with your pet wallaby, thanks."
"Yes, because those are the only two hallmarks of experiencing trauma."
It's not creeping if you're recruiting.
no you're bad and you should feel bad
"What about a sign with ""Rush B Cyka Blyat""?"
Yeah that outsourced Indian tech support always does wonders for me when I have issues.
"Gender isn't something you were born with, it's something you were assigned, by a mystical gender fairyyyyy"
"Yeah, they just so happened to make toys of their characters that look completely different in design to their current ones without some kind of purpose, then several years later they make animatronics based off of those designs."
"All it takes is 1 tweet saying that their neighbors wife, who is a stewardess at Qatar airlines overheard a friend of the nephew of the oil minister say that he might consider a freeze and WTI jumps to $34 and UWTI to $1.80."
you forgot the
That we're disgusting Islamophobes that clearly haven't flagellated ourselves enough ofcourse.
Who would've guessed that a chemist would know how to fix a computer!
China is using this phone to spy all over the world!
HOW WEIRD IS IT THAT ONE MAMMAL DRINKS ANOTHER ONE'S MILK?
You should post this on r/psychology.
World news.
because that person clearly represents all Christians everywhere
"Defence of **THE** Ancients That ""the"" sure needs a capital letter"
You wanted Bitcoin TV ads...
Your fault for not killing him noob
"You're hurting your team by not doing all you can to win, bro."
"no no, your rape scenario is actually hilarious because it's a man getting raped"
Wow this has never been posted here before
How does he not have a girlfriend already when he just oozes charm and class?
Another white man losing his job in Obummer's economy
Good parenting
How dare anyone spout political opinions in a public forum.
But weed's not addictive?
As long as their opinion isn't hate speech
You're just a dirty SJW.
But he's the real black swordsman
Well I did smoke a fuckload of weed at 5 years old
Wait what's wrong with that?
Marcoses and the Martial law victims
Some might even call you guys *Jokers*
"Yeah, it's nowhere *near* as good as Final Frontier, Generations, Insurrection, or Nemesis."
"Oh shit you're right I just realized not a single news site reported this, it was only reddit."
"No, that's right: black + white = Turk"
"Dude, Kenyan prince, not Nigerian!"
"nooo, jasper pulling her out of the sky was an act of love"
can't tell if
But Trump has bots on twitter so it's all good.
"Yup, because giving everyone a 5m ship that can melt a 130m ship in 30 seconds is ""a positive move""."
Sorry
Trump will save us
"you can keep your income tax, i prefer regressive tax scaling."
Clearly people who were found to have religious books in their homes when they were searched were shoving it down the throats of others.
So he's saying Drake is soft.
fucbois taric and ezreal
thank god they don't allow the funding of truth
"Finally, someone on this thread making some sense."
"Dangit, I dont need more competition for jobs on the ice!"
or bleach
"Funny obama , thanks for syria"
"Hint: Male college culture tends to be extremely acceptive of men admitting to being rape, so all statistics based on self reporting must be completely accurate."
meh u sound dumb gooday sir
"Yes, very motivational."
Yeah the Tony Abbott government was great at budgeting
Switch teammates in front of laser traps of course!
Word .
Totally realistic
No he was just vaccinated.
youll love my home staircase then
UV Sriracha
Drink Heavy Water.
Well I know *I'm* just delightful 24/7.
If only flamesword was there to tell them the time
"Assuming that all Balkan citizens think it's morally normal to try to kill football players because of a faul, classy."
But have a dialogue with Trump voters to understand them.
Completely blue area.. Georgia.. got it.
"""But that's world pvp"""
"Yeah, that sounds like something more appropriate for the NFI list."
"We have a generation of kids who *watch other people play games* like football and basketball, like what the fuck is happening to society?"
"ya, but are cows better than moose?"
Nah they'll just defer every contract until 2050
Yeah what have the unions ever done for us!...
How about the Romo guy?
"Little do you sheeple know, we're actually being opressed by aliens."
because live css demos get all screwed up on different browsers
but sanders is giving me _free stuff_
You can refund the money your MIL and her parents paid for your diploma then....
They could be teaching by example...
Do things always go backwards when Democrats are around?
"I understand, but did you hear about the Armenian genocide?"
Because no religion solves all the world's problems.
"Mmmmm natural, just like Hemlock and nightshade"
Should've gotten a 390
Japan is totally the only Asian country right?
Not bothered as we are the best team
mods are ruining reddit
No comment section there......shocker
C:/me/jre-7-windows-i586.exe
Im really looking forward to Tier IV with solid shots incoming!
He smokes weed which is the best medication for mental issues
"Yeh, I'll hold my breath waiting for corporations to do what is in best interest of the US."
He's definitely going to lose now
"If you can walk and breath without assistance, you are not obese"
I'm a vegetarian because animals don't deserve to die.
"It won't help, that body is all because of genetics"
Forgot a
"Thanks man, took a long time and crazy stressful to put it together but look at us now!"
"But now it is all Russian grown food, the best food"
They're just as bad as mangapanda now
"That's fake, the earth is 6000 years old, liberal propaganda."
Ah yes - a 23 year old goes drag racing... major off the field issues...
Capitalism is so efficient!
until you die
It's either an excuse for losing or bragging rights for winning
"Ok sure, I am definitely going to believe you even though it directly contradicts what Valve said themselves."
U filthy plebs
"Yeah, i would have covered her face too."
No you're the only one to experience this issue ever.
"You're lucky you didn't cause another crash with that electronic device (cell phone camera) being used below 10,000 feet."
Yea but there no American flags
A 20kg axe.
Ya reddit is one of the most pro-USA websites out there.
"AWD is better than winter tiers, amirite?"
"You don't have the time and patience, damn it Niantic fix this game..."
"I've never, ever, ever, seen a 2.0 shipping delay."
"What are you talking about, we've got until 2030 to win a championship."
"Well that would be a sin in the eyes of his lord, and he would be forced to act on his conscious to do the right thing as a man of god."
"Yes, they should exclude anyone not mixed-race from every beauty pageant because there aren't lots of ethnically 100% homogeneous countries..."
"You're right, but I'm going to downvote you because your comment makes me feel bad for being wrong."
you forgot the
"naw bro, you're not just intelligent enough if you can't make up your own explanations."
"I mean, an older 172 or a Cherokee wouldn't cost that much."
Yes but can we see the statistics for the white congressmen?
"But, but don't you know that gold glitter makes everything better!"
TJ was clearly a socialist.
idk....Mikey is doing a really good job so far
"No you don't understand, companies aren't allowed to shift focus if it means it's more profitable."
"nevermind ONE, Murata has competition!"
Sandy was Walpurgisnacht....think about it.. ;p
"Sorry Yew, we are going to have to remove your comment as it is a duplicate."
"To be fair, hematite isn't a jewel, its an ore of iron"
"Clearly, Bush is to blame here."
"Duh, Muslims."
instructions unclear still have kush in butt
I too keep wearing my jacket if I feel overheated.
"I mean, she just rubs it in Americas face with that short hair."
Isn't it just a flawless system?
But anime is for kids!
The food is probably poisoned
probably SUPER mature and elitist now that's he's basically an adult
"Cop's standing there like ""Hmm wonder why this thin guy is making odd eye contact, trembling, and keeps getting closer to me...seems legit"""
"See, you could be rich by now!"
Because his parents are clock bomb builders too and he would just speak code to them to let them know he's been caught so they have to take execute the plan without him!
very original
Massage your prostate too while you're at it
You mean Merkel isn't literally the new Hitler?
"Nah, she just knows when to bite her tongue."
"But don't worry, republicans defund regulatory bodies cause they hurt the bottom line."
"Because driving a car is a right protected by the constitution in the bill of rights, obviously..."
"So many protestors, so much annual leave used up."
Damn socialists!
Gosh it's classmate you fucking moron.
ROFL
Do they eat it or just blend it?
Yeah stupid kids sophicating to death as the Chlorine gas liquifies their lungs!
"Stop thinking logically just agree with his ""fuck Real"" mentality"
Well even if all the PC games were 50% cheaper you could buy all the games available for the PS4 and still would not have saved enough for a 1080
It's all about those mad windmill gains!
AND THAT WOULD BE SUCH A BAD THING AMIRITE?
I'm am shocked
"Because Dave Chapelle, the comedian, has majored in psychology and children behavior, so he is worthy source of reference."
"O yea, cause you know the people that model the spraypaint are the EXACT same people who are tasked with fixing combat logging.."
So sick of these bandwagon Spurriors fans!
Yeah I totally forgot hotdogs are a Chilean food.
Oilers robbed the Pens.
"Wow, Sombra's so OP."
"At least it's only ""bits and pieces"" the usual post has white culture being entirely stolen so I consider this progress."
"...... Have a cookie, NO ONE ELSE HAS DONE THAT!"
dae prefer metal and queen/the beatles
This truly must be the solution to the steady decline in membership of the Norwegian Union Conference.
IMO ACU is better :)
Experimental art always eventually filters down to popular culture.
your misogyny sickens me.
That catch against Dallas was a fluke
Something something Social Justice Wasps.
Clearly your statement of clear opinion is more erroneous than Linton58's statement of fact and should be downvoted into oblivion.
"All great advice, and based in reality."
"NOW THAT, IS HELLWORTHY!"
Nice original post!
People know better about he believes than him.
Clearly still a better archer than Rebecca
"Okay we all now this is bull, Satan's minion does not smile, he merely stretches his face."
I thought vanilla was the wonderland of wow when everything was perfect...
This thread is constructive.
"And with an all-star like this guy on the stand, what jury wouldn't rule not guilty?"
"And if nothing works, switch off your system and then switch it on."
It's moving too fast to get a good shot off with a rpg
"Yeah, because Druid has always been the OP tier class"
wow does that work?
Worked for Starcraft.
I saw the trailer and that's literally her entire character for the whole the movie.
"Yeah, but what about that time Trump held our flag^^upside-down?"
"Well, Tom Clancy games are based heavily off of realism depicted by Tom Clancy's novels, so I'm going to go with an absolutely."
"No, because faith."
"Which totally works in the age of the internet and long, digital memory"
"Thanks, I didn't get that at all"
Lol OP i can keep your credit card info save just in case :)
I blame rap music.
"Yeah, it's pretty common."
But Obama said there is no such thing as election fraud in the USA
"Well duh, The Super Bowl is obviously American Propaganda to distract the masses while the evil lizard Jews take over the world."
"Yeah, I go around and ask if girls are horny..."
This is why we gotta keep the framerate cinematic
The Science is in.
"You mean there's several dark knights that aren't *quite* as dark as Batman, but... y'know, close?"
Hopefully you meant to add
"he's in college, YOLO."
"Well, now that you point out that it would give us a world without Donald, maybe ....."
Because she totally tried to get away with this by mentioning she was a woman
"One of the ""good ones"" amirite?"
Buddy was totally resisting!
Source?
you forgot to add
You fucking freak!
I hate it when people take the Bible out of context.
You're just close-minded.
Because everything in the world needs to fit an internet meme.
"OP said assholes, not racists."
Looks like someone went up with their instructor to practice holds for their instrument rating.
"Girls don't like nice guys, good thing he's edgy as a 12 year old now."
Doesn't it just suck when people empathize with your cause?
Somebody doesn't like having valuable conversations^tm.
well if your not doing anything wrong ......
"And many of you are *wrong*, sir!"
"Yea, there's no bad animals"
I cant believe Steen beat Claudio lat week on Raw.
"Yeah right, because the fans love Minus Miltia for the 3 hardcore tracks they've made."
So you don't play Brawlhalla on ultra in VR mode?
"I was only joking haha, should have a put a"
CLEARLY it's because the moon landing was faked and done on a soundstage.
What if morg city is an island in the bay and that's why you see Nero and I cards flying over soe
"Silly Semper-Fido, don't you know college sports didn't actually start until the 80s?"
"We're gonna get Tim Kain, he's the real puppet master."
Great-blue Heron (white morph)
"Yes, but we are the only ones ever to set foot on that star, so 'MURICA FUCK YEAH."
"Wait, can they turn into something else?"
Killed Muslim = right wing
Plot twist: all money is gone.
"Typical jingoist Ad Hominem strawman American, trying to defend himself with WORDS!"
"Must not be, since it's not the Democrats doing it."
I'm sure the challenges to printing text this small with this technique are absolutely trivial.
"Yeah I'm totally going to commute in my 911, cayman, or boxster."
"That's the territory of server boards, with 128GB+ of ECC RAM and Xeons"
You get a Fervor stack for snowballing
But he's a TE
As an American I can't understand how you could possibly feel safe or secure without everyone bearing arms.
but it was her turn you racist
Maybe if you'd done the work today instead of posting on Reddit...
"Yeah, but what motor is that?"
We've been doing it since 1971!
"Yeah, they are doing it by *choice*."
Maybe the green scissors just need to try to be more blue
I say we make a bid after this is all done and dusted
"""But he just names post offices!"""
because it's fantasy?
"Because pop artists can't be meaningful, don't be silly."
Because it's not like humans went thousands of years without a cell phone signal or anything
"Who are you, Socrates?"
"If Zoe Saldana can play multiple colors of space alien, I don't see why Emma Stone can't play multiple colors of not space alien"
"Yeah, if it was in 60 fps your eyes would violently explode."
No no no.. it's *liberals* which is what's wrong with America.
"It's not, but I don't have any sort of mental issue that could be diagnosed, I just happen to be soooo unbelievably hot that two guys want me at the same time"
Yeah Michael Jordan is SOOOO overrated.
Internet piracy!
True fans would have made this bet in June!
3 delegates closer to being the president
"Yeah, and lets give warriors race-specific banners while we're at it!"
"Sure, just give me your password and username and I can give you 1.5m with IF Messi."
Yeah as soon they make a daredevil omnibus for the daredevil show.
"If you want a saradomin hilt so bad, then buy one through the grand exchange."
But they's protect teh freedumbs
I'm SUPER excited to buy a house one day and have my MIL think she gets a say in the matter.
"Remember, minorities have to take the high road."
"Yeah, because Thompson is the problem"
No because that would be misogynistic
Anyone who says they like Tamina is either a liar or the Rock's cousin
Make sure you wipe Dalvik 3 times just to be sure too
"to a redneck, 'database' is the layer upon which you apply your roofing material"
Well... there's your proof!
"\#5 if you see someone less fat than you or someone doing physical activity, call that person a ""skinny bitch"", ""not a real person"", accuse her or him of not having a social life, hating herself, being brainwashed or an idiot thin people don't have emotion and you should hate them, but make sure to never even mention the word f*t because that could make someone sad"
the tail falls off
"""real"" communism"
Why let an experienced subject matter expert decide when we've got people without any experience who can.
"Also, buy Colgate"
"Because he chaingrabs in the Sheik ditto, who wants a guy like that on their team."
Three fifths of a debate really.
Yea fuck the guy trying to help you
I thought Magazines were for reading?
Another lazy bum looking for his free hand-out.
"Nope, nothing sexual about stripping down and showing to opposite gender your private sex parts"
I wonder if they'll share with the US
"oh damn, the double whammy , might as well go for the tri-fecta and hit this criminal scum with being black in public."
Peru - Next after North Korea.
Let's just get every middle-eastern actor on TV to be Abed's relatives!
Please add
"I put the shrimp on the barby, upboats to the left you cunts."
omg a rare species
You used privy wrong.
"I mean, who the hell blows a 3-1 series lead"
"If that's true, then how come we can still drown?"
"I was just going to say: The game needs to be patched, so there is a recall so Nintendo can put out the patched version of the game."
Tough men shooting at unarmed people who are running away.
Bracegate.
he was cheating at lan in a grand finals and realized that he was being blatant so he tried to play it off by not shooting and making it look like something was wrong with his game.
"No, you move with WASD and aim with arrows :) Unless you were a casual"
Fucking Harambe!
"Being sex-positive just means that you like having sex, right?"
I'm so glad that Obama steered us clear of Bush's disastrous foreign policy
IT'S WOMYN SHITLORD
But where's their moral barometer?
Above average wins championships.
Gee this is truly a fair and totally not reductionist view of this situation
They don't get mad if you are a soldier though?
So much effort was put into this.
"I, for one, think we should ban Windows"
"yeah but not the country that matters, my country"
"Removing the headphone jack really makes me want to ""upgrade"""
"Just great, you know endless war"
"Deej calls it a ""bug"" and patches promptly."
IITians
"Too complicated, must be something else"
What kind of fuckin loser would watch people kick a ball for an enternity instead of watching some quality LoL action?
Edgy Brah!
TIL defiance and deliverance are on the GCD
That's because it's hard to make an aimbot that moves the mouse slowly to the target...
"well clearly, if you're tall, or muscular, you have no skills whatsoever."
"And with hard work and perseverance, anyone can become part of the elite"
Those players have done so terribly for the Seahawks though
dropped this:
"Uhh, he's called *ducky*"
Packs are always the best value for money available
They're offset so probably add another $400
"So, how do i know for sure that you aren't part of the russian propaganda machine?"
"When people understand my sarcasm perfectly, even without"
aren't you happy with the new execution map
Man those servers are the best
Such a loss
"Hey I just bought the game, spoilers tags please!"
That just sounds like censorship with extra steps.
Yeah I could see people side it.
Tldr: a bunch of dog hating people with nothing better to do called and complained because they stepped in dog shit once and obviously that means that ALL dogs must be punished!
Whats the deal with your username?
The lack of pictures for once
Show off.
Just use deoxygenated blood from a vein to get blue
Haven't heard that one before
but but Dash berlin isn't cheese
This guy is obviously getting an academic scholarship.
"It doesn't really matter who they pick up imo, they could pick up Doloshi and they would still improve."
How dare you not be her getaway driver.
London Tube did it first
Like lipstick!
Because that's a perfectly reasonable thing to do!
"No your doctor is wrong, reddit is the correct place for medical advice"
Maybe she had the dirt on Clinton
[]
fucking pinko commie
Penalties are literally ruining Football statistics.
Who needs torque when you can just dump the clutch at every red light?
Its for comments like these that i avoid the
Are you saying Kiffin lacked decency?
You're just jealous that my Xbox has 500gb and your gtx1080 only has 8gb!
That looks painful and unexpected
Nope never ever again.
Die cis scum!
Obviously it's lost revenue
That statistic doesn't take into account what it's like to grow up in the hood.
You wouldn't mind Sean getting death threats?
"""Hamas fires rocket from school"" ""Hamas fires rocket from hospital"" ""Hamas fires rocket from hotel where reporters are staying"" No, they're not using human shields at all."
We are so boned
Aren't you getting pretty close yourself?
war =profits you silly bunny- feeding the poors is like throwing money away
Do they really need that much weed to survive?
"Nice try Scarra, go back to poaching on Skype."
I sure hopes he gets his license back!
Because tools didn't exist before capital.
Couldn't have happened to a better guy
They should try to be passing harder.
"Pack your bags TSM, shows over"
Too soon
Did you pass it?
"Go to San Francisco, they all spawn there!"
"I'm an atheist, debate me bro!"
oh no :(
"The ending of Big Fish, where it turns out [the father was exaggerating... but some version of everything he said actually happened]"
"Probably because all em ""nuggets and Jews"""
"Then don't go to South Africa, it's unpatriotic and it could give you weird ideas!"
First time I've heard about this
He should do an AMA!
"But Norwegians are white, unlike Swedes."
"yes, because the Highlanders have such a good football team"
"He couldn't do new stuff anymore, can't you read?"
"It's like, a few hundred... right?"
yo I can't wait for SJB to finally break out - dude is the next Richard Sherman
How incredibly odd that the father of a murdered child would want videos claiming his kids death was a hoax to be taken down.
After watching ancient aliens we now know it was an ancient deathray!
"oh shit, no twitter accounts, surely terrorism in the middle east is now over"
"But, but what about Baylor"
"Easy, he'll tax you as much as the guy making $15 million, duh"
conspiracy theory that OP is a Yankee fan and trolling us the best they can
"exactly, if the monetary gains in this robbery saved the lives of his family of 10, is it worth it?"
Taxes are theft obviously
"No, no, he's alive in X-Men"
There is no bad publicity
"No, the guy who got knocked out in record breaking title fight time, pulled out of a highly promoted fight and refused several rematches is the victim."
"Yeah, but this is about ""real victims""."
Rush PD ez
drug suspects are not people.
yeah... and Tony Stark is gay
"Because fuck you, that's why!"
Looks legit.
"Riiight, the oldest excuse in the book."
"Of course they have no voting fraud, MI5 only does fraud for us Brits"
brb still crying congrats to pies on finally getting their shit together and running my tipping again after I tipped Brisbane last week thanks
This is a great article that encourages you to search on Google for what you might need.
But we can still change things by voting right?
"Yeah, but Kaepernick sucked so bad that it created an aura of drops around McDonald"
It must be God then right?
"""But Your Honor, that guy needed killing!"""
The brain of the person that wants to kill you.
So we are taking this to PMs?
Javi Garcia
pull a majere for that sweet $17.50 ;)
Still wish someone would put up a banana for scale purposes.
Social Justice Warrior: Thought police addition.
Isn't it lovely?
they arent kidding with the practical effects...
HEY GUYS I FOUND THE VEGETARIAN HOW DO YOU KNOW SOMEONE IS ONE THEY WILL TELL YOU HAHAHAHAHAH
"yeah you're so right, Blizzard totally has to make its heroes similar to paladin's to attract their playerbase, how can OW survive if Paladins is still around"
"No, this escalation of draconian laws and increasing militarisation of police isn't getting out of hand at all."
"Oh yeah, because the Republican Party is the one with the most embedded racism, and tend to feel a little extreme when Trump speaks his mind."
That makes it all okay
yeah good game but ingram's a bust dude
You should put a
Did you forget this?
Yeah and bigoted people usually have a Southern accent too.
Damn why isn't there anyone as smart as you on the dev team?
Because Jerry Brown has really done wonders for those of us in California....
"Plus all of their periods would eventually be on the same cycle, and then nobody in the company would get anything done 1 week out of 4!"
"Oh, well that's case closed then.."
Quality content right here.
We need the extra screen time for the return of the Grey Worm romance.
"Interesting you only listed rightwingers, because the lefties don't do this at all ever."
I thought it was because Jamie is secretly a Targ bastard and is under Brans time travelling power?
"But then how will I squeeze into the carriage before everyone else, securing myself a sweet location to look at all the filled up seats longingly?"
Sounds resonable.
Yeh forcing people to stick to one lane or at least general area is going to make is so much harder to find fights then the current system of chasing tails.
"Yeah, totally sick of how we can't do blackface anymore too, damn SJWs"
"""Hey guys I'm going to copy the game and essentially steal from the developer"""
Maybe Congress should form a committee to look into this
"No, you must share your 1st world stuff with them until the whole world is equally the 3rd world!"
"Stupid fucking game developers, can't you see that we don't want technological improvement?"
Sounds like a great idea.
Maybe you should be a cop!
But the GTX1080 will only be capable of 1080p.
But...but...there's little to no difference between 900p and 4k.
"""founding,"" nice grammar RETARD!"
The world's a tough place for an up and coming bartender.
"Well, if they're seeking better job and educational opportunities, at least we know they won't end up in the US."
This is the one with Daniel Day Louis right?
"Yeah, because Metal Gear Solid is the only games that Konami make."
What a nerd!
All I know is that we should all blame Kevin.
"Hell yeah dude, i'm ready for Reddit's algorithms to spam me about another presidential candidate!"
Tristan was clearly trying to break Millsap's forearm.
Cause getting a trophy is paramount to a kid's development
Clearly the Patriarchy at work
It's okay support say it's coming back any day now
DayZ will take about 20 more years.
"No no no, they'd both go to hell because ""No Real Christian"" would murder someone."
No sane person could consider this a threat.
"*My* idea, at that."
"Oh no, that makes me so angry, **please** don't do that..!"
This is why republicans get a bad name...
"Pfft your examples are terrible, especially that Ove""sneaky elbow""chkin guy."
But reddit told me women are feminazis!
Yeah it does!
dont you think thatd be more appropriate on the day he was assasinated tho?
Is that because MEAT IS MURDER
confirmed burial
"No, this was a vote about Making the UK Great Again."
Just vote again!
Lol that's a great way to second guess your feelings
No but she gave speeches to wall street and somehow that's related because people shouldn't be allowed to make money giving speeches if I don't like the people they're speaking to.
"Yeah, Cowboy has a stellar record against shittalkers that are susceptible to leg kicks."
Couldn't have been a slash because the refs would have definitely called it just to fuck us.
Irving/Parker JR/Ginobili Kawhi/RJeff LeBron/Duncan Aldrige/Thompson Almost as good as warriors
Black coffee matters?
"Because this 8/10 review is clearly saying ""don't play witcher 3"""
"Yeah, I'm really not comfortable with google having access to my Google account"
To the wings?
But where else would we get T1/T2 keys?
I'm shaking and crying and asking for forgiveness right now.
But no one has been asking for them to fix the stuck rudder bug
"Well, no surprise coming from a school with ""Devil"" in the name...."
Because the S stands for speed
For a straight woman it's amazing how much she seems to grasp straight male sexuality.
Rationality shill!
yeah like kirito
"Yeah, because your boyfriend is totally going to flat out tell you something you did sucks."
That they're not all half-sheep by now.
Duh that's why drinking your water is also a compound exercise cause you're using all the joints in your hand to grip the bottle
"Wth, that's a tomato, bro"
Nice localized Jojoke bro.
Maybe they should have picked a spouse that could safely cross the street or not get cancer.
Is that Dishonored 2?
TIL bad guys don't buy guns illegally
Still sore about Martell Webster?
Did Modiji forget that Oommen Chandy is a 'Christian' CM of a 'secular' state?
Yes because the majority of consumers have 4k monitors and 680 bucks to drop on video cards
I can see some fingerless gloves and a coat that looks like the one russman has
"Obviously fake, April 11th 2016 has already passed."
[Trevor?]
now the french must slaughter the cows as a warning to never do that again
Aww you have such a terrible life.
"yes, but i have a VPN!"
This joke fails because black people don't work.
"Well you can still farm, you know with all those skeleton keys you have laying around..."
Lots of human sexuality and relationships post-docs in here...
All hail corporate
"You're right, maybe they'll totally scrap it."
"Yeah, we're complaining about the fact that he's gay, not that he is completely unqualified for the job."
"Well, that's just *selfish*!"
Thanks for letting us know.
Your team sucks
Well you Irish Catholics *are* crazy.
Yeah stop complaining bout nuffin jeez
i know ... and i meant it as a JOKE ....
They just have to get closer to the northern lights
But she's never been inappropriate around a child in her life!
Yeah the kids didn't have their mom watching them so let's give them no mom
"In a country where public opinion mainly leans towards legalizing marijuana, and where many non-violent drug offenders face prison time, hating prisoners makes perfect sense."
Because alcohol is soooooo good for you.
It has natural in it so it's got to be healthy!
You're wrong and we should have definitely bought Ronaldo or at the very least Zlatam.
You mean the one where T-Dog dies right?
Yeah that's why Greece is poor
That's because under 18 play night elf hunters.
"""I watched as the lamb opened the first of the seven seals, etc..."" Sis Anger, obviously a tribute to Lamb of God"
yea because gender roles all boil down to childbirth
"Umm excuse me, you must have missed Obama's ""Jobs Summit""!"
And see what it got them?
busted
"Yeah, because they have NO CHOICE but to install this mod, since it is mandatory."
Dirk to GSW?
Who doesn't love a lake of grease on top of their nachos?
But that doesn't explain how his short range and very telegraphed mind control technique hit me!
"But sure, drop rates are ""fine"""
They look terrible without a massive black box around the sponsor which improves the patterns in the middle
But in ROTC-land EVERYONE HAS TO BE THE SAME
"Yea, cause when guys say, ""Netflix and chill"" the first thing that comes to mind is getting her to reminisce on her childhood cartoons."
I wonder if his source is the NUFC barber
This what happens when you live in one of those awful socialist countries
This is sophisticated view on muslims that western leaders have is sure working great.
"Yup, being a social cripple makes it a cinch to manipulate people."
"Yeah because players like pasza, krimz and schneider are notorious cheaters"
probably soldered AND glued too knowing Apple
BUT WILL I?
They're looking back at the explosion D:&lt; they're not badasses!
Then the terrorists win.
As a man I feel I can explain what types of sexism women experience better then they can
Undertale.
Because nothing will get positive responses just using lots of gendered slurs about other women!
that seems like an appropriate response.
The split for the anti-Maelstrom Pulse tech?
But imagine that feeling *on drugs*
Well that's because you dropped this
Hmm if we make it free... demand should stay the same.. right?
Depends if they agree with me or not tbh
Indeed... Now if only a body could pick up one of those cadillac Fed Dropships...
Well thank goodness we didn't elect Hillary Clinton and her highly regarded charity that helps people with HIV!
Israel should make peace with these countries.
Way to contribute to the debate..
No dammit!
YEAH WELL YOU'RE A SOCIALIST.
Assad is worse than Hitler and ISIS combined.
Amazing display SF brothers.
HOW DARE YOU
"Well, the TSA never makes mistakes, so the only possible explanation is he *wanted* to be there."
Looking forward to seeing the poster for The BFG with everyone making the trademark Dreamworks face.
Did OP Finnish HW yet?
and bernie sanders can still win the nomination
Horses in Skyrim totally trivialized the experience.
Human eye can only see 24mhz per second.
"Wow, you're stepping pretty far out of the pop-punk zone here, OP."
You forgot the
Its because Melee is too competitive
"It's okay, he got Cuvee with his ult."
"I think I agree with 2crudedudes up there, he seems to know what he's talking about."
"Oh haha, you forgot the"
"It's obviously us PBE players faults, as reddit tends to say"
john gibbons is a sexist misogynistic pig that is the embodiment of how out of touch baseball is with modern society with these disgusting comments implying that only women wear dresses
"Looking forward to him and that ult spamming QM for the next month straight, and first-banning him in every ban mode."
"Wow, and you call yourself a Lookout?"
there is no 17th month m8
"Yeah, but look how many yard signs Bernie has."
Dat rock star economy.
Your standards are just too high
Well it *is* a Toshiba
"But if people don't know that I'm offended, however will I live with myself?"
You forgot to add
its his hardstyle track on friday
Where's North Korea?
How surprising that the police destroyed evidence.
Because Transgendered Leftests are the natural enemy of Planned Parenthood
Why would you even ask him that is good for 30k+ miles easily!
"Cool, I'm totally going to trust a report funded by the **""Friends of Israel Initiative""** over every human rights group on earth including Amnesty and Human rights Watch."
Yeah because i spend all day reading this stuff
Your mistake was buying a 960
no not at all ;)
"Yeah, why bother coming to this sub at all?"
This is the plotline to Memento isn't it?
"B-bu-but that's why we have 'under God' in the pledge, this is a Christian nation!"
I want my moonwalk
It's called Otherkin on tumblr you uneducated swine
but if the song is catchy then it must be true!
Your friend sounds fun.
Did you just assume their race?
Further proof that Wizards hates non-creature spells...
Good thing there's only godlike chargers in turf war
"Karma *is* all that matters, therefore, I'm way better and more important than you"
TIL throwing money around is classy.
"That quote does not sound at all out of context, and reviewing countless pictures of oneself is not at all equivalent to looking into a mirror."
Woah where is this coming from?
DEZ OBVIOUSLY CAUGHT IT
What else did you expect?
And pay their internet money for monthly spark plug replacement
Us 90s and 2000s kids should work in solidarity against the 2010s
And a conservative traditionalist!
No wonder all their footballers are over here.
"Yeah, but I just said they raped me, so it's all good."
You mean Black kids right?
Try smoking outside
"Is it ok if I am at the top of the team and say ""idiot team""?...."
"See, just another guy trying to fix the situation when you just wanted to vent"
It's not our job to educate you!
"Ah, sounds like justice was served!"
He just wants our clicks tho
because that's communism
It's in a different state for crying out loud
You tell that bitch!
"Except in Orlando, passing on the right is the only permitted way, preferably in the exit lane of an off ramp, at 2x the speed limit while everyone to the left is at a dead stop."
The Rams are screwed
Who are you?
"But with a Diet Coke, so it's okay."
"No don't you get it it's abstract, the mangled body is a representation of the human experience."
But 9/11 happened when Bush was in office so he MUST have been involved.
Obviously the golden age was 2007 because CoD4 was the greatest game of all time!
"See, Trump really does get the best people."
"That happens, you're emotional, she's always right..."
If only this was on the sidebar.
"yup, look at all that other discussion happening in chat."
Lol mental illness is hilarious you guys...
Ahhh so that justifies the lynchings and killing.
"Of course they will - can't let a good tragedy go to waste, right?"
"oh the rust belt, how i love you"
"So as someone who loves philosophy, isn't it super obvious that the church has the best answers to all ""deep"" questions?"
Pshht....yeah enjoy your slow death from fluoride poisoning.
"Not biased at all, there."
I know right that huge shield isn't much of an indicator
Tell that to the blacks!
The color of the driver's skin.
Yes because it would be much more interesting if all 10 skills were laid out on the keyboard
But that's not what's important here
"But I thought the Dart was a 'groundbreaking' sedan endorsed by Tom Brady and starting at under $16,000?"
WHY DOES CANADA GET ALL THE GOOD DEALS
you forgot the
It cuts each hair follicle 6 times and provides double the shavings over the Mach 3!
Don't throw your logic at him!
But I love bunny hopping for 10 minutes to get to other runs.
Yes the appeasement in European countries works greatly.
Oh pins yea I just shove my finger In and press them down and pick up the board by only the socket right without a cover right
"lol scrub, not even playing on HC"
"WOW, THIS IS SUCH AN AMAZING FACT!"
And poor people deserved to be oppressed more
"Ain't my rig (Read title), but it sure does match up nicely"
Because we havnt seen this picture before...
But what about RKO outta nowhere!
"Or put his hands up or something, because I hear that works too."
"It man, come on, it's not that difficult"
They just let anyone be mods these days...
Anything goes so long as we do it to the bad guys!
I bet there's one in the shed!
So I guess CIG only has 13 million dollars left 'in the bank' now?
"It just went over our heads, fatties logic is too fast and we didnt catch it i suppose."
Yeah because the VA hospitals are the ideal.
Just tell them the mice are your pets
Did you save 15% or more on car insurance by switching to Geico?
Could always do MtF vocal exercises!
Education reform
"Well you see, its 30% cooler because the pipe is no longer attached so the heat can just flow right off the card!"
"Kita niyo naman, ang dami nang natututunan ng mga bata natin sa mundong ibabaw!"
Haha alright dude I sure did
I'm sure a solutions-oriented guy like Cruz will have no problem getting legislation passed to fix this.
not as serious as the sond effects at 2:30
Oh what do the Germans know about the negative impact islam can have on a society.
Dont bother showing yourself with a laptop in public unless its a macbook ;)
but muh wet dreamz
"Yes, because having it suddenly known with all your peers you have a large dick makes it no longer embarrassing."
"Watch out, you're triggering us."
UF has been lacking in defense recently
"I concur, any and all things ever abused by anyone should immediately be disbanded!"
"yeah, those pesky women with there stupid fight for equality, glad you put them straight with your discussion"
A rare opportunity to go outside into the world and enjoy fresh air.
"You're doing it wrong, you're supposed title it, 'So I just walked in on my dog like this...' Bro, do you even Aww?"
Incest is wincest
But he was a Republican so obviously all those people were stupid
"Right, I forgot about that genuine, completely unscripted moment."
I have a great idea: make his ult not affect him!
It literally has *never* happened before.
Don't start that trickle down economics with me you trump supporter
It still counts as circlejerking if you don't like the feats.
Do you even watch the vlogs?
How could you live with youself by having that advantage over other players
We must have TPP to save us from the scary people!
Fuck you asshole!
Good thing there's a 3 week hiatus.
"Well, you might be wright."
But you are though.
Allies balanced now
Cmon man... thats like saying If the Sharks win the Stanley cup this year I will meet with two redditors and will allow them to kick me one tiem as hard as they can in my balls.
"Quality post, upvoting"
Yea but with the SE people won't complain that it unlocks TOO quickly when using the fingerprint reader.
try washing off the bug spray before you eat it then
I get upset when you use unnecessary commas MOTHERFUCKER
Fucking deathball man...
"Real flat zones aren't that hard, just run a cover 2 and rezone every other player to your desired coverage"
Lesbianism is BAAADDD unless they make a threesome with a man
it's their fault for not making a necronomicon
It is the price we pay for civilization
But that Obama sure does cry crocodile tears.
"Yeh, NRG are being a really bad team with hermit, totally not one of the best NA teams"
yup and tsm will not only get out of group but win worlds too :D
Shoulda signed Mark Jackson...
It's possible... with the power of white privilege!
the nerd is probably on his computer doing corsi work instead of watching the game
Wow that logic was spot on I can't believe it's that simple and straight forward
"Easy fix, just don't do your homework!"
Glorious mother russia is obviously a Christian place
Right.
"Wasn't going to upvote, but he has autism!"
I still like eight year old girls
"They could just compensate for all the European players that will leave with new, fresh talent from the Commonwealth!"
Plus I don't think they'd allow fan owned teams in the nhl
"It's totally pointless, nobody asks that question every week after all."
*That* sounds like a solution to the competitiveness problem that French businesses have been having.
But I thought we were the country of checks and balances
"Finally, someone having the guts to speak their mind about an opposing party."
"You forgot to say: ""I am the grand avenger and you shall worship me as though I were a god"""
"It's on reddit, of course it's set up"
"Yes, because Americans have been so nice throughout history"
Yep obviously they just went missing and she had no idea
"Yeah, I feel soooooo sorry for the little shit getting a few boots to the ass"
Gotta stuff Christian heaven with souls somehow.
I bet he's *super* cool and totally accepts people who are different.
That sounds like socialism!
But how the job creators be able to create jobs when wages are so high?
You just dont understand what its like to be a woman in america
"He didn't build roads, so his totalitarian police state is actually a libertarian paradise."
"Well damn dude, that's why, it's worth tons of money..."
"Just like how religious extremists have made me despise Muslims and gangbangers have made me despise blacks and Latinos... Yeah, that'll show them!"
He's a le hilarious trololo
"Now listen, the only person who wouldn't be for a law requiring all vehicles to have a breathalyzer installed at all times, is someone who has something to hide and has been drinking."
"they changed the setting from a school to a golf course, but yeah totally different movies."
hmm... so according to gov logic...shouldnt that medal belong in the non malay category?
Because obviously the government will keep the backdoor safe
Can't wait to open this in my 40 dollar draft!
"You found your match brah, congrats"
Is this what it's like to live in Europe now?
Well this is a shocker
Plzzzzz 343
Just another Utopian day in gun-free New York!
Right after SL 2
wow you should be a mod :p
They must have been storing jet fuel in that crane.
Keep your petty logic to yourself!
You guys are so closed-minded about open relationships.
LS swap it
you forgot to add
Such 'dark' speeches.
Order up :) Now taking daily order suggestions for tomorrow's lunches!
Because programming is *hard*.
"Oh, I didn't realized she'd already been sentenced."
YOU'RE TRIGGERING ME OH MY GOD
"But they don't blow people up, so its okay"
"It's cool, I drive way better when I'm drunk."
this is why I don't go out with people that went to Cornell
"Yo I'm sicker than hospital lines and I'll put you in the ER, now I'm calling it time!"
"Yes, a 54% approval rating of Obama will be what prevents Trump from being elected."
Why aren't God-botherers picketing Wal-Mart?
"Sorry, I forgot the"
"Yeah but has hasn't defended yet, so he's not even a real champion, the bum hasn't earned a single belt"
Who is Joe Biden?
Wow so fucking funny..
We don't speak Hindi down here!
"Yeah, insulting the Nazis is serious business in Alabama ^^^"
Yeah baldness is extremely attractive in women
You're a bloody traitor you kilt sniffing cunt!
She sounds like fun person to have at parties.
Another case of police brutality against his opponent
"Clearly its the concussions, takes away inhibition"
"Yeah, MIUI's camera UI isn't that great."
I LOOOOVE PLAYING ON OLD HARDWARE!
The union clearly thinks they should go back to tokens!
Or she could do a top rope splash and call it the Bayley Flop
The mistake he made was getting near cops.
Helo rush.
Talk about clickbait!
damn u eletist douchbag
Can MSU get a separate petition started to make you keep him?
"Whelp, looks like FO4 is now the single worst video game ever made in the history of ever, and everyone will cancel their pre-orders, all because the game won't have mod support at launch"
"Ugh, what do you think you're doing, taking care of the lives God has entrusted you with"
Typical sellout artists
BallerHorn?
50% WR so his strategy seems to be working ok =P
"Amateur-level gatekeeping, doesn't mention the classic series."
Yeah that new Encore really lights my fire.
"It's okay poesie, he said we could be honest."
"I usually add the ""end sarcasm tag"""
"I'm talking about when they took that great pilot, The Cage, and ruined it by replacing Pike with that idiot Kirk, and they ruined Spock by toning him down so he rarely shouts orders and information like a real Vulcan would."
Polls are lies and Clinton's cronies control the voting booths
Unfortunately the Aventador has become a secretary's car and the LaFerrari is for 12 year olds
What a well thought response that addresses the issue and provides a strongly constructed argument to defend one side of the topic.
Can you stack 18350s with this?
This is great news for windows phone users.
Um shut up
Please you know it will give -20% armor amounts for at least 3 patches till they fix it.
"you're right, ""this case is too high profile, it's hurting our image... better kill the prosecutor"" sound muuuch more likely"
But they were placed in power by the law of consent!
Yeah poor el chapo
"Yeah but he hasn't scored 4 goals in a game since game 1, total bust"
Confirmed that Mormon Mommies cannot become professional photographers.
But he apologized in a letter via twitter....that has to count for something right?
"THIS IS A MOVIES THREAD, DONT PUT YOUR PRETTY MUCH MOVIE IN TV FORM SHIT IN HERE."
"Yeah, refugees totally have the money avaiable"
That's what all of those **greedy whores** are doing!
Heat Wave
And NA!
"Yeah, an ex-KGB thug would be a good choice."
"But but... Hillary = Hitler because emaliz, duh"
"7 speed automatic is the future, those millisecond shift times makes a huge difference!"
"OPs thought process ""OMG people tipped me a lot for being able to see my cleavage, that is so odd, no guy would ever do that, totally WTF"""
Humans had it coming by wearing sexy wetsuits
"Last year cops stole more money than criminals by seizing it, but on this I'm sure they'll play it straight."
"Everyone already knows they're doing it so that when Obama declares martial law, postponing the election indefinitely, it will seem like a relief."
So the answer here is to also send the website what type of screen you're viewing their page on.
If you just lower taxes people would have all the money they need for those things
"That's weird that it calls a random contact, it would make more sense for it to just dial your wife."
So that's our problem we should change our strip and crest
"Oh, she only went to St Hugh's, she's no big deal"
"O thank God, I was worried the Chiefs would be without their number one receiving threat..."
"Yeah, fuck them for giving out free pizza!"
"I feel your pain OP, the game is literally unplayable without a snowflake mount..."
Because you need more than 16 champs to be competitive.
I guess all guitar licks aren't impressive because we all had friends that could play 3 chords in 4/4.
But guys everyone watches Hockey Central
You forgot the
They sure did help President Romney.
Send him home...
Seems like a good measured response.
Just use a particular site which name begins with d2.
You forgot to add
"""white notifications"" It's so awesome, nobody wants original (black notifications) back..."
"At least he should told you what you exactly said c. On the other side, their mods knows about us"
I'm sure that the ONLY reason was because you had silenced players....
But you aren't communicating how I want you to communicate!
"nail salon, can't have enough nail salons"
Can they just display a student's personal identification?
"Nope, you have male privilage, therefore unrapeable."
I'm sure Bernie is happy to be associated with this crass moron.
Well fast tracking the TPP should help create more opportunities for Americans in general
Helps if you're controlling the computer with a controller.
"Yeah, *literally* unfuckable."
"Yeah, I'm sure you would've been a real action hero in that situation, damn these people for not reacting well under stress."
And now we finally have evidence that porn kills!
come on Mike Milbury and Pierre McGuire best 1-2 punch
Because we *all* know that anything that has Lindsey Lohan on it will automatically sell.
Please please give us the option to mute voicepacks..
I guess this team can scrap by with McDaniels as OC then?
"I'm sure he runs into quite a lot of ""selfish"" women"
They shouldn't need encryption if they have nothing to hide.
"Yeah, but it's not like cops deal with gun violence regularly or anything, so what do they know?"
don't big box staples mills and hungary spring road.
Can't pwn those damn libertarians without pissing on Rand
"Eh, 7/10, not bad but possibly a bit self righteous."
costs extra to import digital downloads
how *terrible*!
"no waaaaaaaayy, i totally didnt see that commmmiiinnnggggg."
"Splatoon is 3 dimensional and mario maker is only 2 dimensional, so there!"
That brother protecting Jon with the beard and long hair is definitely Benjen
"Haha - I love that the heroin one has a skull in the room - cause you know, heroin addicts are obviously evil right?"
"Yes, they must be bitcoin mining your PC while the game patches."
Try zooming in more
This is the true crime here.
The environment is just a wedge issue like reproductive rights and LGBT rights.
"Ok maybe some fine ""ethical"" citizens can brigade him and his new company into acting like decent people"
So far it's gone *terribly* for Kotaku
"Hey now we can't be too entitled, how about we just push the car."
Womyn need to weight at least 130 pounds to be real womyn!
"Yes, because this is the way a couple needs to work out their differences."
But let's get upset about something that happened 150 years ago because social injustice man
oh ok then that totally erases the problem of trump being a slimebag rapist
I love that this back bencher is constantly in the news.
"Hey man, at least you got a charzard!"
"""It's better for me"" Well, you wouldn't want to inconvenience this creep now, right OP?"
my favorite source
How else could you read that?
Probably should have used
Just a matter of time before they find the fully intact IDs of the suicide bombers
"If I want news I go to an unbiased source, Itar Tass from Russia comes to mind or Xinhua from China."
TDK Piglet incoming
"Go away, you're being reworked"
ye.. sounds like a GREAT build
"Like another certain time traveler who bends the rules to help others, no not at all."
Totally unrelated to Iranian nuclear deal which is very good and only Israel is bitching about it
"Great argument, you've completely swayed my opinion"
"Oh wow, I had no idea!"
"Yeah, let's ignore any and all bad things we've done, along with their lasting impacts."
Ah so that's how those Chinese frames cut costs
Well it IS russia.... the fact they even have firemen surprises me
bloody unions I tell you
The moon landing.
yeah but women can't cut down trees
"Did you change the page using ""Inspect Element""?"
"Oh no but we have Quick, so much better"
Obviously it's gay
"Come on Nevill, you have his spot, no need to rub it in."
Sure I don't mind doing some shadow puppets!
Which is why the Ugandans *hate* the white American Fundie missionaries who are pushing for the death penalty for homosexuality in their country.
Everyone else on the Perds sucks
Something something Mars
And it can transmit data without a network connection too
"Now I want my R9 280 to somehow fail so I can get a better gpu back,"
"Yes, because Ukraine was doing just swell under the pro-Western, non-corrupt Yushenko and Tymoshenko."
speccy
Or a voice recorder!
Such a cruel way to grow...
And people deserve to be burgled because they have nice stuff.
I'm sure Rocket will just drop everything and deviate from the roadmap that the huge team of devs has laid out as the best way to move forward just so he can address your pet peeves.
"That's what Obama wants you to think, so America brands all of its patriots as crazy racists"
And it prohibits you from using proper sentence structure.
I'm glad the basketball expert in Jay Z shared his opinions on the Phil Jackson drama.. very insightful and he seems very knowledgeable on the topic..
Well Big Bang Theory is *literally* nerd blackface.
Because you should always trust the brand name to give you honesty info about the generic version
"It's alright, no-one can reach 60 fps anyway"
They have privilege so yes.
"You just gotta add ""from bears"" to the end and it's all kosher."
"Simple, increase the number of people thus decreasing the carbon footprint per person"
The Russians will no doubt respond with restraint if history is any indication...
What you don't realize is that 0bummber hasn't done those things BECAUSE of the pressure of the proud patriots EXPOSING his secret plans.
Patrick Kane beat me up over a $20 cab fare.
We're so missing out
There's something to be said for consistency.
"Yea, it's spelled ""HiLIARy"", duh."
It's good that they're getting the exercise!
"Sorry, you are the overpaid consultant and should be able to figure this stuff out by yourself."
"We Americans stand strong against the caustic barbs of pan-European intrusiveness, our might will supplement an undeniable triumph."
Hey no one forced you to work at Hobby Lobby
your kind is not allowed to comment here
That's a terrible picture I can barely tell if that's Kanye!
"Oh boy, I loved what they did with Tower Heist..."
"yes, we should get rid of the minimum wage as well so we can compete with undeveloped countries , oh and labor laws, they just slow things down and the union, don't even get me started."
"You jail broke it, your such a horrible person."
Apparently not!
But he was a man of peace!
All we need now is for Unidan to come along and tell us that this is in fact a jackdaw and not a crow.
"[This is followed closely by ""What does the source button do"", since apparently nobody thought to use that to see the markup people use for it.]"
"Oh sure, don't most people have a spare car or two lying around?"
"Lol, you sure won this argument"
"And the most deregulationtastic part of all of it was that when the time came to pay the piper, all those bankers didn't get a bailout from the government to protect them."
I was waiting for a verbal
"Yep, that's totally typical of the types of human detritus who inhabit apartment buildings."
She forgot the log in info for her aol email account and has to be at the home computer to access email...
"Inderdaad, volgende keer graag het hele artikel in de titel plaatsen"
Yeah Rust was pretty bad with Malkin in the playoffs
Exactly...because having more than three people in a home presents the exact same fire hazard and potential for nuisance to neighbors as 49 people in a home.
Shhh dont bash the Falcons at least they do it legally.
nigga bout to get banned again with an attitude like that
I know I got super pissed when the Kosher deli I like wouldn't make me a bacon cheeseburger.
HAHAHA OMG TOO FUNNY 10/10 WOULD GIGGLE AGAIN
"Meh, wake me up when Lu Xiaojun stars in a documentary called ""Pass USADA."""
"After this gif loops for the fifth time, I'm seeing a trend of police brutality against minorities..."
But mah Pennsyltucky will push through for our dear leader Trump!
"You're right, because of a planned attack on Americans, we should restrict one of our most basic freedoms, it's the only solution, just like girls who walk around in short skirts and low cut shirts are asking to be raped"
No Shitlord it's clearly a way for the alpha-males of /b/ to assert their masculine dominance over women...
Not buying enough stars.
i must have forgotten this:
"But if we give the ultra-wealthy more tax cuts, they'll create more jobs and make us all millionaires!"
"Sweet, I can't wait to plug my bicycle into a computer to work on it."
"No dive, not at all."
The dirty poor people are holding up the line for me trying to get their WIC card out at the grocery store
"I mean, I don't know why you wouldn't use that word all the time."
Openness and Microsoft in one sentence is great!
Dude they have Mike Wallace now though!
That's just the mark of quality
But no they deserve brutal justice for their horrible crimes
I am a bunny: I am always reproducing.
Because other Networks (T-Mobile specifically) neeeeever have issues
"Well, its quite possible that she killed her friend while johanna was on her deathbed but Tyrion had already been born."
oh i forgot the
Because women cannot rape you shitlord
you will have to buy a new case and film correctly this time
"Just keep an armlength, you'll be fine."
I don't see
Don't you know that all of our universities are liberal cesspools
"He pocketed one, obviously."
Very mature of you to assume students from AMA and STI are like what you described.
Lol because 700 bucks is lots of money in the bank
Estariamos mejor con el peje!
But how can be communist if you play videogame?
I bet if you go to BestBuy you can hack and get it for $10
"Whoa Whoa, I am pretty sure his two out save last night is more impressive than anything Bumgarner ever did for the Giants in the postseason."
"Yeah, because radar isn't a crutch at all"
"That's fine, human eyes can't detect 0.3 fps"
yeaaah.. cs go is just too realistic for us.
What a shame in this day and age that racists still have to put up with people not liking racism.
"yeah, if you can't shoot the image in RAW with your huge dslr you shouldn't even bother taking a picture of anything ever"
Further proof that Marcus has more around him than Jameis.
Vladislava wasn't close enough for them?
They are made in China
"Wow ur so barbaric, we must love these people and rehabilitate them dummy"
"Yes a BETA having a few bugs makes this a ""shite"" company."
"Yeah, it's interesting how people can get so depressed simply from discovering a little incriminating information..."
Ah the good times.
"528,016 #\#BanRS"
"No, and you treating the alt right like that is the reason Trump won"
My dad is GabeN so he gave it to me for free
Now we just need spamshots.
Yay mobile url!
KD can hold you with his little bitch arms
Oh yeah I forgot about all those iron beak owls I've been seeing on ladder
she's just a spoiled brat!
Your children are flying in a metal tube at breakneck speeds thousands of feet over the ground... and this is what worries you?
"But it's Bill, clearly he didn't know what he was doing."
No clearly the voice actor is wrong
You forgot you're
Yes cause wanting a romantic relationship is just a choice you make...
"Dude, I am pretty sure Mandela died in prison."
dude their just fleeing poverty and looking for a better life
"Oh, if he wore a condom that's alright then isn't it..."
Those Jamaicans are *disgusting* for doing that to a fish.
"Well, get to work!"
"Oh yeah, I forgot that teenagers can do no wrong!"
thats why you go against the norm and mass void rays
At least they tried...
you didnt like Tits N Ass wrestling?
It's nice to see that the progressive policies of our country fainally pays off.
But they promised me free money!
"of course, r/movies is the true pantheon of objective criticism these stupid critics don't understand FUN movies"
"Stop shitposting on reddit, aren't there bugs to be fixing?"
They're finally retiring the winged hussars
JUST BECAUSE I DIDN'T PLACE AN ORDER DOESN'T MEAN I DIDN'T DESERVE TO WIN
Epsilon Faccento
Half-Life 3
Ah yes - that's the kind of short-termism that made the US what it is today!
and default
You need to buy the season pass for those?
"Let's kill it, because that's what we humans do."
[Word]
Omg how ignorant it's obv tremolo... Edited to clarify-
Too bad that Zionism founders were atheists.
I'd love to have a mullet.
Like acro right?
Watch Ghostbusters you sexist pig!
"Yeah, but it has all those unnecessary serifs though."
Date an ugly woman.
Well those people are fascist socialist communist dictators!
It's almost as if multiple people are posting their own thoughts!
"That's because Tim Thomas is a kooky Republican which obviously means he's living in a cave with no technology and tin foil hats so Obama can't see his thoughts, right guys?"
r/iamverysmart
So I wonder if they will hold themselves to this standard
"Hell yeah, if all of the Papuans are dead then there won't be any more violence..."
BECAUSE ITS BIG AND ALSO OTHER EXCUSES
"B-but you're playing CoD, you don't deserve the master race!"
Wow bro did you just call me a over dramatic bitch.
But dogs moufs are cleaner than humans!
Yeah because Microsoft has always worried about complying with the law.
nbcnews is such bias source for Ukrainian propaganda.
But that proves all atheists really do believe and just are mad at God
Down voted because no mention of Jews
Sounds like a piece of cake.
"30 is just a recommendation, it's not the law or anything"
"He said that he follows Tigers closest tho, and I think we have enough bandwagon supporters already."
"Nah, they were caused by the gigantic life-form that's living in the center of the moon, using it as an egg."
I'm sure they intentionally left you out.
"I can't wait to install the Laravel version that includes a service provider to register a ""facade"" and declare a global function just to make the two previous steps even more useful"
"Careful, it's not water resist!"
But how can it be hatred when it's merely justice?
"Bro, you wouldn't want a girl like that any way"
They would've won if they could use the U23 kids!
But it's cool to disagree.
Blasphemy
Hmm... how can this go wrong?
Spoilers?
Yeah the unfrosted tundra soil will be very nutritious and conducive to plant growing
"Yes, because everyone at Microsoft is an idiot, and they are a company that practically no one holds a grudge against or want to attack in any way."
"""I force you to buy and wear a price of shit, then punish you when it breaks"" Yup, sounds like life."
"IT'S WOMYN, SHITLORD!"
You don't need a good education to work for your dole anyways.
The horror that some people drink alcohol for fun.
Well then I guess let's all feel bad for Nordstrom's being taken advantage of by those all those wealthy fat-cat customers.
Because those family members totally do not support and profit from being leader of terrorist leader.
"Don't worry about them, god will provide all they need..."
Why didn't you guys just shoot the 9/11 planes down with your guns?
You forgot the
Go home
Dude Alex rekts can't even believe you'd do this.
"gotta wonder where he gets it from, with such a pacifist grandfather and all."
Can't wait to hear this everywhere for the rest of the summer
You dropped your
"har har har, I love it when people make fun of gender identities xD"
The only platform that would ever allow you to lock FPS to a customer number would be the Perfect Console
Very helpful and a good way of giving good advice
Yeah they totally do still complain!
Ferrari fucks up again by giving Vettel the F14-t for baku
"Yeah, everything is that simple."
"Right, because it's SO EASY to just leave an abusive relationship."
Because everybody (and I mean _every single player of this game_) has a master tier friend with infinite smurfs who can boost them to diamond in their copious spare time.
But can he out-homer Trevor Story tho
But let's keep building more!
yeah .. that shit is for WOMEN
haha you're so cool
"Until fuhrer Trump ends the idea of ""hate crimes"""
best anime!
Macdonald's?
"True, they should have just left the old town clothes system the same for the 5 people in the world who use town clothes."
Not to mention racist!
its totally the car and not the driver
racist
"Threatening to murder journalist, sounds just like the American republicans"
Isn't that how Trump is gonna build the wall?
"Oh, I get it... Sexism against men is funny!"
"What's wrong with the back of the bus, anyway?"
"Sure, because human beings are primitive animals with no means of preventing conception from sex."
"Yeah I can see why your posts all deserve -8 downvotes, that's a cool, classy way for people to respond to you"
THATS IT FUCK THIS BROKEN GAME
"Squenix did 911 too, what a fucking twist."
"I can't remember, is he a Muslim, an atheist, or does he hang out with radical black Christian pastors?"
Bold!
I sure am glad I spent money on the season pass for some AR challenges.
"In his defense, you did ask."
"It's his fault... He's ""painfully predictable""."
Its always a good idea to wait til the last moment.
Well obviously it's gone forever now.
"Agreed, it's time they removed all Arabs from their land, by force if needed, to purify their country."
"Oh yeah, you know, that's not as bad lol"
And we should obviously hate on those who are now not as good as they once were and not look at their past accomplishments.
"The 19% is oxygen, the 1% is god."
Do you plan on trying dipper into a head that's always screaming?
An injury that can send Chelsea to the bottom of the table!
The chief of police has said after internal revue the officers were justified in their actions.
Oh yeah women are the problem here
"Yup, I'm really glad they made the decision to make torbjorn the only playable character in the game, really saves the confusion"
Glad they spoiled the fact everyone made it across to the other roof
What could possibly go wrong?
ITS NOT ENOUGH
I'm completely devastated :(
Do you really expect him to pass up on all that money that Tim Irvin got?
"Largest health care expansion in history, killed Bin Laden, brought the economy back from the brink, saved the auto industry, yeah it really showed"
way to free market
"It was the ""Death to America"" piece of flair you were wearing, wasn't it, OP?"
when the colonizers build over sacred grounds of the natives and show it off like its cool smh
Man ya'll must have been really fucked when you faced the pistons too
Thanks for being able to tell the future.
How will he get his coin back from the racists if he takes a break?
Actually 334 in one season
Wow you dont need to be so bitchy about it.
Guess you forgot the
"All my mid-30's female friends are pretty hot, they must be lying about their age, right?"
Clearly that makes it all ok
"Felipe Martins, of course."
Like he said he was recording for his own protection and wanted to make the officier insta-famous.
"Well, France's gun control laws did stop a terrorist attack in Paris."
Clearly the walls &amp; checkpoints that were built to stop terrorist attacks are what caused these terrorist attacks.
"Hey, I know it's an Accord but no need to call it names"
Because SuperSU is not that sketchy after being sold out to an unknown chinese company... Not at all...
"No, it's horrible because they lose overtime pay!"
But the Tesla will have no issues and nothing to go wrong with it because there's no moving parts
Wow... what a funny comment
"Batman, who's that?"
Record: corrected Thank you
Nah man Kyrie is Lebron's greatest teammate ever
But he said it wasn't a joke!
"But that's ok you know, white mans burden and all"
We all know this is an actual bonsai with stop-motion photography and legos!
That's why we should replace prison with executions.
Subban to Panthers confirmed
No he's a bigot and all the gays need to run and hide because this country is about to go backwards and he's going to put them in camps
Not in Standard
ITT: Cops saying it's ok to let them know you have weed just so it makes it easier to get you.
"Katt Williams, the epitome of comedy"
"Yeah, he looked really hungry in the video."
Im sure the MSM will be all over this
"Yea true, there ver well could be talking snakes and an invisible man in the sky that can hear everyone murmur."
"Sure, but mine have multiple devices, and a remote"
Those damn raghead muzzies all look the same to me anyways
Out skilled
Someone should come up with concrete and understandable categories already!
Use it as a phys x card.
"But he started talking about math, so I tuned out...."
And the taxpayer rejoices.
That's the most likely scenario
you're such a casual
I didn't know Clown College had an accredited Conspiracy Theories professor!
"Buy you don't understand, its so deeeeeeeeeeep."
Yes it is from star trek wars episode 3 revenge of Khan
So we need single payer.
"Yeah, because that would totally catch on."
But that means you must hate them and don't want to be with them.
It's good to know that you aren't using evil 30 round mags.
Good thing there's no fumes around you or your gas tank when you're pumping gas then.
"Well God made black people for that purpose too but APPARENTLY they also deserve things like ""civil rights"""
Yeah cuz the heat circle jerk in this sub is overwhelming
Question: Are we allow to legally firebomb ugly vehicles?
So either way she'll vote for a Republican?
"Wow Torts is such a bad coach, this is Hockey not running!"
Better this than cops on the road busting idiots for mobile phones.
"Yes, because enforcing traffic laws is totally equivalent to 1984."
No shit?
"Duhhhhh, you have to build the whole War then break it to get Broken-War!"
Yeah weird.
"Wait a minute, I thought he was a Nazi?"
Palin
But i thought Trump was the fascist.... O_o
I miss the stock the old lockscreen why would they change it :(
Youtube
Too soon
THERE IS TOTALLY ROOM FOR RELIGION IN GOVERNMENT
"No wonder I couldn't compile native extensions on Windows, I was running vim instead of vs."
Yeah that black man they ran last time really didn't go well for them
Hurray for our contrarian hero.
"Sometimes I also enjoy 20+ second load times when entering buildings, this gives me plenty of time to grab another bag of dewritoes."
Stop with your whitesplaining!
You forgot the
Yeah it's a better life decision to fail out in school to make sure your GF doesn't feel left out because you need to study.
About time
Downvoting Americans sure know better
Why are you complaining?
"To be fair, a good, honest raping would have put her in her place."
"Except Breitbart and InfoWars, everything there is true, right?"
"My parents were killed by an NP-complete problem, you insensitive clod."
"Luckily this wont happen anymore, because now we got that super helpful ""soon-out-of-bullets"" sound!"
Kiran Bedi approves this post.
"Remember folks, SRS controls reddit."
Waaaa waaaa I demand a rerun!
"Yeah, what a bandwagon the Seahawks have"
wut i agreed to his post brah
Best Repost!
Nope its the guns
Won't you think of the Mormon missionaries?
"Cause of course, they're not one of the best Dota2-clans out there, right?"
"My assumption is that they were paid ... and didn't want their friends to recognise them later, so they became hermits, grew beards and are now shaving off their disguises to allow their return to the moral part of Australia."
Sucks that women don't enjoy sex
Creatine will get you that big.
Tell him to put it through the window
If he didn't he's stupid and his opinion is irrelevant.
maybe you should have voted a little harder
"They obviously don't count, as they're not from the *real* America."
But his feelings might get hurt
No other guy has EVER talked like trump has to their friends.. no.. never..
he asked for it Later edit ca e plin de prosti pe reddit:
"im just going to complain everytime they shoot thugs that charge them, because black lives matter!"
The SWR meter is like the S meter so more is better.
Because it's new and scary and I don't like anything that's not the zelda formula D:
* One T6 in a T5 match up * 5 platooned players vs 4 platoon players * 5 of the same clan on a side vs pubs MM working as intended
"Wait, I thought he was born in Kenya"
"woow op, don't be such a beta!"
Don't you know that the government is better at deciding who needs that money than a church ever could be?
"Between that joke of a white paper and that A*STAR artist cunt, we must be so glad about our tax dollars at work."
Why is she sorry for that?
If only they had given those poor migrants more stuff none of this would have happened.
Hell while we are at it lets just make Tristana E not do damage to towers aswell.
Why dont they just modify the M2 Bradley?
They should be working to eliminate studies on gravity.... then we could all fly!
It's unbelievable stuff like this happens in NYC!
"Yeah, to bust citizens who store rainwater on their private property, duh."
Probably should've put
Thank God I'm dating my partner so they can't have sex with anyone they want.
* Visual Studio support native Mac OS development * Apple update their EULA to restrict developers to their tools * ... * PROFIT!
Hacks
"The price of health insurance rose and it's included in your benefits package, so in a way you did get a raise!"
But is there any stipulation on actually hitting the net?
Because Saskatoon is **so** gangsta.
"Yes, I'm sure *news.outlookindia.com* is a very reliable source on things that happen in Pakistan."
Isn't that the direction FP want the game to be in?
Clearly you nead to angle your amour more
"Yeah, I'm sure this happened....."
"That cop's such a creep, hugging little kids!"
You mean that city in Maine?
Don't make fun of Clay Matthews like that
TIL that Antonio Banderas is KKK.
Constructive criticism is constructive
"Who cares its just NASCAR, all they do is go around in a left hand circle chewing tobacco and drinking Bud Light"
Because corrins a flithy traitor
It's only ok when they say it
"Wow, if that's the case then I must be dating lots of girls."
You have to give me all of your money in game to unlock it.
Bikers would never act like dickbags in a large group!
Because being quiverful is joyful.
I too often formulate plans to maybe possibly kill some my allies that involve clumsily and painfully killing myself first
Not anymore mate
But they only play casual fake roles like support.
"place and time man, that was the pinnacle of CGI in 1999"
What would be really crazy is if it caused no issues and brought in big tax dollars...
This is an easter egg referring to how bad Jay-Z is.
"Yes, i'm sure the teams will play the game for reddits entertainment and not to win the game cleanly"
But I thought Canadian values didnt exist at all?
What caliber is it?
"Actually, it's Brandon Farmingweenies."
"Well, I'm convinced then..."
"Especially before the internet, and how it made everyone know everything by the time they were 23."
"No, no, we should want to do it cause she is down to one diaper"
Rightly said... Sir..
YOU must be NOT AMERICAN because you're a HUGE PUSSY
Segues are hard.
"Yeah, what's a couple of years of LCS experience when compared to a couple of years of permaban for ddosing"
Dropbox
Racist
"Cause fuck you im 15 mph over the speed limit, get off my ass."
It's his remix on for The Girl!
MODS RUIN GAMES!
"You know, if we bomb the refugees, there will be no refugee problem, as they will all be worm food."
Yeah totally same thing
"Sorry, dropped this"
Yeah this was with that last update.
Hippie commie blasphemer!
Yathink the Skywalker orchestra is that expensive?
Ya because carriers don't have data caps.
There should be a config for AS to make it more bareable.
But I want to be angry over the fact that my ship isn't as debatably cool as the new ones...
Mike is smiling up from heaven
Yeah I bet they like him for his personality
BUT THEIR IDEAS FOR FIXING IT ARE SO DAMN GOOD!
About time we got some variety of food in Itaewon
Nads out right
Cause Maryland was a catholic colony?
"Oh, but Atlanta's crime isn't a problem!"
Linked video is just great
"At this point, what difference does it make?"
"Fool, only the Khaleesi can be unburnt."
I forgot the
Wow 40 that's loads
I always wondered why people delisted from St Kilda vanish.
"Hey, you can't criticize Jews, that's anti-semitic!"
"Yeah, he certainly can't clear waves completely from level 4 onwards with1050 range!"
"Yeah, How dare you use your brain instead of believing blindly on a disjointed book of weird stories, mostly stolen from other cultures?"
"chip brown, #1 baylor insider"
"The White Sox played the whole season with no fans, why is this special."
Get your gender binary common sense out of here!
Will Smith must be your favourite actor.
YOU'RE JUST MAD BECAUSE I'M RIGHT!
White people cant be terrorists
"That was a clean, good football hit."
You must also have a large penis.
that exists?
You warlocks are always complaining about something!
Phoenix's wax sculpture looks so lifelike in this picture.
American conspiracy to lure Sweden and Finland to NATO.
"Yeah, there wouldn't be massive violence or massacres or anything."
But but religious freedom ?
The guy with the smug hat?
"They are probably conversing with each other, exchanging strategies in secret from big brother."
"Even if there are only 21 occurences of RG, the average lvl was probably above 10 hahahaha."
I think I forgot to color mine.. They are all still white.
*That* definitely gives their words more legitimate weight.
quality post bruh
I love that documentary..
Maybe you just haven't noticed it yet.
I'm sure the man is relieved
put in a ticket...
Glad we users are always the best antimalware
"Not to mention that SAO is the best one out there and Kirito is the real black swordsman, not the other lame guy, what was his name, Bowels?"
Even skinny neckbeards.
But that's not capitalism...
"Yeah, thoughtful, well articulated arguments like this we ill definitely prove to people that you're the guy they should be listening to."
You have their address... Send them a box of shit after you've eaten Taco Bell
What else did you expect from whisper?
I'm scared of Batman not his nancy sideDick
"Most value card in the game, duh"
I can see why they would find that wholly unimportant in the grand scheme of things.
You sound like a very intelligent person and have used a lot of cracks before.
Dont take any of his statements as straightup factuall The secret to a happy relationship
Like Phil Simms the commentating legend
wow good thing inferno is in the competitive pool
Would you be saying the same if the refresh updated the glowing logo to be RGB?
I thought they were russians...
U red a post on redit
"yeah, they'll never earn a hundred bucks to stand in a crown again."
"This is actually the revival issue of Pravda, where not only is the news censored and edited but the pictures are now too."
Maybe you should try downloading more ram.
kina uppfann faktiskt mycket inan eroperna.
"AP Alistar is godlike in mid now, didnt you catch the memo?"
The texture of the stone you start on is unique maybe?
Progenitus obviously
"Yeah, I would totally use that power to not ask this question on the Internet."
"But then they wouldn't be able to pay out bank for all the Boeing and Lockheed shareholders, and that would be terrible!"
You think it's funny because you're a damn dirty misogynist.
Gotta love the horseshoe theory.
I've heard they'll put the Vashj'ir raid in for 5.3
Please don't victim blame.
I'm going to go ahead and blame this on the capabilities of last gen consoles.
Heaven forbid someone doesn't like bacon.
"Oh, central planning like: * WW2 * Social Security * Medicare * Medicaid * The GI Bill All *huge* failures for central planning!"
"Because, you see Trump is high value which means the girl actually enjoyed the rape."
But what if I have to talk to actual people?
"If you stick clip a route, can you call it a lead ascent, considering you toprope the first moves?"
too much oval campaigning
Frodo is in a coma and its all in its head.
ofc they would lets go xx post it
Stop reading fake news!
"I remember when they let Germany suffer, that turned out well."
"no, out of seventy million players you are the only one cngratulations!"
"Yeah, fuck them for playing that class I don't like."
"Nah fuck historical accuracy, diversity is more important."
"His father ain't The Admiral, though."
"Yeah, it's not like people bring it up in every fucking Burzum or black metal thread on here, right?"
How do you install Civ 5 on the Wii?
Oh yeah the super magical and magical chests mean nothing
Only in Tamil Nadu
"Awww, police think they're people."
"Holy shit, some of them look like regular people!"
Bruce back in KISS confirmed!
She would if only Sanders would stop spoiling the race!
Some Muslim men cover their faces with facial hair
They soon will be if these Muslim terrorists keep taking their jobs!
How does one split many things into one?
That must work just wonderfully for you above rank 10
Dropped this:
Rosa Parks only sat in the seat once... MLK only gave the speech once... We only killed Hitler once...
I'm sure Christie privatizing the waterways will make this fight much easier.
"In this decade its known as ""Gainz""....Bro!"
but they have Andrew Luck so they are automatically a top 10 team by default.
"""GOSH IT'S LIKE THEY HAVE NO SENSE OF HUMOR ISN'T IT GUYS?!"""
Ray got his own tv channel?
"Yea, he looked real pissed."
[Ask either which way the other one would tell you to go and go the opposite way]
The Calgary players may not be pricks but calgarians are!
"Because everyone has unlimited minutes, right?"
"Can confirm, he was a freeloader in Hilltophoods this map"
Imagine if that was true.
But Bernie lost fair and square right guys?
"Wait, you're telling me that the majority of my taxes don't go towards lazy people getting free shit?"
While he is in town - maybe he can stop by the Guyer clinic and they can prescribe something for it.
"Quick, everyone downvote this because it adds to the coversation."
At least they didn't elect no terrorist into the white house
What more could he possibly have done?
"Somebody at riot prefer Dildos before math, that's not so crazy"
"Don't be foolish - our real problems start with anything remotely un-American, namely: Black Lives Matter, helping refugees, allowing Muslims into the US, treating non-whites as human beings, etc."
"Oh yeah, it's so 'merican"
Christ get off the internet grandpa
That's unexpected I always thought they blocked all sites on whims of politicians!
"Pop just didn't want to draw attention to our season, that's why he made us lose."
Name the first Anti-American Commie Fascist Atheist Muslim Kenyan president
"Yeah, poor countries are so *whiny*."
Real men are attracted to curves!
"Guns don't kill people, Obama kills people."
"You have an irrefutable argument, surely."
So 8.woof GHz right?
"I guess something may be seriously wrong with me too; 28, 20 lbs overweight and insulin resistant."
"Claramente eles estavam vendendo latas de refrigerante com 500ml, ela tava no lucro."
"But guys, I thought Kyrie was barely a top 5 point guard?"
"All the Jews that could pay there way out of Germany had capital meaning the Jews as a race got richer, think of all the good Hitler did"
"Hey man, we all got our playoff superstitions!"
"No, you're right, a multi-billionaire real estate mogul is not at all beholden to large banks."
"As a sovereign citizen of the land you don't have to pay anything, you just need to remember to say ""I don't wish to create joinder with you"" to any state officials."
So glad to be one of the lucky few
you forgot your
"Then you're wrong, and don't deserve to use any video editing software!"
Project M is starting to understand.
Not to mention the rest of the information is just coloured dots!
Rightfully so!
I would not stop there - what about a `!important-index(1)` .class{ z-index: 999 !important-index(1); } .important{ z-index: 999999 !important-index(99999999); } This would be fantastic!
Society would be objectively better off without retards and cripples.
"Yeah, some ACTUALLY noon friendly heroes include meepo, chen, rubick, and earth spirit"
"Yeah, it's not like he's actually accomplishing his goal of getting down voted."
Global warming isn't real
Then they DO cause autism!
He reminds me of the good ol' days in 1930's Germany
you could buy a used Langlitz for $600-$900.
"Yeah, don't you know that crippling trauma is the new black?"
One major flaw is that other corner.
Wait.. Why are you taking the elevator in the first place?
But I though he wasn't black enough?
Is saying she has man-hands mean spirited?
...what decent Muslim girl would be seen dead on a basketball court in the first place..?
"TappOut shirts don't grow on trees,bucko."
Yes please destroy our history and churches that took centuries to complete.
"NO, ME MID!"
"Yep, this franchise sure has has been full of luck over the years."
"No, I don't think he's Jewish."
He's playing?
"They're just a bunch of sluts, Jesus came here for the perfect people remember?"
"But he hasn't let up a TD in so long, the streak is still alive too."
It's for the greater good.
It was obviously a pile of shit
But.....women don't act that way....
"I mean, it appeals to half the demographic so why not?"
Actually this video just confirms my diagnosis of a classic case of narcissism and schizophrenia.
Nice title
don't cut yourself on all that edge
I should have put an
"Dispite the ""PS4"" logo on the top of the game case, you're clearly correct."
*REAL men don't need no manual*
Ugh how could I be so stupid
This just in the price of a cheese burger has skyrocketed.
Sex scene with Bruce
Not as much as facebook prayers
And here I thought communists were atheists.
Yeah that sounds like something he should be arrested over for sure.
But...but muh slavic brotherhood
"Cesar gave GSP's gloves a funny look, and security kicked him out of the building immediately."
"Right, sleazyness is totally cool in a president"
Oh I forgot this
We all know that that shoe is worth $5k
"The tax money was never yours in the first place, right?"
"Should have one of those stickers on it: ""Made in China"""
Yeah well we all know sex is immoral so it's better to have it look like rape for young people so that they don't destroy the holy bond of marriage by premarital sex
"Yeah, the blockchain isn't a reliable source... And all that VC money isn't public information... And obviously companies like Bitpay and Coinbase are just publishing fake information."
Yeah International football is such a time waste
Clearly it must have been a mistake
Stop ruining my unrealistic Hollywood expectations.
Yes KOO adapted to the cinderhulk real well.
Just blame the gringos.
Is that what the nursing home is making her say?
"Erdogan's masterplan is working greatly,fund ISIS and send them to any country who pisses you off"
do you know how hard it is nowadays to find slaves to pull my carriage?
Pretty sure it's in the rules that they can only have 2 black actors on screen at one time
People who care about the environment!
because religion is a flaw rite?
"Because the more stuff you throw in the more complicated it is to learn, which is automatically better and means the players are smarter and the strategy is deeper."
Yeah but what about traffic accidents?
I would assume so... NIU would never teach outdated material...
Must be some good pineapple for $32.
Terrorist activities do include posing for pictures with members of the opposition party and posting them on your Facebook.
send Eberle and we can call it a deal or Schultz
but Ghost slashed him first.
And that's totally the norm.
Wow.. It's almost as if he's a human with feelings and thoughts and not just a mindless drone.
"Oh man, fuck you and your Westy 12"
Good thing he didn't do something taken seriously in this city like run a red-light camera.
You forgot the
"You make some good points, I mean I run around with a swastika flag cause it doesn't mean nazi's to me but for some reason people get all offended and such, why can't they just understand it means some thing diffrent to me?"
You mean changing your profile picture and using the hashtag #NoTPPA *doesn't* make a difference?
I hope you dropped this:
You're blatantly wrong sir; my ethnicity is the direct cause of my inability to manage my money!
"Wrong tread, this is not about jnu"
bussian rias
but das racist!
But we created fast food so we are obviously fatter.
Yeah it's not like people make tons of accounts for no reason anyway
"That's probably because they are made of marble, real life Trajan wasn't made of marble."
That's a big breakfast!
That's why there were no ethnic tensions in the Soviet Union
kevin durants 150 dollar shoes
BECAUSE BIG GOVERNMENT CAN'T TELL ME TO DO SOMETHING THAT I SHOULD BE DOING ANYWAY HMPH!
why not repost it so everyone who missed it an hour ago has a second chance?
Uhm... how'd he get that approved in DTS?
"September's less talented half-brother called, he wants his cartoon back"
What about the 101st Airborne?
\#rekt you destroyed him now how is he ever going to go on with his life
"It was all a bunch of women conspiring against Bill Cosby too, because all any woman really wants to do in life is lie about being raped and get away with it"
"""mutually agreed upon to be moved to a later date"" yeah, sure"
"But it brings awareness, which is as good as money."
BUT TANKS ALSO CLICK TO SHOOT !
BUT ALL HUMAN LIFE IS SACRED
"Yes, also explain all other strategy you're going to use on her"
We should review it and then have the fans decide.
Because he's an unprecedented deep threat
He just wanted to do some plumbing work.
"No, because property norms are inherent and objective parts of reality"
"Kat, quit being a bitch and people will have lunch with you"
you dropped your
idk...I'd argue planting a tree 9 years ago would've been better than starting now...
"Nope, live"
I laughed when OW as original game cause god knows its a copy of paladins
He had a paper cut on his little finger bruh...
THANKS OBAMA
Because people totally play Pokemon for the graphics.
She's so OP when trained that she's a level higher than everyone else
They have October.
That's a Subaru not a dodge
I love mounting my gpu vertical so I can see it the most too!
Saskatchewan
"*Almost*, it's a good thing that doesn't really happen."
"Welp, cancelling pre-order, worst game ever"
"Only 41 stars in the sky though, missed opportunity."
Earthworm?
Because penis makes people evil.
As long those African countries aren't gay.
Looking for the
"3 GMs in the top 10, talk about a pay off"
TOTALLY NOT ESPIONAGE
"Why should gargoyles be able to die, it's Visage's ult for Christ's sake"
"Yeah, so let's just let it die off and ignore its existence to halt the momentum of any revival efforts."
Tits prime still better have peekable booty or I'm not gonna buy the PA and create several threads asking for a Saryn [booty] Buff
Oh ya the Feds will definitely get right on that
"But wait, I thought Obama was only elected because he was black!"
Not gonna get tired of dat windows movie maker
Only the most upstanding individuals commit fraud.
Mariota to 49ers rumors engaged
Weeds
"Nice try, fake ex-moose."
"I know when I see human rights violations, I'm super casual about it."
Didn't see that coming.
I totally see trump doing this.
Shame on me for letting my girlfriend of 11 years pay the bills
Yeah all those pads and helmets are real tough!
"Remember everyone, it's all a big scam, no work is being done, sky is falling and so on"
"We get it, you smoke."
Still too blocky.
My Rift is safely stored in Oculus warehouse.
Who needs proof when all you need is faith
Security feature like electric fence
Fuccbois always classy
Please remove the wax and repost with arrows.
"Gee, now that I've seen my heroes in my favorite TV shows torture the bad guys and see how the ends clearly justify the means I guess it isn't so bad if the government does it too!"
How can the word of God possibly be flawed?
"Lol, as if that would ever happen."
Creationism
"Sorry, I forgot my"
"That's why when you're super paranoid, you type it into the safari URL bar the copy paste it into imessage, so easy!"
But white people can't be discriminated against!
you forgot the
Great job preparing for this Oculus!
"Oh good, the current building was getting old"
something something doesn't leave room for skimming off the top!
Fake it till you make it bro
Zuko is the worst one.
"Yeah, everyone who plays ironman just for fun is playing it wrong"
I think you dropped this;
Breathing up all the white cats air with their big noses
you forgot the
Well she's a woman so she's obviously lying.
I'm hoping you dropped this
"Yeah, why doesn't he just go ahead and sell trump tower while he's at it?..."
"oh boy, playing Jordas Verdict has never been so fun!"
All the pretty things.
Because everyone can predict down to the second what will happen to them so they can plan everything perfectly
"Well, I've *basically* already sold my soul to them whats else to lose?"
You clearly didn't understand what he was asking...
"Yup, cuz this is representative of everything else they've written."
People do get a little bitter when you re-iterate what you did to their mom
"You're right, the part of the American justice system that manages copy right is also the same people who deploy the army and handle foreign policy"
"Brett Favre could do it, I guess Peyton just isn't elite enough."
"So, they gave Obama a pass - what a coincidence and not liberal media bias at all"
"Fine, we'll throw in Avisail too"
yeah cause were gonna max him.
"TEST would like to recruit good pilots, you were able to crash so you have an invite!"
I need some medical cocaine!
A school bulldozed because of a mass shooting there the year before?
"Trick already played it in LCS, he just got the wrong build, he should have go for Ap Udyr"
Definitely not pro bowl material
B/c a game 7 is worth nothing
"As long as he's feeling lucky, the gobblegum will work"
Im glad that the AJC is continuing their policy of ignoring basic syntax and spelling errors.
"yes, because feminism is the answer to solving all the worlds ills"
Don't you know gay guys can only like Sanders
"Your oppressing all those women's tender sensibilities with your unsightly ""flap of skin"", don't you know."
"lol at all those dumb people walking, being all fit and healthy"
Wow what quality advice by a guy named auschwitzgangbang
"Yeah fuck that guy from just about managing to avoid death, who does he think he is!"
Yorick of course
Explains Mexico
Actually I think you'll find that it is impossible to measure FOV so clearly they are lying
"We should all pay the government 100% of our paycheck, and they should provide our necessities to ensure the money isn't spent on addictions."
Mongolian Throat Singing
Shocking!
It's a steak of color racist!
"No way dude, I played three years of little League and could easily leap off this couch, throw on catchers gear, catch 150+ games a season, and maintain cat-like reflexes."
Only reason okc won
Renault ... ?
"Damn, they really took not reaching the subscriber goal hard"
Sounds like a great way to bond with your cat
Comey better watch out for gym equipment.
"I know, those absentee ballots are such a whore!"
IGN 10/10 jounalism
The Consti- what?
I see we have a freedom hater here.
Nope can't let black kids ever be fairly judged or else it's just for publicity and ratings.
Bush did 9/11 confirmed
"After being sent there by reddit, not self-selection bias in the slightest"
Who cares if a foreign government hijacked our election when someone used emails!
"Yeah, because in those days people lived to be hundreds of years old you moron."
Straight into the set right
The real question does in come in gold or space grey!
omg yes and we can have a tank the size of reborn too
"Hey guys, I posted a meaningless platitude which totally shows that no problems exist at all and that a populace that constantly votes against their own interest *are* really in touch with reality."
Ha right dumb nerds knowing things and shit
yes
It's a little biased
"Integrated is good enough for 24fps, so I don't see the point of this."
*Shrouded Nerscylla.
What about Benjen?
No it's obviously your fault he was released.
Lol that's alright then.
EDMW
Na sol is bolonced doode just cc her and shes dead m8
"Yeah, the recent leaks are just a right wing conspiracy!"
"In a window box, obviously!"
"yeah, seeing an opportunity to make money, and doing so, fucking ridiculous"
Racist jokes...I'll start.
"I hope you rot in hell, heathen."
"Shut up, Megatron."
I am both shocked and saddened by this unpredictable turn of events.
"No, it's totally HFCS's fault I'm a lardass who consumes 3500 kcal a day whole sitting on my ass!"
I'm glad the Eagles don't have anyone that tweets without thinking.
Make it legal to murder smokers and overweight people.
You're missing this
Yeah because Monte is the only one to have any knowledge on OGN and Monte have all the time in the world to write article for Lolesport.
I'll apply the sarcasm tag for you.
Against the laws for the plebs that is
But they knew those plays!
0/10 needs more altri
Yell at the developers for being indie and elect EA as your new microtransaction overlord
"Oh yeah, just look at YouTube!"
"They don't need to learn anything else, anymore, because they've already got a medical degree!"
You forgot the
I thought it was a raid mechanic until a bought a PS4.
like drinking coca cola like a fuckin libtard?
Good save.
"SEXIST PIG, HOW DARE YOU"
he a damn communist
Real men squawk 7700 to show dominance.
4 - He hacks at majors.
Because all men are evil scum and aren't worth anything beyond being sperm donors
how dare you objectify them like that you oppressor
"Yeah, Axe and Darius have really similar kits...."
Yea I mean just people calling on your personal phone and telling they're gonna come to your home address Who would ever take it seriously
Well *you* try packing all that power into a truck and driving it to every customer!
If they ever do I'm sure you can provide crucial information on how to run those kinda teams
"Yeah, but they don't have to *say it*."
Capitalism loves chaos right?
"No, i meant i'm sorry you're from New Zealand"
"""Some are saying""... WELL FUCK 'EM THEN, NUKE EVERY INCH THEY SET FOOT ON"
"I know right, those people can't be trusted, they should be required to carry special id and kept in one place, like a camp or something, so they can't endanger American's interests."
I recommend you put a
Nah....Dee is much stronger.
"Man, RLM sure do hate F1."
They should have a community driven contest to decide the new name!
Is that bridge famous?
"They're mini-light sabers, get it right!"
This.
Him and his younger brother to keep him happy.
"Offensive is my trigger word, you shitlord!"
Better vote for Hillary so she can rein in on this kind of stuff.
"What oh man haha I can't believe they only wanted their oil level checked, I totally believe that."
Wins elections like a charm though!
Yes no one could ever do that with lulu.
The only people who don't vote for my candidate are ignorant retards!
Girls with huge knockers are gonna be offended.
"Oh no, sell him now!"
Walk around a truck stop knocking on driver's doors.
Pay to win!
I can shoot a lot of deer with that.
They were so right with their info!
I understood the
It's the eyes
Wow OP...get ready to be downvoted to hell
Anti-semite!
My testimony is strengthened!
But Right to Work gives us jobs...
Wow never seen this on here.
"They aren't stateless, they are members of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, surely they will be welcomed with open arms after defeating the entire middle east and western world with no support or advanced weaponry..."
"In 2016 the Filipinos lost the Philippines when their president was duped into visiting China, with a promise of a steaming bowl of Congee and unlimited dimsum."
TIL fantasy and sci-fi are mutually exclusive
"Yeah, OP hasn't cooked away all of the juicyness"
How else are women supposed to relate to the show?
Congratulations on contributing something meaningful to this conversation.
"Yes, I got implants that flop like that."
"Well, we are explorers."
Eye dont c whats rong wit dis.
#jiggshate
"Accomplishments and self-worth are not as important as being pretty, of course."
"Or maybe build a new PC, you know, for these cold winter nights that the fireplace is not warming your house enough!"
All cases are ugly anyway
Definitely *Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas*.
"Wow, what an awesome fucking deal."
"Don't call it chiraq, its totally safe and the city's history of corruption and violence is totally in the past because divvys or something"
You forget the
just wait for the update s87 is going to be much better
Charlemagne.
"I've had to avoid certain streets while driving; needless to say, my life is in shambles"
How dare these people die and have people feel bad for them and their families!
America needs a 25 kill streak.
"Thanks for clearing up, we weren't too sure about you!"
"Right,they only got beaten by Iceland."
"Well that's easy, we just need more surveillance!"
"Well, obviously this the reason illegals need to be able to get driver's licenses."
No we need to make fun of this 12 year old for going through what we all went through
"There are more important things than human rights, like building the dang fence!"
"Oh, that futurama guy?"
"Oh man, I bet your stinging comment really caused some serious introspection."
At least she wont look like a faggot for her last year of living.
She has the internalized misogyny.
that was sarcasm... But I guess people are too young on this sub to understand that... My bad next time I will do
Better hope the Texan government doesnt invade Texas because of military drills.
"""Are you on your period?"""
I'm sure him adding a dollar sign to the end of the movie name is really what sold it
"She's not Holly, Meisha, Cyborg or Rhonda so GTFO"
That's cool don't reply or anything
Obviously not a troll.
"You heared it guys, lets best imprison, torture and humilate tens of innocent, instead of freeing one guy who is guilty."
What's a headphone jack?
I... I feel like you forgot the
Well to be fair it worked well in the mac-vs-pc ads...
reddit gold
"Yeah, but fuck those teachers' unions, amirite?"
"Yeah, 2 1/2 years is way to long for a game to be in development..."
With an ally like that who needs terrorists?
Well there's certainly no way that OP or anyone else in this thread would lie about this kind of stuff to pander to the anti-christian sentiment that pervades the larger subreddits just for karma...
learn to play man you surely pushed some buttons something something
"Too OP man, thats a 1 hit kill from behind"
"Thanks for focusing me on what's important, saving money."
Neither is Wall
4D Chess
When is it okay to touch?
Gas and Electric of course !
I forgot an
This footage is full of CULTURAL APPROPRIATION
proof that game theory is correct about the toad theory
Cuz they only want people who pay a lot for cable to watch the commercials.
But a screaming brat is just SOOOO important
"Absolutely not, everyone must conform to my opinions!"
Battleship or Submarine... they won't know the difference.
abs?
"Right, because before the series that won't even get movies, Star Trek wasn't very popular at all."
# RACIST
Hmm yeah I wonder why?
At least you still have flamestrike.
you don't know you weren't there!
Pay someone with AIDS a shitton of money and let them work there.
think he forgot
Rabble rabble so angry
Dude KD would totally sign the vet minimum
"Yeah, totally leave him in the cage and let them put him down."
he's a meh player tbh
"No way, he's a creative fucken genius."
451 balls deflated - 377 games manipulated - 9 punishments avoided
How about the guy who directs Sherlock!
"Yeah, let's remove the dust2 mid doors wallbang too"
oh yea im actually thinking that they will raise the salary to 5 million/year per player like in football because... reasons
"Ah, but then I wouldn't be healthy because I wouldn't be able to get all the vitamins and minerals."
yeah they should just lay down and die or accept their fate maybe even get little stickers for them to wear
Never
didn't you know roblox has those?
Funny how he drives a Japanese car... Traitor... doesn't he remember Pearl Harbor?
"Here, you dropped this:"
"Haven't you heard of the term ""mad doctor"" before?"
United Airlines will charge extra if you're wearing clothes.
"Yes, no one is more interested in protecting the rights of others than someone who doesn't have them themselves."
"Is this how foreigners ""make Canadian jobs""?"
"no see you don't understand, the REAL issues are the ones that affect straight people."
I'm pretty sure this one isn't a kit car.
"So are we going to hear about how they should have been able to glide to an airport, or is that only reserved for a Cirrus chute pull?"
You mean all of those hashtags can't be piled together to create a giant filter and fix the problem?
"Look at all those thin people in developing countries, they're so privileged."
"Yeah, they're really working hard on making themselves and society better."
Just remember to take smite!
"No no, that's the unaccompanied children that are popping up as refugees all over Europe"
Have you tried flashing CM yet?
Religion is such a beautiful thing!
"Well, that's a surprise."
Fake.
It's a white one they put in the wrong tube.
"Donivan, he had great stats in the MLS"
Hiphop is boring dawg where da trap at...Brb smoking penises
If only we had a candidate who's been president 6000 times.
I bet it bothered him alot.
I blame Obama
"They don't have sails, do they?"
"Yeah, forgiven is such a great team player"
Its government and all people who are involved with government must be doing something illegal?
4-0 is better than 87-0
But it's such an important cause.
Dude I just really miss the amazing voice actresses of the outers from the North American dub
Because then none of it is real!
Nobody need *them*.
"Everyone knows that when you become an employee of the state, your brain fuctions change to make you unable to make poor decisions, it is an inherent part of nature"
Thanks for that insightful comment.
Hearthstone has very very little RNG
"Yeah, our governments should congratulate Putin for invading Ukraine."
"Surely you meant ""dick"" at the end."
"Yeah, that's why Dortmund were so shit"
See; Titanic
se les cayo el
link karma is for srubs
Because you should obviously cut out nice real life friends because they are douches online
"Oh, time to go spam kayle"
"""Yeah, but what did he do to get hit?"""
Umm the pirate bay?
"Don't you know, telescopes aren't about the gathering of light, they're just about magnification!"
That's racist!
...because the patriarchy derp
"If it didn't actually happen, then how could they have filmed it?"
Ah yes mustache mouses don't require mouse pads of course
global warming?
Could this fact not be proof that vaccinations cause mild retardation?
"Oh, how the tables have turned; that skaters need to beware of LARPers."
It's a class on Statistics!
"Idk, Killer is pretty hard"
Only like 3 people I've actually heard of... What a showcase of superstars
"Yeah can't wait till the seahawks have rainbow haired, blubbernaughts as cheerleaders."
"Just trust them, they have all of our best interests in mind."
But there are no guns in Chicago...
"If he wanted the Germans to win so much, maybe his grandfathers shouldn't have sat out the war...?"
What a great way to run things
If you think you can't get this physique without juicing then I feel bad for you lol.
It's progressive when non radical islamist women kill people.
But inviting someone over for a dinner party at your home is the same thing as someone you don't know breaking and entering into your home while you're not there!
Easier to come make a new thread here.
Something has to fill the cocaine bucket when it runs low.
I hope you forgot to put
very good words that make me question life as we know it...
Forgot
"Well, Jesus did bleed out the Constitution while on the cross."
She's just that smart.
"Also I prefer Gender Extremists...the word ""t********"" is extremely triggering to me and implies that Muslim PoC are somehow a threat"
"Considering that basically all my karma is from SRD, I think that applies to me too."
Sorry... forgot the
"If you eat something and no one is around to see it, the calories don't count!"
WE WANT DUBSTEP NOT THIS DISCO SHIT!
DAE book master race?
"Naa avoid, you'll get the herps from the cinema seats."
"Nah, it was a long term strategy, BM and put the opponent on tilt!"
Yeah my least favorite thing about this subreddit is shit posts about how some aspects of this fetish are seen as racist and how people should stop participating in that.
You're so cool man.
"God damn, no spoiler tag?"
Because Africans were not fucking dumb back then (or nowadays)!
Learn to dodge then
"Take a picture of you wearing every shirt you own, obviously"
It boggles the mind...
Because everyone has a computer that can run Skyrim.
Are real animals banned too?
But I thought they were disrespected?
Up its definitely those suction cups that are doing that
"Yeah, you sound like you want to have a reasonable discussion about it."
Down voted for making a good point.
"Also, you can only learn from complete games of League of Legends."
And they should blow up when stepped on.
Checkmate atheists.
gay
"Reynad didn't just invent zoo, he invented Hearthstone"
A champion with a 3-stack mechanic
Missing a
"North Carolina Mccrory recount = bad, Leftie recount = good"
"""I was literally raped."""
"Well, women *are* primarily for looking at and don't have any need for carrying things of value, right?"
i was doing drugs way before it was cool...
I'm sure Sagan would approve of your response
And stealing Super Bowls.
"Yeah, and while they're at it why not just only hire white people, since white people are clearly better."
I'm surprised that there isn't a response already!
It's their fault they're not Titans of Industry already!
But being fat doesn't effect others!
Apparently patch 1.2 = Blood and Wine
"""Bloke"" nothing like name calling to get your point across"
or tip para kay abaya.
Can't wait to hear the obligatory Jags are moving to London comments.
"Don't worry, pretty sure his tv can upscale 360p in a 1:2 ratio."
Must have been pretty ugly if staring at him made him cry.
you forgot the
"Well, since the Pats have never scored with under 7 minutes left and no 12-4 2nd seed has ever won the SB, I guess we're on to 2016"
"Yeah, I love eating kimchi while watching boxing too"
"Yea why equip Shiva on top mages so they can get ra spells, right?"
I'm so glad to see my tax dollars making sure these highly dangerous criminals are locked up
Maybe raising everyone's taxes will help
Gotta get that quick AdSense YT money though brah
Here have a downvote
Your phone auto-sends pictures too?
"Just like Konami does, which is why Yu Gi Oh is so much bigger and more successfulthan Magic"
You forgot the
"Finishing a half marathon in 2 years isn't that good a time, buddy."
"small, medium, large"
"Nah mate, she's a middle class doctor so it's acceptable"
omg guys this is getting soooooo boring
"Oh you are right, all parents ought to give their 10 old children assault weapons for Christmas presents."
here you can have mine
"Yeah because the US goverment is completley paralized now that the Smithsonian and the Park Service are closed and only the DOD, CIA, DIA, NSA, Dept of State, Supreme Court, Congress, White House are left operating."
Just like in the campaigns
This is creepy as fuck
Everywhere that isn't LA
"RCM, we need to talk."
"Maybe they don't know much about WoW, and just looked up a cool character"
Stem
"because, obviously, bullets shot by women deal less damage than by men"
Oh yeah he shows Bjergson who's boss...
The FCO advice makes it sound like the tourist destination of the year!
Beta as fuck.
"Cause they're dangerous, silent, assassin tools and you wouldn't need them unless you wanted to kill babies!"
BUT HOW DID THEY MAKE FEMALE CHARACTERS?
If only he had tied it higher and drove away faster it woulda worked out perfect
just be a ddoser and you can win all games and play normals
Thick AF
great post
YAY more middle management!
Nah m8 since it's already almost too toxic to have 20 stacks anyway
I thought he was saving tech for NCR and if he loses there for EVO obviously.
"Right, because all those people making $30k a year now are driving rents up higher than their entire monthly income!"
Thanks for making the text so very easy to read.
get off ur high horse we cant all be employed
"I can't think of a better solution to financial problems than abolishing the Fed, can you?"
"He donated to the Clinton Foundation, so he's obviously in her pocket."
[Goetia?]
i doubt they could demolish that freeway.
"BECAUSE DRAGONBALL IS ABOUT FIGHTING AND NOT CHARACTERS, YOU IDIOT"
UGH HOW DARE YOU INSULT GLORIOUS MLS DOWNVOTE
That's how much **courage** costs these days
That's going to help her grow up well-balanced and happy isn't it?
Don't you mean an Anonymous mask?
"Yes, flying nuclear-capable bombers right next to another country, in the middle of a political confrontation, has nothing to do with war or military threats."
4.5?
Oh I thought you were throwing shade at MisterWives
Big wrench or tiny hands?
I think he means less Croatian
"Yes, because some people may disagree about whether a particular individual is a tyrant, there are no such things as tyrants."
"The game crashes to desktop when you try to pick up wounded soldiers or end a turn under certain conditions, which is really fun for my campaign"
"Wow, look at this white knight"
"Psh, she's asian, that means she's by definition a martial arts expert!"
You must be fun to be around
"Wolves, ay we?"
Give them your neighbour's address and watch from afar.
I'm sure he needed lots of convincing...
"Yeah, fuck that guy!"
Probably called him an Uncle Tom who doesn't know he's voting against his own interests and that they need to vote for Democrats who aren't racist.
"Plot twist, he's black and gets shot"
"Here, you forgot your"
"Awesome, now I can watch TPM again!"
Your iPhone?
"""he never said those things"""
You can't be from the Balkans and be gay at the same time.
000webhost
But the girl had sex with an underage boy
PFF.. We Scouts take that health pack because NO otha' class is better or more important then us!
NORV TURNER FOR OC
You forgot the
Are you sure it wasn't a groceries reference
"They serve food on trains, right?"
Stunningly factual reply.
You mean NiKo right?
"Yep, because all refugees are terrorists"
Yeah that's totally gay
"Yeah I know, there's 20 games they couldn't win, what a bunch of lazy bastard."
The only logical explanation is that the polls are fixed
"What are these ""Weapon Parts"" you speak of, good sir?"
"They're not corrupt, they're just big business, and we need to support big business so we can have the American dream."
"If you ignore that Ashe got nerfed after that.... yes, nice job Riot."
"Looks more like RS3 than OSRS, downvoted."
Is that ExGon's profile
I bet they curl up in an embryo position and cry because you don't invite them anymore to eat *nothing*.
"Yes, he abandons it so much that were only 3rd in rushing yards for the whole league instead of first like last year."
"Hey... Allah is the one true God and anyone who doesn't believe that should be killed...oh and by the way if you criticize my belief that you are the enemy and should be killed, you are an islamophobic racist"
But at least the kids are learning to fight poverty and concepts of beauty instead of using drugs and having sex
no tears?
Gotta have somebody between the mainland and those damn Frenchies.
"Of course they are, genitals are shameful creations of the devil!"
Really glad I sold my extra Gideons like the day before this announcement
Taurus
"Yeah, my pecs are always pumped as fuck after deads."
Of course the ONLY explanation is that there are now three times more users.
"Everyone always wants to know that a total stranger is about to orgasm to their picture, right?"
Heathen!
Must be why your win% is shit
The human eye can only see at 30 FPS though!
"Back off, he's mine~!"
"To be fair, the gays are here to destroy the traditional family."
#THE GREEN FROG IS A WEAPON WHITE SUPREMACISTS USE TO COMMUNICATE HATE SPEECH ON THE INTERNET
No...didn't you know the Wild Rose party say's cig smoke does good things.
What a surprise!
"But since it's through the bottom rope, and it's NXT, it's awesome and better than any suicide dive in WWE."
Not to mention that there's gonna be plenty of new water coming in the next 20-30 years as the ice caps continue to melt.
"Ya no way they will use Blizzcon to do main client releases, its just another day."
"You're welcome :-) You guys would do the same for us when America decides to come stomping down our door, right?"
"Oh, everybody downvote the guy who is honestly voicing his feelings towards the video in an innocent manner because his opinion is slightly out of balance with the hivemind."
"Nonetheless the Anchor has beaten the Orion, so nerf the anchor"
I'm sure placing more money and power into the hands of the federal government will vanish all of the corporate-government corruption in DC.
But something something you can't be racist towards white people because something something PatriarKKKal repooplicans something something
my life is now complte
Yea but where the free stuff?
"Omg you're right, op should praise you for your superior knowledge and experience and discredit any and all work he has done or seen unless it's yours."
But he didn't do it in Europe!
Bitter Lakers fan!
It's not like companies have ever bullied their employees by threatening to shut down if politician X gets elected.
"I'm not sure guys, it doesn't look photoshoped to me"
How funny
ahem its Thackeray you bourgeois pig
"yeah, she made an illegal right turn and smelled of alcohol; the Guard should have waved her on"
Western individualism is just evolving...
Beautiful 480p too!
totally unplayable...
HEY IT'S THE CONCEPT ALRIGHT!
"It's not necessary, but you'll likely die"
Yea having your work copied and taken credit for is great
"And XJ9 too, while we're at it?"
"Well, we already have Maori seats in parliament so why not?"
I thought that was amazing.
Not even once?
Yeah but lawyers are pencil necked dweebs.
I too only started caring about qualification after I found out the cabinet will be diverse.
They have to give extra yards for Elliot to rush so they can call him the greatest ever.
I guess you're much more progressive than me.
"What is your full name, date of birth and credit card number?"
omg no your a typical case of internalized homophobia.
Just try harder
"Yeah man, cuz everyone knows amendola has a history of concussing players and shredding ACL's"
"Be careful, that's borderline racism..."
This must be why other developed nations always apply this method.
B-but the Kiev are the good guys!
I wonder why people think these redditurds are creeps...
I really think op and her bf can live happily ever after if he just lets go of his unfounded jealousy....
Dude that's oppressive
"That's where everyone went wrong, they kept their money in when they found out it was a Ponzi scheme."
"Goddamnit stop directing people to my main, People go play Annie mid she's freelo and hidden op"
"So true, savings $10 on a tank of gas makes me want to just get out of the house and drive around the city for fun...."
No way man totally getting screwed
dont lose.
"Zeus following nip , nip zeus confirmed"
Is this a new autopilot feature - if you get sick it will drive you to the nearest hospital?
Bu...but....that's not nearly as profitable than the current method.
But don't worry guys; the religious texts 3 or 4 times this old are perfect translations of your god's words...
You forgot the
"That's a Javelin Class Destroyer, not Bush."
Ma poi pubblicano le notizie sull stampa?
And it will be a clear indicator that American audiences just don't care about anime adaptations!
"Yes, this is exactly what Apple fans were saying when the Mac vs PC commercials were airing."
I think he just forgot his
the driller killer?
"Yes, thats why he is the head coach of Cavs"
"Yeah not criminals, cameras are because all cops are terrible people."
"C'mon, everyone knows Scorpion has a teleport."
The track record of appointments of this govt has been par excellence so I can totally see where you got your confidence
That blast crater is smaller than I expected.
"It's endgame 10/10 if you don't have those materials by then, then they're not for you"
"You're right, since it's not there at launch, there's no way they'll ever add it in later"
I wonder why
"Cause it was the last one, duh."
More MMOs with everything instanced is exactly what the MMO world needs.
"Pretty weird that this thread isn't banned yet, seeing as how XT is an altcoin and is off topic."
yeah but that would be age-ist
"I love these posts where they play some game and their name is a h3h3 reference, so fucking funny XDDDDDDD"
According to a girl on my facebook changing genders is as easy as changing clothes.. So obviously ur comment isnt factual
"*"" Why does the world hate us so much, we have the right to defend ourselves you know and everyone who hates us is anti Semitic""* -Israel"
Then obviously he should be fired because gays don't deserve jobs and if you're paying that gay then you're supporting homosexuality and jesus hates you for that.
Not sure how it'd be that much different from them playing COD
"Yeah, the media is going to jump on a story about a Christian threatening an Atheist"
"Brigham Young didn't lead anyone astray with that, he only prevented millions of people of African descent from enjoying the blessings of the temple, which in turn probably caused many more to not want to join the church to begin with... But it's not like he made anyone go astray!"
"Yep, that completely makes sense."
"And as we all know, militaries are stronger when soldiers don't meet the requirements to fight!"
"Rondo, we need another point guard"
And then hang their corpse from the light post as a warning to others.
No they're being used for 128 tick servers in Source 2
I guess the driver just has a cold heart.
"Yeah, makes it easier to read."
But what if my internet gets disconnected while playing?
But what if they recognized your handwriting?
"You are crazy, how can you say that, you history nerd?"
I'm sure no such thing happened between the Roosevelt presidencies
Apparently not a white one
Iron man chest piece is wrong... 0/10.
Try this next time:
"It's ok though, I heard that if it's legitimate then women have a way to shut that whole thing down."
But OP looks like a ricer!
"Apache Chief and Samurai aren't even real fucking characters, but I guess they're closer to real than any woman."
Sounds like a fantastic place to grow up.
"No, see, Sanders is going to use his impeccable speaking and consensus-building skills--better than Obama's even--to do better than Barack Obama did on every issue."
"See, if only Hillary spoke in inferences and slogans, and called every lie sarcasm like Trump it would have been on the level"
Are you unemployed or something?
I mean it's no Homerun
If your taste aren't the same as mine you just aren't smart enough to understand them
"Didn't you know, every software engineer is a transcended genius the company is LUCKY to have"
thanks for being a troll on a comment made 2 month ago.. you look very very smart
"Yeah, Bush was the first person ever to say that."
Too bad he couldn't turn the clock back to 2006 when he would get every call.
"Because turning over control of literally everything to people who have no interest in even performing at an acceptable level, due to guaranteed subsidies and no-bid contracts, are going to do *such* a good job."
"Clearly, they meant to express their political dissastisfaction with the policies of Israel"
yeah i know how those christians hate NASA
"No you're not, you don't have LEDs"
"Not from the Tesla CPO site, you could always try eBay"
Pixar is CGI?
Yeah because everyone in the south is a backwards ass bigot.
"such dominant, so persuade, wow"
"Wrong subreddit bro, you should post this on r/WTF."
New meta: complain about hand/wrist/arm injury after bad performances
Yea but we all know how much the RNC peruses Reddit.
At my high school a group of kids shot a deer and left it on the band's trailer... hilarious.
Your biased research can say whatever it wants but I feel a million times safer carrying a loaded gun everywhere.
Well let's deregulate and become like Mexico then
"She'll be a good, and faithful wife"
I really thought Iowa would make it to the playoff
"Sure I'll give some random internet person an account that I payed with my own money, so they can do whatever they want with it"
Sooners obviously represent the white man stealing native american land and therefore should not be idolized.
"they better be ralph lauren polo shirts, and those real ones too, otherwise no deal"
"Indeed, the pain is growing"
Muslims aren't doing enough about ISIS
you posted the wrong side
Which one of our many amazing AMs are you talking about?
No the world revolves around America didn't you know?
Probably how good the game play will be as well on ps vr
"You forgot one part though, they coded the map rotation the same way they coded the vault space so it's literally impossible to add any more at this point."
"Ah the ""how to tell this Is suicide hard demon"" song Seriously Cataclysm Blood bath Sonic wave"
"Ah, and you know how much I love compliments."
NA would always lose then
the comments under the article indicate their readership consists of only putinbots or the british are not falling for western narrative.. it has to be putinbots
Too early in the morning to tweet the games out
yeah but only in japan
I think you forgot to add
Central planning is good when brought about by the free market.
How dare you base medical policy on statistics?
Tell me about the Osama Bin Laden behind the headlines.
BUT... VIOLENCE!
After 3 minutes of checking your past comments; yeah you're totally not toxic.
Says lot about those gods now doesn't it
Oh no the liberals are out to get me!
Don't steal my nick!
Funny.......
Haile's Bitch Slime
Leave brother Tommy alone!
"its actually pretty good, i jam to it when i work out."
Attach dumbbells to either end of your steering wheel to give your forearms a good workout
Its*
Yeah because we should be blaming Dempsey for not getting one past Courtois instead
"Die less, problem avoided"
"Yeah, fucking someone that looks pre-pubescent is SO much better"
Broken straightsword better be the new meta with these buffs or riot
And the pope doesn't know what he's talking about either.
but human eyes can only see 0.000002 fps
"""It's just gallows humor though"""
But... it's just so easy to call the Patriots cheaters...
Putting that it's not an April Fools joke to cover up that it actually is... Good one OP.
"No, like in 10 years 2005!"
If I don't have god mode the moment I log in then combats been nerfed way too far.
"Yes, because Alabama is superior to Texas when it comes to higher education..."
"Yeah, I say nigger all the time then I wonder why people say I'm racist."
Because Islam is the religion of peace!
I'm a 16 yo graphic designer with no work on my portfolio and I know I can do better than that screenshot I would show you but my computer is far away and I'm not sure if my paint license expired
What there are downsides to heavy government regulation?
But how can I be unique unless I'm contrarian about everything!
"No no no, Bush started that recession!"
Bohrok MasterRace
How dare anyone challenge her right to the throne
"Oh no, it could go on your Permanent Record!"
TIL *everyone* from my city goes to clubs and dances
Yeah!
Yeah we know it's not Washington they said Washington D. C.
Stop the woman blaming
"Well of you ever decide to rob and beat someone, you can rest assured it won't be your fault."
"Wow, what an amazing win for civil rights!"
I'm going to copy those pictures and make them my own and tell people I took them.
"HAHAHAAHA LOL ""MURICANS r FAt AND DONT EXERCISE HAHAHAHA LOL"
"It is all going to be cleared up in one week, I promise next week it, whatever the ""it"" is will be delivered and the candidate Hillary Clinton will be out."
"Yes, every high school kid is just dying to try meth."
You must be quite the ladies' man.
Pretty sure Harrison ford is an A-lister.
I absolutely hate developers for expanding too.
ahh the calibre of reddit comments have been improving of late
Yes metal in a microwave is the same as ink on an ssd... I presume you have a degree in computer science with that logic
CHRISTMAS THEMED NEW ANIMATRONICS CONFIRMED
"That is like, 36 games when the summer sale hits!"
"It's okay, some black people said they don't give a shit."
where's your (reckless) sense of adventure?
"No biggie, he just gotta have one 2-goal game if he keeps scoring at this pace."
But reddit is upset because democrats are deciding who represents the democratic primary That means that is totally logical and in line with the nation rigjt
"You see, those are clearly labelled and minors do not have access to them, whereas video games are *clearly* for kids."
Going to an old friend's graduation party after her grandma and cousin died recently.
Manage your resources with the Brown Battalion!
Because that is the only field of employment in geology.
Golden RAT
better to position your children and retainers in the various groups that decides what happens to that money.
Preparing for the playoffs!
"You should probobly just play til you win back the money you lost, THEN stop."
Won't be laughing when we build that yuge wall through the Great Lakes bud.
He got a better experience with Uber.
Yea because new residents don't have to pay taxes which explains why we would need so many new ones when they arrive.
Clever move disclosing the email address it was sent to as well.
There are only 2 ports?
"Hey, *I* am the only user worth of the awesome cek flair!"
SOCIALISTS WITH YOUR DAMN HEALTHCARE REFORM!
"No silly, just bring a gun to school and shoot the bully, right?"
"Clearly this isn't a problem with eugenics, it's a problem with how they *practiced* eugenics."
"Yeah, there's no way that can go wrong."
I don't think a few games is enough of a sample size per se I use the spitfire for a few games and do extremely well with it so it needs a nerf
But but...if you work hard and stay loyal to them they'll promote you and you'll be a millionaire in no time!
Vardags and some shitter support obviously
"It's not, but with Trump coming into Office, there won't be any more non-Americans."
Peter
You weren't standing still
"Yeah, fuck the drummer; we can replace him!"
"Dont call me white, I prefer the term ""Irish-Scottish-German-Italian American"" thank you very much."
But that +2 pwm is sooo helpful
"We picked that guy to represent all 311,000,000 of us."
What a great picture.
"Finally someone who understands the importance of a coquelicot plate, in the serving of fine meats."
[You have to go rescue her as part of the DH class hall quest line.]
But is it Monstercat?
"Your right, it's totally better to let them die."
You dropped an
forgot your
"I mean hey, it worked for them last year."
"no, you're doing facebook wrong!"
No dude she's having a seizure because her parkinsons/aids/hepatitis/whatever requires her to wear a catheder is acting up.
Too young to play for the Wings
Yeah it's much better when more than one person laughs at and trivializes rape.
28c/min.
"Yes, increasing inequality and wealth concentration doesn't exist."
"Yeah, that superior accuracy and convenience can be a real turn-off."
I am absolutely enjoying this tattoo nightmares show on 7Mate before the Matilda's game.
"yep two dudes cant live together without being gay, like Bert and Ernie"
It's the fault of the 8-year-old's parent's for not arming their daughter
My nickname was Murder McMurderPeoples.
"No, because of the vast intelectual abysm that separates him from 99% of us mere mortals."
But he's only saying mean things!
No it's Joji.
Jets obviously
He must be so brave.
"Hey, screw you man!"
"Yes, these socialistic government programs called medicare &amp; medicaid should be abandoned, then my tax burden would be much lower."
Jeremy Roenick
Clenbuterol.
They haven't lived long enough to know what the fuck they're talking about.
Well if Hillary did it then it must be okay.
Yeah bro because executing people without due process is a GREAT idea.
"Yep, sometimes vandalism is neccessary."
I guess I should have put
Mao'kai.
same story with Finnan on the other side
"Yes, because killing people in a church is so much worse than killing them somewhere not all churchy like"
"yeah, it's only wrong because a law exists, not because it's actually wrong..."
Just like Middle Easterners
"I like hers actually (especially the cat), her boobs look as fake as ingame tho... And the Zyra+Cassiopeia looks good too"
Can someone say 4-12?
iPhone 8 rumored to kill lock switch
"Yeah, BLM isn't political at all"
Is there really that much of a difference between a CPU and a battery?
It would be sexist to *harass* and *expose* an outspoken feminist advocate with details of her tax arrangements which she has only been forced to make to protect her privacy from creepy male fanboys.
"Man, those wacky black people, huh?"
Did you just assume my gender?
I like the way you talk about speculation as if it's cold hard fact.
"Yes, she should get taxed more so the government can pay for more wars, instead of starting a charity or something."
"Well, it is confusing, but Z+ zooms in and Z- zooms out"
Typical response from a Sagittarius
I wonder what kind of doctorate and six figure income he's rockin'?
"We guard against the darkness, duh!"
forgot the
Yeah but he prefers top line minutes on the left side.
so fucking staged
"Communists who carried out the cultural revolution in China, the gulag in USSR, the great famine in the Ukraine, the reeducation camps in Cambodia were atheists, almost to a man."
Yeah because when the sight is off that much it ruins our tight airsoft groupings at the range.
"Being black, duh."
"No way the suspects could be good, wholesome god fearing christians - no way."
Congratulations for being the first person ever to post this!
"Yeah, Reddit certainly never circlejerks over their hatred of fat people"
"[](/b35 ""MY DREAMS, THEY ARE RUINED"")"
"You don't read very good, do you?"
and you have an skt flair surprised~!
"But if you just blow them all up and declare them terrorists, you have a 100% success rate."
Yeah cause there could definitely not be any of those things without taxes.
Wow you can be a cop at a really young age in Idaho
Briefly going over your user history I can see you participated here a lot.
AWWW BUT IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE SO WEAK AND SHITTY.
I hope you have a Hi-Point.
"Hmm, can you control a Samsung tank with an S4 like you can a Samsung TV?"
"Wow, what a cool new feature, Niantic"
You can always install from source... Haha
I love how eugenics come up in every thread about the future on reddit.
You paid for it with taxes and taxes are bad!
Have you not seen Green Street?
"""But no it's actually really comforting that we mean nothing and have no significance!"""
The EBS.
Yeah everything in the golden era was just so much better than today.
"whatever man, you like, just dont *understand* kurt cobains genius"
that's just desperate NA-CS/other fanbois trying to keep the hope alive by idolizing the IBP-Players they would have become the best team in the world obviously
Oh I'm sure we'll all just accept that and move on with our lives.
oh ok
"That's why I got a Trump tattoo, I'm sure I'm never regretting it"
I think you forgot to add
Except juicy juicy membership fees!
You won't need healthcare now that we can harvest the magical healing power of liberal tears.
Yeah fucking assholes never doing anything right.
MODS MODS HE POSTED EARLY TAKE IT DOWN
you forgot the
DJ Fluker: Alabama paid me better than the NFL
oh no what am i gonna do
"Who wouldn't love such a kind, compassionate soul?"
"Yeah you can't enjoy it with a phone in your hands, you might as well not be there."
"Watch out now, someones going to break into your house for that"
"Welcome to GG, the movement where everything's made up and the words don't matter."
"No, science isn't based on reproducible results, *at all...*"
He's not ready to play centre
"yeah, I am sure a lot of money spent on him will make this guy an outstanding citizen and net contributor to the society."
Fighting the good fight
"Yes, because there is never such a thing as a dumb question."
Yeah those sketchers look amazing
Wow...I've never noticed that connection.
"Yeah, because reading things that disagree with your assertions and question your beliefs is a bad thing."
"Fucking Hell why are current events at the top, don't you people know you should bury you head in the sand and never discuss current events that effect technology, First it was Tesla, then NSA, then Comcast, not it is Net Neutrality, How dare you not submit links to only the technology I want to talk about you bastards"
"So you're saying your kid is better than my kid, oh it's on now"
really?
But but but he has a track record!
Keep playing games and I'm sure you'll feel better.
you forget to toggle off?
Does cat-calling or calling a woman a bitch count?
And look how well it's worked out for them
CIA and fbi should hire him
Who knew?
My dad can beat up your dad
It does SEEM that way doesn't it...
Why bother doing anything when you can have someone do it for you.
This is why Tesla can't prevail in their attempts to murder dealerships.
"True, true, it's definitely closer to being history"
But look at those skinny knees.
Oh but I'm voting for him because he tells it like it is.
"You need buyouts on PC now, new rule duh"
CCleaner.
"Ya, fuck everyone in a car checking their texts, but this guy's cool."
I think fat people should like choose not to be fat or whatever lol #losers
"Yeah, but they're a terrorist state"
Needs a
"Woah, woah... I think we mean acute impetuousness.... but not gross negligence...."
"Whoa guys, looks like we got a badass over here..."
"Wow, ESPN has NEVER jumped the gun about the Michigan head coaching job........."
No means yes!
Just like her
Yes because ALL religion is 100% evil and bad!
Democrats hate this.
Elon's working on that!
Well yeah you can't peacefully assemble in this country... Duh...
"This is hilarious I've never seen it, so original"
Flip to the page that tells you to play lands in front!
"If I was stuck with a Bimmer, I'd want to kill someone too"
Can't for get that crucial 7-1 consolation goal
You forgot your
There's probably going to be a lot of people that take you seriously without an
"Cause Bella, blonde Ruby, Jo, and brunette Ruby weren't hot."
***TRUE***
"Yeah, what kind of idiotic woman expects to be treated with dignity and respect by the people trying to court her"
"Fuck your opinions, I got more money than you so I'm correct."
"""Two Greens"" Obviously setup"
Cause of all the genitalia being thrown around in all bathrooms everywhere.
I really hope this was
I think he was really referring to the vuvuzela
"This looks like a great idea, and I cannot see a single conceivable way this could go wrong in any way, shape or form."
That should be good
When did Luke Wilson kill his child?
"Ha, good one, because the sniper would have definitely followed him everywhere for the rest of his life, shooting him the second he went public."
Krupp hasn't been the same ever since they stopped making cannons!
Haes
"yeah but they are ""Gay Married"" not ""Real married"" right?"
"Well, you know, profits first and no one was forced to buy that peanut butter."
Because obviously she is lying about that too.
"Wow, Trump is starting to look like a real politician..."
"Everyone except Etho, 'cause Etho said that he hates UHC."
100% damage reduction when matching heart in a cross formation!
Because the league has to make up for all the 1st overall selections you guys had
"Men can't be objectified, shitlord!"
But all you did was move some labels around.
Or we could take the word of a car full of intoxicated people...
+20 minutes for the roundtrip back to home because I forgot my Quebec passport
"They've got to come to Evanston for NU hosting the Illini, definitely going to be some quality football played that day..."
"Oh, so we're treading Torchwood's turf eh?"
Yea Polt is famous for making excuses and complaining all the time
I just wish the San Fran police would just arrest the guy already.
You may be overthinking this...
Ya the Palestinian's population only grows at 3% each year such genocide
Yea that's an excellent solution you are so smart
as is appropriate
Reverse psychology obviously
"It would, except that it has already been taken and is my reddit password."
"Wait, but I thought the Earth was flat and we was the centerz of the u-nivers!"
Great to see the opposition providing a real alternative....
trump dont care about abortion so they are basically the same
"Well, this isn't racist at all."
sometimes i worry about what would happen if i gave up my water addiction
"Because he left the church, but he couldn't leave it alone."
Hopefully nobody forgets to leave the heat on down in solitary
Good thing Trump was such a transparent candidate and released personal documents like his taxes for the American people to judge
"Dont forget Branch ""the block"" Warren"
Boeing sucks they don't even make their own engines
be racist.
Anything less and I'll be disappointed
200k; anything less is a lowball.
It's gonna be a remake of an MW2 map (probably Derail) and then they will call that their remaster.
Best mod is beast mod.
"Not Jesus, Tobin and Nicolas"
Not being able to discriminate even though my pastor says I should is the government taking away my religious freedoms.
"No no, of course, no true scotsman...."
"Yep, you got me Sherlock"
Just don't play the objective and play soldier
"Wow, who would have guessed that with all the zombies in walking dead that you could find a few that are close enough that a low frame count morph looks half plausible."
and Run For Your Life is the best romantic song
LPT: Do everything you're supposed to do and don't find clever and creative ways to make it easier for yourself.
How about making it against the law to be homeless?
**Howls of incoherent rage**
"No, but you see Europe doesn't have as many black people and mexicans to oppress so they're not racist."
America being made great again
Well clearly bitching works so keep at it.
Nope they must lie and say all of the characters are good.
"'cos remember ladies, having sex = automatic slut"
What - a lawyer says the burden of proof is on the defence and they have to prove the defence attorney did something that prejudiced the outcome of the court - wow - big news
nah man design a play where your center gets shit on every play and be successful all coaches do it
"yeah, because such discussion is so much less interesting compared to all those salt-miners crying about BV and ES..."
At least he got his Azir skin.
"They deserve it, duh."
Yea cause im sure a 74 year old just loves campaigning 12+ hours daily
"because it's a dank ass subreddit, yo"
"I wonder who that could be :o Hoping for a Water-type, maybe even a Steel-type"
Not sure if tumblrina or really good
"Today Grumpus learned that tattoos hinder your ability to produce music and your fine motor function, if placed on your hands."
Because they're not 5 y/o computers.
But dude they totally stopped World War 3 with Russia!
"She threw weapons in code, IE 1 kunai for question 1."
The obvious answer is to start digging up the area around the boardwalk until the clue appears.
"On the bright side, the TSA may have finally caught there first terrorist."
"Any of those try not to laugh challenges on Youtube, because they are always sooooo funny."
"Not really... I read it and thought 'WOW Americans are fat... that's witty."""
How do they plan to sell the new Soraka skin with that insane nerf
"No no no, you don't agree with me, ergo you are a fascist"
"""Requirements are easy"" - A few 6 stars - Keep c3/g1"
All ANet properties are shutting down permanently because they finally recognized that reddit is right; they're completely incompetent and don't deserve us as customers.
viva la revolucion!
"Good, we need more fast food options."
That joke would be funny if courtney love didnt actually kill him
"I said a prayer, so God will protect me from Obamaflu by delivering the guy from the Ricola commercials to me."
"It's in the code because if it wasn't, people would kick players for the far superior bots."
"Don't burn Tebow, I AM AN EAGLES FAN FFS"
Etho
"Oh, the irony of eating other animals to celebrate the fact that an OP saved this one."
They just want a democracy quite time.
"Yay, we get to watch the Spengler Cup during the Olympics instead."
Gotta love voluntary response bias.
Fingerprints?
"Yeah, but socialism!"
Pardon me while I text him to build that wall 10 feet higher.
Because one of dem criminal coloreds attacked an upstanding white citizen.
Because everyone knows that the city begins and ends in the East End.
"Yeah, the only people who have ever preached forgiveness are those who have never been hurt"
"I like the idea that we're all either straight or gay men, aka the only two options."
Shocker.
"Yes, but let's blame Islam for everything that oppresses women."
But doesn't a flat tire give the best traction due to a wider surface area?
not if Pulisic comes on.
"Only Americans on Reddit, right?"
"Wow, I thought that I would be the only ""Drunky""."
Waiting on the 1060
Don't forget the epic scene of a certain Greyjoy death
~spoiler~ they got divorced during AS2 and then MKD punched Michelle Visage in the face and walked out
We can't riot because we are too busy working to get our healthcare through our employers
"Nah, once you get even a little famous you sign a waiver of any and all personal rights &amp; privacy, its pretty standard"
"But the thing is back when we had the floppy drive there were *better* alternatives, **this** time they've gone too far, USB C is objectively worse!"
But what if it violates my safe space
But they promise we can have our freedoms back once we're safe...
So... Warhammer.
then he could tell all the pygmies to bet big on ryback and take a dive...
"I love how you say ""so called"" minorities, because they are obviously not real minorities."
it's socialist to expect employers to pay a living wage instead of the government having to subsidize them

But what about Google schollar?