Oh OK thanks I guess I didn't realize how much her AA did that should be really helpful in future games You should definitely be using Zag's abilities pretty regularly. Maybe save the Banelings for follow up or seige but in a fight there isn't really a reason for Hydra/Roach to be on cooldown. But Zag's big Hero Damage I'd say comes largely in part from her Auto-Attacks. You should definitely be in their AA'ing targets during a fight much like a Raynor would. You aren't playing her to the fullest if you just drop Roaches in and put the Hydra on someone and then leave.
Holy shit that dude's legs were enormous. That guy's quads weigh more than the helicopter
"Was already posted, and someone else just posted this in the last few minutes for some reason. Psycho New Yorker yelling at street performer."
Ten Million Somalis would argue that Somalia is *inhabitable* The key word there was *inhabitable*.
Worked for Big Dick Rick in 13-14 Dad strength is the truth.
Imagine if a men's rights activist said that girls who were circumcised had female privilege. Circumcision is white male privilege and should only be discussed through patriarchy (says feminist)
"Eh, why not? OMG GUYS HE RESPONDED!"
Thanks Happy Birthday Dude!
"Oh how I missed the two-faced Sun editors: One day they call for Ford's resignation, the next day they're kissing his ass. The Sun: For his own sake, Ford should resign"
"While a interesting thought I really feel that we'd then see a up-surge of people running around with EOtech on the intervention and R700 and using it as a CQB weapon which sniper rifles really aren't meant to be used as. Changes to sniper aDS So as of now, all the snipers take more time than other guns to ADS, and though I can understand the point of balance, I do believe it needs an overall. First things first, I think that the times overall need lowered, as it feels extremely sluggish, as if your soldier struggles to lift their gun. I understand that the point of it is to try and make sniping more than quick scoping, but it is possible to do so regardless of the system. I will say that if anything, the bfg can keep ads time, as it is a one shot rifle and I feel like it needs the drawback. One thing to be considered is variable ads time between sights, which could offer a perk to running an acog over other scopes, and maybe even add room for the daring challenge of running magnification sights. My point is that while the current system doesn't stop people from sniping, it does have its frustrations."
A group of D-list characters take a D-list team name and never sell very many comics (an already very small medium) that still firmly plants them in the D-list. The only similarity was the name though. It was pretty much completely overhauled in '08.
"We dont want Asians in CS:GO, look what they did to LoL... 80% of players are korean now. Petar Milovanovic on Twitter""None of the remaining 2016 big events (EL, EPL, ESL One, EPICENTER, ECS) have the possibility for an Asian team to qualify/participate"""
"Ziploc Like a grocery bag, or a ziploc bag?"
"Caps also for independent clauses after colons, in some styles. Capital letters are only used in the beginnings of sentences, proper nouns and acronyms. Only three punctuation marks can end a sentence: a period, a question mark or an exclamation mark. Therefore, your capitalization of ""He"" here suggests that you are talking about God, like the other guy said. If you used another pronoun, like ""They,"" it would just be bad grammar."
"If they had enough probable cause to get a warrant, it's not their problem. What about cases in which the police don't have the wrong house, but are unable to prove culpability?"
Feel sorry for guys with genitalia mutilation the lengths they need to go to jerk off if only their parents had not sexualy mutilated them as a child The cups in our house keep disappearing. Turns out my roommate has been fucking them
Antonya actually. uyniE
I may or may not be stoned....I am Hey thanks! I don't know how I missed this...
"Some of them are named too; I did a Minutemen quest and had to kill a bunch of Raiders with names as opposed to just being called ""Raider"". They've actually humanised raiders a bit though in FO4. You can overhear conversations about weird people they met or read their logs on their terminals."
I remember Pulse. Anti-gay violence isn't limited to Muslims.
I would hate to be you too I hate to be me
"Hence, the Lightning Network. The fee per transaction would have to be massive for miner to survive. That's a more accurate way of putting it so you cant pick on semantics instead of the point."
Sad wiggle
Far more likely we'll get breakthroughs in chip manufacturing that will let us make more powerful chips for less money as has been happening since the advent of computing. hey sometimes you get weird mathematical breakthroughs that let you shortcut some of these things. ya never know
"hmm, yeah that's pretty spot on. I'm just saying it looks like things turned out well for Legendary when originally that didn't seem like the case. They backed an original film as opposed to BvS and still profited."
"""LPT: When lending a marker always lend it with the cap on, so it doesn't come back at a later point all dried up. "" LPT: When lending a pen or marker hand it over without the cap, you are much more likely to get it back"
His nickname should be Lucien Lachance It just has a badass ring to it.
"Yeah, I think we had them for a few years before we hit the right combination. Interesting. Thanks for sharing that. We have half-a-dozen ASR1K's in the environment, but no ASK9K's. Adding up to 100% seems to work fine on ethernet and OC3 interfaces on ASR1K thus far. But perhaps we haven't stepped on just the right combination of code &amp; hardware &amp; syntax yet. Cheers."
"Thanks for the insight Hmmmm idk. I'd say Juve, Inter or City. First two because he is perfect for Italian football (have a feeling that Inter with JM's success will look to get more player from Portugal, and specifically Sporting), and City over United because he'd fit Guardiola's play style far better than Mourinho's (which is basically fast transitions, which is William's weakness). Also don't think City have any exceptional pure defensive mids"
"Unless you're Carmella, she always wants to look F A B U L O U S. Because sometimes you want to look fabulous."
bet is dat gildan fam?
"I thought Bama was suppose to be the one that bumped up players, not us As is tradition"
Isn't it a Pity by George Harrison What song(s) do you listen to every time you have a breakup?
LBJ did it too. Why do people act like election fraud is a new thing when bush obviously did it?
"Goddamn I fucking love this thread. Women have the luxury of working for ""job satisfaction"" because men will do all of the jobs that actually need to be done, satisfaction or no, leaving women to do the ones they want to. This is actually one of the reasons the salary gap is a lie. There are a *TON* of high paying jobs that women simply refuse to do, are &lt; 1% female employed (lack of applicants), but need to be done, such as sanitation, ditch digging, water reclamation, etc. Society needs them done, but women won't do them because they are dirty, unpleasant, etc. Shit has to get done, men will do it. That's our role."
Someone is forgetting about the Ottoman Empire and the Umayyad Caliphate. Islam was never part of Europe says Hungarian PM
"Well that's reassuring, I just hope I don't have to look up meta decks in order to get anywhere, which is generally the nature of these. Only on the welcome bundle and pax portrait. I don't think welcome bundle mattered much cuz the deck i climbed with was the aggro budget faie. I can give you the list if you want. And yeah it's totally possible f2p."
"Tumblr is the modern emo notebook given an audience. Tumblr also bitches when not enough cishets support them, so I think Tumblr is just going to bitch and moan no matter what happens."
I guess I am lucky - the second I went to 9.0 (public release) mine started working fine - maybe try giving them a call? Mine STILL doesn't work on my iPhone 6 (iOS 9.1.3) and I'm starting to get really pissed.
best episode up there with the one where he was treading water for two episodes Magnum P.I.: Did You See the Sun Rise?
"are you a cable pornographer? Some of my recent installations. New stuff is at the top of the album, enjoy. :)"
"A set of Jerseys didn't cost Vincent Tan that much. Its China, they probably want a team that plays in red"
I was banned from Weightweenies cycling forum because I got really drink one night and asked some trolly questions about carbon fiber. What Are You Banned From and Why?
No idea. What happened to the first person that you ever loved?
"Because it's definitely not the case other way around lul Is it just me or does it seem like this shit only shows up during EU peak hours? I'm really sick of some of the EU reddit fans, tbh. They always have taken the trash talk a step too far."
It was supposed to be punny. Was that supposed to be funny?
"They never really claimed this, they just happen to only border da3esh Basicly , designed just too fight ISIS"
But... it's off season I don't celebrate Thanksgiving Guess I'm gonna play Overwatch all day tomorrow
bonecrusher which is free pray xp when training slayer - pretty big. Can the mory elite diary give full/ partial immunity to the prayer drain at barrows. This may sound OP at first but if you have atleast mory hard done you are probably doing the graceful method anyway in which case you don't really use prayer potions since you restore it every trip. It would just kind of be a little added bonus for having completed the elite since the rewards are kind of empty atm.
Looks like Cube World (rip) WIP Procedural Snowy Biome.
"I might have built a few divisions but the vast majority was there from the start. Interesting...your defensive line was along a much shorter front than mine. Hell yours was probably half the total number of provinces. I tried to incorporate the river system into mine with the end result of it taking a long time to build. Did you build any infantry or are those all just the ones you started with? Obviously you built the artillery brigades, but how many actual divisions did you need to build from scratch?"
"Is there a recording of this with an ending? AC/Nirvana are my favorite bands, this an oldie I can't stop listening to"
"dota has skins too.... Help me understand a peasant's mind: Buying skins I mean why would anyone do that, they constantly defend their shitty p2w system saying that ""you don't need to put money into it' when they spend all their points in low quality paint tier ""sets"" and go apeshit on every single skin concept, if they didnt spent it already on some broken new chimp"
"I'd say 99% of stats are trust me stats since you didn't compute them. So it's a ""just trust me"" stat"
The proselytizing in the comments is fairly tasteless. I'm dying of cancer and have a few weeks left. This is the blog I'm writing.
"AHhhh kk thx Piracy group. Many people are salty about being pirated and resort to tomfoolery such as what you see above to get ""even""."
"Seriously, I want to know but I don't want my screen to break from zooming in. That's a nice rack on that....dude?"
"This best part about this is Rule 34 existing, so pretty much everything has a ""porn version"" of it so everything would be guilty. ""If bronies didn't want to be stigmatized then they should've stopped people from making porn"" This is the best part! Hey, you Americans! If you didn't want me to hate you, then you should've worked to shut down Playboy! ...well actually no, the best part is how she references Andrea Dworkin. In her post about policing people in your social group. Brilliant!"
ok I HENCEFORTH CALL SHENANIGANS ON ALL REDDIT ADS. I CALL FOR ALL SANE MEN AND WOMEN OF EARTH TO COMMENCE HOOLIGANISM ON REDDIT ADS COMMENT SECTIONS. THIS PRODUCT IS TOTALLY GAY.
It's because their prostate is twice as big TIL: Men who like their meat well-done are twice as likely to get prostate cancer.
The biggest thing to happen in Perth all year West Coast Aussie Dota Fans - This is huge for us!
JAY DONT CARE Cutler has the body language of a dude who would rather be at home naked smoking a bowl and playing 2k
I don't see the problem Built in Velcro straps with a braided cable = this
Good job :D First time ever :o did I do it right?
here we go again Have you not been to Chicago? Their pizza is soup for crying out loud
Me too! He was having serious health problems. I hope he's still with us.
I'm sorry. #YOU CAN'T LOCK UP /R/ARROW
38frags god flamie flamie is going insane on train
TAKE THE POISON THE BREAD WAS POISONED
1 like = 1 pray for Verizon cdma brothers Or we're the suckers that got stuck with an unlockable boot loader...
"Speak for yourself. Better than the brownfinger, I'd guess."
Unwritten rule of reddit that camo is invisible. I think they have a camouflage pattern printed on them.
"No, FiletMcShay is saying that wifebeaters literally do not cover the armpits, therefore if OP were to sweat, the wifebeater wouldn't absorb any sweat at all and the sweat would get on the dress shirt directly. No but pre-treating his laundry would."
"And they say chivalry is dead If you're going somewhere nice, make sure to dress the part."
nope. that's noodles? I thought it was kaalaa up to his old fuckery. God damn it Noodles. Your cries for attention are bumming me out.
Enjoy mythic boss farming :) EDIT : Seriously though report it if not already done Karazhan lock out bugged
"At least it's a circlejerk that does more good than harm. Bernie Sanders. Seriously though, stop spamming your garbage Sanders Spam all over reddit. He isn't the messiah."
"If he continues to bloom and develop, this will be a Disney movie in a decade. If you haven't read this article on LoCain yet....READ IT!!!"
Gunship for the Commodore 64 What video game or movie franchise actually deserves to be brought back?
"I'd rather tell my kid to save thier money on something important then have them blow it on stupid things I guess I never would have considered those things as part as the college fund (the car and apartment I mean). I don't think I've heard of a 529 before? Is that just some sort of savings or investment account for college? And you're going to tell them what to do with the money they earn themselves in HS? (No judgement at all, just wanna understand what you meant there. I never considered doing that; I know that when I first started working, if my mom tried telling me I had to put my money somewhere, there would have been major issues lol. But, I'm stubborn lol)"
"Helen Keller was much too eloquent and intelligent for redditor assholes, anyway. ""If you could have sex with any historical figure, who would it be?"" ""Helen Keller."" ""How would you tell her that she's using too much teeth?"" ""Slap"""
"Is not rat, is Siberian hamster! TIL that a Chinese man bought and raised two puppies, cared for them despite their frequent killing and eating of chickens, and then discovered they were bears."
"but you can't cast a T2 Thought-Knot if you ban the temples. Eye of Ugin is legendary, but the discount can be applied to multiple creatures as early as turn 1."
"If they made it a special item, I wouldn't even be mad to be honest. Sack Head can single handedly break a run as Isaac so long as you have money in your donation machine and a few bombs. It's incredibly powerful, and fun, I hope they don't nerf it, but I imagine they will."
Sounds like something in the differential then. Always straight. Sometimes going up a slight incline on the road but only when I'm going straight..
"Oh god it was like the day mekelek got vac banned not that long after maikelele got into NIP, I didn't know who mekelek was at the time so I thought maikelele got vac banned for a second.. 'I'd like everyone to welcome our new AWP player Allu!!!"" Aaaaaaannnnddddddd VAC Banned."
The cop part is hilarious Clarion Builds' 400 HP 1991 Acura NSX - One Take
"Because that would be both easy and sane, as opposed to a mad science abomination against all that is holy. why mangle these old systems. Why not just get a good emulator on your smartphone and pair up a ps3 controller."
"Didn't it also cause a seizure? codeine and some other shit. Cough syrup, lil wayne used to abuse."
"Addition to Poland, Czech Republic and Mongolia; Vietnam, East Germany, Estonia, Cuba and so on. What in God's green earth makes you think the soviets would have done better? Let's compare governments instituted by the Americans and by the Russians and see who had a better shot at it. Name a single former Soviet sate or Soviet backed country that isn't a complete cluster fuck."
"If nothing else that short mom ""I need to speak to the manager"" hair cut Cait had forever. Okay even before Catelynn's issues came to be she and Tyler had the tackiest, ugliest fashion sense. There's a few pictures out there you can google and you'll see what I'm talking about. They tried way too hard and ended up looking awful."
"Yeah I was talking to my co workers who had been there since 2000 and they said the liquid smoke stopped about 2 years ago so just before I got there, but liquid smoke is probably a more original method I worked there in 2004-2005 at the E Center location. At one point they used to make their own BBQ sauce with the liquid smoke and everything. The pit bbq sauce is news to me."
Universe i mean me too thanks Earth.
That would be the dumbest trade EVER in the BFL Trade Gurley!
"It is not the hardware you use, it is the software in your heart that matters. Does my poor-man rig count as pcmasterrace?"
hes here for a meaningful relationship Found the guy who isn't here for porn.
"If it weren't for hash tag and the thumbnail, I would never have thought of Ooo La La. No you didn't."
my gf is 27 and sometimes sing the japanese version... Being a father of two little girls
"That's awesome, I took a look at your boards and they seem good. The ones I make collective fingerboards"
"I'm sure that there will be court transcripts available online, if you find them then submit them here and you'll probably collect a fair amount of upvotes. i want to know what his definition was"
"Nordstrom and Macy's don't drug test. Do makeup stores actually drug test? (Regular reader/poster, but using a throwaway for obvious reasons) I'm looking to get a second job to help with some bills and was thinking about Ulta, as one is opening nearby relatively soon. It's something I think I would really enjoy. However, do they actually drug test? I have applied and it mentioned it on the application website. I don't smoke regularly anymore, but the last time I did was on NYE, so I am kind of worried."
"I know, but hyperbole and exaggeration and stuff! Technically he didn't make the argument that they would be topping. He just said they would have the opportunity to score more if they played."
"Go home Marley, you high again! Yes, but you gotta wear mor, mon."
Somewhere in the woods. Where is safest place to be if for the next 24 hours everyone will try to kill you by any means?
"You might want to try reading Sil3x's post. So is month of the mad god coming out as soon as it is july 19th, and if someone would answer this question if they know what types of things are gonna be in the month of the mad god this year?"
You're right; why hire a piano teacher when your millionaire dad with Hollywood connections can just invite a famous pianist over to teach your kid? or maybe they were just rich
"I did Nazi this coming ""Additional pun response"""
"Yeah I speed-read it and saw ""readjust another time when its cold"" and thought that was being recommended as a regular thing for cold-starts. No problem. The choke is a per-start basis. The idle set screw is a global setting and should be done with the bike at operating temperature."
because lillard was the oldest good pg he could think of bc he was 22 - something constantly used to knock him leading up to the draft I have no idea where Lillard came from lmao
"Buy a filter That's my problem, the water in my city tastes shitty. It's certainly fine, medically and scientifically, but it tastes shitty. So I have to haul the huge 6 packs of bottled water all the way from the supermarket twice a week... And it costs more money than tap water. Less than coke, I guess, tough."
"Naaaaaaaaaah. Yeah, just ask RGIII. ...too soon?"
man i love that film... I love at the end where he is like... shut up and smoke my weed! George Bush's View On Marijuana
I need friends like yours :( My steam friends are too generous...
::yawn:: Projecting and assumptions. Seems you take that attitude toward humanity as well.
"when I realized the 19 year old bimbo I was talking to had no idea what hubcaps are. What was your ""fuck... I'm old"" realization?"
"Honestly, that's the difference between good and bad editing, right there. And yet there's all the gold coming from Image, and all the unfortunate stuff at DC."
"This is certainly possible. Its very possible that ""molten steel"" was actually molten aluminum. Aluminum melts at several hundred degrees below the burning point of jet fuel."
Literally came here to say this. I don't think I've ever purposely clicked on an ad for something that I wasnt already set out to look for.
"Fed ex drivers only turn right on delivery routes, or so I hear. That makes no sense, even if he was your neighbor. 4 right turns makes you go in a circle (or square, or rectangle etc)"
As a hobby with the hopes it becomes more professional at some point. Do you write professionally or just as a hobby?
"Jurassic Park &amp; The Matrix. If you could show sci-fi movie to people from the past, what would it be? I've always been wondering what it's like to show movie from the present to people from the past, like what if we show movie gravity to people from 1500s when most people think that earth is flat. Or show alan turing movie about computer can do because of him. My choice is Avatar (2009), I think avatar still has the best full CGI movie since 2009. What about your choice? what movie would you like to show people from the past? Btw hi, I am new here :D"
"You can take RNH off the list now! List of players w/ 20+ shots and no goals includes RNH, Stepan, Ladd, Domi, Lindholm, Eriksson, Backstrom, Jenner, Forsberg..."
Jessie! Yes we are. ... to the stars above.
inb4 hollywood is whitewashing the casting Ewan McGregor is Jesus And Satan In Last Days In The Desert - Official Trailer
"It's already on here and it's fake. Lady steals from kid, black friday 2015"
"No one here was claiming it buffs everything....just weapon damage. Yeah, but that means that Weapons of Light does not buff everything. That's all I was checking and to let anyone who sees this comment knows that it will only buff Rocket Launchers if they impact the target."
"Yes, it has been pointed out to me, thank you very much. There are no male leagues."
Boob Saibabe. Noob Saibot.
"bila mau saman? Previous owner signs SD on RM2.8m bungalow, mulls legal action"
This is why we love mods... Mini-Nuke Baby Launcher
"Morgana Q I've found Cho is actually kinda easy for Yasuo, at least, easy in terms of laning vs Cho'Gath. Side note, the hitbox on Cho's W is the most bullshit thing known to man."
What is TEST Squadron? That should be a TEST Squadron recruitment poster.
"At least the person looking for money was straight up about it, I guess. Hyperion's PF Keeping It Classy Today"
link? There is a recent Berkeley study that says motorcyclists who lane split get into fewer accidents and those accidents are less deadly.
"Man, where the fuck do I find the rope to go down the shaft? The free GOG Fallout came with the Fallout Bible, page 11 blew my mind"
"Jealousy Rising! Google Fiber is coming to Atlanta, Nashville and North Carolina"
"Uhm, I'm pretty sure most of not all people here know what specs the s7 has. Galaxy S7 specs."
"Well deserved Thank you PCMR for voting The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt as your GOTY! Enter to win a Witcher 3 prize pack from CD PROJEKT RED, Corsair and J!NX! (details in comments)"
"*hide yo kids, hide yo wives Hide yo wives, hide yo kids."
"My chefs have never even heard of ""pizza""! Perhaps something similar to the football event. A new religion!"
He should run out more often. I can't see how this isn't preferable to bread.
"literally a math equation: three equals equals dee which is longhand for 3d Excuse me, but what am I looking at?"
"She has not done anything illegal, Jesus, the armchair lawyers here are nuts It's disturbing that half think it was legal."
"That is a shit-ton of cocaine. Iceland vs Croatia game is in 1 week. Stadium today looks like this, and the weather forecast is not encouraging."
Amiami tends to use more packing material than Hobbysearch who might have just made it fit into SAL I'm getting charged 1500y shipping from hobby search
"It involves a version of Leon in a fantastical universe that is kind, does good deeds, and agrees with everyone. Please, please tell me this myth! O_O"
"It's not a legal thing, no, but who would report someone for rape when they *explicitly told them* that it's fine? Preemptive consent isn't a legal thing, it's a personal thing. It would never hold up in court."
"""Austin goddamn Powers"" I was a henchman for Dr Evil, rolled over by a steamroller. You just died and your most recent comment summarized your life story. How did you die?"
* Painted MB * Terrible paint protection * CARPET TESTBENCH This is the greatest post ever Plasti-dipped motherboard (x-post from r/DiWHY)
"Definitely headed for a lockout if this ends up being a high price. @WojYahooNBA: Ressler is finalizing an agreement to purchase the Hawks from Bruce Levenson for a price less than $1 billion, sources tell Yahoo Sports."
"yeah how were they suppose to account for kickbacks and corruption Nuclear power is less safe than expected, according to a statistical study of core-melt accidents"
"decently balanced, nerf wm and then inspect competitive/high ranked matches to see how to continue with balancing the game out, for example maybe limit multiple heroes in a team to just 1 pair (in competitive play ofc) now that the game is almost here DO you think its balanced? Share your thoughts I only got to play about 10 hours of the beta and in that time I saw things that I thought were OP get countered easily by a good team. I just thought that people with more time put into the game might know better. Are there things out there that are still op? Or do most things have counters?"
"Then I hope the bullets hit those that are most deserving. I agree. But most don't do that, so..."
Dig on match point Keep me updated! :) :) at a place with shit net atm
Which subject? sivas cumhuriyet reporting in
"It's not in Celcius; I think I'd have heard about the tens of thousands of deaths caused by it being 97C in Montreal East. I don't think it is, the temp in Edmonton at around 5:30 was 17C, that's like 66F."
Is there even a point to posting something like this outside of an attempt to make someone feel bad? Is there even a point to posting something like this outside of attempting to incite a circlejerk?
The editing on his channel is half of what makes it so great :D i really like the editing in this video
I L
But aren't you free to use another phone? Talking about being anti-competitive by locking out other services: the NFC in iPhone only works with Apple Pay. Other apps can't use it.
"Miss Fortune was free two or three weeks ago, she's really amazing but for some reason I bought caitlyn instead ( :[ ) Can't wait to try out Miss Fortune and Fiddlesticks!"
"But my name is Rami, does that mean I am the best player in the world? one of you made a footstep, that gave his position away and since rami is one of the best players worldwide he could figure out where you all were from that seriously he's not cheating you guys are just bad"
"If he does, Reese shall be referred to as the Goalie Whisperer til the end of time. Reese did good work with Mason this year. Was in 3rd in sv% this season. I can see Kari having a bounce back year"
Looks like Timmy finally got his revenge *Slap**Slap**Slap**Slap**Slap**Slap*
"RidNacs is the best, easiest to use and look at IMO. Longtime Mac user who just built his first gaming PC. What is the best Daisy Disk alternative for Windows? Daisy Disk is a great hard drive analyzer I've been using on my Macbook and I didn't realize how much I needed it until messing around with my new PC. What's a good (free preferably) disk analyzer that does a good job of visualizing its contents?"
"Oh, so it **is** Nazi Germany. Right? I had no idea curfew was an actual thing. Yes, apparently it's illegal to not have some type of reflective/lights on you while jogging at night. This was in Anaheim Hills CA."
"Regardless, there's two sides to the ball, and the offensive side isn't why Isaiah's not that good. What's the joke here? McLemore did suck but he's the only one below-average for his position in that lineup on offensive that year. How the hell does a lineup consisting of Isaiah Thomas, Rudy Gay and DeMarcus Cousins be considered a offensively limited team??? Those are three amazing scorers right there. You don't need a lineup full of scorers."
"Subspecies. Humanity, please explain."
"HEB Montrose is like grocery store nirvana Houston just got the first Walmart inside the loop a few years ago. before that they had no stores within the confines of 610. As far as HEB goes, when the HEB Montrose Market opened up here; I was quickly reminded by the quality and value at HEB compared to Kroger or Randall's."
"Unless Houston is giving out Chairback hero Ts to the first 10K into each game, a.Dynamo fan bashing disappointing attendance is rich. They play in a literal dump. They claim to average like 16k people at games but by watching on MLS live there is barely 5k people at most games. Washington gets a MLS team they don't support but dozens of other cities (Nashville, Sacramento, San Antonio, and others) don't get a chance to have a team"
"I want to know how much you paid for it and how many matches are on there. Latest wrestling related purchase, probably not worth the price but the mark in me overcame good sense..."
"Lord knows our pass rush needs the help. No, if anyone's going to offer him less, it's us! Elvis, come on down!"
in other news oGsSuperNoVa winner of IEM Sao Paulo IEM Sao Paulo Groups announced! oGsSuperNoVa the only Korean invite!
"Group quests were always optional Well I do a lot of pug raiding, pug bgs, and pug dungeons so I definitely don't feel it's solo. Questing I wanna do alone."
Sadly we will never be using it :/ Would be nice to get this as a usable skill ... Valkyrie Awakening 200% BSR
This was just perfect. Exactly.
"Just anole pun thread, as usual. I'm newt here, what's happening?"
"Awesome! Ghee, cashew meal, almond meal, cacao powder, coconut flakes and honey. Slow to spoil and seriously delicious..."
Don't you dare! Come back Kalil :(
"I agree 100 percent. There's lots of reasons for Israelis and Palestinians to be mad at each other, but only one side is murdering the others civilians on purpose and celebrating those deaths. Mr. Evans has decided to sympathize completely with the Palestinian narrative obviously, and the start of the conversation was Hillel, an Israeli, announcing yet more terrorism and murder against our people. So it's hard to say Evans is just talking about why people are angry, and he's actually saying they have a right to be angry as a response to our complaining about them fucking murdering us. Losing your home does not give you the right to terrorize and murder people, else wall street would have been a bloodbath in 2009 after the crisis they caused. But Americans aren't sicko terrorists for the most part, and that's kind of a big difference."
In what way is $12 and a trip to the DMV **once every 10 years** so outrageous? So unwarranted restrictions of those rights would be good or bad?
Why did this comment give me an erection? I want Mei to crush me with her thighs.
all you have to do is legalize weed and the beez will be fine in the NBA So you're saying we just have to give Beasley a little bit more time?
...oh It's a fish tank decoration.
Gurren Lagann? 1. ???????? 2. FMA:B 3. Kill La Kill
Occasionally I put little bits of dry dog food next to the fence in my yard so the neighbours 8 week old rottweiler puppy smells them and squeezes his way under the fence into my yard so I can play with him. What illegal things do you do every other day?
Car tires What is worth spending a little extra money for?
There's a black market for actual breastmilk because you legally can't sell it. Black market formula
"I'm hourly and I get overtime. Random question for you man. I'm around 3-ish semesters away from graduating and I got curious about something in the workforce. I see a lot of jobs that are salaried so they usually get out of overtime that way, at least in my state. Is that actually the norm or is hourly pay the norm? It seems like salaried would be a lot less likely to try to get you home on time than hourly to me so I was just wondering."
"As my female qunari rogue, Neeshka, I completed the main game at level 24 on Nightmare. DAI: At what level did you beat the game? I'm level 17 right now and I'm trying to talk myself out of rushing into the last mission. This is the first playthrough I'm going to finish, and I'm really excited to see what happens with the story, but there's so much stuff I still need to do! I haven't even killed more than one dragon, plus I have a *ton* of side stuff to do. I know I should be patient and at least try to get another 3 levels, but I just want to do the story already. :/ There's a voice in my head saying ""You can do a more thorough playthrough with your alt........."" Soooo hopefully hearing what you wise folk have been doing will help steel my resolve. At what level did you beat the main story, and how much of a completionist were you?"
"What a tool, I hate when people repeat the same stuff Marco Rubio, Lampooned for Repeating Himself, Does It Again"
"Bless you ""Here doggie, sniff my Hhaaaarrgghh!!!"""
Most of us... Who in here supported Clinton instead of Bernie during the primaries?
"Hit detection was horrible yesterday, I literally rage quit. Yes, I swear my fucking bullets go directly through people. Not sure if this has to do with lag, but today I had my worst session in about a year."
"could be a smoke screen That's strange. We received our shipment and it included a Funko box labeled ""Pop Star Wars: EP 7 - Pop Exclusive'1'HT."""
"Your skin is gorgeous, makeup is great and I love your tattoo. I got my very first tattoo on Monday and my boyfriend captured a flattering picture of my makeup while I was on the chair! I also included a selfie before I left the house and a picture of my tat! CCvW :)"
You could say he is in business of political offices. You could say he was a liar.
So little effort used and he still sends 2 players flying. Byfuglien knocks Doughty off the puck then crushes Kopitar
I'm married with no plans of ever having kids...getting to play video games 2-4 hours a week and watching movies all the time is something I'd go crazy without. I don't even care
Literally have no idea how he scrambles or even makes it to the huddle with the weight of those giant fucking bronze balls he's dragging everywhere. and enormous balls
Because that makes sense Jay Electronica involved with upcoming Toyota commercial
Or just a basic observation. You in software dev? That sounds uncannily like a user story :)
That awkward moment when even homeless people have nicer phones than you. The 'Professional Homeless' make me rage
"This looks horrendous... so much fuel to continuously heat... put that thing in the sun at least! A Friend and I decided to make a porter today. It's 5 degrees, and it's doing alright."
"I still think he is bullshitting after reading it, but i hope what he writes is true Yea I felt the same way. Then I actually read his posts. Now Im 100% convinced hes not bullshitting."
"Thanks, the ones that are no-brainers always make me hesitate even more. Absolutely yes."
"Because 90% of techies players suck and make the game a 4v6. I'm not sure I understand all this Techie hate. Look at a similar hero in Hon, Engineer, he had mines that were annoying. What's the big deal? I also never played the original Dota."
*Snap* woohoo \\//\ *Snap* Yes!
"Donald is having a hard time keeping his lies straight Trump attacks Hillary's ""criminal"" foundation, forgets he donated $110,000 to it"
"So because some people don't understand PGP you think that it's not important? He did a full phone/audio interview prior to this as well. If you listen to it there will be no doubt it's Julian. If they sign something with PGP someone will just say ""not proof"" and even if he does another video and this time with a newspaper someone will say ""not proof"" ""body double"". It's absurd."
"That would be great! Interested in a deep analysis on Can? Don't upvote! I did a deep analysis on Moreno a couple weeks back and it received positive feed back, I was going to do more but I decided to do them just for players thst we have signed. Would you all be interested in a review of lallana and can?"
"Can you upload an image? Did I mess up a left crest print? Just finished a small run that needs to be delivered ASAP. After printing a few, something didn't feel right. I was happy with the general placement but after holding the shirt up in front of me, the print looked crooked. I tried on one of the shirts and looked in the mirror. Sure enough, with arms to my sides, the print dropped down at the left edge but with arms stretched out, the print was level. Now, the graphic being a large filled square accentuated the issue. Should I be concerned? Should I tweak the placement in the future to compensate for drop?"
iunderstoodthatreference.gif should actually call a bot. Hah. captainamericaigotthatreference.gif
"so I can't use, Nick Diaz, Lyoto Machida, Daniel Cormier, Liz Carmouche, Nate Diaz, or Fabricio Werdum? welp, at least we know you use gay fighters"
"Whataburger is love, Whataburger is life I'm sorry the only thing weird and amazing i know is the food coma i get in after eating an A1 Thick and Hardy at whataburger."
Proofy did but Nade played well up until Warhawk SnD Nameless is always playing wagers and money 8's and Jkap was addicted to wagers before he went on his cruise in Europe. Nade and Proof rarely play them and they both shit the bed.
I don't think he is on IR I think hes just injured Is Brian Tyms still on injured reserve?
"The AEC sends its regards. PUP newspaper ad authorised by Jacqui Lambie investigated for breach of election rules, could see her unable to take up Senate spot"
He also seems to be showing how to helicopter with his ears. Brock's French lop impression.
The European kind seems to like others to do their killing for them. Economists do not habitually carry rifles.
I think that might have been entirely intentional I think the choice of surface that was used (small tiles) was a mistake. How in the hell is anyone supposed to skate around the place and make good use of all the edges and transitions?
"You should check out Alex Gibney's work. Werner Herzog and Adam Curtis, the two best documentarians."
"By rigged system do you mean the 3 million more votes she got? Well to be fair, the rigged system won it for her with the super delegates and all that. There are no super deligates to save her from donald."
"I don't know anything about him, but great news! Former Missouri coach Gary Pinkel's cancer in remission"
It doesn't. I wasn't commenting on its power just that its smaller than a zord. Also of superman supposedly can take supernovas to the face and can punch with infinite mass like the sub wants me to believe how in the hell can a robot made by a mortal out of non magical material stand up to him?
I suspect your comment expresses more about yourself than any religion. I wouldn't do it. You know...God the Mother. Doesn't seem have a ring it like: God the Father.
"It's wild how many people on Whisper are willing to fuck without knowing who you are, what you look like, age, etc I just whispered about missing my boyfriend???"
"Before everybody else, probably. Quick Question about DLC time Does anyone know when the DLC is going to come out in New Zealand?"
"Nah man, it's made from squeezing oranges onto flowers! I'd imagine there are some major safety concerns for such a product."
I was hoping for another Sarah Duncan incident. Saw a heated argument taking place on Park Street today with a traffic warden. Owner leaves the car there every day without paying!
"Maybe not rules or laws, but how about some standards? Cheat implies there's some kind of rules. This isn't the UFC."
"I feel like a broken record, but what makes you so sure that this isn't a video from an exterminator about to murder a bunch of rats and just likes filming his victims? i feel like if there was ever a time yall should like the other way its this time , no one wants to eat rat..."
"Shit post, but i guess you have to expect it from someone named Jarry I'm gonna say.....yes?"
"Your response can also be applied to your hobby. Puppy raping is a hobby. But anyway, I don't like to think about it. I have felt some guilt before but I tell myself none of it was my fault. I was shocked and devastated but so very grateful."
"Ignore him, he's s statist who thinks he can make everything better by outlawing it (he doesn't realize how bad everything will be after he outlaws everything) The World Series this year was the Chicago Cubs vs. Cleveland Indians. The decisive Game 7 was in Cleveland. The Chicago Cubs had not won the world series in over 100 years and so many Cubs fans were eager to attend. As a result, many Cleveland fans willingly sold their tickets to Cubs fans bc, while they too would also like to be in attendance for what was sure to be a historic event they would rather sell their ticket for enough money to put their kid through college. Do those people deserve to go to jail for 364 days?"
Knowing reddit probably something about feminism So - what is she gonna say to make us turn on her?
Johnson for Emperor of Planet Fitness 2020. I vote for Johnson to be the next President Fitness Trainer.
"I didn't know vegans and vegetarians were different things. In fifth grade, I asked my teacher, ""what's the point of talking about Martin Luther King every year if he never really existed?"" What's the dumbest misconception about history you had as a child? I really don't know why I didn't believe in him. I just thought he was a myth or something. I guess I couldn't imagine a society full of segregation. Thankfully, my school was predominantly white."
"That's my point, if cops shoot people who are **immobilized** simply because someone mentions there is a gun on their person, those are very poorly trained cops. You need to listen to the recording again. They refer to Alton and the gun immediately before shots are fired."
Nice 3-point shooting and dunk practice from RJ's eyes as he uses Snapchat Spectacles
I'd give it a day or two until it's nerfed but yeah force buys are a breeze with the R8 :/ The R8 is bullshit
"Wouldn't it be better if they spoke about how the political system actually worked? Christie Blatchford: Brazeau, Duffy and Wallin ought to just shut up and go quietly into the good night"
"You want dat Vegas route bruh Charge them fuckers, 5 for 1, 10 for 2. You'll pay for the flight by the time you land!"
"Well coming from someone who was saying Trump's broke and will get arrested for tax evasion by releasing his taxes to CNN, which are already in the hands of the IRS, that's not really an insult. Bravo. You won gold in mental gymnastics."
"Portugal pays his respects on the passing of President Higgins and will send a representative to his funeral. Mr. Higgins dies of heart attack. This morning, January 9th, Mr. Higgins was found dead. It was quickly asserted that he had died of a heart attack during the night. Ireland will mourn his passing. Elections will be held within 60 days."
but he clearly struggles to put a contact in his eye so I wouldn't trust him with more advanced equipment There are a couple of Doctors in South Africa too. Jannie du Plessis is a Pediatrician.
ROASTED Hey its the highest I've seen so far on reddit
Yeah planning ahead these days doesn't work what sounds good today might not in a few weeks lol. It'll be my reward lunch for getting through the test I think! That or a big greasy burger or something. See what the little man wants.
I was hoping to see some dong. That is one MASSIVE cock!
"What Province? Question about Loss Damage Waiver (LDW) for rental cars and how it affects personal premiums. I rented a car with Avis in California and received LDW through my employer. I have a Canadian driver's license, and got into an accident in the parking garage of a hotel (didn't hit anyone, just broke the side mirror of the car) and reported it to Avis. My question is if this accident would affect my own personal insurance premiums. Specifically, would this accident appear as an accident under my driving record?"
"He is a reporter over at ""The Vertical Daily"". If that guy were a reporter, he also wouldn't record in vertical. Makes me question what kind of reporter he is and what type of camera he was holding that wasn't a phone."
"IIRC its 112 in almost any country in the world to call the emergency call center. Top : Child abuse, you can prevent it. Under 112: Report(call) to become a hero for children."
I miss when those gave coupons for free snacks. Red go kart wins!
"78556 Giveaway time! Got a copy of Rebirth to give away. Pick a number between 73965 and 89523, whoever is the closest in the next ~24 hours gets it!"
Butthurt So mocking the LGBT movement is a good thing?
I hate you guys so so much most of the time. Hurricanes.
I'd love to see a video of this if you wouldn't mind pointing me in the right direction. Try getting killed by the mil-sim guys on Arma 3. The guys who are actual military are brutal.
"and then you're halfway 1. Set mechjeb to carry out burn. 2. Get married, move to Australia, move back, have kids, celebrate said kids 18th birthday, return."
"The social awkwardness is really cringey.... nah i was just joking around...implying that because you kept forgetting things, you werent very intelligent and likely didnt understand much. that would lead to the conclusion that you were not able to make money just a joke im sorry. if youre really offended, i can gift you reddit gold which i hear is apparently very exotic here or something?"
"I wish these were longer Beneath The Ice: The Swedes, Episode 2"
"Yes I get that. Well yeah, they arent going to do it for free.."
At least I'll leave a beautiful corpse. Zeppelin Rules!
Atleast half the post on this subreddit is one guy posting on his alts So... Why do you all sound like you're brain damaged? Seriously
Alprazalom definitely comes to mind. You should try eating a really disgusting tasting drug. When all you taste is the drug afterwards that loss of appetite sucks.
My middle name is Lee so all the time. How many male Kyle's out there get called Kylie? Or am I the only one?
"Yea, I've always been confused when Europeans blame Americans for the supposed ""smallpox blankets"" when the only recorded instance of a military officer suggesting such a thing was in a letter from one **British** officer to another. False. Genocide through germ warfare never actually happened. Thats another big lie we are taught. There are only two counts of military officers ordering their men to give small pox blankets to native populations, both were at times of war, and neither are confirmed to have happened, and neither instances were when America was an actual country. The genocide through germ warfare of the native peoples was unintentional."
Yeah I don't think that's entirely necessary to cockblock these guys. That would be the ultimate cockblock...holy shit.
"Cause he never orgasms from blowjobs, the give-up point is after at least half an hour of intercourse at which point we're both pretty tired, and he's not that attached to always orgasming. :( give up? Why not something else to satisfy him? There are so many options..."
"Unfortunately its the cold reality, prostitutes aren't there to make friends. You don't seem very nice."
Burrito How did you get your superpowers? OWE
"This is another one from back in the day. Ah, the Internet, where the men are men, the women are men, and the children are FBI agents."
"In that case, would *you* like to explain why? Agreed!"
He seems like a real nice guy. I don't think I've ever heard Roy Halladay say anything negative about anyone. He had the best attitude his entire career and it's things like this that make him the class act he's known for being
That's another +1 for torrenting. Without most of the original soundtrack. :-(
"Also, some apps misbehave or have bugs so bad they affect the underlying operating system, iOS should clear ram as it needs it but it doesn't always work as expected. Whilst this is true it does keep a very small bit of the memory still in usage, especially on the older devices/iOS versions. If you have a few hundred like she did you'll find a way to drain that suckers ram dry."
"I'm from Sweden and don't know what shamrock is, I just assumed it had to do with nazis... I saw 'shamrock' and 'shake' in the same sentence and forgot all about Nazis."
that courtroom episode tho.. FRANK CASTLE IS FINALLY HERE I fucking LOVED the Punisher in this show. Berthal nailed it. Easily the best thing about the entire show. I didn't expect him to be so perfect and to embody the role so well. Both his writing was spot on with the Punisher Maxx series. 12/10 would pay for Punisher spinoff
"What did you limit your calories to? The easiest way to lose weight is to calorie count and cut off the weight you don't want. Once I was at a weight I wanted (250) I started focusing on fitness goals, running races, strength goals, etc. I've had my weight fluctuate a lot and following this method really helps. When I try to focus on cutting weight and fitness neither goes as fast as I want and it makes the motivation way harder"
"- Neil ""Smoke de Grasse"" Tyson #How can le reasonable &amp; otherwise intelligent human being believe in old man with beard in heaven XD. So dumb lol. hahahha suck my dick religion lol damn I love sience and weed"
***they are desperate people.. you are watching a dying animal lash out a few last times*** Fox News just ran a story that Facebook is trying to classify DJT posts as hate speech and removing based upon that reasoning.
"A person of your caliber is a net negative on the world, so the more of your time is wasted, the better. Don't ask a question if you'll refuse to believe the answer, then. You're only wasting my time and your own."
Other breaking news...Water - wet. Jared Leto wants his Joker to appear in Ben Affleck's Batman film
"if its a good one, why not. It wasn't supposed to be. I'll upload a full-game, how about that?"
"Well, that wouldn't last long... The first part of the war would be a battle over air superiority with the U.S. Air Force."
"Why does this even need to be explained, you can see Fenix smiling through most of the video. Spot the people that have never been in an organized sport/team before. Roasting your teammates always happens. Even if Dom went too far, 100% guarantee you his intentions were to just rustle some jimmies and not truly offend Fenix"
Am I the only one who had an appropriately creepy tune play in my head when I saw this? Indeed my favourite show of all time
"To be honest, that's my suspicion as well This is totally speculation but maybe the adjuster is broken?"
"By the way, does the 100% bleed duration perk work with with thrown spears? It should deal the damage you see in the tool tip. The range there isn't random, it's based on how long you charge the attack. Pretty sure the backstab bonus doesn't apply when thrown, however. Bruais would know for sure."
"MUDs did it first, now get off my lawn! May be standard now, but EQ did it first."
in reverse That's what he built this to do... so he can drive to the garage...
SURPRISE MOTHERFUCKA! What sentence can you type that my mind will read in a certain voice?
"Yep, currently going through SG-1 on Hulu. Pretty sure hulu still has it."
This is exactly how most pornos start... Putin! It's not what it looks like!
Cat. Cat.
I meant small - s staples . They sell laptops now
"so much better than a roast potato. Butter, cream and salt. Give it a good whip, impale it with cheap sausages and drown it in gravy. Good mash deserves the triple death."
Al Gore was an inside job... You mean like Hillary did back in 2005...
**NO LLAMA NO** *THEY SAID YOU COULD NEVER TEACH A LLAMA HOW TO DRIVE*
"Don't worry the Appeals court will ride to the rescue of m'lady. In what appears to be first of its kind judgement in India, a Delhi court asked a woman to find a job instead of seeking alimony from husband."
What language was he speaking? NSFW - A man on Chicago's South Side was filming a selfie right before he gets shot
"Also, it's worth noting that with the free boosters from the event getting heroes to level 5 is much easier. To add to this, don't be afraid to try new heroes every week in QM when they become available, and play them to level 5 (which takes about 5 games). There will be heroes you are not comfortable with that you will learn to understand by level 5 - what their weakness is, and what their strength is will become apparent to some degree. This will not only teach you to be a better player, but also show you heroes that you're comfortable with that you never thought you would be. Only buy the heroes you're comfortable with. If you're new to the game, the ""meta picks"" aren't useful to you; the people you play against are not going to know how to play the meta picks anyway. Similarly, try playing with your own build in the first game or two before looking up a build so you can *understand* why the build works (and you can tweak it as you please). Again, these builds are designed around people that know how they work so they're less likely to impact you if you just blind pick them based on whatever the internet said."
I used to have one of those. This may be the weirdest keychain I've ever seen
"That one was posted on here when it came out yesterday, Key's picture is new :) What about the Taemin one?"
Well if nobody EVER finds out why would you NEED more than one? Only one? Why not seven?
"they look like they're difficult as fuck to stay upright on. Razr scooters are actually useful though. I can ride one of those things indoors through university campus, and the campus police are fine with it. Those hoverboards serve no utilitarian purpose to my knowledge. They are marketed, constructed and sold as a pseudo status symbol, and nothing more."
That is all they got I was watching the Cards broadcast. So many references to 2011...glad the Rangers swept.
"i dunno, but i'm probably going to guess they had to do with how goofy that guy looked in that picture. What were the comments?"
added Adding all Looking to add more friend safaris. I will add anyone who adds me.
"Then you'll need to either play with her clit or find a toy that does it for you while you have sex. She can orgasm from masturbation, which is why it's such a concern for me. She's had two boyfriends before me, but she only had an orgasm the one time and that was from being fingered. She says it usually takes about 3 minutes to get herself off from masturbation with her vibrator and about 10 minutes when she does it without her vibrator. Mostly she just plays with her clit and doesn't do any sort of penetration."
"Holy shit, I thought I was alone on this. I used to think STFU meant stuff you"
Impulse. Your type in one word What word do you often feel like it mostly represents your type? Ex: INFJ - Justice
"I doubt you'll get a serious conversation out of mception, seeing as how the socialism straw man has already been brought up. What about socialism involves an inherent lack of choices?"
"Steelseries Rival 300 is fucking fantastic Its cyber Monday! Anyone got suggestion for a good mouse? Need a good mouse for not just league, but other games as well. I play a variety of games from fps like csgo, to moba like league, so I need a mouse that can do all. I also don't want a mouse that is really complicated with a lot of buttons. Just two on the side is fine. Lastly, I have medium sized hands so not too large plz. Suggestions? thx"
And are young enough to be embarrassed about this shit. ITT: people who live with their mom and dad
"Nice In terms of species, yeah. In terms of total biomass, humans make up far more, mostly because of your mother."
"Call them Zika babies. If 4.3 babies are born every second, what do we do with the 3/10th babies?"
"That's a good dog :) My Dad just did that last week to my PTSD service German Shepherd. He kept lunging at her and making rawr noises just to antagonize her. I finally told him to stop provoking her, she will attack (she is specifically trained to keep threatening men away from me). He said that's why I was there, to keep her from attacking. He thinks she's an emotional support companion because I don't have the guts to tell him the PTSD is from him beating me weekly my entire childhood. Knowing how afraid of her he is makes me so happy. Also. I know I'm stupid for still letting him in my life. I'm working on it."
"Visual studio 20xe indents just about everything the way I like it by default. Properly indented code. Ah, tabs please."
"you stay away from my icebreaker dick Yes. I can't upvote this enough. Gjallarhorn and Icebreaker are not weapons so much as PVE tools. Must haves. Must use. If you have it and you're not using it, you're significantly kneecapping DPS. It also gets frustrating seeing nothing but ""LFM W/GJALL"" on lfg. Meanwhile all the new exotic weapons are complete garbage."
"Usually they say 'feminazi', so just using feminist as an insult is rather special. Only once?"
I didn't know their taxi service doubles as a towing service. Just your average night in Ventura Bay
"In famous last words of Ultron, you are UNBEARABLY naive. According to the DoL all the applicants had met the requirements specified by the company. Furthermore---they did in fact contact the company, but the company declined to comment on it. If they really had a sensible argument to question the applicants, then perhaps they should have said something. It's not like this is a local organization reaching out to them. It's the Department of Labor. You don't think they would mention security concerns to them? And they'd rather go to court than discuss it civilly? That's just nuts."
lol I went through tons of black friday/cyber monday sale lists and didn't EVER come across Civ V :'( It was on the Steam sales subforum but I didn't know how great it was then.
Can we go *one full day* without a repost of this? Dashing through the snowww! (Try not to scare the other drivers too much this year)
"Road rash or toy soldiers on n64, 4 player on a 12 inch screen in grandparents basement with the cousins crowded around waiting on the loser to give the controller What was the first game you remember playing?"
Subtle. Also the fact that it's colourless but should be Black based on the mana cost.
"Dollar Tree takes coupons too. I still buy a ton of stuff at Dollar Tree. Especially gift wrap, because it is ridiculous to pay over $6 for the same quality bag you can get for a buck at DT. And yeah I recycle the fuck out of gift bags at Christmas. I have one bag I have used for family gifts for at least three years running now."
"^^ There he is, way to ""burst our bubble"". Well some of them are pretty cool but honestly nothing crazy. Let me get my umbrella b4 the downvotes storm strikes"
"When I hear ""S Coupe"" it's not Tesla I think about. How? That is what the video shows."
"I remember him saying that too, but do you have a link to the video/tweet/post about it? So much for Smedley's bullshit bragging on how SOE (yeah, Daybreak now, STFU) and H1Z1 was going to be virtually hacker-free. Smed needs to do something fast or eat a large piece of humble pie and apologize to us for being such a huge bullshitter."
how does one acquire a criterion disk and booklet without the case? 2 Years In! My Collection
At least we got KH 1.5 and 2.5... I bought a damn PS3 on the promise of Kingdom Hearts 3 and FFXIII Versus. Now neither are going to be on it. GG Square Enix.
"Mlb has a game everyday, they get like 1 break per week on average? Who has the best pay out of NBA\MLB\NFL? I get that the MLB has like a game every 2 fucking days, but come on. Shouldn't they be making less money than the brain-damage factory and the knees-and-ankles cemetery?"
"""We're coming in too hot!"" You mean Star Wars - Episode III :P"
"Clean the house. If you could have someone of the opposite sex do one thing for you once a day, every day, for the rest of your life, what would it be? If you can, try to think of something other than sex, since that's a given."
"I blame Obama. Hey NBC, I thought this would be more obvious in television..."
"you get an upvote because that song should never die [](/flutterjerk) Heya Dash, it's Shy, from the cottage down the way. It's good to see you buddy, how've ya been? Things have been okay for me except that I'm a zombie now. I really wish you'd let us in."
"Well done This guy is an idiot, but he may have a point"
"Hmm lets see, 450/570=.789 so I would say that's pretty close to 80% The FV304... hitting for 80% of hp?! Must be a damned miracle"
"It's nice to hear that you could fix your problems with a solid overclock :) cpu bottlenecking should be a problem of the past now and since new AAA games seem to run good on multiple threads you should be fine for the next couple of years again without having to buy a new CPU+mobo :) ""May your frames be high and your temperatures low"" :) With new cooler allowed me to overclock to a solid 4ghz stable, not going over 55 degrees, so you can imagine my excitement. Now running at 350+ on most maps :D also had bad lag spikes and general lag of 40 fps in h1z1, but now I get 100fps almost at all times! It's amazing how much an overclock can do!"
If he gets signed do you think he's pull a Punk style exit with the SMASH Wrestling title? All of Fourth Gunn getting tryouts
"I thought that a long black was the same as an Americano, no? It really is becoming more popular around the world, now you lot are just missing the long black."
32v32 PVZ pls I want a conquest mode... I think that could be extremely interesting
"Lol seriously? i already uninstalled steam client, time to switch to blizzard/gog or become a console peasant"
"I'd like to think Moyes would want to rebuild his career, but there would be plenty of EPL and even Championship clubs that would gladly take him on. I think that might not actually be a bad choice. Could be good for him to rebuild his career at home with a team that's in Europe. Don't know if we could afford him though."
"SRS is its own breed of stupid Most of the posts on SRS's front page are also taken out of context or misquoted which is against their own rules, but yet the mods allow it. Really bugs me when the sub's original purpose was meant to be to call Reddit out on the shit that it says (not mis-leading people into making it sound worse)."
I mean if my hand is part of me then my hand is male too Handalf the Gay
"There is a credit card option Was about to get it but, is there no paypal option?"
Because not everyone's an asshole. Why wouldn't they be smiling? More dental problems means more profit for them.
I've noticed. Well I hate all baylor fans with equal passion and rage.
"It's just a shame they don't realize they have it backwards... they are the tares, we are the wheat. That was my immediate thought, too."
"Well that's good practice too, but if he's doing endos above 10 mph then he isn't applying the brakes hard enough to lock the front. OP is far more likely to endo or do a stoppie than lock up the front on a Ninja 300"
I was more for something that goes after the more blatant Skinner's boxes. I could go with a body that regulates blatant plagiarism. Anything else... seems overboard.
"I'm sure it's all natural and above-board. He's also leading the majors in wRC+, has walked more than he's struck out, and his ISO is the same as his batting average (.339.)"
"To correct this mistake I vote we change the name of the award to the Nolan Ryan Award! TIL That with 324 wins, 7 no-hitters, and 5,714 strikeouts, Nolan Ryan never won a Cy Young award."
"What metric's do you use to measure a ""monster salesman"" in a sex shop? Sounds like she's got a lot in common with my Asst manager. I would fire the guy, but, the owner is friendly with him, plus he's the only non-creepy white guy working here besides me. Dude may be lazy, but, he's a monster salesmen when he isn't slacking off. He has potential to be a good manager, but, his poor work ethic and ""i'm better then you"" attitude prevents him from ever rising above mediocrity."
I see what you did there. I figuratively studied donuts
"So there's some guy in a hut in Africa reading this and thinking ""what a backwards society this is."" National Geographic used to have articles about obscure African tribes with weird cultural practices. And Americans would read and be fascinated by it. Seems the tables have turned."
Off With Their Heads who's your favorite band that most of us have probably never heard of?
overtrapper :P tank?
"Yet, morons will keep voting National. John Key has an unbelievable solution for affordable housing"
"It's already started happening at this point, this week I played the same team 3x in a row because no one else was playing trials Please continue to stop playing Destiny If more and more of you stop playing Destiny, my passage to the lighthouse will be a piece of cake. So everyone out there drowning the rest of us in salty tears - please leave, all the Streamers saying the game is dead - please leave. Anyone else half decent at PvP - please leave. You will be doing me a big favour. kthxbye"
"If you put all the core files in the same folder and tweak it a little it could technically become one addon, but yeah, you are right. except TSM is 11 different addons so you would be stuck with the opening screen and options but none of the useful features"
Looks like Gabe Newell to me. I really like this mash-up of Theodore and Franklin Roosevelt!
"Jeez, that was fucking dark Lol, feminists are the worst"
Also pulled totw Reinhart but meh Decided to take advantage of the low prices and buy up Calgary
I ordered like 10 mins after it went up for Presale... There's no excuse for it taking this long yikes. I also ordered Heartbreaker by Ryan Adams from them. Went to go order it off PAXAM because I saw how long they took with Deja and it's sold out on PAXAM. Guess I'll get Heartbreaker in July...
"I would love to see a playoff rematch between OKC and Memphis with both teams completely healthy. after the season, you grab Conley and we will grab WestGOAT and have a throw down with a proper line up."
"Damn you. According to the National Institute of Automotive Alert and Readiness (NIAAR), the most useful items to have in your car are (in order of usefulness): * 3/8 inch threaded rod * SOS pads (or other abrasive steel wool based cleaner) * athletic shoes"
Wtf is a Voulube? 'Graphical Designers'
"we'll see, maybe he has Falcon's sort of wings, where they fold in The wings look so ridiculous and clunky. How does he do anything? He literally can't even use doors."
"This implies Jim Sterling actually knows what he's talking about, as opposed to shitting in the wind and hoping it hits something. About 70% of DOAX sales come from the west. It wasn't a random corporate decision Jim Sterling."
"I'd bet that the government would probably be more willing to torture him than actual terrorists. Edward Snowden: ""I told the US government I'd return to the US if I was guaranteed a fair trial The United States responded with a letter from the attorney general saying they promised they would not torture me."""
"Was there for a couple hours on Saturday, fun times The Waterfront is the place to be!"
"oh no, people are doing something to increase their flow of revenue dump them all? They don't HAVE to milk it for subs lol."
Your monitor matches your keyboard it's __ultrawide__ My desktop setup
why did u take tabs lol? haha fuck
is this postmodern art Since white supremacist see Asians as a model minority they created a meme about killing blacks using Koreans on rooftops from the LA riots as a PC cover for what they really want to say.
"*looks out the window of the liquor store he works in on the south side of town and sees the signs of 3 check cashing places* I wish I were joking. Over abundance of Cash Checking places/Liqour stores, unkempt yards/homes, in the US usually the south side of the town or city."
Gotta get those page views for ad revenue somehow. The Seraphim Vault is in TDB where you rescue Rasputin in Siege of the Warmind. Do you even?
"""Zuccarell-a's Mozzerella"" Nash-Tea (Comes in all flavors) Zucc-Ini sticks. (nice and healthy)"
"It implies negativity. I've never really understood this. Racism is about superiority, if you just generalize a race isn't that just generalizing, with racism being a negative generalization?"
My biggest regret in life is listening to my parents and not enlisting in the Marines. Marine Tug of War
Cool Jimmy Garoppolo was 1 of 2 for 6 yards. He had a higher passer rating than both of the Jets QBs combined.
"... and they wonder if STEM funding is a good use of Tax Dollars? saw a sign at a homeless rally that said ""42% of the homeless population are women!"" How fucked up is that? that should be a mens rights argument but in the delusional mind of SJWs its an argument for feminism. for some reason they think its fucked up that there are homeless women but not homeless men."
The oligarchy rewards it's own. Elizabeth Warren is on her way to becoming the most powerful liberal in the Senate
A legacy worth leaving. My friend just found this in the obituaries...
"Both decisions are horrible, but right now Flash is considered bigger them the 2nd coming of Jesus, so no one seems to care about that. Henry Allen/Felicity Smoak In the season 3 finale of the flash, Henry Allen says basically the exact same line to Barry that felicity says to Laurel and Diggle in either the finale or penultimate episode. Barry says to Henry, ""How could you believe that?"" In regards to Henry's belief that everything happens for a reason. Henry responds ""Because I have to!"". Why all the flack on Felicity but none on Henry?"
"Dude I don't care what you think, swearing is downright fucked up. Swearing"
"As we all know the medical field gets cheaper with time.... Material cost of a 3D printed cast would be fairly minimal, proper scans of the arm/leg/whatever would be a fairly expensive machine most likely though. That and equipment to print said cast. Realistically all of those costs will keep coming down though."
"Not that I don't believe you, but do you have a source for this? Yeah, they did. He is polling at 56% among independents AFTER his comments on muslims."
"Are people meant to jerk of to this kind of stuff? Best i saw was this girl was cuddling with her soft toy bunny and she said ""i wish you were real we'd have so much fun"" the guy was outside the room and heard he later came back dressed as a rabbit and convinced her he was her soft toy that came to life"
Pretty sure that's the French chick from Goblet of Fire who is one of the tri(quad)- wizard competitors Who is her hot friend ?
perfect for the new total war. I might use it like warhammer in games.
"Hahaha baas I know that feels, it's very common in the Netherlands. The children/teenage turks and moroccans fill the streets and don't have any respect for our country. Ik kom uit Haarlem, maar ben al een paar maanden in Amerika om Trump te zien winnen! Ik ga weer weg net na de inauguratie."
"I don't exactly know what's holding them back from releasing the season pass maps for offline modes just yet, but they said that those will be coming as well at some point if you've bought the season pass. I've been waiting for more offline crap for months. I got the season pass and none of the stages were available offline. I only want to play it offline with my friends but there is 0 support. Pisses me off"
Frump could build his wall at the mason dixon line then. Intersting so this aligns with your thoughts on illegal immigration how?
"As a note: The last time I saw an analysis of this; a young, smart person needs about $4M to retire. Well god damn, I could probably retire off the lint in your pocket."
That might be effective as well! I'm crying.
"You skip getting to see how awful people are at doing your job. Brand new to X-COM 2, wondering if I miss anything if I skip the tutorial? In XCOM1 the tutorial had a little bit of cool story stuff in it, if I skip the tutorial in 2, what do I miss?"
You got to be pretty crazy to automatically go after the chick who fucked your husband rather than your cheating husband Got this today. There was one under the windshield wiper of every car in the grocery store parking lot.
Proper. Magical
that winston was probably typing in chat .-. 0.5/3 awareness
Jean-Ralphio What tv show character would not make it in the real world?
I feel like it's only a matter of time before a sour 'arms race' begins and is ultimately concluded with someone literally peddling their malt vinegar as a 'sour beer.' The Greatest Troll Beers of All Time
Everyone likes their own brand. I like the smell of my balls.
"Are you intentionally describing the Browns? How much power does an owner really have? How bad would they have to mess up until the rest of the league would step in? Let's say an owner goes crazy and decides he wants his team to have the least amount of fans possible. So he makes the stadium really shitty, changes the team name to something stupid, and fields the worst team possible. When would the NFL step in and make him stop doing crazy stuff?"
"Lets send this one to the Mythbusters, they can wrangle up a few hundred stray cats, and throw em in that dry dock they're always at. It's hard to get accurate data on this kind of thing, since it's only based off of cats that are brought to a medical center. Cats that die outright or are completely uninjured/run away are unlikely to be brought to a vet."
California is different because gas cars newer than 1976 still need to be able to pass smog/comply with BAR. Probably the same way they do it for others. Cars that are over 25 years old are eligible.
"still a Disney girl, she's the voice of Candace on Phineas and Ferb, a Disney show. Ashley Tisdale is a former Disney girl. Idk who the other one is"
"God damn that's frightening but, not at all unexpected. Obama Calls for State Approved Media &amp; Internet Filtering"
"Goodbye Horses by Q Lazarus Pants down, what is the sexiest song you know?"
"Naomi smiles, stretching. *Lilly climbs up next to her, laying behind her, wrapping her arms around her.*"
"You seem to differentiate between balancing the economy and balancing the races where in fact it's 2 sides of the same coin and you can't have one without the other. Its not OUR job to balance the races. Our model is simply another way of achieving the design goals of Blizzard in a different way. Sorry you are so mad about it? We aren't truly slowing down the early game. If you play it you will see that its actually faster than HotS. Also we don't account for differences between races but we do concede that some of the things in hots might need to change. However people seem to assume that 8 is the full cap on a base which would super favour Zergs. This isn't the case, zerg is still capped on their production by larva, and gas, for example as well as total number of hatches and this is all in relation to the opponent. If the other player does anything aggressive to impact the zerg and slow them down the zerg wont have some sort of instant 5 minutes 70 drone supply. And you don't seem to get the ""10 minutes of filler"" issue. If there isn't a base to attack and there isn't anything to slow down theres no reason to do anything within those 10 minutes. The ""10 minutes"" are also HotS time. Not real time. In terms of real time the first ""10 minutes"" in hots are 6ish minutes real time. And the first 6 minutes of LotV aren't always full of action either."
Already happening! Honestly this should be the next series picked up by a TV network or Netflix. I would love a Damage Control series dealing with the MCU.
"The ""kill yourself"" option didn't work? I was stuck in this car for a good 5 minutes before someone finally decided to blow me up."
"His Monday was really, really, shitty. dude.... its Tuesday"
"In the op 10 episodes of all time IMO, shame Kitty isn't on anymore she was a really good guest. PKA Rewind #3: Episode 52 w/ PaintballKitty &amp; Holiday Doc"
Fuck off Batum please
"I'm saying it is a absolute fallacy to say ""Reagan didn't raise taxes"" He raised taxes 11 times. What are you even trying to say right now? It is indisputable that Reagan vastly cut tax rates, even accounting for small increases later on. Google the historical brackets."
"12 Fucking Monkeys Fucking Half Baked Home Alone Fucking Which movie title is vastly improved if you insert the word ""fucking"" into it?"
"Yeah, why should the company decide who gets to be on their payroll? I can't be the only American here that thinks the U.S. is like the worst place to work, right? Shit like this seems to happen all too often."
"I was expecting some Babi Yar ghost stories Kiev, Ukraine. There's a ww2 monument with an old tank near main building of one of the universities. They say when a virgin graduates the tank makes a shot. Up to this day I've never heard of it shooting once."
"Ya, his stuff does get a little samey....disappointing about him though.... He's very quiet. Not very sociable. I got really into his stuff but after like the 5 of 6th book about alien vaginas and post-apocalyptic TankGirl-esque books, I was done. He's not a *mean* person, he's just not very *nice* and he got a little bit of an ego there for a bit. We were in a movie together and he wrote a couple of very short pieces for my old zine when I was a teenager. I was in the whole ""bizarro"" scene until it started fizzling away and people broke off into their own thing. It's been years since I've heard from or spoken to him, though. I didn't even recognize those book titles. I am still very good friends with one of the authors I met during that whole time, though."
mirror link? Compromising ISP issued 802.11 wireless cable modem networks for profit
"Dude, if you're a troll, you suck at it, your comment karma is positive :/ Whichever one will make you more outraged."
What does this have to do with Bernie? Guess what happened when heavily armed white men decided to roam the streets of Ferguson...
"I would also like to know. Matt Drudge Wants to Know: ""Why Would Anyone Vote Republican?"""
x can't be 0 What happened marath....?
Balance in all things Why Path of the Blossom is terrible in one picture
"I love that girl part, it's so harmonic I always like in Means to an End (The Greatest Betrayal) ""BOUNCE MOTHERFUCKERS"" and then the growl. That little breakdown is fanfuckingtastic."
"Wait for 20 minutes and go for baron regardless of the situation Contrary to Koreanadvice, what is your NAadvice"
"... You have given me a task for today. Yep, try to beat Adventure Mode."
gib back pl0x? Everyone in Europe and Asia. But most notably Greece. We get along now. Both countries have too much shit on their hands to care about each other. Hate between individuals mostly stays on the level of 15 year old teens swearing at each other with broken English in Youtube. People mostly think we still hate each other or something.
"It's illegal unless the streamer is OK with you using it. Question about twitch highlights The other day I uploaded a clip I thought was funny from a twitch stream I was watching to show a few friends. It recently got a small influx of views so I'm assuming it was linked somewhere. Anyways, someone commented that it was stolen content. It's not monetized and the streamer doesn't have a Youtube channel (I linked his twitch in the description as well). Legal or no?"
"This is what I feel is happening every time some seemingly positive bill passes without much opposition. Reddit, you are granted a single wish from a genie who WILL try to ruin it for you. What do you wish for, and how do you phrase it to avoid it backfiring? Standard genie rules apply. No wishing for other wishes, genies, lamps, or ways to obtain other wishes. You get one wish, period."
Something similar was posted here a while ago Felt this belonged here (x-post from r/WTF)
"I'm not sure if you are aware how companies operate and jobs work. Criticize the President and he'll criticize you back if it's warranted. Why is this a bad thing? The guy is objectively terrible at his job, his job is to protect the Carrier employees and he let all their jobs leave."
Because that worked so well the first eight years... Change?! Obama 2016?!
"How can you even tell she has abs from this pic? Pretty much ideal in my book. Some guys might say tone the abs, but I don't like that on a girl. 9/10"
I can do 89+1. 89?
"Patrick Norton, many years ago, Systm I built a cheap backup device out of a car battery that keeps my home Internet on during power outages."
"'hi (;' XP feeling risky, say hi (;"
"Oh nice, thank you. No, you don't need to swap anything but the motor, trans, and harness."
"I don't get it what did he do? Voter turnout low and yet...A Hispanic man delivers absentee ballots, and now conservatives want him dead"
"Just leave it man he ain't worth it. Because the UK had over 100 years of peace with European countries until WW1? Because his statements show that he was a victim of American education. He's literally too American to have basic knowledge of world history because he's uneducated, fat, disgusting, uncultured and a gigantic piece of garbage. Like his entire country."
"Accepting bets for how long until these weapons end up in hands of ISIS or similar in ah... you know, ""battle""? ""The US State Department has approved a $1.29 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia, which includes as many as 13,000 precision guided weapons or smart bombs. The sale comes as Human Rights Watch charges that Saudi airstrikes in Yemen 'have indiscriminately killed and injured civilians.'"""
Feels like Game One against Washington only worse. GAME THREAD: Eastern Conference Finals Game 1: Hawks vs Cavs No highlights. At the game. Go Hawks. Fuck the Cavs.
do do do do doo doo doo Orly?
The fuck RTZ and Universe
"there is a way on YouTube to select what type of ads you get, I found it once but don't remember how No. If they are depending on ads that either a) give me malware or b) are LONGER than the thing I want to watch in the first place, they deserve to fail. Be more picky about the ads you serve and maybe people won't mind them."
"Guy changed my life. As adhominem as this is, I don't trust the guy nor his experience because he made his success in teaching others how to be successful. Talks the talk, but never walked the walk. The general things he says applies. But most of the people who attend his seminars want to be successful in other fields."
"Martin: "" I bel..."" ""Thank you governor."" Wow. O'Malley starts to answer the question, Lester ""I'm sorry, the question's for Bernie."" Cold."
"If he comes back, AND leads them to the Super Bowl, in ARIZONA nonetheless, Hooooly shit. Darnell Dockett and others ask Kurt Warner to suite up"
"# S E C R E T S A U C E # E # C # R # E # T # S # A # U # C # E Somewhere out there, Jeb is looking at this picture with a turtle in one hand and his erect penis in the other edging over a bowl of guac."
How many games is that? Today marks exactly 3 years since Clemson last lost at home Longest active streak in CFB and a school record.
Mechanical keyboards should survive such drink Girlfriend's elbow decided my K60 was thirsty.
Did you say you love the stories or do you need to say it again? Please share your story I love stories where people get shot lol. I know a ton of friends who have been shot and I love the stories. Sorry for your leg tho
"It's not, this is cheap chinese fake off Alibaba Can anyone tell me if this is a real St. Gaudens coin?"
trying to cover they're tiny toddler asses i see Don't you love it when you can smell the bullshit in the air?
"so late to the party lol, people are downloading the patch right now Leak of Christmas Skins!"
"what genre of music do you listen to? You are a jerk. AND you are still wrong. Here is why: The song starts off with 4 beats in 4/4. The phrase then has a hemiola that carries out in 3 measure patterns of 4/4. You COULD interpret this as two measure patterns of 6/8 (it does mathematically work that way), but there are clear downbeats at the beginning of each patter of 4. Feel the larger groupings and you will find where the measures lie. An argument can be made either way, but please don't question my credentials simply because I interpret music differently than you. I am a composer and it is my job to interpret music in my own way."
"Yeah, but the Stormcloaks don't let an army bent on literally destroying the world (Thalmor) stroll on the streets I think this is what the Imperials said about the Stormcloaks."
"The time you will waste doing the slow methods is better spent getting the reqs for the fast mining methods. My account is a week old, so getting those requirements done will take a loooong time."
explain for non miscers? he's also red on that forum lol miscers would understand
"Appreciate the advice man, I'll see how I look in 8 weeks or so and work from there. Yeah eating 160g at 160lbs would be more than enough to gain some muscle even while on a cut. I am just telling you not to overthink the muscle loss thing, it was a thing i was stressing about when i started lifting and cutting later."
"Allu to faze pls And allu had a 1.29 rating, best in server."
dafuq did i just read lol I hope you warmed up before stretching that far. You're liable to pull a muscle that way
LOL Summary: it doesn't work.
"Ah, City fans and their signature stupid generalizations. Ah, United fans and their signature sense of humor."
"ok After 2016, not only will I never vote for Hillary Clinton, but I will never vote democrat again."
Inb4 four straight turnovers I think we're gonna win a game fellas!
"I now want to drop acid and witness this spectacle in person Secondary unrelated fun idea I came up with while laying around with the flu: put working front and rear lights on the cars, make the numbers glow-in-the-dark and turn off the track lights at a night race. That would be enjoyable to me at least."
Number 2 will shock you! 3 Reasons CSGO should be Free to Play
"Graduated last year, work with athletics Alum or student at TUNA"
"And I can't wait to eat her pussy again! Her name is Alberta, she lives in Vancouver!"
"what exactly are you searching/looking for that you ""come across"" a picture of your cock... I sent my wife a cock shot a few years back. It was taken with a DSLR and posed in a somewhat artsy way with shallow depth of field and nice diffused lighting. As nice as a cock shot can be. I have, not a huge cock, but bigger than most guys. But in the photo it looks massive. She sent it to her friend like, ""Look what I've got"". Her friend posted it in a Facebook group. Someone, or several someones, saved it and posted it all over the fucking internet. I occasionally see my cock on imgur, Bing images, even Facebook. People re-post it on Reddit. I've seen it on ads for penis growth products and gay hookup sites. It's weird to see it in new places. Thankfully it's all cock. Nothing else. Even my balls are defocused. You certainly can't tell who it belongs to."
IT'S NOT EAAAASY BEING WHIIIIIIIITE ITSNOT EZZZ BEING BROOOOOWN Black Delly and White Delly?
"Clearly they arent fish if they dont roll. Can they roll, though?"
"So it's just as if equality was an opposite of feminism That's basically the argument of the comment section. They never answer the question, they just say ""how can you be pro lgtb and equality when you support Christianity, equality, and ALM?"" Not even kidding. Then they block you."
"You suck :'( I came here for giggles, not feels Sugar flier"
"That isn't what racism is It is a wee bit racist, the whole white starts first deal, other than that you are correct."
"While I entirely get your point, there IS a reason behind this clarification: it helps people (who were agnostic/gnostic theists in transition) strip away the last vestiges of gnostic theism. Why so worried about labeling people?"
"Weird, do you think there was a split in the time line? I could have sworn it was 2015, but now all of the sudden all my calendars are saying 2016? What?"
The fucking jump cuts jesus Selfie Tennis being demoed on the HTC Vive
Gundam Tassadar Demon Hunter Furion Warden Tyrande imo 3 sweetest skins in game? Haven't seen many skins used yet. Which ones look awesome?!?
They don't have unlimited plans in there. I have used spectranet for almost an year before they stopped service in my apartment complex. The speed was fairly good and the best part was the absence of fair usage policy. So you could just keep on downloading and downloading.
I always thought black girls should get their weave from lions This lion is healthy as fuck. Lions are reverse super saiyan and their manes become blacker when they are stronger and blonder when they are weak or malnourished. Lionesses go in for the black more too.
lol Excuse me but LB is still cool.
Freedom Fries! What American product would sell like hotcakes in a country where that product isn't already available?
"Uh, you're welcome haha Awesome thanks!"
I think he was better in the reno 911 movie I liked him in Marvel: Agents of Shield
Meh. Why are Git users always loyal? They are committed.
How is this not anti competitive? Apple Buys HopStop and Immediately Drops Windows Phone Support
Is it live on NA or only PBE? Yup!
4Chan. I'm new around here: What website are all of these posts from?
"You know, not having tons of meth heads running around stealing to make their shit. What benefit does a drug being illegal give society?"
"SPOILERS! Live Discussion (October 1st, 2016) (Margot Robbie / The Weeknd) Welcome to the SNL season premiere live discussion thread! This week's host is Margot Robbie, and the musical guest is The Weeknd. A quick recommendation to mention the sketch you're referring to in your comment. It's not a hard and fast rule, but it does make the thread more readable after the show finishes. Since this thread is likely to fill up quickly, consider sorting the comments by ""new"" (instead of ""best"" or ""top"") to see the newest posts. Enjoy the show!"
Only because EA forced Microsoft to make an exception and allow that kind of server infrastructure. BF3 on console allows you to do this.
Fundamentalists What is creepy to you?
"I'm sure a debate has taken place on wikipedia as to whether it should have its own article or be merged into the article for the book... Wouldn't want to confuse it with the book, would we?"
Beautiful My 'escape reality' corner
"Uh no Compared to the rest of the lineup, yes he is. He's one of our slowest players. That's why his break-out goal the other day was so impressive."
1v1 me NHL 16 Canadian teams only! hockey isn't #1
"Most of them would first respond with ""are you sure it's mine?"" Well most of them will *say* they would keep it, of course."
Let's hope it wasn't a dickpic. No I accidentally sent a snapchat to this girl I'm trying not to talk to right now and i don't knwo what the fuck I sent
"It's from gyfcat...and why do you give a shit? Why would you post gif version, and not just gfycat?"
Correct me if I'm wrong but wouldn't a lower ASA produce a cleaner image anyway? what does ASA (not iso) have to do with image quality exactly? What reasoning do you have that an 8 bit image could possibly approach the quality of film?
"Howard is like ""Welp."" Ricardo Rodriguez free kick goal against Everton"
"How come no one has said Loic Remy? What striker can Arsenal realistically sign? I hear Costa but do you think he would leave the leading team in La Liga and getting offers from the best clubs in the world. If Bayern sign another striker, maybe Mandzukic will sign for Arsenal but still unlikely. Cavani is too expensive. With the new Puma deal, I can see them sign Reus but he is not a striker."
those tracer rounds looks like someones just off camera tossing fireworks lol. Turkish soldiers chilling at an outpost are lit up by Kurdish machine guns
"I played titanfall on x1 and PC both felt pretty smooth for wall running and movement it's one of the things I felt respawn acts did well with the game. I did, even prestiged twice. Maybe I'm just misremembering but I do not remember it feeling as smooth as it feels to me in BlOps 3."
"LMAO RIP Aaaand there's me, with a mad catz rat 5 with built-in acceleration and laser sensor. FML."
It's happening! PATCH 3.1.0 AT NEW PATCH TIMES
I couldn't get a car loan because the bank said it was a bad VIN number I tried to buy tickets for that but I had to use an ATM machine and I couldn't remember my pin number
"You realise the author worked for Gillard and now works for a progressive think tank, right? You realise that the author of this piece is literally grey haired and middle aged, right? And that millennials are not even mentioned once in the article?"
Easier to live a life full of lies than to wake up to the truth. No shit. Why are they falling for obvious pandering? Hillary could give two shits about LGBT rights other than gaining the votes behind them.
"I've seen a lot of the list, but the one name I'll probably never get to see (other than the dead ones) is Tom Waits. Why Can't Daft Punk just tour already!? Every festival in the world creams their pants with just the thought of booking them. It better happen in 2017. They are the only group on my Must See Live list that I haven't yet. Who's on your Must See Live list?"
"So am I. I'm not a fan of underage booty, but I am a fan of moms."
"Yes, interested? Still have Shaymins?"
"Are we sure it wasn't just a Whale they covered in Tinfoil? U.S. Official: North Korean Submarine is Missing, Presumed Sunk"
:( the amount of people in that subreddit is a scaled down resemblance of The Trop attendance.
"DAE beautiful? Due to constant snow, I never realized how beautiful the College of Winterhold really is."
"Ironically you have to be on drugs To think Zappa's music is good Case in point, Frank Zappa. Clean, and way out there."
Nope! Is there no re-nom if America's nom comes down?
"i can't stand venturiantale, so annoying the fandom is dying."
Pit Who's your go-to character in Super Smash Bros.?
"Do you live in Europe? Fuck. You just brought back memories of elementary school. The sinks had those types of handles but two seperate faucets for hot and cold, but no sink stopper. You either scalded your hands clean or doused them in arctic water."
"Fucking friends Which tv show title is vastly improved if you insert the word ""fucking"" into it?"
*Shots fired* Facebook friend/Packers fan in Chicago
"3 year old account, -96 comment karma. ""for literally no reason"" Pretty good evidence you were kicked for a good reason."
"""Yoooooooooooo... yo wadup?!"" Drunk at a party"
"I wasn't aware professional athletes wear their team jerseys to accept awards. Shitpost. Its Riot Sanctioned and He's representing the largest brand in North American League of Legends. When you receive an award at work, you wear your work attire, representing the company that you work for."
holy crap that shirt rules Walked into work today and didn't check what I was wearing... Hail Zombie
They warned already. Hopefully Yadi doesn't get plunked. Hopefully he hits a fucking 550 ft homer.
You have to switch the music player to spotify in the settings menu why won't spotify update on cleartext ?
"I don't think he's a douche, but he seems to pretend he's one of the cool, womanizer old school blues guys when he's clearly a guitar nerd. Joe B just feels like a douschebag to me, I dont get it. I'm sure hes a good person, He just has that vibe."
"looks good but feels really ""floaty"" all you gaming vets know what i mean STYX: MASTER OF SHADOWS - ASSASSIN'S GREEN"
"So... Like the apple stores then? imagine a fancy ""toyota store"" where young hip car enthusiasts trained by toyota actually tell you about the cars out of passion, with no commission model. Where a Camry has a fair flat rate price dictated by headquarters thats non-negotiable and the same EVERYWHERE in the states. ^ that scares the dealers."
"let me introduce you to a downvote. Reddit, let me introduce my favorite riding partner, Zoey. From day one until now."
She's lost three that I can see. Typical day in the CBD.
Wine symbolises Jesus' blood etc. Looks like Andorra and the Vatican in purple. The Pope is clearly a severe alcoholic.
"I thought it was going to use the 3ds camera, it's just a screen shot feature=/ Dragon Quest VIII on 3DS will feature a Camera Mode"
"That's the funniest line I've ever seen on reddit. Robot rolls out after: ""Anyone else want to negotiate?!"""
"Technically correct is the only kind of correct to a corgi. Corgi ""Obedience"" - when something sets him off barking and we can't get him to shut up, he gets a ""time out"" with a command to go onto his bed. He complied ... technically."
The irony... ITT lots of people who don't know the handball rule.
"Well, regression will happen pretty soon I'd be guessing then Matt Ryan is currently averaging 10.4 yards per pass. No quarterback has averaged over 10 yards per pass since 1954, and his closest competitor is Philip Rivers, 1.9 yards per attempt behind him."
"Excluding the Palestinians (who have legitimate reason to be upset), yeah pretty much. Why do these people want to harm Israel? Are they just congenital anti-semites?"
My only question is how do u type in global chat from that screen? It probably took him 110 attempts...
Gordon. 12 Team Standard Scoring Pick 1 J. Gordon vs. CIN L. Miller @NE J. Edelman vs. MIA D. Herron vs. HOU
Hangout in my cumbox without getting flak from friends. What can your kid do that you can't?
fingers crossed for another Alive tour in 2017 Daft punk discovery
To late for some! ...time to go
But but Jon.... &lt;/3 TRAILER IS OUT
"And revert back ""Do the needful"" is also amazing"
damn wyozonaboma dropping the knowledge on me lol thanks you never play a thursday night player in your flex. Play Hillman at RB and then if ellington doesn't play you can sub in a wr. That being said I'm not worried about Ellington. He's been listed as questionable all year
That's really bending the truth a bit. Who knew Apple was actually ahead of the *curve* for a change.
Yeah that'll teach you to not sit on your hands and wait for the dark souls release date when your store already released it! The best in-game piracy punishments
i like your style Several years ago my brother gave me a wrapped gift box with another wrapped box inside it. There was a card that explained that the gift was a prewrapped regift and should not be opened but stored until I needed a gift to give. Only I was to gift it as he had... As gift to be regiven. I told him I wasn't about to turn Christmas into a pyramid scheme and set it ablaze in the driveway.
Hyperspace drives or something that would let us travel far away. What fictional item would you love to see invented in real life?
Afraid of getting old of getting old getting old old is 75 Healthy British nurse ends her life in a Swiss clinic because of fear of getting old
"It's only weird from an armchair. I wonder what happened to the old men and women aboard the titanic. Were they like, well you don't have long to live anyway so make room. Or were the elderly allowed on the boat first. It gets really weird when you start to decide who lives and who dies."
"Infinity Atheist people of reddit who were once religious, what changed your mind?"
Pssst... it was a joke. Lol can you even call this advertising
"The 1968 of the right-wing. 2016 is going down in the history books, with this and the US election coming up as well as a major shakeup of the EU. Holy shit."
"How do you feel about the possibility of having sociopath children? Yes, I was a soldier. As far as I know it is just who I am. As far as I can remember I have always had antisocial personality disorder. I was not abused as a child however sociopathy runs in my mother's family, both my uncles have the disorder to varying degrees. While I revel in attention I don't have time and I think several sociopaths have done AMA's. I'm more, feel free to ask me any questions you may have about my confession."
"Your landlord should be responsible for housing you in a safe place if you are being threatened the way you say you are and they know about it. OT: Guys, I seriously need real life help. An alcoholic destroys our life."
"So what did he say when you reminded him of his character flaws? My former boss saw that I was politically active locally. He called to let me know what he thinks about my ""needing a crutch for my problems."""
thumbnail removal why is this NSFW?
"By the time you actually get the bloodrage, it's not often actually still useful in my experience, I usually just want it for the execution - but that's just me probs Hydra costs a lot of gold, and you definitely won't still be in laning phase by the time you have it. Not to mention that it'll have to be E AA W Q pretty much all the time. Besides, when you get that 200 bonus AD, what's more effective? Another 14 AD or 25% AS?"
"Which you know... is why she's charged with possession and not use. Depends upon the state. There are ""duty to retreat"" provisions in place in some states. This young lady sounds pretty much cornered and forced to defend herself, but it is a potentially important factor to consider."
Oh and Unemployment numbers are the amount of people on unemployment subsidy and probably doesn't come close to representing the real number of working-aged people who don't have jobs. If you could look more closely you'd probably find that unemployment numbers are a lot different when you factor out all the workers from other parts of the country that are up there for resource related jobs and their support.
I looked for an entry with Wolff's name in the title and didn't find it. First saw it there.
They are 10% more CPU intensive? But newer cpus aren't actually that much better. Maybe 10% better
"I put beers on the wings, didn't help... :( My guess is that you aren't generating enough lift. Make your pitchers a bit bigger, same for the Rollers."
"Look at what website that came from. Wow that's insane, great information!"
And hold up the passage of anything else. I think we need to waste another $10m to find out the same information.
"Congratulations, you've made 0 contributions to this discussion Lol just remove her from the game if you make her that squishy xD"
"still better than the gw2 subreddit... It's been established that this sub is SHIT when it comes to using the voting correctly. If you're too positive about wildstar, negative, or you aren't posting art, people down vote you."
"literally, on the front page, right now. The paradox of Pugna and Io. Pugna: Life Drain can now be targeted on allies, allowing Pugna to drain his own life into them. Io: Tether yourself to an allied unit, granting both of you bonus movement speed. When you restore health or mana, your target gains 1.5x the amount. Any enemy unit that crosses the tether is slowed. The tether breaks when the allied unit moves too far away, or Io cancels the tether. INFINITE HP? oh wait, Pugna's MP. BUT STILL?"
"You can type random letters or words behind a link, yeah. you can search people's dropbox lol?"
Dem tittays Eminem. Upvote so when people search for eminem this pops up
"Let me guess, you live in the southern united states. No, it was you, and everyone like you. What's sad but unsurprising is that you don't even understand why."
"Stallag and Fuegen aren't key, but they can have a strong presence in the right deck. Ye only key legend is loatheb 1600 Kel is ok but not a key card and all others are crap"
Would r8 8/8 m8 2Gamers
"Penalty nom for the following week is my guess, but we don't have a copy of the rules so... whatever production decides. Once veto has already happened &amp; they can't be put up. What is the penalty if a have not eats regular food?"
Do they have any MAGA Menorahs? Trump peddles $149 MAGA Christmas ornament
"In Kerry, Ireland, theres a puck fair, where a goat is elected ""king"" So an AI horse got control of a county..."
"They'd have to keep it contained in a magnetic field or the urine would melt the cup. If they ever test this guy, they need to protect his B Sample like its the nuclear launch codes"
Is he the Arab Justin Mapp? Justin Meram - Soccer Skills &amp; Goals
THE DREAM IS DEAD BOYS NFL Draft 1st round
Maybe he could try scuba diving. What about Stephen Hawking?
"Such brave and noble people gotta love that hypocrisy! SRS MODS HAVE LOST IT, TELL ALL OF REDDIT TO GO ""F THEMSELVES"""
Sneaky cab driver strikes again! fuck uber i would rather take five cabs than uber once
"Tell that to Zane Lowe Radio DJ. Once the tastemakers, now they scramble for relevancy and employment in a world of podcasts and internet radio."
"But Brian Williams gets fired after one, you can't explain that! What's the tally of lies he's been caught in up to now? 20? 30?"
Each star cap wins a copy of FO4 Too bad they didn't also make sunset sarsaparilla with some star caps...
"I'd like to test as well please Yes sir, you're on the list :)"
"Are these the ones from seed? Transplanted my apple trees over the weekend, 28 trees so far."
It's going to be peripherals for the current gen vive and HOPEFULLY new SteamVR features. HTC has a 'big announcement' for 'U' on January 12. Details are under wraps . Vive 2 reveal possible.
"If you fail a hasty touch, you might need that extra CP for a repair to give you more chances. buffer for what? Hasty Touch isn't using CP?"
"Not really, but to be fair: No gamer I know takes them serious anyway. Polygon is more interested in telling gamers that we're garbage for being male than they are in actually knowing how to play games. Is this surprising? XD"
"I thought the funniest part was Bucky and Sam in the car. Man after AoU, looking back it didn't seem like there were many jokes at all. They just came from Scott and Peter Parker. Actually the funniest thing in the movie wasn't really a joke, but the gag with Tony telling telling General Ross that he enjoys watching his phone blink while on hold. Quite the Ari Gold line, I love it."
Patient ZERO Suspected Mers-Cov patient flees Miri hospital - The Rakyat Post
"They scare the living shit out of me To be fair, teenagers really are the worst."
"Sit in protesters basically. Should we call them militants? Domestic terrorists? Given their racist background, I like ""Vanilla ISIS..."""
"""Weak-ass"" player that is oddly in the same league as you are. It's very common for people to be jungle+support mains. It's basically the same role. You don't need to last hit and you help some weak ass player perform ;-)"
eBay Where do you buy your food?
Based Nippon. Japan is god tier when it comes to shit like this
"Everything Krugman writes in his column is an opinion piece with no evidence... why disregard one and not the other? You just linked me 2 opinion pieces with no evidence. The first one is just a random guys blog post essentially, the second is drivel."
"What's HH, Horrible Histories? Soaps and HH. They promote bad behavior to schoolchildren and get away with it. The get away with it part is ITV. They were rewarded the rights to air a show that was on the BBC and the Met Office. ITV and everyone are equally responsible with this mess they created. Hell, if they learned their lesson, they would cancel HH and move the soaps to 9pm GMT to prevent said brawl from happen that will result in ITV in power."
Yeah except that seat probably costs like $5k on any given playoff night. I feel like the next warriors home game they should have an empty seat covered with some purple velvet or something.
Thats PRESIDENT TRUMP TO YOU PUNK He's still a loser to me and he'll always be.
Based on the very detailed picture you posted I would guess that it's a rock. unknown specimine I had this for about 30 years.I got it from a renowned collector and he told me this was a museum specimen..I am planning to sell it and need to know what it is and what it is worth.It is very heavy fop its size &amp; i do know there is iron pirite on it
blackjack new game blackjack
"Damn you were close. 23,647 You a real g."
"Because this is the only place ""controversal"" topics can be discussed. Why is this stuff always only on r/conspiracy? It's sad that people are so brainwashed by the media and so anti trump that they refuse to discuss a valid question about her health without being labeled a conspiracy theorist"
Perfect. Name a child Kellam so he can't be seen either!
"How is that legal? My Boss, everyone."
"Based on that I'm assuming that vegans hate German idioms. Based on that, I have to assume all of Germany's idioms are based on traditional foods."
"You 'assume' as you see fit but training won't overcome biological differences any more than college will overcome stupidity. I find it funny that you say ""girls can't hump that"" as a negative against women and then turn around to Loxodontist and say ""you can't hump that"", which, since I assume you think he's male, should be a negative against men too, and so by your logic the standards of service should be watered down too. The fact is that the average person isn't going to be able to ""hump that"", but that's what training is for. News flash, women can lift weights and train as well as men can."
He was Bowser though. And also Bj180!
You are really overthinking this stuff and trying to hard. How I use Facebook to implement Law 6: Court attention at all costs
"Yes, I know about 1860 and outer Manchuria You know Russia owes China a huge chunk of land? Not going to happen until Russia returns the lands."
Go away It would just be so OKC to blow this
"I have really good ideas for comments and replies but I can't word things as well as the rest of you. Dear Reddit, how many of you begin to type responses to a thread, only to delete everything you said and move on? Why?"
As have mine - thanks for the heads up! My time of day and day of the week issues with the Yahoo IPhone weather app seem to have resolved themselves.
As a Bell owner I am not liking it but whatever we'll see what happens. He's almost too hyped though.
You forgot the link. There's one at Hersheypark too (though it was out of order last time I was there). Friend who works there says it's filled with either tokens or game tickets. I've tried it before and it's much harder than the guy in the video (linked here) makes it look.
LinusGhostTips? Look veeeery closely at the new video on the LinusTechTips channel. (Hint: background)
:D Time to pray to my Phil Spencer shrine
"How did you go about inducing lactation? Well I actually don't do anything on cam, but I do that sort of thing anyway in my own free time. It's kind of the whole reason why I induced lactation in the first place. Not gargling specifically, I just enjoy playing with it in general."
One word: Russia My guess is they are running low on munitions.
"Well, for this issue, I have the g502 mouse, and it lets me rebind the mouse buttons to be keyboard keys through the logitech control panel, maybe something similar will work for you? Thank you! That sounds very helpful, how can I do it for games like: Planetside 2, CS GO, Dino D-day, and Warmode? I tried going into the control settings but they require a key on the keyboard..."
"What do you look for when you are deciding on whether or not to publish a book? 44, mostly retired, still write and publish other people's books."
"I like the hat, but it would be way cooler if the print was on the underside of the bill. Is it bad if I like the hat?"
"Your brain doesn't affect white blood cells. From my dermatologist. It works by depriving that region of oxygen which signals to your brain that something is not right, which then sends white blood cells to investigate and destroy the wart virus."
Can't get any worse right? We need to throw Brock Lobster in there to finish the game.
"r/nottheonion Des Moines Woman Says She Voted Twice For Trump Because ""The Polls Are Rigged"""
"Yay, glad you like it! brutal, I like it."
Same I thought it was a rabbit.
Like rain on your wedding day? Like with an ex-boyfriend who threw you out of a moving car?
"It's not grammar nazism, you are just using weird and uninformed terms Hooboy. What would we do without the grammar nazis. It only counts if it is inArabic dude."
"I would give them credibility if they at least would dump their corrupt and racist founders. The issues are real, the organization BLM has lost their credibility, especially their leader who has crossed the line too many times.. There are other leaders who should be listened to."
"more like the parent has failed in this case... lol It's a Billy Joel reference, in case you didn't get it"
"People are assholes. One of my friend's exs gave her herpes *on purpose* when they were fooling around right before they broke up. The worst part? She's a virgin. Try explaining to everyone that you have herpes, but you're also a virgin. So fucked up."
"What's the difference between all of the sunrider games, and is there a correct order to read them in? Sunrider Liberation Day gets a free side story expansion and is currently on sale"
"Its High noon somewhere. Is this going to be a thing now? McCreeing a thread every time guns or vaguely cowboy-themed clothes come up? I mean, I don't mind, I'm just making sure. I've only encountered the meme today, but I saw it like 5 times now so I#d say it caught on?"
"afaik nothing, he retweeted a joke from saint about meteos or something random like that Oh? What happened with the Meteos reflections interview?"
"It's also the only blizzard game that was released in a crowded genre, which also includes the biggest and 3rd biggest games right now. A blizzard title managed to flop as an esport. I have a feeling he isn't as competent as you think."
"As someone who is getting a motorcycle next year your making me more and more excited... I love riding my motorcycle at night on back country roads. With my headlight on high beam, I can barely see the trees as they go by on both sides; it's just shadows. I open the throttle on the straights and push past the limits of the headlight to the next curve and dive in. I don't listen to any type of media device on my bike so all I can hear is the sound of the engine as I rev it up and when it thumps and pops as I down shift for the corners. The wind is a constant sound in my helmet but I am concentrating on the engine so I know when I shift up and down. I never look at my speedo or tach. The road and engine tell me everything I need to know. All my visual attention is forward. Not down at my instruments or behind me. Going at speed on dark, untraveled back roads is exhilarating as hell. With my engine screaming, tires chirping and me sometimes letting out a loud ""Whoop!!"", the only peaceful thing about it, at least for me, is I have nobody to talk to while doing this. Just the way I like it."
"Fantastic steel. Pick one up, if you can. They're cool. Good steel."
14th amendment buddy. There's nothing in the constitution which says that people have the right to civil marriage.
I told them that last time but they said I need to sit up during it. Yeah I tell them I don't want to know anything about it. I also request to be on my back so I won't fall.
"Both are satisfactory, but I prefer girls. Do they have to be girl's feet?"
Brad Bird's a genius turning the film going nowhere into a masterpiece Anton Ego's review scene in Ratatouille is one of the most poetic and beautiful scenes I've ever seen.
I just want to fit in You needed a smart phone for that?
I'm busy but I promise to have it on a website before the year ends. Where can I find your Ahri x Doublelift fanfic? And why ahri instead of Vayne? T_T
Lol I'm not crying This isn't outrage. You are crying about lack of conversation when you can't follow the thread or grasp simple concepts.
There is a loose seal No Lucille?
"I don't have money but I can support the cause with some Facebook Likes ""Star Trek Continues"" Makes Last-Ditch Effort To Salvage Fundraising: With less than two weeks remaining, ""Star Trek Continues"" producer Vic Mignogna is doing everything he can to try and raise $350,000 for more episodes of his popular fan-film series"
Explain what is going on here *throws glitter*
"As a Hillary supporter, I think that's a fair analogy. More like being an MLB player who wants to ban performance-enhancing drugs but keeps using them anyway so he doesn't lose his job to a PED user."
"Lawyer up Call the Labor Dept I'm a security guard and I tripped over something at work and strained my groin and twisted my back pretty good. I went to the hospital the next day (He wouldn't let me leave the job site when it happened) and the doctor wanted me to follow up a week later with a neurologist because he thought it could be a pinched nerve. 2 weeks later: My boss calls me this morning, half an hour before the appointment **he** made at a doctor that is most certainly not a neurologist and says he'll pick me up. When he drops me off, he says he's gonna go get a cup of coffee next door. This new doctor tells me that I have a strained groin and to take it easy for at least 5 weeks. Over an hour after I finished at the doctor's office I call my boss (who totally didn't go next door for coffee) and he says he's in route to pick me up. When he finally got back to pick me up, is when the conversation about workers comp comes up. I asked him if Workers comp would pay for the time I'm out of work since he's only giving me half days. He then tells me that he doesn't want any attitude about workers comp and that if he was my C/O in the military (he's a former Army guy) that he'd ""Beat the shit out of me"" for even attempting ""this shit."" I'm already on the hunt for another job guys, I'm just trying to hold out until then."
"Nice. Storm drains in parking lots. I'm terrified I'll accidentally lose my keys in one, but I have no idea why."
What makes people think they can attempt to drive through massive amounts of water and win? Cars Underwater on 288 S. near Hermann Park. Taken from the roof of my garage.
"It's been 13 years, I think you're allowed to be happy. Well I don't necessarily think this, but if someone we're to think me a terrible person, they would think your friends are even worse lol"
Who said I didn't have a big dick? Some of us have big dicks.
"Not for the life of me sorry. I've never heard that before, but that's a cool idea! Do you remember the fic?"
Did you ever do the quests to get access to the forums? I think it was this particular blog that got me into datamining in the first place.
"""Swiggity"" Swaggety swooty, he's coming for that booty!"
"Or did the daughter borrow Mom's? Makes you wonder about the implications. Did both of them pick the same one because genetically their brains were wired similar(nature), or was it that the mother had raised her that overall affected her choice(nurture)."
"are they the same third that adds ""this"" and ""if i don't reblog this assume i'm dead"" etc. No, also the third side to comment and put some comedy in it."
"this sound really bad - you're just fueling the fire for republics who could give a shit about poor college kids. This is mine. I wasn't as cordial: Hey there. I'm a 21-year-old community college student who will be tackling state university and living out on his own in just over a year. My concern is actually pretty general. Given the ultimatum for congress to compromise on a solution to the deficit, I just have a couple of questions: Do I have a comfortable future to look forward to, where I can actually afford to go to school, live on my own, and pursue a career I actually want? Or should I quit now before I rake up thousands of dollars in student loan debt that I'll be spending the rest of my life paying back, working a minimum wage job at Burger King? I'd prefer the former, but if you could just give it to me straight (just in case I don't have to waste my time trying to make something of myself), that would be great. Thanks!"
"Just made me think that ""stupid America"" is the bubbles in Mormon bubble porn. I like to think of America as Swiss cheese. All the holes are the stupid parts. Or is it the other way round?"
Probably some form of work release program. He's not a real chimp. He's clean and has a job.
The internet saw you wanted to look at pics of the GOAT but took you to the soccer one instead How come I'm getting a picture of Neymar?...
"It probably will at some point oh alright, thanks I found that out recently, I just play it a lot and it starts to work. But does that mean that the emulator will be updated to fix it?"
"I know, it gives me the warm fuzzies Like 8 of them is Tom Brady."
"Sure there was, they just didn't believe in voting or leadership. There is no left wing counterpart for the tea party. Apples to oranges."
Umm... Here's a tumblr post instead.
Thanks not a fan of the series so I would never have put that together. The book series that Game of Thrones is based upon.
"PG about to go off next year on great efficiently now that he has other scorers around him Brooklyn has traded forward Thad Young to the Indiana Pacers for the 20th pick and a future 2nd rounder, league sources tell @TheVertical."
ahh the old after-grog bog Or Alcohol Induced Diarrhea Syndrome (AIDS)
I'm pretty sure we've encountered the same guy. Always fun to surprise people who don't read profiles.
It's almost impossible to not prep balls anymore. I disagree on it just being QR for 1k damage. Maybe 700 but to hit 1000 she prepared balls. If you catch her out without prep she doesn't do a ton of damage. Her ult canceling mid animation on death wouldn't make sense. She already threw the spheres so they shouldn't just drop
"Plot twist: it's OP that is an alcoholic and he was drunk when he made that comment. Yeah, and even weirder coming from OP!"
"834911 834,910"
"This sub has been totally subverted by satanic forces that masquerade as Christianity. This Subreddit seems quite tame considering what it is. Usually when I go on any other board or forum on another site, Christianity sections usually fall apart under trolls and overwhelming arguments. Yet this Subreddit seems quite level headed, even those who are non religious here tend to be quite kind. I'm pleased with this! :)"
"looks like the research isn't that big of a deal on alts after all, I made some alts and they're getting 2-3 day research times so far.. so at this rate my alts will probably catch up in a month Welcome to my strategy. You're encouraged to get alts to 110 early (to start research), so I just level them all up with herbalism. I make a ton of money per toon."
"I believe the correct number of pieces is the number that is more than 1, but less than 3. How many pieces will the crowbar snap intwo?"
Yes. So it's essentially a free kick that can't go backwards?
"Top kek ""Bernie has a roll to play"" - Nicholas Sheets"
"I see one daily in LR. I've met 3 of the 6 people who have them in the state, if that tells you why."
"Lyndon B. Johnson Who is your favorite bad guy/gal from History? *Disclaimer:* Perceptions may vary based upon geography, religion, political views, etc. I greatly appreciate the math and science community, but thought we could show some love for the social sciences as well. I think history is super cool and know I'm not the only one out there. So, tell me reddit. Who is the most insanely evil psychopathic deviant you have heard of in History?"
They say it in the beginning of the trailer but if your first language isn't english i can understand why you didn't get it. I don't get it. Is the Suicide Squad bad? I literally know nothing about this movie.
"Soooo... 10 years, minus time for good behavior (ie: not killing her prosecutors or anyone else that crosses her) gives us riiiiiiiight about 0 years in prison. FBI Probe : Hillary Clinton Could Face 10 Years In Prison"
"lol, if you think people with girlfriends that are on birthcontrol should only have sex with a condom too, you are delusional with reality. You, sir, should not be having sex ;]"
"Hate to break it to you, but that's not a cat. That's better"
And he created them...IN HIS MIND. But they were still big ideas.
"90%+ of the things that happen at work What is something you see and think ""this isn't necessary""?"
"*How to Prove It* by Daniel J Velleman. I suck at proofs. I was never really taught them, and now I'm taking a course where I have to rely heavily on them. Is there a good guide on how to prove mathematical concepts? My trouble is mostly with the steps to take to a proof, and how to start."
"I know I'm just saying that the Nexus is right there next to where you launch the game and is fine for getting little tweaks that you like really fast. Are you implying that it's hard to get shit from Nexus? With most mods, all you have to do is click ""Download (NMM)"" then double-click it after it downloads."
yo its cold here im gonna get blanket My furnace is broken and it really cold here
Ron Paul needs better shoes. New Ron Paul on Colbert Report
"Name checks out. Fat, ugly, married guy checking in, shit was easy cuz I'm one cool motherfucker"
"I'm 17 and everyone I know can at least read cursive, maybe its a cultural/location thing? What if I told you that the generation below you are becoming adults, and none of them give a shit about cursive?"
Never saw this unique and original post before. That's 380V right there
It looks like the hellraiser box STOP FUCKING WITH IT PLEASE [4] How it feels to put your stash away when you're zooted
"Been doing maintenance for 5 years and I've never seen a stud finder work the way it's intended to, tried about 10 of them. You don't even need a stud finder, you are covering the wall with cabinets so you can be fairly aggressive in finding the studs prior to hanging, I say aggressive, but I mean you can drill pinholes if the studfinder is blowing goats at its job.. which they usually do."
"Only when it's partner-assisted clothing optional hip thrusts. Do you rep to failure? I personally always rep to failure on my third set of any workout but recently I found some people who are against this and believe it will hurt your chances of getting toned muscles and could fatigue your muscles and risk injury, I've even heard people say that doing reps until failure would not be as beneficial. So which school of thought do you subscribe to?"
"On one startup evacuation, we just shoved everything into one meeting room in the back and gave the custodian 500 bucks to dispose of it all. What happens to startups (stuff) when they die? Serious question for those that have tried their hand and fell short. What happened to all your ""stuff""? Desks, chairs, laptops, swag, branding, design, code? Patents and IP? Where do you turn? Craigslist? Auction houses? Thanks!"
"The Darksword trilogy by Tracy Hickman and Maragaret Weis.. A magic well? I had this magic well idea, but instantly thought it's probably already been done to death. Can someone provide me with examples of a magic well being used in fantasy literature etc. I obviously mean the kind of well you would draw water from but, in this case, magic. Just in case there was any confusion."
I kind of like the chemically taste. Not by much. It's the worst chocolate I've ever tasted and left a horrible chemical aftertaste.
Trophy.. when it actually works Over clock is the only useful thing besides mute
"Oh boy, here comes our patented end-of-half soft coverage. Game Thread: Colts (1-2) @ Jaguars (0-3) The Colts head across the pond to face the London Jaguars. Fresh off their 1st win of the season, Luck and Co look to notch their first divisional win of the 2016 campaign. Will they be able to overcome the Jaguars home field advantage?"
Aww I'll try this too 2017 mood
Smegma Can everyone contribute one random word to this post?
MMMEEEEEOOOOOOOAAAGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH MOTHERFUCKER! This guy won't stop yelling at me. Fucking cat. I love him.
Raises more questions than answers. How are toucans made?
Good point. Probably because he doesn't want it to be legal
"Dogs literally eat poop. If you went to college to learn how to make dog food and your dog ate your homework, you'd get an A."
"Thorin gotta stay fresh Dat RTJ sweater though, didn;t know thorin listened to them theyre fucking great"
David Johnson would like a word with you Vs the Jets run D? Are you high?
How big are your wheels? A cool pic from a rainy day
"Usually kids movies are dubbed, but just about every single series/movies/etc are subbed. I assume that you grew up watching subtitled versions of American movies on TV like in the rest of Scandinavia. Here in France, everything is dubbed. I used to drive 35 km to see subtitled movies at the movie theater after I realized at 18 that the dubbed versions were horrible. It was common for 90% of the seats to be empty while the room showing the dubbed version was packed. This was 15 years ago, it's better now, but my local movie theater still only shows dubbed movies. Most people start learning English at 12 as a second language or at 14 as a third language. It isn't mandatory before 14. We finish high school with 5 to 7 years of English under our belt, but virtually no one is fluent at that point. Latin countries are just bad at English for some reason."
The image is from a UDS five years ago. Link to article or just image?
That wasn't a joke at all. THAT WAS THE JOKE
"Not sure if you were going for ""quite the professional"" or ""quiet professional"" op. Quite Professional, Tim Kennedy, finally comments on the military."
"Little wing Nice idea. I have worked out Purple Haze, Hey Joe, and Foxy Lady (to some extent - the little touches are pretty much his alone) and have been wondering which to tackle next. I play left-handed, usually on a strat, and being able to play some Hendrix licks seems obligitory :)"
Slow-mo = best mo? Clark goal from Ellerslie Road Stand
"It used to happen to me when I had my memory almost full. Help with App I have the iPhone SE and all of a sudden, the app will constantly crash at startup. My PC version is fine, but I really rely on my app because I travel a lot. I updated the app, updated my iOS software, restarted my phone, deleted and reinstalled the app, etc. Any tips? Anyone else experiencing this? Help would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!"
Yeah that seems really low Alternative title: over 70% of French Muslims do not reject secular laws.
"I didn't know my hairy buttcheeks had so much emotion! Japanese scientists have developed a robotic butt. It responds to rubbing, spanking . Thanks, Japan."
"Tried it once, doesn't work. Does Bulletstorm work on OVE9000? Long Guide not working :&lt;"
"If it's not black it's gay. True, I forgot that all colors are actually technically gay, at least when worn on a scarf thrown casually around one's neck"
"SQUAAAADDDDD Question for all these Squids.... If Dogs go Arf and Woof, Cats go Meow and mew, And Pigs go oink... What do squids say? (And no Fox jokes please)"
"AMD saw how cute Spirit was in Life of Legends, couldnt resist sponsoring. Fnatic &amp; AMD join forces"
"Actually, it is better to eat sugary things before a meal rather than after. This is an actual ad from a 1970 National Geographic. Found it in my grandma's basement."
Pumburkiny Semira wait a minute *Pummela* ~~anderson~~ *Semira*
"Its a cool little keep sake, something to show off to family and friends. I don't understand why people *want* autographs. Is it to prove you actually met someone? What kind of silly thing is that? Who cares."
I only got 1 enigma chest from the weekend event and i got serqet desert queen Probably got it from an enigma chest... or they randomly gave VPs as I apparently have Aphro's and Neith's and I don't use either of those two enough for me to have warranted a purchase.
And nowhere in that process was he proven guilty. Nixon re-signed and was immediately pardoned by Ford.
Congratulations. First Ironman Bombi to Wereta + Full Ironman Team Mauled up!
I've started deleting my engrams instead of going to the tower.. I'm a day one player and my highest character is 85 :0
"Agreed, it would be nice if they increased her icicle fire rate I dont think so simply because Mei still has about the worst TTK in the game. I'd say Reaper on the other hand could end up picked more often.."
"I'm hardly ever the person on the rig with the most felonies, and nobody uses real piss anymore. Additionally, a clean criminal record and UA are generally, although not always, required for entry level."
Oh sure but I mean a team could lose like 2 in a row but the Bills' 4 will always be the record there I would take watching my team be successful and lose championships over not seeing a playoff game since I was in 5th grade any day. No hesitation.
Can't wait to see Santini in a Devils jersey! BC's Steve Santini levels BU's Mike Moran
This is not a journalist. Australian Greens demand 'Stop Killing Kangaroos for Profit' backed by images of animals that are not kangaroos
Yeah unlike us who know that they are a football team It's like this guy doesn't know what a fucking viking is.
"I saw something in a recent post from someone who was just beginning to keep kosher, and I was wondering, why were people reluctantly saying it would be okay to have a drink from a cup or glass? No such thing as a silly question, Monday, 11/16 No holds barred"
"There's a way to do this without anything fancy, just open the kick menu through the menu memorize the order of names, leave and come back and one name will be changed and that is the hacker A solution to the ongoing problem of not being able to kick rage hackers who change their names to other team mates names making it difficult to kick the hacker from the game. (happens mostly in casual)"
....Demon. There is another... In my....
"asians dont cry every day This is why Asians are awesome. We're a minority, there are less of us than blacks in the US. BUT you don't see us pulling this kind of bullshit."
"I'm guessing it's Sierra's baby daddy. It also shows him attacking someone unless that was a flashback, so that's not good."
You just think you can. If race is a social construct then how come I can tell when I'm on the phone with a black person? Checkmate.
Science. If you could create a class and every public school was required to teach it what would your class be about?
"Pretty much any working holiday job is going to be a low paying service industry job. So, make very little money while $90k in debt. Probably not a very good idea."
"This isn't just got Mac users its for anyone with access to a telnet connection. Mac user? Star Wars fan? Check this out... If you haven't seen it before, on your Mac open up Terminal (if you dont know how to open terminal, either go to your Application folder and find it, or press command+spacebar and type in ""terminal""). Once inside there, type in *telnet towel.blinkenlights.nl* and hit enter. Wait about a minute or two, and enjoy!"
"Is your gold expired? I can't get into multiplayer, says I'm not connected to live ( when I know I am connected )"
It was RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD RED SQUAD wasn't that delta force
"Last time this was posted someone replied with the text ""one bitch, two bitch, dead bitch, new bitch"" so there's that. Holy shit, I was expecting some Dr. Suess type rhyme as a joke..."
A true team player. Good Guy Sev
oh good lord I'm guessing white baby mama?
"2112 - Rush Are there any long Classic Rock songs that you go back to? I've always appreciated longer songs, I can always loose myself in them especially with the rifts and guitar solos in Classic Rock. Do you guys have any that you go back to and appreciate? It's a relatively new genre for me so it's kinda hard for me to find all the good ones."
*meese? So a couple of moose?
He looks like a confused gay leprechaun. Stallone in '78
"You guys have a baby and a house? ill have to wait till tomorrow, we already had 3rd period and i wont see her again til tomorrow. 8th grade is hectic and we dont ride the same bus."
It lost my save entirely. Doesn't it autosave every 30 seconds?
"You're the opposite of sexy. Women of Reddit! Last night I was called ""harmless"". What is that supposed to mean? How do men get out of being ""harmless"" or is it good/gentlemanly?"
You mean Maniacs Jeep...kappa. Hitch's Jeep Does anyone know the model of Hitch's jeep?
"Isn't that exactly what AV is? Our vote should be able to fall automatically to a second choice if our first choice loses. People would stop voting for the ""popular"" candidate only so someone else won't win."
Minion draws banana All minions lose stealth. Destroy all enemy secrets. Draw a card.
The ability to painlessly poop a nugget of gold weighing exactly 0.4395721943599235250892 grams in weight. Everyone on Earth gets to wish for a superpower but you'll only get yours if literally no one else wishes for the same power. What do you wish for?
"That's fine - I was responding to DASmetal who kind of inferred that he was familiar, though not comfortable with, the idea of imaginary numbers. I don't understand any of what you just wrote."
"My favorites are, ""how nice for you"" and ""thank you for sharing."" Southern Americans have that wonderful ability too. We say ""bless your heart,"" which means anything from ""that poor soul,"" to ""kiss my lilly white ass, you pig fucker"""
"Thanks a lot, you gotta be right Based on your description it sounds like what she asked was you to clear off from her borders and you refused. I might be wrong but I can't figure it out otherwise. Diplo screen shows you're at peace and option to declare war is missing."
"Impressive reasoning, I fully agree At the end of the day one thing remains constant: Cleveland sports teams are destined to lose against all odds, their fans are destined to be disappointed. This is a law of the universe. GSW cannot win the finals because the resulting media Steph Curry circlejerk would cause the world to implode on itself. The basketball gods know this and won't let it happen. For proof see the 2007 Patriots..they had to lose to curb the impending Tom Brady circlejerk. GSW will beat OKC because they are a better team and no universal sports laws are at play in the series. Thus, the finals cannot be GSW vs CLE because of conflicting universal sports gods laws. Thus, the finals must be GSW vs TOR and TOR must win. For the good of humanity."
Definitely a shared flavor there if not a direct inspiration! suddenly the koons is shinee!
"Also, probably not even 60 fps. The tought of playing a shooter with a controller on a 47 inch tv with native 720/900p resolution is horrifying. GabeN are thou there?"
"100x more likely they have a better chance at making it outside the house than Jatalie or Nicorey Awww, little does Meesh know that Ian was talking about how much he still likes her tonight."
"Well, I thought that people who just solo-q, and people who use this subreddit, are at little bit different game sense and team-play level, so even if it's not 5 man, you would get better experience with them, than just randoms. Great idea, but wouldn't this be essentially the same as a solo-q. Meaning, you don't play enough with these other 4 random people to be an effective 5-man."
and that it supports oculus rift. My hope for Fallout 4
He was probably texting so he didn't realize how close he was to the rail. Going 85 doesn't just automatically make you crash though
Good to see some passion from the boys after going 2-0 down. Chelsea 3 - 3 Everton What a finish!
are you SURE id on this hoodie?
"Count the squeegee and its 4 points.. even better. Three points of contact, he's fine."
"A very convincing but of evidence as well One bit of evidence that suggests this might have been taken minutes apart instead of milliseconds apart is the stripe on the ball being in two different positions. I don't see how the ball would be able to rotate a quarter or three quarter turn in one single throwing motion. Although, maybe it could. I'm not a ball scientist."
"as its doing a series of precision clicks and executing commands? As someone with a wireless mouse and lack of common sense, I'd assume my mouse was going haywire or running out of batteries"
Did you read snapchat's statement? Your comment does not at all address the possibility that the facial expression was the point of the filter and was not intended to be any similarity to Asian features. What part of your quote is actually in response to my comment?
Sprints may last 2 weeks but that doesn't mean the project is done. He's going to build it with an agile team
"Nothing in OCE yet sadboys Why did i get a mystery gift from riot games just now? Is there something going on, like a promotion or something, or what? I'm confused as to why I just received one"
"Thats very true, thanks for your input! I dont believe there is any supporting fluff for gold trim on pauldrons, but remember: these are YOUR expensive plastic toys. Don't let anyone tell you you're painting them with the wrong colours. If it bugs you that it is not ""lore supported"", you can always invent new lore to support it! Maybe this is a splinter crusade that just recently recruited from a rich world. Maybe they paint their trim gold to show their closeness to the Emperor, given his fondness for the colour. The possibilities are endless!"
"Deadbull, my Tauren DK, still stands as probably the best name that I have ever grabbed. Both DK and DH has become victims of this. ""Felwarrior"" ""darkfelforce"" ""frostyknight"" ""bloodchamp"" ""deathfear"""
"Woolworths shut down for good here in the UK 3/4 years ago. What time and day is it where you are, smartypants? Because it's 10:53pm Thursday here in the future."
"You make trinkets, then obliterate them, then sell it. How exactly?"
If the shoe fits... how would you feel if someone told you to stop owning slaves and being in school shootings?
"Pssh like any of the money in the defense budget would actually go to something for active service members. ""and every crewmembers bunk comes equipped with a stowable blow job machine.."""
Ok thank you! The issue is with xbox live servers. Same thing is happening to me. Just gotta wait it out.
"Yes there is Source: Murdered a guy at spawn I spawned a 5 man team in as attackers at construction site on Kanal, There is no line of sight to/from the window. There is plenty of shots once the Attackers move from their spawn, but nothing directly onto spawn. This was done multiple times."
"Tartan fren, the Dougcoin would be more apt imo! The *ScotCoin*! *Like dogecoin, only plaid.*"
Anyone else stare at that counter waiting for a camel to die? Feminism = Veganism
He is a troll. Dude are you a troll? This is like exactly what white supremacists say about Jews and what their intentions for Europe ate. Not to mention increased immigration from the Middle East has led to a rise in antisemitism. I think you're a troll.
"Tru, goodbye Bro, go to sleep the Eagles play tomorrow night."
Sexism. Donald Trump slams famous Hillary supporters as 'not hot anymore'
Must be a wallbanger fan. why does that suck? I love Savage.... frankly he is my favorite radio talk show host...
"Yay doublespeak. At will employment, and you don't need a reason to fire someone. Right to work means you are not required to join a union."
"That's awesome Respect the space banana or get peeled, bish"
"Peasant does commons&amp;uncommons have a name like pauper, or nah?"
And here I thought Florida Man was the worst superhero ever... BibleMan
What percentage think he is unqualified because he is just f#@king insane? Minnesota Poll: 55 percent say Trump unfit for job because of lewd remarks
Doesn't look like it. I don't think they'd make the CFP over the B1G champion or even Clemson + Washington (if they both lose). Not with Ohio State still going
Suddenly 80s. A 1986 non-CGI piece by Rick Sternbach. To promote the Computer Graphics Dept at Universal Studios.
"I also have a song: I be strokin' That's what I be doin' Uh-huh, I be strokin' I stroke it to the east And I stroke it to the west And I stroke it to the woman that I love the best I be strokin' Who says you only have to do it one way? Let me sing you a song..... You don't always have to fuck her hard, sometimes, thats not right to do. Sometimes you gotta make some lovin and give her some fuckin smooches too!"
Ubishit still won't care This War of Mine made back development cost after 2 days on Steam.
Ja Ja Ja! All Commissar Sanders will have to do is to administratively declare a state of emergency to suspend the constitution and then he can start nationalizing corporations!
"I was gonna ask you if the carpet matches the drapes, but those pubes on your face answered my question Friend is having a bad day, roast me to make them feel better!"
looking up facts and quotes for an essay. What is something that takes seconds/minutes to do nowadays but used to take hours to do 50 years ago?
"Where can I find one of these establishments? I'm a male stripper, so this might not be the perspective you're looking for, but here goes. Some girls get really into it and are all over you. Some girls will try to steal your clothes. Some are just sloppy drunk. None of these are bad customers. The bad ones are the ones who simply can't relax and enjoy themselves. All their friends are around them screaming or laughing while they sit there with a look of boredom or disdain on their face. Something you might not know: if you get it right, it's a very rewarding job. You'll literally spend 10-20 mins making a group of girls scream because they're enjoying themselves so much. There aren't many other jobs I can think of where you get that."
Not sure if you're trolling. Of course you don't see the problem. That's because you are inhumane and unempathetic.
"Shit if you make the top 1% when you're not going for a top time (which requires you to drive unrealistically) then congrats, you're a great Sim racer. Tried A Class time attack Rivals today"
"No, it was Smokescreen and Hoist that you may have confused for them, at least in the group shot Weren't Bluestreak and Hound with Getaway? (as little sense as that makes)"
Every girls dream. Somalian Valentine
How? Seitz save vs. Seattle
"It's over half his lifetime, perspective matters. Reaching back like 7 whole years for that one."
"this *is* r/wtf, right? I heard you like bikes.."
"pretty sure i have a mixture from both categories. High estrogen sides Acne, loss of libido, water retention (Bloat), pissing less than the water you consume, moon face, very small testicles, scrotum hanging too high, soft testicles, extreme oiliness all over, aggression (roid rage), depression, bitchiness, lethargy, insomnia, soft erections, extreme cravings for sugar/chocolate, high bp, bp spikes, enlarged prostate, pressure in lower abdomen when urinating, thin stream, constipation (from water retention) Low estrogen sides Dry skin, dry lips, dehydration, loss of libido, good morning wood no wood when its time for sex, loss of wood while having sex, loss of sensitivity, dry gland (penis), white gland, loss of girth, irritability, mood swings, crying for no reason, dht rage (aggression you take out on others), dull orgasm, hesitation just before urinating, night sweats, loss of appetite, constant fatigue, lethargy, constipation (due to dehydration), diuretic effect (pissing more water than you are consuming), itchy scalp, obsessive thoughts"
Can you come by so I can open a beer on your edge. I'm not sure badasses wear helmets and bike shorts.
Nice Clock you made My CSGO Terrorist Costume for Armageddon Expo NZ
"That was a pretty nice play, especially the timing on the ult. First Post on this Subreddit. Felt pretty proud of myself."
"Nana is common here in the US as well, apparently the surname is common in west Africa. I'm an Indonesian, Nana is a pretty usual name here for both male and female, but more for female. Fofana, however, I've never heard anyone named that."
"\^This Also, the health to mass ratio is ridiculous."
"These are all from July 2013, so even before last season had started. Damn, nobody gave him a chance last year. Yet everyone is on his dick this year. Shows you what a year can do for a player."
"They could fix the mechanic so people don't just randomly get banned for stumbling upon it? What's the alternative in general? CCP have to demonstate the exact mechanism that they used to prove someone used an exploit? Then all the exploiters adjust what they're doing so as to avoid doing whatever triggered log messages or whatever? Whether or not these guys are guilty, its not really viable to take that approach in general as exploiters would run rings around CCP. Therefore we ascribe a certain amount of credibility to CCP based on the data they have and a certain amount of credibility to globbyy based on what he says. My view is that CCP's somewhat extensive data trumps globbyy who often talks a load of shit. Others' views may reasonably differ. But what noone can say is that globbyy has proven there was no exploiting, nor can anyone say that CCP have proven that an exploit was used."
Murray's defense is _immense_. Random Amazing Point #47 - Fernando Verdasco Vs Andy Murray
"It really just differs on a school to school basis. Canadian here, we're behind the times about 20 years, unless you on the west coast or maybe Toronto."
"Except it's ridiculous to compare Obama to trump, I forgot when Obama talked about grabbing pussy, this false equivalence of candidates I think Trump will be perceived in similar to Obama in that those who support him will be frustrated by how little he's doing and not living up to the expectations he set in the campaign, those who oppose him will think he's a radical tearing the nation down at an alarming rate."
What? AMAZING TRAP AHEAD
makes me think of when i played runescape as a little kid and i changed my cursor into a godsword. I'd love like a riven blade or some shit
sandshrew? What pokemon is that?
no Credit card
"America, where ""black lives matter"" is a controversial statement. ""2.9% black... It's easy for a homogenous society to think they're better because they don't have to actually live with people not like them. America is one of the few countries that integrates minorities in a substantial way. It's ugly at times, but it's always improving."""
"Also note, part 1. Rev up those PAL Points!"
"It is not that rich and poor people exist that is the issue, it is that the chances of becoming rich are shrinking. Is this really news? Rich and poor have always existed and will always do so in a free society."
they're* Because telling someone there quiet is kinda like saying we should talk more. Telling someone there chatty is like saying shut up
"wat Definitely, but this needs to be consumer though."
No I've always used 7-zip over winrar. Is there a reason to switch?
"Austin Furniture Depot is pretty reasonable with a decent selection of some meh stuff and some cool stuff Good independent (relatively affordable) furniture stores in town? Moving into a small 2 bedroom house in a few weeks. Would like to finally get rid of the ratty old furniture I've been dragging around since college, however i'm renting so I don't want to spend TOO much. Anyone know of any good spots to furnish a place without having to take out a car loan? Thanks!"
All the women I've been attracted to are a lot like my mom and sister. What fucked up realizations have you had about yourself recently?
"PITCHFORK TIME I fucking swear Grigson, if you take a receiver..."
Have you ever heard of a Donkey Show? I'm getting the feeling these are circus performers.
The kurds are pretty cool through I don't see the problem with letting the Syrians just keep fighting. War's over when nobody is alive anymore....
Everything south of the border is Mexico Yes it is. The divide can either be considered the Panama Canal or the Darien Gap.
Said no one. Hopefully Djokovic can eradicate this shot
Saints did cheat though. Former Viking denies statement by Former Viking Artis Hicks saying that he denied a statement made by a Former Viking denying a statement about Former Viking that a Former Viking denied having a bounty scandal.
"THIS MADE ME SAD. Pretty much. I bought tickets to SOElive to attend the ""big reveal"". Since then, I've been on this roller coaster to nowhere. EverQuest Next?? (manic laughter, dramatic exit) ...."
"Can't have a QB who throws droppable balls. I just watched some tape on Goff. He has some crazy good pocket awareness. His accuracy was off, but that could have been because he was being pressured nearly every snap. His WRs dropped quite a few of his passes as well."
You mean that day for people who smoke pot to smoke more pot? 420 dude!
"If you are a big guy you might be very strong and hurt your opponents, asses on how much damage you cause with your hits and ask them how they feel. I am a big guy. 6'7"" and pushing 300 lbs. When I spar, there is no one even close to my height/weight. So I am always stuck with people who are about a foot shorter. Even worse, one of the taller people is a girl who is about 5'11"". Even punching at 50% I always feel bad punching her. I can definitely see that she flinches each time I throw a punch. Is this a valid thing to worry about? I want to be able to throw slightly harder and concentrate on form and throwing solid combos. But I don't want to hurt anyone, but I also want to fight with people closer to my size."
"I voted JULY ELECTION DAY ONE VERIFICATION simply write ""I voted"""
Looks more like it says Kant &lt;3 xox ...does xoxox not mean hugs &amp; kisses there? 'Kant Is an Idiot' Spray-Painted on Philosopher's Russian Home
"Yep, Steam only showing VAC-related bans I think you can only see VAC banned ppl on the Profile, correct me if Im wrong."
"Hey, stop being racist against drunk drivers, drug users and people who order jailhouse beatings. How about if instead he drove drunk, bought drugs and ordered prison beatings? Do you think a person should face legal consequences for that?"
I hear they also visited a country that use to be under nazi rule. TIL: In the sixties the German government invited first the Queen of England and then the Beatles to ride on a government luxury train. They failed to tell them that this train used to belong to Heinrich Himmler.
"Holy shit you drive a hundai lol Oh man. I agree with you! My SO and I prefer to buy older used vehicles because they are so much easier to work on. We have a couple 70s trucks and they are tanks. If we can find the parts we can fix it. We're having transmission problems with our newest car... And it ends up it needs an ""update"" and only the dealer can do that... Fuck. That."
I'm 90 percent sure I was walking by as this picture was taken. No one is too old to Cosplay.
"What did Jesus peace be upon him have anything to do with it? Went to a friends house as a kid to have dinner. Friends dad was a southern baptist preacher, and knew my family didn't go to church, he asked me to lead the prayer. I was scared out of my mine no idea what to say. I muttered out a few lines of thank you Jesus for this food. Very awkward."
that car is a lot bigger than i thought. The round door to a 1925 Rolls Royce Phantom
I agree with this one have played 110 hours of it Csgo
"R/Politics so salty Ivanka Trump in '06: 'If he wasn't my father, I would spray him with Mace'"
"Sex, I'm guessing. I can't parse this question properly..... what do you mean?"
those are some big feet. Meet Joe... My 25 lbs orange tabby... He relaxes like this all the time!
"any evidence you could find would be purely statistical and irrelevant its primarily a confidence issue and lol at ""blatant sexism"" do you seriously think i would say that because i had a problem with women in general or because its something that i and many others (enough others that it becomes a stereotype) notice on an almost daily basis please The fact that you can't find any evidence to support your blatant sexism is not surprising."
"No diagram,hard to understand Phototransistor readings not working."
"I once got banned for using the dummy glitch in halo 2 matchmaking, couldn't stop laughing. I specifically miss the glory days of halo when the rocket jump and the super jumps were still around."
"It's not a login button, it's a disguised advertisement. Literally just had to click the expand button to bypass all ""signing in"" and watch the UFC event for free."
Don't be silly - everyone knows it's impossible to not use jQuery. Animating without jQuery
Okee dokee then I love you.
"What does that mean? As a west coaster, 'The Big One'."
"While it's true that the majority of BCAS Paramedics get no form of medical coverage (including paying our MSP), this article is very confusing... It sounds like this article is completely confusing the concepts of 'Medical bills' and 'disability payments'...."
"And if no rebels were killed as well! Excellent news, will be even better if no civilians are hurt as well"
"He wants me to touch you, Sam. Tried to be clever name-wise? Or tried to touch a guy below you?"
"Halo, It'l always be Halo What is your favourite gaming track/OST?"
"Tower Records Namba Did you just buy it at a regular store? I've lived in Japan for almost one year, but I never even thought of checking the BHaR CD for Glorious D: it's definitely my favorite song!"
"I've never seen anything quite like a Tim's line, except maybe the line at the Czech Stop Bakery in West, Texas. its even more mind blowing if it is in the US, we have really terrible options here. all the tim's here regularly back up into the street."
Yeah because we don't have to worry about the feels and whether we have the ability toucan. Is that shirt really white privilege? Really? Being able to laugh about stuff is a privilege?
"Even if you somehow missed that heat rises in elementary school science, you literally just have to take a physical look at the flame to see it's going up and having your thumb above it is a poor choice. Simple Lighter Tip for My Fellow Ents. Surprised at how many people haven't been shown this and occasionally burn their fingers."
There are still some around town here in Toronto. Unless you know someone or you find a used one in a store then you will be out of luck
"mid 87 Why are there soo many Chinese players in NA right now. Not trying to go full svenskeren but why are there soo many Chinese players in NA right now, I noticed them a few months ago and I get like 2-3 per game calling people ""sb"" every 2 seconds."
"It's not an illegal turn, it's called a kipping turn. Asshole aggressive driver riding my ass through a school zone this morning. Swerving in and out only to go nowhere then tries to undertake at a left turn. Where the fuck are you going? The cars in front of me aren't going to go faster. Eventually the asshole finds a gap and guns it only to sit next to me at a light. Decked out in matching gym atire with shaker cup in the center. Guy passes me and what do you know, 3 different crossfit stickers plastered on the back windshield and bumper."
I can't wait to tell her...... I shower NAKed. She sleeps naked
At least now they do have quite a lot of time to prepare for visas... Some teams will miss again because of no visa...
"Because the RX 480 is cheaper and has identical performance with the 1060 but beats the 1060 in DirectX 12 Thanks for your answer. I've updated my build to the following. Note that I also updated the prices (in euro) with the correct once from my area and with components available to me I've picked a different CPU, MOBO, case and SSD. I have a 750 HDD already so im planning on installing that as well, together with another 8gb ram when I get the money for that I still picked the GTX 1060, and I noticed that you ran with the RX 480 - why is that?"
"More voice acting would be great so I don't hear the same lines over and over again Different Mortys should have different ""cries"" Would be cool to put Roiland to the test with his voice acting and challenge him to put a spin on the active Morty's protests based on their persona, or even more simply: change up the voice clip so that all Mortys don't sound identical. I know this would add to the game's size, but it could be worth it!"
Maybe he wanted to catch the shark? Fucking idiot. If he knew that he hooked a shark he should have cut the line. Now it's going to be swimming with an entire rod hooked to it for a while and might die because of it.
Gibe de Busi p0ss! gibe de pusi b0ss
Never does. They got around that by doing all the big stuff on private ranges or their own property in Georgia. That didn't exactly stop that ATF from thinking it was their jurisdiction though.
I heard he put a girl in a wheelchair just by making love to her I for one will not be accusing Mr. Crews of anything that he has dared me to accuse him of.
"absolutly, but what's the benefit for the train company if they're not providing the service for people wanting signal ? Yeah but surely it'd be a way better idea just to improve the mobile network and benefit everyone, all the time, not just commuters sitting on a train?"
"Detroit faces north of Canada What sounds extremely wrong, but is actually correct?"
"The others skins say ""Bathe in the glow"" at the same volume, you only realized the Ramerica one because of that luscious voice. This may be just for me, but RaMerica says ""Come get some!"" when he uses his heal, so I know that I can heal."
This is the best compliment :D Killer. I bet Alex you'd have Alex blushing!
"GRRM phonebanking: ""Listen, if you vote for Hillary Clinton I'll tell you how it ends."" listen GRRM, while its cool that you support Hillry, this still doesn't make how late tWoW is ok, i want to atleast be hoping for AdoS by the time Hillary leaves office on January 20th, 2024"
"Those eyes scream ""multiple divorces"". You know the drill."
"That orange yolk, though. Kenji's oyakodon recipe. Turned out delicious, and was super easy to make. I just moved to Japan so this was a great way to christen my kitchen. Link to recipe in comments."
"If I remember correctly, he wanted to do a psychological horror about how the town of Haddonfield was dealing with the tragedy of Michael Myers. Yeah I remember an interview with Carpenter where he attributed 2's writing/plot to late nights with too much Budweiser. You can definitely tell 2 is responding to the demand for more gore in the horror genre, something the original barely had at all. I always thought Halloween 4 was one of the best sequels, would have been cool to see what Carpenter would have done with it."
"What difference, at this point, does it make? OK, this fuck needs to go to jail. If a man in Texas can be jailed for refusing to remove a shirt that says ""deplorable"" at a voting site, then this fuck can get locked up too."
Good job on the dimension cuts and lining it up... can't say I've seen many get this close... I made an episode VII Luke Skywalker cosplay.
That was clearly all a ruse in order to build up their confidence. Didn't know Allies beat one another in the Divisional playoff games.
"I was born in America that makes me native American right, right? Applying to colleges with a questionable GPA"
"LeBron because he's LeBron Lebron or Bird? Serious question, it seems today's generation dismisses Larry bird very quickly. But if you were starting a team today. Who do you pick: lebron or bird? And why?"
"Well, if your ""basket"" is maybe a euphemism (he was using this word to basically mean a metaphor the other day) for your stomach, a straight line drive to the gut in baseball could *literally* kill you. Michael Cage (the thunder local announcer) just said ""those straight line drives to the basket will kill you in any sport."" What other sports is he talking about?"
"You may want to ask that question about Russia as well. You said it as if a country has to be nice to deserve good relations with the West. In KSA, a beloved ally of the West, they behead people for being gay or under allegations of sorcery. Not to mention that the Arabs are waging an illegal war of aggression as we speak. And yet nobody bats an eye. Russia is just a big, convenient and approved boogie man. You better ask yourself why your society can't function without an external enemy so you always need to make one."
"White wine + coca cola @ 50/50 What is your, ""I know it sounds weird, but just try it"" thing?"
"We're everywhere. Oh hey, turtleeatingalderman, I didn't know you were on r/badsocialscience too."
What 3 drop trades instantly with a 3/2 and leaves a 2/1 on the board? It only trades with 2 mana creatures though. There are better 3 drops to do that. Also if this ever sees play it is kind off a buff to shaman and earth shock.
"To overclock you need Z170 motherboard. I have the same CPU with an Asrock H170 Fatality mobo and a Cryorig H7 cooler. Never OCed before, can it be done?"
Woodstock My new piece. What should I name him?
"Some are 40 and used to use deano to slay mass pussy No, most are a lot younger."
He wouldn't even have gotten in the box if it was Atleti playing. Hazard would have been aggressively taken out just outside the box if that was us.
"I'm always late. Lurkers of reddit, why don't you join the conversation?"
"The way you draw fur is fantastic, I love your style. Embarrassed Wolfy by jamesfoxbr -- Fur Affinity net"
"Learn to discipline yourself, not to motivate yourself. It is very hard to develop work ethics when you were lazy during childhood. Any tips for someone that is in their mid twenties to develop strong work ethics in school and personal/working life?"
"I'll pitch in a few quid for this flame thrower. ""Global warming lie blah blah, bee boo, I don't know shit and i only believe things are possible if I can do them myself..."" Those ignorant fucking comments make me want to vomit nickels. I didn't even think those ""types"", those ""out back folk"" could even operate a computer much less comment on scientific deductive reasoning. Jesus, knowing there are people out there that fucking stupid makes me want to purchase a flamethrower."
"Toxic Feminity. British lesbians allegedly murder little boy and tried to blame it on another - after torturing both of them for over 2 years. Don't worry, they were granted bail!"
"Oh no, and this will prevent that of course! Cause 18 year olds are still children who don't always make wise decisions."
"""It's not racism"" --You, not making a claim. No, the claim was that it was racism. There is no evidence to support that claim."
I think this one is both great and creepy! YES!
"Too bad BF4 is still unplayable. Well, this bow is totally not overpowered."
"Trump's numbers, if you were to play his numbers instead of McCain back in 2012, would have beat Obama. Legit concern: Does it worry you for 2020 that Trump only received 59M votes? It seems as if Hillary lost this race, while Trump received vote totals on par with Romney and McCain."
Yep Is it really that bad?
Congratulations pal. I'm S4 with 20 wins :p
Don't forget about the bee episode Barry: I'm the fastest man alive *Can't outrun mechanical bees* As long as the plot is solid I'm all for it. Flash pulled it off with one episode being a bit superfluous IMO - the Barry got bullied as a child by Girder episode.
"THE LEGEND Elise Jones, best jungler 2014"
"^^^^in-vr ""1070 faster than Titan X"" Wow the competition is on"
"I fucking hate haunted houses. Seriously? I mean, do people really freak out over this kind of thing? I'm sure I'd be confused for a second, and then I'd think it was cool. ...But piss your pants scared? Really? Are you one of those people that the heart attack warnings are for at carnival haunted houses?"
"You could use the factory to make robots to mine aluminum. You'd need a mine to get aluminum, not a factory."
How's about no. I'm just disappointing none of the negroids or their white pets died.
"And they never will! Point is, Iran isn't the head of a world Shia movement. The Shia don't all answer to Iran"
"You can hear a pin drop at Clinton HQ event, people are leaving! Victory for President Trump!"
"Arma 3 and Elite Dangerous are pretty good if you have buddies. Can you recommend some games for me and my friends to play? We've already play: Borderlands 2 Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel Dark Souls (all) gmod GTA V League of Legends Left 4 Dead 2 Magicite Minecraft Monaco Orcs Must Die! 2 Payday 2 Portal 2 Risk of Rain Rocket League Synergy Terraria Who's Your Daddy Games with infinite play value while fun and challenging is what we are looking for. Also, I'd prefer if they were also available on Mac."
"Answers: 1)none of your business 2)none of your business 3)none of your business 4)none of your business 5)no 6)no 7)no 8)no 9)no 10)no 11)no 12)no 13)no 14)no 15)no 16)no 17)no 18)no 19)no 20)no Then if he persists, send ALL the angry Pepe memes Another fine example of a human being."
"Mida Multi-Tool What Exotic will you upgrade first? Assuming Xur has the upgrade you need of course, what will be your #1 priority? I know there's lots of people like me who only have enough coins to upgrade selectively for now. I've spent most of my coins buying weapons I like, and telemetries. I've currently got: TLW Suros Red death Thorn Plan C Ice Breaker Pocket Infinity Universal Remote Light Beyond Nemesis Only ice breaker (and helm) are maxed. Obviously the helm will be immediate, since it will help get me to 31 quicker. After that, I'm torn between Suros and Thorn, since I'd like something I'll use in pvp as well with IB coming in a few weeks. Ugh, decisions. What about you?"
"What direction should the agency have taken in your opinion? just follow your dreams. US space flight is in a bad spot right now, and not going to sit here and argue with the Muskies, the political decesion to go with SLS has really crippled NASA."
Real men use V8s... as fuel pumps! If you read into the engine layout of this thing I think you'll find it uses a Cosworth CA2010 F1 V8 engine just to pump the fuel into the rocket.
LOUD NOISES! I HAVE NO STRONG FEELINGS ABOUT THIS EITHER WAY!
"I'm gullible, but not that gullible. Exactly. There's no way that parrot know algebra."
"Not a single Russian will be left alive and Russia has no starwars shield. You think so? How many civilian fallout shelters does america have? Russia is riddled with them, a lot will die but they have a chance of survival, not to mention they have Space Forces as well - basically a starwars shield similar to USA"
"Good point, you can always put a stem/base on it without changing the relevant properties. The glass can have any shape desired on the outside. This only applies to the interior which holds the liquid."
"Only thing I ever got was the 017 ""Tastemakers"" video.., What are your ""Monstercat Birthday releases?"" **For me, it goes like this:** 2011 - Neilio - Obsession 2012 - Day One - Hieroglyph 2013 - 2014 - 2015 - 023 Album mix **And for the future** 2016 - Will have one 2017 - 2018 - Will have one How about you?"
"Oh right so the sexism is her being treated differently than her male colleagues, I thought you were saying the sexism was her being called a bitch a good place to start is not using gendered slurs. She's had issues with this person respecting her colleagues requests but not hers."
"Good point - if he can turn my tap water into wine as it flows from the faucet, he can stay rent-free. You brought wine? Well come on in!"
"What a bk randy Is it worth coming back? Hey, most of you guys know me as NLNnoluckneeded or, the douche that stole christmas. Anyway, In all seriousness I was wondering if it's worth coming back to this game which some people considered the best server hub ever. Also, anyone who I would still remember?"
I thought they were plain donuts. Mini bagels.
"This is on the same level of stupidity like "" learning to love my flaws"" and ""if you can't handle me at my worst thenyou don't deserve me at my best"". I didn't know this is what I wanted until I read it. I also need a girl to be ok with me playing games sometimes but who also tells me to get off my ass and go do something fun"
"I am quite certain the majority of people who think they will survive an apocalypse, zombie or otherwise, are the very people who will not survive any apocalypse. No such thing as fat people"
That's adorable Saw this guy around town.
The opposite of 90's small. WTF is 70's big?
Hard to convey sarcasm over the Internet You're the only one
"After this, Patchouli learned a very valuable lesson: don't drink any potions made by Marisa. Patchouli speaks for us all"
The Clinton's have invested heavily in private prisons...oh the irony. Clinton call for end of private prisons sinks jail stocks
"Awesome, thank you. I don't have many left, but I'll post a few pictures I can find and a few I currently have sometime this weekend."
This title confused me far too much for a little while. perfect core on rad bushings:)
"The announcer is almost worth reliving the loss. Winter Classic 2012 Currently On NHL Network I'm sure many of us were there, but this is one of the first times I've actually seen the tv coverage of the game. NHL Network is currently showing the CBC version."
"Where ""offends"" = ""most likely to kill me""? Agreed. I've been cycling as part of my commute for a year now, and the cyclists are BY FAR the worst offenders of ""rules of the road"" infractions, but they are ALL here, deciding who offends THEM the most"
"Or you know, just give the guards Jailer's Judgment ashran skill Can we make guards actually useful again? No this isn't a salty post about getting ganked. No I'm not butt hurt over pvp. This has been bugging me for a while. As it stands, every expansion has made town guards feel incredibly weak. I really don't think one person should be able to go all through an enemy factions town or a neutral town and gank everyone while guards can't even scratch them or deter them in anyway. I get that ganking is a thing, but when I watch a guard in Moonglade slap someone and either misses or do 1% of their health bar a hit (and mind you they take forever to swing), something doesn't feel right. I'm not saying you should die immediately if you go into a town, but at least make the guards do something other than annoy someone at best. I stopped caring about world pvp myself once it became dull because it was just that easy to kill whatever low level I see and literally just walk away"
Zaraki isn't as fast as Ichigo. I think Zaraki could cut all the petals like how Ichigo did in the SS. He one shots Byakuya unless Byakuya could blitz and cut his head off which I doubt he could. Not saying Byakuya would lose 100 percent though.
93 vs 91 in California. Not sure what you mean. 85 octane fuel (if you can't find 87 in the US for whatever reason) is higher octane than the regular fuel in Japan.
so do you think curry is a better fit next to Durant over someone like cp3? Durant is a fantastic scorer because he can shoot but also drive and finish. With the space he'd get from playing next to Curry/Klay he'd be able to drive at will to the rim. The thing is that he's going to have to have to learn to play in the Warriors system and learn to pass the ball. Those might be habits that get learned only after a full year.
r/politics What subreddit is filled with miserable people?
"go to your inventory then press R2 (that's on ps4, could be RT depending on PC/Xbox one controller) How do I check my time played? I can't find it."
"Redundant systems? Nice, but why would you need a match for a time bomb?"
"Bibbs is your next lottery stash, Turbin is your deeper league ""need a starter"" add. Better RB stash - Bibbs or Turbin? Who do you believe is a better speculative RB add right now, Kapri 'Sun' Bibbs or Robert 'Turbo' Turbin? Cleveland's running game is marginally better than Denver's but both teams are clearly looking for a bell cow. Duke Johnson likely has the 3rd down situation cornered with the Browns but Crowell has been so-so as the main RB. On the other hand, Denver has an overall better team and a history with no-name guys taking over mid-season and become productive, but their O-Line is a sieve. Thoughts?"
Someone else threw the bone and convinced this guy that he didn't have to pay his taxes... Heh. But did you throw the bone?
"Not much, unless they want to hang me for watching the Republican debate. You found out there's hidden cameras all over your house and you've been watched for the past hour. What leverage do they have on you?"
"Does it just impact the starting system, or the surrounding ones too? There's a mod out called ""Balanced Start Positions"" that helps a lot with this sort of thing."
"And this is why consoles are a thing Errr those people crash, disconnect, complain/pause/fail to react ALL the time. That's kinda obvious?"
"It's a joke about John cena, jeez guys. Wasn't ibn cena Persian?"
SS3 lowkey best project 2016. Young Thug - Tattoos
"Customers never respect stores closing It is always about what they want Most have no clue how that second can totally throw off a closing shift and they really don't care :/ Sir, we're closed... Tonight, at 10pm, my store closed. I cashed out my last customer. As I handed her the receipt, another guy walks in, past the automatic doors that were put on halfway open to accommodate my last customer. My shift lead is standing by the doors, keys in hand. ""Sir,"" my shift lead calls after him, ""it's 10 o clock, we are closed."" ""Oh, I know, I'll only be a sec!"" Guy keeps walking back towards the pet stuff. My shift lead lets my last customer out, and stands by the doors, and I can see she's fuming. Here comes Special Guy. ""See! I was only a second! Haha!"" Special Guy literally puffs out his chest with pride. I ring up his 15 big cans of dog food, and bag them in his gross smelling bag. I tell him his total, he pays, and he's watching both of us, and we are less than thrilled with him. ""Geez, ladies, lighten up! I was only a second!"" My shift lead shakes her head. ""Yes, but you're cutting into our closing ops, and yes, 5 minutes DOES make a difference."" She unlocks the doors to let him out, bidding him adieu. And his parting words to us? ""I was only a second though! Good night!"" Good lord, dude. We are open 14 hours; you had all damn day! Also, before my head gets bitten off, I'm aware some people work doubles or long shifts; I am one of them (my other job). But there is a grocery store open until midnight, and the mini mart open until 11pm that can see you through. Sorry, just...argh!!!!!"
"I love the names...Jose Barista, Edwin Incarceration, Rod Dickley, Roberta Bondar.......I can't stop laughing 22 Minutes: Blue Jays Bandwagon"
"Different countries, different laws. could someone explain why hoeness went to jail and messia and casillas didnt?"
"A shovel, garbage bags, and condoms. What three items would you buy to freak out the cashier?"
Really rather shocked to read this as lived 2 years in Waiuku and confused and cross as to what mental and legal gymnastics are required to result in the non sentence given this creature.. have signed petition. Mother Who Filmed Herself Raping Her 1-Year-Old and Sold it for $300 Gets House Arrest and Community Service
"All with the power of DDP YOGA and if you want to try DDP YOGA, be sure to put in the promo code Jericho! Not anymore at least. he's turned his life around so there's nothing bad to say."
"The difference being Im not Jesus and nor is Michael Voris, as much as he wishes he was. John 6, a lesson in bad communication."
Not sure but these are grate cheese puns! I agree! Who's in chard here?
Quando comincerete a reagire? Bannato pure io
"They're rough, if you're looking to put some work into it I bet you could make yourself a really nice gun. Norinco 1911. Any good? I've done a bunch of precision rifle and hunting rifle builds so I was thinking about doing a 1911 build next. Are the norinco 1911s any good?"
"Mainly: No new maps, no new enemy types, no new objective types, no new gameplay mechanics. Is the game dying out? If so, why?"
"yeah, trump isnt part of the elites or anything. YES! so excited for Jan. 20. so excited to see the elite and their families locked away where they belong like the rats that they are. we can NOT let Shillery Cuntton take our victory away from us."
What about the Nashua branch? I always found the north east part funny since that's the only branches we ever heard of.
This will be the first time I have ever seen someone say diebuster is better than gunbuster. * Honey &amp; Clover * Chihayafuru * Berserk * DieBuster * Nadia: Secret of Blue Water
"No, medics should just always be balanced. megabot autoheal should take 2 times longer medics should be nerfed drastically, medics are cancer, team with more medics wins flakshit shouldn't even exist in the game"
Asian how to basic 763000Kcal WhiteChocolate Bath
"What's that in the sky? traveling in Japan, I found the Russian Embassy"
I still love Diner Dash after all these years What free mobile game never gets boring?
haha Staal thuggin in the zamboni! First Rangerstown Commercial of the new season!
yes. Are they trying to con me??
"I love Korean food, but Korean ramyeon is seriously shit in comparison to the Japanese variety. Yup, I absolutely abhor Japanese ramen must be because I hear ramen and I expect a completely different taste of Korean ramyeon. Tonkatsu and curry are gold though :)"
A pet rock? I got a rock.
"Welcome to the Hunter's Barrage life :) Also make him stop pulling shit. If i cast thunderclap, he runs off to the next mob.. Even if said mob is really far away."
"ryanair, aer lingus etc will have you covered I'm not in Ireland"
"Plus whenever you bring up numbers they just claim it's because of CJ. Stafford haters aren't logical. Also he's had multiple 5000 yard seasons and is the youngest QB to throw for I think 20,000 yards. All this when outside of 2011 we have not had talented receivers besides CJ"
Does it really matter? What was the face like?
"No, turns out they're just regular guys with problems and families and stuff. If they come out of the closet are they fabulous monkeys?"
"Very serious.. So lets punish the driver instead of the team. Max Verstappen has been given a drive thru penalty, to be served in first 3 laps, for an unsafe release. The FIA took it very seriously when it discovered that he had been sent out with an unsecured engine cover."
"He's also ""an American YouTube personality, vlogger, actor and rapper [and] a prankster..."" but I don't see you mentioning that. But he's both a truther and a bombing sympathizer."
From Cali; love Twin Cities music scene (for some decade). I'm willing to bet like half of SRD is from Chicago or the Twin Cities
SAYS THE GUY WITH POKEMON AND WEED REFERENCES IN HIS USERNAME. Are you 12?
"Instead of just voting, why not help start a discussion on the topic? Basic Color Correction -- or do you like all your images dark and yellow???"
"It's been said that the fourth, bottom slot is multiplayer. The four character option is probably for some side-missions and DLC with new characters."
"I absolutely loved that issue, and that moment in particular, but it has nothing to do with the DC movies and doesn't belong here. Dad level over 9000"
"A knowledgeable attention whore, which is a good thing when people are looking for information. Wow, there really was no need for that. Thanks. I do this both because I'm an attention whore and because I believe in democracy."
"Damn that is eye-opening. I worked at a low-income school in the Florin area a few years ago. Every single child there was on free lunch. One kid told me he liked school because it was the only place he ate. One kid was using an old bungee cord as a belt for pants at least two sizes too big for him. More than one student wasn't able to do his or her homework because they didn't have electricity in their house. I killed at least 10 cockroaches in one school year that had hitched a ride in the backpacks (or plastic grocery bags) of different students. Most families couldn't afford new shoes for their children, let alone a smart phone. Sure, they aren't third world country poor, but that doesn't mean they can afford luxuries like the Internet."
"#HotCheetos Big Brother US18 - Episode Discussion - July 10 2016 Sunday episodes typically cover who has won power for the week and what they will do with it. If we didn't learn who the HOH was last Thursday, we'll find out tonight. Nominations almost always happen on Sunday."
"Hmu with a link, I'll sacrifice myself if need be. I've been following the progress on the Verizon xda, I'm not getting my hands dirty until someone comes out with a neat little guide."
Hahaha..haha....ha....:( Neither does your future employer.
"Yea i made a mistake thanks for the correction :D Musketmen aren't a unique unit, replace musketmen with minutemen, and you're example is good."
"I thought this as well, but OP was actually out of fuel. I think there's a reboot thing in order to try to repair certain broken systems. Should be on the same menu where self-destruct is."
reminds me of pollock Cool painting of the Canadian flag
"7845 Fight Me, Plebs"
"Us ""conspiracy freaks"" may just be rationally minded people sometimes... A lot of one sided comments. Mostly pro war. It's really not like reddit at all. Usually you'll have the logical side of the argument too but I see a lot of emotional responses. I'm not a conspiracy freak but I am skeptical... the media can make you see things in their perspective if we're not vigilant."
MFW Battlefield has become Call of Duty Moments like these are why I play Battlefield 4
"Cool fedora, bro. As an atheist, I love watching fundies squirm..."
"More people die falling down stairs than from suicide? I think it strongly does. I'm not trying to downplay racism or mobbing, but it's statistically more likely the poor girl fell down the stairs. Unless we get a credible source stating otherwise, we shouldn't jump to conclusions."
TIE fighter. What is the most satisfying sound?
"The feeling you get when you realize it's not your local subway, immeasurable Hi, welcome to Subway! What can I make (f)or you today?"
Mmmm....Double Deeeeeeeee... There goes my childhood.
I get the joke. Like sex in a canoe.
Do third eye with flashing strobos I'm definitely planning a spring act to Rabbit Whore! It's gonna happen!
3 K's kk
"I ask because they are part of a 9 person pathfind group who is planning on splitting up because the group is to large. Sorry can't say I do. I'm a bit of a hermit, so I don't really know many people outside of my player group."
"Most angry sentinel planets seem to have gravitino balls, whether listed or not. There's one in my current system, and it's a moon actually. Completely barren, no atmosphere with plentiful amounts of Thamium and Plutonium. It actually lists the cubes as one of the available resources in the planet scan. You can find them on planets that don't list it however, though they're exceptionally rare. I've found gravitino balls a few times on planets that didn't have them listed as well."
"""One more turn"" AKA ""Screw space, I haven't finished conquering all the other nations yet."" And it is 8 in the morning."
"I love the pikmin, still looking for the potted ones I actually haven't gotten those yet. I keep getting fucking Pikmin and fire flowers."
You should try charging your phone. I have been in and out of some tiny airports and still have never had trouble charging my shit.
"This kind of conspiracy theory just shows how terrified the left is of The Donald It's pretty minor, but Trump is a democrat sent to try to tear up the Republican Party this election cycle to get Hilary elected"
damn cats intruding on a dog party! It appears there are 2 cats. The fluff ball in lower right could be feline.
"Leaving is leaving, no matter the reason. If I have a leavers ban does getting disconnected exacerbate this or will that not count? Also: Could I just go and play brawl and still get normal XP there?"
"Maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys... maybe even in the colon. Maybe even below the cockles, maybe in the sub-cockle region."
"Everything just got faster for some reason... no, it's regular Spain. Bee Spain is between Bee Portugal and Bee France."
"Pigeon on a chessboard Like I said, you can't argue with stupid."
I had something for this... MAWP.
"You look like midway through your barber just said ""fuck this shit"" and dropped his razor. You can't roast a light skin we just too nice"
Sick ride bro bump Bumping doesn't do anything on reddit.
"Looks like she's employing actual logic, as well as dedication and willpower. I'm so fucking proud of my mum right now you guys!"
"Judo chop! Bagel Bites ""don't worry it's dank"""
"Religion poisons everything. Rajasthan - Muslim clerics to mobilize students against Surya Namaskar, ask them to boycott classes."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! BBUS Live Feed Discussion - July 03, 2015 Discuss today's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
I see Tim uses the iPhone 9 Tim Canova wanted me to share this message he received from someone facebanking-- it works! Keep it up!!!!
Was waiting for that reference to get called out... ;) What is this...the year 2000? There ain't no $100 jeopardy clue.
"watch the ""Bullshit"" episode on recycling. Increased recycling could create 50,000 jobs, report finds"
"I wish my life was as exciting as your belt's. I bought this Eddie Bauer belt 21 years ago. I'd guess I wore it at about 7,000 days. It broke this morning."
((((( It's probably weird for him to be in the same building as the Stanley Cup too. The Pens will have it on display in the concourse.
"I think that was the plan from the beginning as well :| Oh man I might not have enough time to complete the event, let alone farm. The timing is just bad."
"I saved this, to read later... Shit. Laziness isn't a condition or something you are stuck with. It's a habit you can replace - one day at a time - until you are unstoppable and super successful. If you want to want to become the kind of person who stops talking about doing things...and actually follows through, read this post."
All of them if you don't get enough physical activity . What food considered healthy is actually pretty bad?
"by that argument, pretty much everyone who had a job before google was better...? Google developers are the best because they did not have google to help them"
"It's not quirky if only obnoxious assholes correct people on that, the correct word is douchey. I can't believe I just thought of this one: It is Pike Place Market. Do you see an *S* anywhere? You do not, because you respect our quirky need to correct you when you get it wrong."
"I stand corrected. Kabaneri is Amazon only, and it's there in just about every category. MHA isn't on CR either and is represented a lot."
"(im not sure on the exact figure) but i know that in Japan they pay their wrestlers pretty well (not WWE well, but still pretty good) Indy Question: How much would a top tier Indy Wrestler (I.E. Claudio Castagnoli, Kevin Steen, Bryan Danielson) make a week and what would their schedule look like?"
"Riiiight, the damn Reddit machine is broken, not the thousands of highly informed people that happen to read political articles online instead of the boob-tube that are upvoting? The difference is, Reddit won't send an anti-Sanders clickbait article to the front page."
Yes please Katheryn Winnick
"As a black, transsexual, lion-loving, Muslim, gay, dildo-taking, pro-whatever the fuck is convenient, politically involved person, I find this offensive. Let's offend everybody all at once"
Either way it would create a hostile work environment Is this just that she was an intern? He's not married right? Both consenting adults?
Neat. I do
"He also didn't ask if one was legal or illegal yet that's the answer you gave. He didn't ask if his age was odd or even. I suppose if he did ask if his age was odd or even, you would tell him he could legally vote at 18 but not 17."
"!remindme 12 years 2 daughters, no pain. well, until they get older and I have to start burying boys in my back yard I have a large back yard"
"a few years ago my brother found a picture of my grandma when she was 22, and she look to be wearing almost short shorts and a tank top, and I'll admit she was hot as hell, it was weird I just never imagined my grandma to be young and attractive. Granny......"
"You mean exchanges didn't disable nxt deposits and withdrawals? What I found surprising was that people were still buying NXT on the exchanges while there was a real chance of a rollback occurring. There could have been many transactions that would be ""reversed"" after the rollback -- with the exchanges seeing the corresponding losses."
jak the fourth Shit
Think cloak&amp;mwd only it's cloak and mjfg You'll have to expand on this as I'm unsure what you mean by that.
Amount the FPS dropped by? Or amount of times an ability bugged :p
"Choosing/not choosing to make another human being that you're responsible for for 18 years is *definitely* the biggest decision that you'll ever make. Is having children the biggest choice the average person makes in their life? As far as I see it, yes, the biggest choice someone can make is the decision to breed or not. I'm child free and my life would be completely different if I had a child. Completely different in almost every aspect. I imagine most parents lives change completely after they breed and are never the same."
This is the most relatable thing for me on this sub. Anime_IRL
Name one. You know it's not. Your overexaggeration is preventing a sane and civilsed debate. There are far bigger threats to Democracy and peace than the U.S. IMO.
"Ik twijfel tussen ""Balthasar Gerards"" en ""staatsgezinde"". Hey trekkers, wat is het ergste scheldwoord dat je kent? Buiten ""ontzettende Balthasar Gerards"""
red carpet of course =) Preview: Weekly Idol Ep284 (BIGBANG)
"Okay. If anything, it's the other way around. A topknot, like the name implies, must be on top of the head. Also it generally comes with at least part of the head being shaved. A man-bun can be anywhere, usually on the back of the head."
then you didn't live long enough. What if I died of old age while still a hero?
"I meant they were denying any rumors of a potential movie, rumors of which were started by the Concords themselves. HBO didn't shut it down, the Conchords themselves did. They didn't want to do the series anymore (keep it short and sweet)."
What you think about Yasuo? 160k points as yasuo. What do I get
"Yeah he will. Well, we were both 2-14, so I am not sure why you are sorry. Have fun spending your first pick on Geno Smith. He will surely turn that franchise around. LOL."
"Simulant is more than likely a hidden slot, but from what I can tell, there is a slot for a Pulse Rifle, No Time To Explain I hope, and two other specials, so I really don't know what to think at this point Can someone that has at least 1 exotic sword post a screenshot of their kiosk? I noticed that there are only 5 slots, Thunderlord is on the left and Truth is on the right. There are 3 exotic swords so if they fill the 3 slots in the middle then there's no slot for Sleeper Simulant."
"As someone from Kansas City, this is the most stereotypical perspective of our state that could get broadcast nationally. Are people in Kansas retarded? You'd have to be an idiot to walk on the bottom of that thing."
"I would argue the obvious Tupac being a much greater influence to Kendrick. While all this may be true, you're forgetting the *influence* part. It's probable that without Dre, Kendrick wouldn't even be doing what he is today."
Big men FT%s would go from like 60% to 30% NBA considers going to one two-point free throw to save time
"And now we have four, what's your point? Neither did you, for a very long time as well"
"Just a shout out to a fellow Minnesotent. Right on, keep smoking and keep going to shows. I'm going to be at Northlane here in Minnesota, my buddies band In Search Of Solace plays with them :)"
"Maybe but what's more likely is that she'll get in office, become more ill, and her VP will step in and if she doesn't get better become president. Could Sanders step in if she had to withdraw? (I'm not American and don't know the detailed ins and outs of your political system)"
"Might not have had the time, the crew has gotten back together just days earlier and have been through one crazy situation after another. Hmmm. I just realized something. Why didn't Robin tell Luffy that Sabo alive?"
"debt What one simple thing, if gone, would have a drastic effect on your life?"
"Ah, you mean the woman who nearly killed a bunch of people by aiming a fully-loaded AK-47 at them, *with her finger on the trigger* I'll have you know that the antigun lobbies gave him an A++ rating, why he was even besties with Diane Feinstein."
"To be honest, if any hypercarry gets a free lane and doesn't stomp the game they did something seriously wrong. Yeah my teemo was afk the whole game. Fiora just got free farm and destroyed us. 0 counterplay to this bronze champion."
This past april I believe. daaamn. i missed that one
Because everyone who has these are next in line Why would you feel bad for him? He isn't getting a blowjob from these two.
I can really ask anything? I am a bored girl from Hong Kong who happened to come across this subreddit - ask me anything! I find in cool how r/brasil has an ama session unlike the subreddits of other countries. Happy to do some cultural exchange.
"Thanks all! Double Normal does 2.5x the damage, so it's even more damage than SE pokemon. Therefore, it's theoretically possible that if you hit double normal a lot and get a lot of combos off the initial Arceus match, you could get more damage. During competitions, before the plague of ditto users, you'd see the leaderboard being Double Normal teams."
I guess because we both know you have no idea. Is that a rhetorical question?
"I dunno, they're both made out of cheap plastic that creaks when you squeeze it The second you picked up that you would know it wasn't the toy version."
League of Bugssss Wait whaaaaaat?
"Hopefully with Chavis at the helm on defense, games won't be won and lost by our kicker, but who knows. Is anyone else scared to death at the fact that Bertolet is our kicker again? I feel we will have a lot of games this year that may come down to a few points... points we can afford to not have (missed field goals)."
Then what would that make the african team? I just thought he was asian.
You ever seen Gabriel Iglesias? Basically every stand up comedian just gets angry at things
"I only have half that amount of hours, but to me it was worth it. *Eight* months of your life, nice. Was it worth it?"
"that's how you get claim throat Dabbing straight from a banger A friend of mine has a banger but while waiting on his piece has started taking dabs straight out of it. We both looked up info on it but couldn't find much. It's obviously not ""good"" for you, so that isn't the question we have. Was curious what the overall opinion is on this, anyone done it before?"
I'm sure the FBI or cia may have done bigger $30 mil is the largest bust ever? That's surprising.
"""You will cry on Reddit."" Can we get Some Realistic Prophecies?"
"Please send my regards to your dad. After having a stroke, my dad hasn't been able to play Minecraft. Here's the city he built before then."
"If she KNEW it was coming... Telepathy would be the only way to know before hand... I still have to wonder, if she knew the attack was coming, why wasn't she at least prepared to respond? No assistance got their wheels off the ground before the final attack, even? When they knew to expect the attack?? That.. Doesn't seem like a very competent Secretary of State at _all_..."
Thank god. Tests reveal no structural damage of Kyle Lowry's knee
Poverty in America is just plain sad :( They'd rather mooch and club then work and move out of their parents homes.
"Lol, nope, his TV has our ps3 hooked up. until OP realises that they only have 1 TV..."
"I have 3 close gay friends, one black, one white, and one Japanese - so not seeing this one ;) I notice that usually, about 7/10 times I meet someone who is either gay or has a gay sibling. They're white. Gay people are usually white."
"What are your plans regarding your latest status, celocanth3? Hoooooooooooly shit"
"I wonder the same thing Yeah, what a bitch. Jesus Christmas what has happened to the men in this country?"
"I kept coming up with comments... but... i can't even. ""Their labias are ball sacks that didn't finish forming, so their balls go all the way up their asses and turn into ovaries. This basically makes women literal pussified men."""
Release the dams What did you do for that hour? Jezus.
"XD XD XD What if....? (Conspiracy, possible spoilers) XD. What if the show is actually rigger mortis but not for an Alaska win, but for a Katya win? And Alaska just realized that and that's why she lost her cool last episode and looks kinda terrified the new upcoming one? Just a thought....maybe someone already thought of that. If someone already said this, I'm sorry, my bad :3"
Stumped Trump Coward trump
"A great tit, indeed A great tit with its prey"
"just check my one drive Where do I find the best competitive clips to edit? Hello, I am looking into getting into video editing. I need to find clips to edit, if somebody could help me out I'd appreciate it a lot."
"I haven't known them for that long, but they were something I knew existed...... For those 1:15 to 1:18 events are key. They don't sound locally sourced. Let's pause a minute and donate to USLaunchReport. I have watching his videos since they had less than 1000 views, they rocks and allowed us to have more knowledge about the anomaly."
"Can I use wax paper to collect the spore print? Looks like good ol' *Panaeolina foenisecii* aka the ""Lawnmower's Mushroom."" I have them all over my lawn as well! Take a spore print for a final ID check. Very dark brown, and that's it. Jet black, and then you have something different!"
"oh Actually, it has about as much as PC now thanks to updates."
"Original never posted on this sub before content (Mods start clearing repost material please) Theory on The Night Guard (This is for FNAF 2) On the Steam page, this is part of the description: ""In Five Nights at Freddy's 2, the old and aging animatronics are joined by a new cast of characters. They are kid-friendly, updated with the latest in facial recognition technology, tied into local criminal databases, and promise to put on a safe and entertaining show for kids and grown-ups alike!"" There is something that caught my eye here. ""... updated with the latest in facial recognition technology, tied into local criminal databases..."" My theory is, you are playing as a criminal, or you were a criminal. Why would the animatronics be tied into criminal databases if all they do is sing to kids? I'm not saying he's the guy who killed the kids in the first game (although it is possible), but I think the night guard has committed some sort of crime."
Cool video! Adam Young of Owl City talks about sampling in music production
"Sorry, it's true though. as a defender main, this hurts me."
I really fancy a pea fritter though? Friday is fish and chips :-)
"Who? SockPuppetLion on Twitter re: ""Aching Head"""
"Catmom, batdad, and robins. Is catmom bat dads wife? Also my phone wanted to autocorrect to catman.... and is now autocorrecting catman to Cayman...."
I don't think shitty memes on the Internet defend our fucking freedom grandma. fwd: fwd: I'm saving your liberty!!1!
**TRUMP** #THE
My question is: What do you use to hold the phone? Well my poops are about to get a lot more interesting.
If it is just those 2 it's definitely time to disable them until they fix it. How do you do this? Is it only available to Twin Blast and Rampage?
Well Colin Farrell's character wasn't totally sociopathic IIRC Everybody in that movie was a sociopath and a murderer.
Dingleberry! With a quick glance it looks like a piece of poop after a failed wipe
so how do I target the mothership so we can get rid of all the interceptors at once instead of one at a time? It is when the spade has a tendency to swarm them like a fleet of Protoss Interceptors... except they fire rape threats and doxxing instead of little laser beams.
"You miscounted.... What exactly does the bloodline do? We only have four madness cards, and discarding extra lands doesn't really play well with the x-drop we have in the deck."
Did they meet the climate change target the same way they solved the budget crisis? Greg Hunt confirms Australia has 'officially' met its 2020 climate goal
I selected answers by random and got a score of 200. I fuckin hope its accurate. I got a 145
I'M STILL ALIVE! Any game that gets EXPANSION love and isnt PAY to get every fucking skin ingame is better then gw2 atm. Pay2skin = daedgaem
"I guess my advice applied retroactively. Dude, I haven't replied to anything in like 7 hours. What are you talking about lol."
"Wait a minute, you mean that stupid actions actually have consequences? GEICO voice actor makes a YouTube video criticizing the Tea Party Movement. Teabaggers go apeshit, flooding GEICO with calls demanding he be fired. GEICO caves immediately and fires the guy."
People have said they have bad caps that fail but I haven't had an issue with the CX500M. Whats so bad about the CX series?
"Nothing to hide, nothing to fear eh? the government could also not be corrupt.... hahahaha.... sigh."
I buy one every time I'm alone in the house for awhile. A restaurant nesr me makes mac and cheese pizza and there's no red sauce just cheese. And noodles and its fucking outstanding
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck no If science found a ""cure"" for homosexuality, would you take it? assume no side effects and nothing surgical....something like a birth control implant hormonal/medicinal time release concoction that triggered desire for the opposite sex and diminished to near zero desire for same sex. You could be ""normal""....would you?"
What? Yeah I suppose Iowa doesn't have many paved roads.
"He who must not be named you know who will go down. Not saying his name because i dont want to jinx anyone, I dont wish it by any means i just think age is going to catch up"
Press conference that just took place. Where is that from
"I've seen it both as Kenpo and Kempo, I prefer the first. Kenpo, if that's how you spell it"
Gray Grey
nostalrius Can't decide between Kronos or Nostalrius.
"hamburger refers to the city of hamburg, not the meat ham In Pulp Fiction Jules eats a hamburger at the start of the film but at the end he claims he doesn't eat pig."
"Everything is great about Toronto except the traffic. I'd like this to be true. It's more weird to even think about Toronto being a place that a player would lobby to go to. The team is great, but most Americans write the city off until they actually stay there awhile and realize how metropolitan it is."
"I painted mine black and added a pushbar If you drive a Crown Vic and are not a police officer, please paint it with a ridiculous color scheme so we don't freak. Thanks."
"Bought my car used, most likely used as a rental car, it has a keyless/push button ignition and even has a bunch of these scrape lines in the same spot. That looks more like a car rental since there's more people with the habit of pushing their keys in that position behind the wheel than one owner who would quickly get into the habit of inserting the key by the wheel."
I've heard Evra has a pretty out there taste in music Cheers. A bit middle-of-the-road for my likings but not too bad actually. Now time for De Gea's infamous playlist!
"But, homeless in Hawaii. ""Oh look he won a lottery, maybe I will too!"" No, you'll become homeless"
Thank you very much We are looking in to it now.
"I were also referring to the other products Sure, the mousepads were free shipping, but I was referring to all the other free credits you get when you sign up."
That look of shame in her eye Looks like they just had sex
"Big buck Hunter for me. I just want to leave work, have a beer, and play some Golden Tee. Is that too much to ask?"
"Man, when people bring out the ""you're a child"" cookie cutter condescending responses, regardless of the context, it makes me cringe. I don't think people who decide to open their mouths in response without even paying attention to what the previous speaker said deserves respect and is a insult the the original speaker. Now, if you can't understand that than please return to the children's table where you belong."
"so i guess what OP is going for is that if you expose the kid to monsters at an early age, then he won't realize they're monsters... brilliant, brilliant. When my son Max was born I decided to paint his room. 18 pics, from start to finish."
It's like looking at my Grandma's taskbar! That's an awfully busy system tray.
"It's egg and salmon, right? Not Otherwise Specified"
Your mom's pussy. Fav drink + fear. I don't know what Fuck tastes like
"Odell with Stafford, mmm Or Odell Beckham Jr"
"Gustavsson at 1.85 is pretty good. Enough about the big names, what small UFA signings (below $2.0 million / year) are you thrilled about?"
"And the impending future of driverless cars. If they are owner/operators they can make more than that. I know a guy who works 6 months out of the year driving his own truck, a month or two hauling beats and taking back loads back he makes 30K a month. The thing that sucks is breakdown, repairs, fuel costs."
"Account age : 17m Subreddits posted in: r/GirlsOfMinecraft, r/Minecraft Thats just sad... Minecraft"
"It's like you just pitched a perfect game, but with your wallet. Damn it, steam."
Che tristezza buttarla sui soldi per tutto Aggratiss
So how's all that crippling anxiety working for you? This is how my parents medicated me
The chat's so disappointing; dota2 needs to brush up on their RS memes. Spotted during the Dota's TI
"OP, did you ask the parents of that kid before posting a pic? My son likes to randomly hug other children at playgrounds. This kid's face...."
Simmer down kid and use some punctuations. So people don't want to associate with there interests must be a shitty life to conform to everyone else and not have your own world view plus then your friends won't like what you life sounds like someone is being a pussy read what you want play a ds talk about your interests stop being a sheep be your fucking self
"That sounds plausible, but silly writing sounds equally plausible. Boring serious answer: because back in those days, the printing process used for comics was so cheap that tiny little dots like a period would be missing or illegible too often. Entire issues would be printed in which every sentence ended with an exclamation mark, question mark, or I guess maybe ellipsis, but no lone periods."
hi luke Hi fruits
Damn right. MRW life smacks you in the face
"TNA just signed a ~~talented~~ woman. TMZ is reporting that Brandi Rhodes, Cody wife, signed with TNA"
"Great opinion. Eh, not really. Juvia would probably just be unbearable and whine about Gray-sama 90% of the time. Laxus is not even remotely an interesting character (struggling to think of interesting moments with him), just insanely powerful. Mirajane is 50-50, can be serious, can be fun. Basically Gajeel and Cana are the only fun ones in that group."
"Yeah remember how Halo 4 completely copied killstreaks or Halo 5's movement is identical to Advanced Warfare? To be fair, there's a magnitude of difference between a little shoutout and modeling the entire game around a well-established franchise."
"Got a lucky coin on my second pirate invasion, didn't even realize how rare it was until much later What was your luckiest find in Terraria? Whether it be a certain weapon, accessory or item, I wanna know"
It's supposed to have angry eyebrows The little bunny logo seems off
If I still had contacts from my days at Nortel it would have pleased me to send him one. My friend collects the mugs from famous American business failures. A 3 Mile Island engineer's mug is his pride and joy because he couldn't find a Madoff.
"No, the moral is know your rights and exercise them. I ended up in jail once because the person driving (former friend) got pulled over for a license plate light. The cop took one look at his pink hair and asked to search the vehicle. He was dumb enough to allow a search because he was scared, even when he knew we had drugs in the car. All because a license plate light was out. The moral of the story is: Don't go to Texas with pink hair."
Hmm that would be funny if he tipped off the 322 That's Jimmy. Johnny is a player in SEA who was kicked out of Arrow and formed his own team and named it Johnny' Revenge. He left before their 322 so in a way he was spared their downfall and in doing so got his revenge.
"He's not not white, that's how. TIL that John McCain was born in Panama and not the continental US. How did he run for president? After a bipartisan review and a Senate resolution, it was concluded he was a natural born citizen as at the time Panama was controlled by the US."
Lol username checks out Your whole point doesn't hold anything of value. Not worth to add anything of value that you won't even care to consider. You are a waste of time. Your people ARE lucky that you are not in charge of the immigration policies.
"Well, he's a banker now so let's hope so. Damn. That is one hell of a misuse of funds. I wonder if he learned his lesson or not."
"3 snipers, a Mei, 2 Gengis with no healer or tank on Attack seems like a 1/10 to me I'm curious as to what qualifies as a 1/10 now..."
"enjoy your FBI raid chem experiments at home I'm an undergrad chem student with access to any lab glass, the basic apparatuses, some fire and some internal energy. What can I do outside of class and research for fun?"
"The attacker was reported to be a member of the Blue Lives Matter terrorist organization. Another ""lone wolf"" terrorist attack."
That dog aged really well. Then and now
I'm not 15 and I'm not rating comments like an idiot 3/10 for projecting personal life onto a stranger on the internet
Kitchen looks nice too! Homemade Ravioli &amp; Tortellini
Stuff like veils etc are not religious they are tools designed to dehumanise and oppress and she's brainwashed I can't believe people support this bullshit Muslim student clashes with Valencia school over right to wear veil
yeah Didn't Xerox not give a shit about the mouse since they really had no use for it?
"I do not see us sweeping Alabama on the road, but here's to hoping. We'll see if y'all are still undefeated after you play your first true road games next weekend."
"maybe you should live up to your name and stay silent on this topic, because you clearly know nothing. What is Stormont? And no offense, but most people's view of ""the troubles"" are simplistic."
"Smash ground, collect kills Cabraken. Fun to play as, I just never feel like I am doing well when playing him."
Right - I'm pointing out the scale. Well this picture has hairs for scale so I think it appears quite accurate ;)
Those are just word salad to me. I couldn't read more than a couple lines of that statement. It's too damn early to be cringing this hard.
Haha 8-6 Go Indians. Billy Goat lives on!
"Good, how else can we tell if they have filed down teeth, and have been turned to the Shadow? Dutch cabinet approves partial ban on Islamic veil in public areas"
Low Profile tires are expensive as fuck... Sounds pretty pro to me... There was nothing pro about this revenge.
"FUCK 2016 Week 10 Game Thread: Pittsburgh Steelers(4-4) Vs. Dallas Cowboys(7-1) Please Remember: ##**Leave all opinions/thoughts inside of this thread. Anything that isn't newsworthy posted outside of this thread during the game will be removed.** Don't be rude. We're all here to watch the game. Do not troll the other sub's game thread/post game thread. We will be notified and we will take necessary steps after that. If you see someone in here trolling, feel free to file a report and we will take care of it. Thank you and enjoy the game."
"My one rule: Don't use chemicals to deal with my emotions, problems, fears, worries, etc. My 10 rules for my sober living 1) Eliminate all drugs (including alcohol) from my life. 2) Accept that my One higher power gives purpose to my life. 3) Take responsibility for my actions and admit it when I am wrong. 4) Treat others as I would want to be treated. 5) Endure my suffering and shine out with love. 6) Count my blessings every day. 7) Learn something new every day. 8) Be as happy as I am able. 9) Be unafraid. 10) Seek the truth in all things."
"When I walk in to order, they seem to serve the drive through customers ahead of the walk in ones. Wish the guy in front of me today knew this"
"Thanks for your brilliant insights there, chief. I'm not much a fan of dave smith or prophet, really hoping someone else announces a poly."
"And while that's fair, you'd think an omnipotent, omnibenevolent god would be capable of making a convincing argument for total abolition if he wanted to. BA in biblical studies here! According to Dr. Master, one of my mentors, all the passages involving slavery, rape, etc. were there to shame those who did these things. There are so many passages which are basically saying, ""Dude. You used to be a slave. Why would you enslave someone? But since you're going to do it anyway, at least don't do x."" So, if you are going to enslave a girl, you at least have to make sure she is provided for and given in marriage, not just raped and left for dead. Most scripture should be interpreted as tackling social issues gradually. The passages about women are radical because prior to Christianity, women weren't allowed in the temple to hear the preaching at all. ""Husbands, love your wives"" was a huge shocker."
"Libertarian, so yes. So vote Republican?"
"Paul Blart: Mall Cop really helped me through the loss of my first sandwich. Reddit, You have the perfect sandwich sorted for your lunch. You leave it in the fridge and when lunch time comes you head to the staff canteen. But wait, Doug from accounting has it and he is about to take a man sized bite. What would you consider to be a reasonable reaction to Doug's treachery?"
Why are you on a sub for a game you don't even play then? I don't play on the p2p servers.
nice maymay :D
Can I have a steam key for it please? Hey. I made this game. It should be free. I am waiting got Valve to respond. Nothing illegal about it. Enjoy the game!
"A little of column A, a little of column B. Not sure if troll or lonely neckbeard."
"I only party, I've never read a book in my life. Shit like this always bugs the shit out of me. I mean, I know it's the whole point of this sub, and in that regard consider my fedora most tipped. But I hate the false dichotomy these douchebags always present. Because, at least I *think*, people can be outgoing and enjoy an active social life AND read. Source: me. So either, I'm just some regular dude and these neckbeards are full of shit or I'm a rarified specimen of mankind."
Probably the most beautiful thing I have seen on this sub. The Red Drum Getaway (NSFW)
"Okay, a little more understandable now that I know some details. Umm he still thinks the internet is a fad and the ""just do it don't ask questions"" I got all my life has made me have to learn everything I know myself. Also I ""learned"" that all experts are bullshit, technology is useless, and that it's the waitresses fault our food is taking a long time. Yea love the guy"
"I like Marquez, seems like great dedication on ST and he also used to pop up everyone now and then with a catch on 3rd down that moved the chains. Dedicated ST players are worth rostering. It's why we've kept Chase Reynolds for so long. Considering Marquez showed he can play receiver and not be a complete liability unlike Reynolds, he's even more valuable. Not at all a bad player to keep."
Barely pinged for me. I couldn't find the humor.
everyone's got imaginary earmuffs on and some serious tunnel vision going on. When a character hides in some blatantly obvious spot but somehow no one sees or hears them
"IS blowing up the nuke train If everybody in your hometown were to suddenly die, what would you assume killed them?"
"Like a bats If humans could fly, our wings would be really gross looking."
Yep... that's a cheerful message. This little old lady thought she'd cheer up everyone at the beach today....
"Any news on Hightower? Official Post-Game Thread: Denver Broncos (9-2) defeat the New England Patriots (10-1) 30 to 24 | November 29, 2015 | Sports Authority Field at Mile High, Denver, CO"
aww-grammar it's only funny if you saw it out loud. *you're Joke ruined by bad grammar choice.
"They are pissed they wasted $3 million on a car that was fastest for only 1 week. It's always the ones in the X80, 90% of X80 drivers have tried to ram me off the track."
"It makes me sleepy the first couple of days. Progesterone! Does it make anyone else trip? (X-post r/asktransgender) So I'm tripping pretty hard right now. I feel drunk but without the dizziness and nausea. Does anyone else get this? Seriously it's kind of awesome. But I'm a little weirded out. Thank you all you lovely, wonderful beautiful people. Hannah X"
"There's not enough upvotes in the world for you, good sir/ma'am. Novice Network drama best drama. While I don't know you personally, but it seems you want the rules and systems to be based around your own personal idea of how they should be. Even the GM got tired of this and gave you basic responses just to shut you up. As a mentor you are not a moderator, a GM, or the NN police. You are there to give advice and help new players, not control or police the channel. Really the only reason you have control privileges is to kick spammers and gold sellers, not to deem what is valid discussion."
"Creeps will twist anything into sexualized discussion if at all possible. There is a Harry Potter quote on my profile that reads, *""Curious, very curious.""* This man clearly did not get the reference."
Have a talk with Mark Zuckerberg Say you woke up in Hillary Clinton's body on Inauguration Day in 2009; what would you do differently?
"The Nazis where just doing their jobs. Yes, I love putting innocent people in jail for doing their job! There's nothing like the power trip you get from taking away ALL of someone's rights because they attempted to take away your right to own implements of murder."
"Thank you, God bless Thats rough friend. Best wishes."
"I've got a .50 cal sniper with burning, but I'd rather have the additional projectile laser musket, that thing would wreck face with 6 charges. I love the additional projectile legendaries. I have a sniper with it and it absolutely slays."
"Best stat to come out this will be the team he has faced most often without scoring against. Cristiano Ronaldo has now scored 500 goals at club level: Sporting (5), United (118) y Madrid (377)"
No. the fuck? didn't she kill herself?
"Hedman Who is your favorite Defenseman so far? I've been loving Faulk so far, just wanted to hear everyone's thoughts!"
"Apart from MPs. Breakdown showed he had a majority in all areas, so that's a solid start."
"He is a ""bootstrappy"" guy. ""If you don't have a job and you're not rich, blame yourself!"""
Is Paul Ryan putting out his own propaganda now because he is afraid he is going to get voted out for being a turncoat? Paul Ryan Would Like to Share With You the Most Amazing Book
He already has his first achievement so we know he'll go places in life He's a fungus.
"Probably the server crashed, same thing happened to me once. Timed Out but No Cooldown? Today I had a really weird thing happen. I was playing a mm game, we were up 8-1 and it was a 4 v 1. I go into upper tuns and sit behind the boxes to watch where the bomb was dropped. Then, i freeze, and my game shows the Auto-Disconnect message. It takes me back rto the menu sccreen and says I timed out. But there is no option to reonnect/anandon the match. I waited and restarted my game, but still no buttons. And it wasnt that the buttons didnt show up, I also didnt get a cooldown. I just went right on to another mm game aa few minutes after i was disconnected. Anybody know what caused this? Im not upset, just curious."
"If so, give him a red Swingline stapler to appease him. Did he threaten to set fire to the building?"
"Windows 10 universal apps: Run the same apps on your computer with an adapted ui. Can someone convince me to switch from Android? There's a few things that interest me, but I can't tell if it's really worth the switch. I personally don't really use many 3rd party apps on Android as it is. I always thought that if I could get a desktop browser-like experience with a mobile browser that I'd be pretty happy with that alone."
Wasn't this the knock on George Soros as well? Gates Foundation accused of 'dangerously skewing' aid priorities by promoting 'corporate globalisation': Controversial new report calls for Bill Gates' philanthropic Foundation to undergo an international investigation
91X has been playing a lot more pop lately Why not? I love the music on 91x and grew up on it. I had to move from San Diego. I was hoping there might be other people like me out there. We could just talk about music and new alternative music trends. To me 91x formed my taste in music. It had an immense impact on my life.
"afaik, the +5 occult too, yes? White Titanite Slab, you need it to make a weapon +10 Divine."
INTP What MBTI type do you get along with best?
"OK, thank you! In all seriousness,tho,it isn't. There are better water element lances. (can't recall any atm) Just make sure to prioritize Sharpness over Element,when possible."
And incredibly worried Yes *most* don't. If some celebrity donned a lab coat and fabricated a quality perfume I think we would all be incredibly mildly interested.
I am studying abroad in prague and at my university we have a building that alone has 6-10 of them. Old elevator in Prague don't stop between floors. You jump in/out on the go!
"I can't believe that many people showed up to a Tim Kaine rally. Tim Kaine Interrupted by ""Bill Clinton Is A Rapist!"""
Checked my trophies and it shows what % of people have it under it. where can you see?
Could you imagine Simmons if the Harden wins a ring and the Thunder don't? I hope the Rockets win it all
"He pleaded down to avoid trial. It's a matter of public record that Jeremy Hill was guilty of carnal knowledge of a juvenile, which is a misdemeanor. If he were a rapist, he'd be at Angola breaking rocks."
"I can't belive someone gave you gold for this childish comment. Stop depending on others, start being somebody people can depend on. Everything else is just what people think looks like an adult."
"Yes, was too easy and quit for a real game. 5 minute cooldown, 1/3 the range. Have you even played league?"
"What if A&amp;M actually focused on conditioning for the 2011 season? r/CFB, what is the biggest ""what if"" for your team? Mine for Iowa is : what if Shonn Greene had returned to play for the 2009 season? In 2008 Shonn Greene was the best running back in the nation, and (In my bias opinion) should have been a finalist for the Heisman trophy that year. He rushed for 1850 yards and didn't have a game with under 100. He also tallied 20 touchdowns. In 2009 we made a 9-0 run to start the season, led by our ferocious defense and comeback savvy quarterback. There were several miracles, like a touchdown pass at Mich State with 2 seconds left to win, or the Halloween day comeback against upset minded Indiana. Perhaps the best of all was the Season opener against Nothern Iowa. We were up 17-16 with several seconds left and they attempted a field goal to take the lead. We blocked it, but they recovered and attempted again on the next play as time expired and we blocked it again. Then we lost against Northwestern after they broke our quarterback's ankle. The next week we played at OSU and our back up quarterback took us to overtime in his first career start. We went to the orange bowl and our defense dominated Georgia Tech's triple option. What I'm getting at is if we could pull of a 9-0 run and 2 close losses with not much of a run game; what could have happened if we had that defense, with those wide receivers, with that patriotic quarterback, and then added the nations best running back into the mix. In my mind I see us going all the way and playing Alabama in the championship game, perhaps putting up a little bit more of a fight than texas did. So r/CFB, what's your team's biggest ""What if""?"
"I tried that but I'll give it another go this afternoon Mine just did this like seconds ago. No matter what USB port I used, Sync Manager said my phone wasn't plugged in, despite Windows recognizing it. Using a different cable fixed it."
"At that price it won't matter. Buddy needs help picking his first bmx I don't really know other brands aswell as Norco but I mostly mountain bike, we are lookin at haro, n we the ppl. He has a limit of 250 bucks what would be the best bang for his buck"
Read up on his childhood oh yes such a hard life making millions playing basketball.. smh
and you get after the delay the recoil and then is the projectile actualy leaving the rifle. I've got decent frames. Probably have better things to cert into though. Thanks
I have virgin ears. 2015 SEC Hype Video
just be sure not to inflate the upvotes like a pufferfish Thought it would have blown up like a blowfish but apparently not
"I think it would be bad for teachers, the architects of the minds of our nations youth, to imply that something is bad just because it's illegal. What's so bad about a teacher advising against students doing something illegal again?"
"So that's what Aunt means Yeah, Jon is Dany's brother's son"
"Please be a troll. yeah doesn't work since no one died, look it up. It was a poor hoax."
"Israel says thank you and good bye. Arab Israeli uses hang glider to fly to Syria, join ISIS"
Ramsay Bolton from GoT What supporting or minor character in any novel or movie do you wish had their own story where they were the main character?
IT ^IS ^^THE ^^^PC! Oh
Because something needs to be creative before it is a valid point or reason to disregard his opinion... Clowning a stranger online for their potentially young age is one of the weakest things I see Redditors do all the time. It's just not a good way to be condescending... Not even creative
not usually from a phone on the default phone email client Can't you put a delay on when to send an email?
"My new DJ name is now ""L I P I D. R A F T. "" Harvard spent $5M to provide the most accurate depiction ever of the inner-workings of a cell. It may seem stylized, but every detail is as medically accurate as possible. Life is amazing."
"I also like ""Into the Mystic"" and ""Sweet Thing""! ""Have I told you lately that I love you?"" And ""Someone Like You"", both by Van Morrison."
This is what it feels like when you use the laser attack in Bayonetta as well. Imma fire ma laza!
Not enough badges Why wont my Mew listen to me?
Man I like discs :( I like having things displayed on a shelf. Like *discs*? Why?
"He has returned So after I just read that whole wild ride, I was thinking to myself ""who in the name of the sweet baby Jesus could have possibly written that?"" So I scroll up and IT'S MOTHERFUCKING VARGAS! GODDAMN IT VARGAS!!!"
she told me that she didn't find me physically attractive lol but my personality well she still found you attractive
Can't quite tell if Quebec's eyes are hearts or red daggers... Language Families
"Around 78k viewing the right side stream on Donald's facebook. There were over 34,000 viewing the Right Side stream when he wrapped up. #At 1:05AM."
"SSR Goku Black hits for 1.4m damage. So it seems ssgss vegito is the first card that can break a million all on its own! Let's say an average turn u get two counters, that's around 300k damage. A super for about 250-300k. Then let's say just two basic attacks for around 80k each and we're already at ss3 gotenks and LR goku levels. But if even just one of the additional attacks is a super, that could be over a million easily!"
Fun fact: the girl that he was playing with in this video (bluetea) went on to leak his dick pics on the internet. Game 2 of Germany vs Canada reminded me of this
Tootsie Roll I want to eat it for some reason
"But only those approved by facebook can join. freebasics is not just free facebook, it's an open platform that anyone can join in order to provide their services for free. Facebook, since conceptualized this entire thing, is naturally the first to be present on the platform, anyone can join them, even a startup that was created a week ago."
"Reminder You can definitely help, I will message you when I'm home."
"I named mine ""Beaches"" because it's a bootleg peaches Anyone else here rename Patches to ""Not Peaches""?"
"Magicka wins for me The civ V multiplayer crashes if a bug takes a shit in china, it is by far the worst multiplayer client I have ever seen in a video game. I mean really I have had it crash 18 times in 2 hours."
"Dont call it Cyber.. Put in charge of Cyber security...where to start So I've been put in charge of cyber security for my company...Nothing crazy complicated to begin with, writing some password policies, server and workstation hardening, etc etc. I'm not really up to speed on data compliancy. I've started looking at the NIST framework and reading the 800-53r4. Anyone else have recommendations on where to start?"
"Same so far. My childhood was excellent. My parents brought us up extremely well in a loving secure family. They often say having children was the best thing they have ever done in their lives. We were all good kids, now successful adults who make them proud."
such bravery much internet edge wow Then complain to the mods. You'll get no sympathy with the masses.
"You bet your ass we are Are we the strongest guardians currently? Just a thought, are we stronger than the Vanguards? The Iron Lords? Osiris? Toland?"
"Every other human female too, more or less. This character looks like... every other ele I meet in game."
YES ITS NOT US ANYMORE DREAM TEAM!
S O
"I think it's worth seeing again regardless, but if it's different a bit each time, I'll prioritize it. Such a good show, the best thing currently on Brudway"
What kick I didn't see it in the weigh ins That capoeira kick is going to lose Connor the match.
"Do you know what an overdose is? How would sipping a lot be dangerous? You didn't really answer the question All you said was its addictive, well so are cigarettes but that's legal"
"I got a finja from a pack, but I have no good murlocs, so it's basically just waiting for me to open some Warleaders. I'm torn on that one TBH. I'm not sure how good Anyfinadin is yet and I don't want to waste scraps on something that will turn out to suck. It's like I crafted Lightlord when WOG came out and Nzoth Paladin was *the bomb* Tier 1 deck...and then it just disappeared"
"We should all be working glorious manufacturing and construction jobs! Of all the positions Berners take, the ones about small business are the most hilarious to me. They repeatedly get everything about it wrong. They talk about how it's dead or dying (it's thriving) and they also demonize the owners of small business. It's like, in their world, people aren't allowed to have ANY sort of success."
"I assume with body parts and the uniform showing in the same picture. wait a minute, how was she simultaneously nude AND in her work uniform...?"
"They're a bit pricier, but the performance boost is worth it for me :p Bahaha, I just saw the photo you edited in. Looking good. I didn't realize that the 4TB ones had two physical drives in them. The one on the far left of mine is ALSO a 4TB version."
"I always thought that Winston and Tracer were together, maybe Blizzard isn't open to these kinds of relationships... New comic: Tracer Reflections"
Chan's newest factory that's just been getting into high-tier reps who is x factory been saying that name a lot lately
Yoko is no stranger to the piano I'm sure she will keep the tradition strong Hopefully we get a piano collection solo book and the original soundtrack piano solo book. I know we have a new composer but all the numbers titles have theme.
"That's the beauty of it - we can all have different opinions and, to many, Walt was very much a likeable villain. I don't understand this. He was amazingly entertaining in every season to me and that's what makes me like a character. Tony Soprano was a total piece of shit from the very beginning, but he's probably my favorite TV character of all time because he entertained the fuck out of me."
"A quick google image search on ""two tone wooden dog dish holder"" shows it's been done a few times. What do you think of this product design idea? Hey reddit, Just a quick survey I had to make for a class I'm taking. Our idea is two tone wooden dog bowls with a metal insert. If you could just take a minute to answer these quick survey would be greatly appreciated."
"can confirm, live in Wyoming. Welcome to Wyoming! Here's another plane ticket because you obviously didn't mean to come here!"
No it's because of that piece of shit gamebyro engine if Bethesda uses that crap in their new games I will not buy them. I guess this is why New Vegas is so glitchy...
WE DID IT REDDIT! PAGE 1!
"So naive. Jesus, you guys sound like a bunch of 9/11 truthers"
That was a cringeworthy performance from the interviewer. Noam Chomsky on the war against ISIL
"somebody being stabbed to death is hilarious? Well I do, and its hilarious."
great shooting Yemen ballistic missile kills dozens of Saudi troops
"If we don't blow each other up, that is. We'll have a period of time where jobless rates skyrocket and people have no idea what to do anymore. Then people will adjust to a new lifestyle of intellectual pursuit and hobbies devoid of menial labor. Technological advancement and efficiency will reach a point where housing can be built dirt cheap, farming is all automated, and all basic needs can be easily met. It's just going to be absolute hell in the time between when we start mass deployment of automation and when automation makes basic necessities a trivial matter."
Totally get it Yes but it's already hard enough keeping track of the mess that is the Iron Islands from the books. Adding too many new characters this late in the series is a bad idea. They're already going to have a hard enough time building Euron up as a good villain.
Repost this to r/TalesFromThePizzaGuy Domino's
Ineffable. What is your favorite word?
"It's not, the optimal rotation right now is stacking crit and spamming chaos strike. In a single target or two target cleave situation I'm not sure how it's better than pressing Demon's Bite or Chaos Strike though; then again I don't have my Artifact filled in either so maybe I am forgetting an aspect where pressing them is a dmg increase."
I must admit this interpretation is really nice interpretation and really good way to see a god that is love.... Do Jehovah's Witnesses believe in annihilation?
"It took me too long to figure out why bees might be attracted to the truck carrying beer, which crashed. A truck carrying bees crashes"
but what ifi have social issues and dont want to go to the store? Then you shoud be able to afford lego in the first place
"Further up on the thread there is an example of a LOL pro who uses a trackball, and I think there was a semi-pro q3 pro with a trackball as well If you play casually, sure."
If by speed they mean meth then yeah I think that's a felony. Felony speed? Is this a thing??
"That comment sounds like summer to me Except not really, it's just a myth lifted from 4chan. It's more confirmation bias than anything."
Because you left for PayPal? Right. That's why worldwide bitcoin fell from 490-ish to 450-ish.
Free Cascadia when? Washingtonian here. Please take us with you. We can throw in Oregon too.
yes I would. Would you rather they go on strike instead? Good luck with that world.
"I like Tate, but take that with a grain of salt knowing i'm a Charger fan Standard Latavius murray or golden tate in flex? Up 50 with Ben and gronk"
Hilarious f bomb laden rant I love this video but it's kind of offensive....
"If Claire gets diagnosed with early onset Parkinson's, I would drop my tendies so hard Next season perhaps?"
"It should be: I challenge THEE to a duel I'm a small guy with a big attitude Yesterday someone said I looked like geodude (which is sadly somewhat true because I don't actually have legs and I constantly levitate. I'm also ball shaped), and I got really offended. Now - normally? I wouldn't give two shits. But yesterday was my mom's birthday and I forgot to get her a gift, so I was extra pissed off and had a lot of A t t i t u d e. I walked right on up to this big balled fuck and told him to ""quell thy nerves, for I challenge thou to a duel within the forbidden forest"". Dude honestly didn't know what to say, so I pulled out my rapier and said ""who's the geodude now?"" Anyone else have good stories about standing up to people who call you names based on your height and/or ball shape and/or involuntary levitation?"
"I don't really have any suggestions for what to change, I was just wondering if he is allowed to make changes. So when a new president takes office, they submit a list of decoration/aesthetic changes to be made. I'm sure on the top of every President's list is a new bed. What would you have him change?"
"Don't get a Blue Yeti, they are overrated. Should I be looking for a dynamic or condenser microphone for streaming? I'm looking to upgrade my audio setup. Right now I'm currently using a USB condenser microphone, but I learned about dynamic microphones during my research for an upgrade. I'm looking for a microphone that doesn't pick up unnecessary noise(keyboard clicks, other people in the house talking, etc) and has great sound quality. I'm wondering if dynamic mics fit the criteria and if I should choose one, or if I'm better off going with an AT2035 with an audio interface. Any help is appreciated. Thanks!"
"Isn't that exactly what NC-17 means? Those movies are NC-17, and I think there needs to be a ""no entry for anyone under 17-18"" rating for movies with content that explicit."
"Sorry Pedro, no one will vote for you. 18 y/o high school student"
Jesus Christ Chance. Kanye West performing Ultralight Beam on SNL
"We're I unwed, I would take you in a manly fashion! r/prettygirls did not agree. Trolls, will you tell me I'm pretty?"
Seymour thought the same thing about Fry. He *is* coming back.
"You are a bad person, and you should feel bad. Blind allegiance to a team is a little superficial. Why do you cheer for a team? Because their stadium is closest to where you live? I realize the answer for most people is, of course, ""yes"". I don't consider myself an expert NFL fan or anything, but as I've learned and watched more about the game, I kind of consider myself as having 32 favorite teams in the NFL. If Pat Bowlen moved the Broncos to Montana or Mars, I'd still consider the Broncos my preferred team to watch."
"The government owes money to a few companies, tens of billions of dollars The government owes money to GE? shit.... so they're expecting me to pay in 800$ because I started a small business and made a net profit of $8k for the year.. 100$ extra because I didn't sign up for Healthcare... but GE needs a refund check?? I'm inclined to feel like I shouldn't pay :("
"totally going there before i go back to college lol That's the Chrysler Museum decked out with a ton of stops and lures... Also, air-conditioning, free admission, and art."
"OP obviously lives with his parents.... Or they'd know these things are pricey as shit doe Are you joking, hot pockets? I eat this because I'm #teambroke."
HR going back to my never bet list lol... why did I bet HR when it was 6mins from now..
Send the details in pm. Any chance you could PM me and elaborate? I'd like to hear about it and see what I can do.
And then got blowjobs later on by his mom? is this a reference to that one guy who couldn't play with his man parts?
"More like, they can see spirits that fuck with them. Proof that there are invisible ninjas that only cats can see."
"We're talking about the largest group of completely honest solipsists on the internet here Okay, so if I don't witness something with my own two eyes, apparently it never happened. How the fuck does history even exist then?"
IT CAN BE AND IT WILL BE! Quiddich could never be a sport
"Ouch, playing for the Twins, that has to hurt. Where in the world is Suga Shane? Did he hit FA?"
What does the error message say? i get an error message everytime i try to do a qualitics survey
"Because if the US was invaded, I would say, ""oh thank god for these saviors who destroyed my government and country"". Members of Afghanistan Parliament urge citizens to take up arms against the USA: ""Americans are invaders, and jihad against Americans is an obligation"""
"Probably not, seems like a piece of shit Will my PC be able to run this?"
About 20 bucks how much is that?
"What about corroision of steel nibs from Iron Gall inks? Iron Gall inks are notoriously well behaved inks. they don't bleedthrough, they don't feather (even on the cheapest papers, I've found) and are waterproof when dry. This is actually important because I have accidentally sneezed on my notes before with non iron gall ink and it wipes out the writing. Your color options will be limited to blue-blacks and blacks and a purple as far as I know. I use Diamine's Registrar's ink and it's fantastic. I also use Rohrer and Klingner's Scabiosa (the only purple Iron Gall out there as far as I know) which also performs well and has a decent drying time. Like you, I'm a student using cheap notebook paper and occasional handouts. These inks behave very well on cheap paper. One word of caution, you have to be a bit more diligent in your pen maintenance with iron gall inks. I have stained some ink windows with it, but it's purely aesthetic and has not affected the performance of the nib."
Speak for yourself. We are ALL reposts on this blessed day
A laughing duck. I wonder what this gif is about
When reality seems like a Kurt Vonnegut novel Too soon?
"You're noting dreadscale but i wish i had dreadscale right now, seems like the only hunter legendary besides savannah that's worth it I've been quite lucky with the number of legendaries, but not with the quality: The crappy ones (_OK, I, admit, that some of these could work in **some** gimmick decks_): * Lorewalker Cho * Fjola Lightbane * Bolf Ramshield * Mimiron's head * Dreadscale * Eydis Darkbane * The Beast * Deathwing * Icehowl The few good ones: * Tirion * Iron Juggernaut * Grommash * Alexstrasza * Paletress"
"not smoking crack and driving drunk? Why, what's her plan for the city?"
"Hmm I might sell my i5 4670k and get a i7 but idk if it would be worth it... 74 Days Brothers, prepare your wallets... For Upgrades! I just realized that ~~Cyber~~ Newegg Monday is in 74 days! I say YAY! My wallet says NOOO!"
"Nope. Darkscape bank system Does anyone else think it would be more interesting if they implemented the same bank and GE system that darkscape has? I just think it would make the game more interesting, it would eliminate the need of mules for the most part, and it would allow mages and range pures to not get fucked by the 28 most valuable stack loss."
Rallos Zek or nothing! Ah old EQ cheats... I remember seeing a shadow knight running 2 to 3 times bard speed and levitating and insisting it was just his jboots. Source I was on my bard who was close to max runs peed in game and this dude flew by me like I was standing still. I also remember trying out that discord server. Did not like it. I preferred Tallon zek I think it was with the faction based pvp. Ffa pvp was just too chaotic for my tastes.
Now you guys know how I feel when I lose my glasses. Console render distance
"You can also tap right click to rotate 45 degrees I think IIRC when this asset is sleected, right click and drag to rotate"
This is why platform exclusives are a poison to the entire community. Won't happen since playstation has exclusivity rights to certain things. For example exotic weapons that only appear in playstation games. By allowing accounts to be accessed across all three platforms would allow for someone to get a gun exclusive to ps and use it on xbox/pc where it isn't available and potentially gain an unfair advantage since that weapon isn't available to players who just play on that console. It won't happen.
"hell yeah bro get some When in doubt, throttle out!"
"except kanye, 2016 can get him, there's still time. To all celebrities and musicians for the rest of 2016"
"In XJ9's playbook, yes it is. Is watching the other players stream a strat?"
"True, it does not mention Sanders... but Trump supporters don't have time to vandalize bathroom stalls lolol &lt;--- that's starting shit :P No where does it mention Bernie. Stop trying to start shit."
ZING So would I.
"That's massively slow. level 5 in 15 minutes doesn't count as catching up very fast, I don't know what game you were watching"
You can get it at PH Where do you get the pass?
"The words you are looking for are: idiot savant. Ben Carson: Gifted Hands, Active Imagination"
No On purpose?
Boggles the mind that the F1 is nearly a quarter of a century old and can still hold its own. Car porn: State of the art McLaren P1 vs raw classic McLaren F1
"although i make much less, i do the same thing Every pay day"
"Pretty much what I have been saying here in reddit and what CIG has said in the past, but I guess it needed to be said again. Track IR Support update"
"ANJUNAFAM ASSEMBLE Anjunadeep anyone!?!?!?! I cannot be the only one that's giddy with joy for Anjunadeep, am I?!?!?! We are gonna be groooooovin at Tripolee that day. I'm so excited."
Colonel Sanders is to chickens what Hitler was to Jews really... Don't forget his brutal ally Colonel Sanders
Cum of the earth Cumbox*
"Really good, she smells nice and is a good hugger :) I should have gone for the kiss, however How was the hug?"
Matt Szczur Is it that Cubs player with the weird name?
What is it with old people and their mud fetish? Chasing a thing called Mario
"If you have played no more than one copy of a card this game, add a copy of each to your deck. What effect would you like to see in the next ""Reno Jackson""? As in a legendary that requires you to have only one copy of each card in your deck. Would you like a defensive effect like current Reno, or a more offensive ability that puts your opponent on a clock?"
da souf shall rise OMG YESS MEWTWO blu2 approves this message
MFW I main deck mind crush on a whim at a tcg player tournament; end up beating 2 exodia players with that card alone. It does feel good beating exodia.
"""Tonight, a story about a group of Americans you've likely never heard of..."" I feel kind of silly right now. Sovereign Citizen Movement - 60 Minutes special"
When your split personality falls in love with you. What Is This Cancer
"Why in the blue hell is that a thing? People run around holding a broomstick between their legs, trying to throw a volleyball through the opposition's hoops while avoiding two dodgeballs. After a certain time, a person dressed in yellow with a flag football belt enters the pitch and one designated player from each team tries to catch them."
You have till Thursday morning to apply. A question about the Guides of the Lotus. So I was just wondering about a few things regarding the Guides of the Lotus. Is there any way for me to send in a resume or something along those lines? I could not find anything online regarding this and I am wishing to join. I have over 1000 hours and would love to help newer players (I've helped quite a few.).
"That really should be the passive for all the elemental frames, including Chroma, Frost already has it Why can't her passive just be a magnetic proc on hit? Item vacuum on bullet jump is pretty useless."
"McConnell has perfectly good explanation saying that Reagan wasn't black. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Says Obama Shouldn't Name Replacement, Yet He Voted To Confirm A Justice In Reagan's Final Year"
"Ruckus on 15th and Republican on Capitol Hill has been consistently awesome. Finally got my state ID, now tell me all about weed"
"with that flair, I'm not surprised to see that statement Some of us dont pve to pvp."
"The gym is just one way to be fit, i think those people have trouble getting any exercise because gym is one of the easiest! going to the gym won't necessarily reduce your weight and some people don't like working out in a gym (I'm fit and I've never been to one)"
"I hated 2001, but loved Moon. I'll be at -5 shortly for disagreeing with the hivemind on this one, but I hated Moon. The critical plot element in the movie (some call it a ""twist"", some just call it the basis for the film) isn't introduced until about 45 minutes go by. If it's the central theme of the movie, then it takes way too long to get there, and if it's the twist, then it shows up too early and there's very little tension. Also, I have a theory that if you hated 2001 (and I really did), then you'll also hate moon."
So why has my network blocked your dodgy url as a virus/dangerous site I want to get off mr shamans wild ride
Photographers: Luigi Murenu &amp; Iango Henzi Stylist: Deborah Afshani Hair: Luigi Murenu Make-up: Virginia Young Anyone know whos the photographer?
"They tried, though - remember ""Senor Sack""? Interesting fact: the Steelers never replaced Greene or Ernie Holmes. The team transitioned to a 3-4 defense the season after they retired."
"Lol It is only going down for a specific cherry picked date range. On average it has done nothing but *go up* since it's creation. The fundamentals are still the same so it is just a matter of time until mainstream adoption. So fuck off, shill."
"Hey Germany, when you fix the rape problem you have and the police constantly covering it up, maybe I'll take you more seriously on who is not the 'moral' choice to vote for. ""Dear America"": From some Germans making false equivalencies."
"Washington just didn't get as high as Jerome Simpson did. Same as Daryl Washington, the guy he flipped over in that gif. There's a weed joke in there somewhere.."
"I seem to get killed by the Sparrow at least once a game I used to complain about the specialists, however I realized most games I don't even die to them. I will agree that the hit box with the sparrow is too large."
"Stop playing ball so much. A couple questions from a complete newbie: If I'm mainly looking to improve recovery time (I ball 5 days a week and lift 3, feel like I'm not making any gains because of this), what cycle should I run? If I'm pretty far from my natty potential size still at 6'5, 198, and use a cycle or two to get up to ~210, will I be able to keep my gains naturally? Not looking to be using steroids for the rest of my life."
This wouldn't have happened if he had Homer's everything's okay alarm. Not carbon monoxide poisoning then
Cod4 old school mode... I still want a game where you spawn with a pistol and guns are on the ground around the map :/
Illuminati confirmed Lies
"When I see a ""Calvin peeing on a school logo"" sticker, I immediately think ""I hope a tiger mauls that person."" When I see a _____ sticker/tag on a car, I immediately think _____. On my commute in Atlanta, I see at least a dozen different schools represented on stickers, license plates, magnets, etc &amp; in my head I immediately make some kind of judgement about them (some good and some bad). What are some of yours?"
"Well, there are a few reasons why I personally believe that this cannot be the case (the universe appears to be contingent being the major one), there is no logical reason per se which implies this could not be the case. Why couldn't the universe be the starting point?"
"How did you drink fertilizer water for a month without noticing? Kinda, i really had been drinking fertilizer water, but it wasnt cancer causing nor was it harmful luckily"
I just saw one of those in JFK Sunday. Pet pooping station at the airport
"I really enjoyed Rollins vs Reigns at MITB 2016 mainly just because of the outcome. What is your favorite match involving at least two former members of The Shield since they split? The triple threat at Battleground has seemingly exhausted almost all Shield storylines (other than the inevitable reunion) so I was just wondering what is everyone's favorite match involving at least two of the former stablemates. Brock v. Roman v. Dean at Fastlane and Roman v. Rollins at MiTB immediately come to mind for me. I'm not sure if it should count or not, but Seth cashing in at Mania to make that a triple threat would be up there too simply because of the moment. Curious to hear people's thoughts on this."
Being a Jaguars fan is a lot better than staying a Browns fan when they were recreated. Some of us were born to suffer
Love this guy. Kirby: All the details of my LDS faith crises
I thought GTRs were 4 wheel drive? GTR does a 90 degrees drift.
"Well, abortions are free, so. How easy to get and how affordable are condoms in Serbia?"
"I have a feeling it will be a lot of foil packets and small ampules, and leftovers from 500 point perks. Are you joking?? Even if they're sample sized, that's such a great deal! omg!"
"Miner! Miner or Princess to lvl2? Which is the better legendary to upgrade to lvl2, miner or princess? I use both of them in my ladder deck."
Dayummm casinos and strip clubs too please Kapil Dev inaugurates India's first online betting centre in Sikkim
"Interestingly, these guys have realized that they need 3 people to lift it over a railing, and yet believe that they only need two less athletic people to catch it. The problem here is simple mathematics. They have got the ratio all wrong! Above are 3 people and bellow are 2, making a 3:2 ratio when clearly a 2:3 ratio is needed"
That's not how the internet works grandpa. Or stop going on to porn sites getting viruses
? ?
I Agree This Sounds Exact They still have to worry about time considerations with how long they have the building rented for. Union overtime can cost them tens of thousands of dollars.
Rosie O'Donnell's neighbors should think about moving. What Will Happen When Donald Trump Takes Over U.S. Drone &amp; Targeted Assassination Program?
"On it, boss. We need an iOS version ASAP."
Funny how everyone thinks it's terrible when these idiots disrupt a Democrat. The racist protester that shut down the Bernie Sanders rally
"Delete them within 24 hours if you don't own the original game. They're just backups, just in case!"
"Be sure you update us when you see yourself as a kid run back into his home after he gives you an uneasy look. Meeting My Future Self When I was about six years old, I wanted to go to my friend's house. My mom didn't want to let me, so I claimed I was running away to his house. He only lives two houses down, so it's no big deal. I storm outside and it's kind of warm since it was summer. I was just in a t shirt, shorts, and socks. Realizing I had no shoes, I decide to go back. I had been walking on the sidewalk this whole time and was the only person around. Once I get to my house, I realize the door is locked. I knock on the doorbell to no avail. I turn around and see a man staring at me. The man is wearing a black long coat and red converse shoes. The first thing that crossed my mind was that it was my dad since I had a feeling he was and my dad had the exact same red converse. Thinking it was him, I start walking towards him. But when I was about two or three feet away, I got this really uneasy feeling and immediately ran to the door. He never once moved. My mom and older brother open the door and I told them about the man I saw and how he looked like my dad. My mom tells me that my dad is outside in the backyard. They then go outside to look for him, but there was no trace of him. I was scared. Fast forward ten years to when I turned 16. I wanted my parents to buy me a coat for my birthday. I just told them I wanted a long coat since I had been playing watch dogs and liked how the main character had one. When my parents gave me my present, I immediately recognized the coat for the one the man had been wearing that one day."
I really enjoyed Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter I really enjoyed Abraham Lincoln vs. Zombies.
"Obviously he did the most reasonable and compassionate thing possible, he let her kill herself. But how *did* he get out of the situation?"
"BUT THEN PEOPLE WILL COMPLAIN THAT THEY WANT PACKS AND NOT CARDBACKS :( THERE'S NO WINTER VEIL TAVERN BRAWL. THIS FUCKING SUCKS. I LOVED LAST YEAR'S WINTER VEIL TAVERN BRAWL AND IT DIDN'T EVEN FUCKING RETURN. THEY'LL SHELL OUT RANDONOMIUM 50 FUCKING TIMES BUT NOT THE BEST TAVERN BRAWL? HORSE FUCKIN' SHIT! --- I UNPACKED A GOLDEN FINJA AND AFTER DECIDING THAT KAZAKUS WOULD BE BETTER, DE'D IT AND CRAFTED KAZAKUS. LITERALLY **TWO DAYS** LATER I UNPACK KAZAKUS. RIP FIRST GOLDEN LEGENDARY. I'VE BEEN PLAYING SINCE OCTOBER LAST YEAR AD OUT OF 100s OF PACKS, I WASTED MY ONE GOLDEN FUCKING LEGENDARY. I ALSO RECENTLY GOT MY **THIRD** BLOODMAGE THALNOS. I STILL DON'T HAVE ARCHMAGE ANTONIDAS OR EDWIN, BLIZZ. THOSE WOULD BE NICE TOO. **HINT HINT.**"
I should watch more PTL Not so Primetime League moments
"OG Attack Heli right here! Rotors. Not propellers, rotors. Poser."
"Yeah man, it's a beautiful place to live Stadium High / PLU grad...Been a while since I've been back. Grew up on the top of McCarver st. Those views!"
"No because if you are a good player you choose your skill depending on certain things on happening in your game. Since this game has became so user friendly this season, ""Buff timers"" ""global objective timers"" can we have a guide for most chosen skill when we level up if we wish to enable it."
"Scarcity. You can drive out into the desert and bury one problem in the sand, and it will never bother you again. Which of your problems do you pick and why?"
Yeah... About that... Well I guess I showed them!
In which case he shouldn't have continued dating her and married her given that she had this dog the entire time. Unless he just really hates dogs.
"Can't these people fucking enjoy anything? ""Pokemon Go is not a chat-up invitation"""
"This.. Depends. I constantly felt sick. I tended to shit/vomit. There would be an interlude long neough for me to go ""maybe I'm getting beBLAAAAARGHLARGHBLARGHOUGH....AOUGH!....AOUGGGGGGH!"" You don't just throw up. You throw up in a painful manner - like you're body is trying to completely reject your internal organs. You body convulses. You just tighten up and things happen. Horrible, eldritch things that man was not meant to know. After the end you are drained. It's like a little bit of your soul has died."
"Ganon already is best! Due to favoritism Ganon, but I'd be happy with any heavy character, I want to see one be #1"
May I ask where you go for your permanent mix cookies? I have a business literally 3 doors down from him. I love that place. Mike is a super nice/hilarious dude. After living in the states for just over a year I got hooked on TJ's stuff. Sure nice to be able to buy the occasional bag of trial mix cookies every now and then.
I think I feel more acrophobia looking at that picture than that kitten feels sitting there. Persian kitty
"Use the correct markings so people don't have to see skin spam please. Dracula Loki Skin (was suggested some time ago, want to bring it up again; halloween isn't that far away ;))"
"The fact that he's not wearing pants or underwear kind of rules that out (but yes, I was waiting for this to be somehow not actually what it looks like too) I kept watching, waiting for him to pull the orange away and reveal some kind of plastic juicer that I've never seen before."
Thank you Nice
It happened long before that on ships over $85 with the Herald's concept sale. They did it on purpose. They noticed that everyone did that when the Merlin concept released. I think I had 7 merlins stocked up waiting for the anniversary sale last year.
That was one hell of a hand job you gave him. I may or may not have killed a clown.
Always more upvotes for Cake I quite like Cake but I have a soft spot for Everlast.
"just moved here, can't wait to check the place out on gamedays Chicago - Mad River"
"Semphis mastermind LUL Since SK signed Fallen&amp;Co, they've only lost on de_train once, against TSM."
"Don't be scared, homie. Ariel Helwani says on Twitter that GSP doesn't want Anderson Silva fight"
sadfrog.jpg Sad Keanu.
And here you are with blatant racism. Sometimes. Though in this case I'm just a black guy from Iowa. One who's seen blatant racism from police and blatant race baiting from black people.
"I wonder what new insane thing he will say today. LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Des Moines, IA 9/13/16"
Just listened through &amp; it made me feel happy. Chance the Rapper - Coloring Book: Initial Reactions Waddaya think?
Gods speed That's actually the only reason I got it.
You could always make a cup of each and then mix them together. I always wait until my coffee reaches room temperature because then it's like I'm drinking both hot and iced coffee at the same time.
"I can't wait to play Campbell Even though the Bears have one of the harder schedules upcoming, I feel alright about it. I think the Texans game calmed me a lot. Even though we didn't win, we held our own, especially considering we were going against one of the toughest Ds out there with a backup for half the game. I think we proved that we're for real. And going forward, even though it's a damn tough schedule, I think we have the edge on most, if not all, of the teams we'll face going forward."
Angus Mckenzie and the legion of superfriends is loving this set! Deepglow Skate
she I think it's hilarious that he has 1 1/2 MILLION comment Karma and 1 link karma.
Shrooms Screw that. If not wearing glasses meant seeing everything as a Van Gogh painting I would never wear glasses.
"You haven't even met ""thorough"" or ""throughout"" yet. As a foreign speaker: Choir. Seriously. Why? Also through."
"I hope all the bad things in life happen to you, and nobody but you. MRW I wake up to find my GIF comment reposted for 5x the upvotes"
U wot m8 dont call me a coon ill smash ur fukin hed in sware on me mum Wow. Panties riding up there? If you don't like a simple cooncersation go back to choking in a dick
It clearly failed in India Wasn't that the reason for the British Empire? To enforce proper queuing.
"You might even say the high likelihood of punishment is prevention. I've got a pretty sharp knife with me for utility and self defence. There's absolutely nothing stopping me from flipping it out and driving it into that guy's neck. Sure, I'd be caught afterwards, but the action itself cannot be prevented, just punished."
Yeah they're supporting pushers pushing it to more people though which strengthens every other aspect of their organization sooo you're a godless immoral being. I have no problem with drug users or pushers being killed.
"It sounds like he doesn't have any female friends at all besides on Facebook probably Wow, just reading through that made me angry. Just look at how many times he mentions *his* feelings and expects you to find them *sooooo* important, yet he completely steamrolls over your own feelings (of wanting him to leave you alone) without a second thought. Also, it might be good to mention to him that emphasizing someone's gender as a basis for friendship is a bit unsettling. The way he goes on about how many female friends he has sounds like how racists emphasize that they have ""tons of black friends."" If it's truly that normal for him, he wouldn't be so defensive as to repeat it again and again in order to appease you."
"No one's perfect....the ultimate Mormon excuse to explain away all the bullshit stories told by a con man to gullible people. The concept of childhood was relatively nonexistent in Western culture until the mid 19th century, at such time the age of consent was generally around 12. No one's perfect."
"If we only have rockets, it'll be a lot longer than 4 years. We send back -- ""Can you wait 4 years we only have rockets"""
"""consider it taken care of!"" If she tries it again, just say ""sure,"" take her number, toss it in the trash, and proceed with your day."
"Karazhan aotc, get at me bruh :^) holy shit ur aotc?"
Wouldn't it be possible to contact Blizzard and ask them to switch from US to EU once you've activated the game? US to EU Anybody know of a trusted place where you can trade a US copy of WoD for an EU one?
I'm pretty sure we love HxH but people are gonna get salty about the not liking good anime part. Does this sub not like HxH?
"Okay, I'm on a US server but I have a 70 dwarf shaman I could play sometime. OH i should mention that! thats my bad! Im an ally hunter"
"Boggs for prez? How does this keep happening? ""The bizarre history of rumored relationships between Red Sox and media members"""
"Every other poll has Trump go down during this period, this poll has Clinton go down and Trump go up one point. CNN/ORC national poll: Clinton 47, Trump 42"
"He didn't need to destroy it though, only release the filters from their chambers and that was it. On the other hand, it's not like the energy was going to keep working once demons overran Mars."
"Love the pre-diabetes idea. Best to lay it out up front that you are on a diet and can't eat whatever they shove in your face. Especially in the beginning like you said. I have told people that I have pre-diabetes in my family and can't eat any carbs...that does the trick. Not really a lie, but also totally meaningless..."
I hope they win the Little Miss Sunshine Contest. I don't understand it but can't stop watching
"I mean, both Bush's did the same. Thanks Obama, for being the ideal President"
ONE SIMPLE TRICK! You wont believe what happened next
go on SD Ever find a channel? It says msg+2 but that's a lie
"couldn't see red signs before, could you drop a white sign instead No problem, I'll be at the high wall of lothric, password is jackSC02 my red sign will be down. I be there in a few mins."
"Does Doctors without Borders ask for weapons in exchange, as Hamas is? **Doctors without Borders ALSO treat injured terrorists**, they treat talibans etc. as to get access to any place at any time. If they only treat ""the good guys"" what's stoping the ""bad guys"" from murdering them? If they treat everyone, they can treat the good ones everywhere, instead of just the good ones in our own secure borders Fucking idiot people who see the world in black and white..."
Mediocre is being generous. I've got a feeling most investors have a limited understanding of Eth let alone crypto in general and the only real app ethereum can really show atm is a mediocre gambling platform.
"Yeah, Moroz should have been a mid 3rd round pick instead of being taken 32nd overall. Gotcha. I think like haterbatin said I may have been thinking of Moroz being drafted much higher than where he was predicted to go"
Hypnotizing... Teasing stroke to his length (NSFW FJ gif)
The trick is to perform enough mental gymnastics to win a gold medal in bullshitting yourself. What kind of a piece of Human shit must you be to be able to go home at night and look at yourself in the mirror after committing armed robbery against an apparently law abiding citizen (I say this because there was no arrest/often are no arrests.) for no reason other than to enrich the machine. Fucking disgusting. This is terrorism. The DEA are terrorists and fucking common thug thieves.
People have no shame anymore and feel free to act like young children. Causing a huge scene over a minor transgression. Example: yelling at a waiter for bringing you a sandwich with mayo on it when you asked for no mayo. What happened to common decency and recognizing that everyone makes mistakes?
"Yeah, if you see my other comments I become aware of it too. Look again. These are test numbers. (Sorry for spamming I just want everyone to know)"
"I just hope this relationships moves beyond Smash and into Nintendo's home consoles. Anybody else feel good about the Nintendo/ SquareEnix relationship? Hey, so now that the November Direct news has settled some, I've found myself getting pretty happy over the Cloud announcement. I supported Isaac, and although I don't see it happening, would still like him to be included... I digress, Cloud being in Smash reminds me so much of the split the two companies had over the 64 and CD usage. Now I know that this isn't the first time Square and Nintendo have been partners in some form since then, but I mean, Square was such a major part of this direct!! I'm a hug fan of Mario RPG (and its successors) but I like a lot of people really want to see more direct call backs. I mean, Geno, Mallow, and the Smithy Gang, the mini games, all of it. Even if it isn't directly related to Seven Stars, the retorted relationship seems to be strong again, and it has me excited! Thanks!"
New holos sells any amount just charges a lot when you order small quantities. well the only people i know about is idg0d and lemon. lemon has 200 min (i think) and idg0d has 150 min. :/
"Would you say he's better than Chipper or Prime Longoria? This. However I've started platooning him with Donaldson since his Contact vs Left took a hit. Still highly recommend him, great power bat."
"Joe Lauzon I know we are all jaded at this point, but I would like to think there are some guys completely clean. Who would surprise you the most if they tested positive? I'm clearly naive, but Gil was definitely on my list for guys I would never have thought would fail a PED test. I think of all the guys left, Frankie would surprise me the most."
"Not so much a slut, more of a flirt (some would argue the opposite though). drunken slut appreciation thread. i've even googled the spelling for you idiots. who here has been a drunken slut? male or female or both or none? i know i have. i ve woken up in situations i did not expect to be. covered in bodily fluids and doing things and...just...not lady like situations. so are we drunks or are we gentlefolk? this place has been.weird."
"Good for you, sounds like you're making good decisions now. I don't have too many friends. I'm not sure if I can even consider them my friends anymore. When I got re-admitted I took school WAY more seriously. They on the other hand continued to fuck around. I found myself saying no to a lot of weekend parties so I could study instead. They would get upset because I couldn't hang out as much as before. So now they hardly talk to me. Oh well, at least I, doing pretty well in school now."
"I do, I just don't condone it ;) Live up to your username, smoke and drive!"
"Breaking News : Isis to recruit Liverpool fans, as they are practically immortal at this point. I watched three years of Moyes and LvG, does ISIS really think they can still cause me pain?"
Your point being? No because you literally linked them to a men's right sub lmfao
that third one is adorable. He likes hats.
"Their reasoning for removing ""back"" as an option was to reinforce Android design guidelines by forcing you to use the back button. Right? Why would they ever remove that?"
Wasn't he a vegetarian? Hitler didn't eat steak.
Fuck KD. He is the prototypical Warrior!
"My cc does it Except community colleges! But the professors typically know you by name very well, just like high school!"
"He's gotta clear some of these players out to bring in Reus, right? Jurgen Klopp tells Liverpool players they have till the end of the season to prove they should feature in his long-term plans"
DnBiC! Actions Taken Against In-Game RMT &amp; Other Illicit Activities (Feb. 12)
Bingo The American taxpayers have given these companies billions in subsidies yet continually get screwed by them. Minimally the price of this agreement should be ending all future subsidies and a ban on any future lobbying by oil companies against climate change legislation.
"I typically defend the laughing scene, its every other scene of his that bugs me, but he's still not as annoying as wakka Tidus was fine. it seems to me a lot of people misinterpret the laughing scene. it was *supposed* to be forced and ridiculous sounding. that was the point."
"*Stares like a Kangaroo caught in headlights* What? She's also the only Queen of any importance (sorry Denmark), even if it is mostly symbolic these days, she still has an important role in governance (looking at you Australia)."
"Wow, refreshing to see the human side of the migration outside of news articles and headlines. Europe's Border Crisis: The Long Road (2015) - John Sweeney joins thousands of migrants travelling through Europe to sanctuary"
"Kids are just so hateable, though. I find it funny that you were down voted for answering this guys question. People are judging you solely on your age. That's pretty sad."
"Why not leave autosave up, but make daily backups? It's a shame that some asshole is gonna join and destroy all that work eventually. It's why I've turned off auto-save on my public servers."
"Two guys hang out in a city. Reddit, what's the most boring description of your favorite movie?"
LOLONGO BEE-ESS-KA EUROPEANS Don Cherry: ALRIGHT HERE WE GOTTA GOOD CANADIAN KID COMIN OUTTA MOOSE JAW SASKATCHEWAN. HE DOESN'T SCORE THAT MANY GOALS BUT WHEN HE DOES Y'KNOW HE'S MAKING EM COUNT. WHATTA BEAUTY TEAM PLAYER HE GETS HIS NAME ON THE SCORESHEET ERRYGAME BECAUSE HE STILL PLAYS PHYSICAL HOCKEY AND THE DUMB REFS CALL EVERYTHING THEY'RE RUININ' THE GAME. LET'S GO
"Jumper, always Jumper for me. Suggestions for ""Good Book/Bad Movie"" Themed Book Club We read the books then meet once a month to drink a lot and watch/troll the film adaptations together. Thus far we've read/watched Fahrenheit 451, Breakfast and Tiffany's and Rules of Attraction. Any ideas about future books would be greatly appreciated! Thanks"
I'm not sure why she was there at all - it sounded like the interviewer knew both languages Not sure she's fluent in English
They extend this show with absolute turd filler 2016 Home Depot College Football Awards Discussion Thread Didn't see a thread for it. On ESPN right now. Deshaun Watson just won the Davey O'Brien Award.
"Rise up, Pupper. YOU HAVE BEEN VISITED BY PROTEST PUPPER"
That's beautiful. I disagree. This is a bad comment and isn't contributing to this conversation. I like to see the different ways people can accomplish this task.
"Ahaha, I got an m4a1s knight factory new! I have completed 25 missions (5 of those were to win a competitive match on cs_insertion and I am still mentally scarred by that) and I have 5x MAC-10 | Indigo, 10x Dual Berettas | Briar, and 10x CZ75-Auto | Green Plaid. Personally, I will not miss them if they go away after the operation."
ITT: USE CONDOMS... ITT DONT USE CRAIGSLIST FOR HOOKUPS
"Had fun re-tabulating the same numbers, didn't you ? Jesus. Then what is the point. If you can't verify if there is fraud or not, we might as well just fucking pack up shop. Just hand over the reigns of the government to anyone because, fuck who know who is voting and when."
"Judging by how he's simply sleeping in moria, and aside from gothmog there is no real evidence that balrogs had any tactical value aside from weapons I think if the balrog hadn't pulled gandalf down it simply would have slunk off to be dealt with in whatever time the elves saw fit. This is true. The Balrog &amp; their kin were created before the ring and have never been dependent on Sauron. If it had not died could the Balrog have amassed an army and been the next big bad...?"
"We just made an offer for a house up here, it was a hell of a lot less than $600,000.00 though. The real question the Senate inquiry must ask: Will the government allow land"
"What specific things did Clinton do to inspire the nation to greatness? No, the best thing a President can do is inspire the nation to greatness."
Reddit. What do you enjoy that Reddit absolutely shits on?
Can MTO come out to Alberta and teach companies out here how to clear the roads in good time? MTO fines road maintenance contractors in northeastern Ont. - Sudbury
"If that were true, it must feel deflating. I feel bad for the Panthers. The game has definitely been fudged in a certain team's direction."
"""provide a living wage for female refugee artisans"" I though I was already doing that when I buy pinatas and tamales from the illegal alien who cleans our offices? Austin artist is helping local refugees using quilts"
"Balen... Welke opleiding? Gisteren m'n afstuderen gevierd, nu met 'n kater het aanvraagformulier voor de bijstand invullen. Vooral jammer dat er zo weinig ruimte voor toelichting is..."
"The signs say you may not go into thwe other direction, but look at that car on the right in the background. Le Mans, Sarthe, France"
"You usher one into Leinster House and barricade the doors. Zombie outbreak in Ireland. How does it unfold, and what's your strategy?"
Am I alone in this? DAE feel the same?
"Me too, i'm just glad that my home computer isnt experiencing the same problem. No solution :( I am using Firefox..."
"I'm going to assume either a vpn with vdragonmpc entered in the username or a remote support program that says ""You are now working with vdragonmpc"" Remote credentials in the bottom corner?"
"You can feel the keys, it's got haptic feedback. it's a visual cue, since you can't feel the keys you need something to quickly orient yourself to where to put your fingers when you glance down at the surface"
"Literally adding that to my shopping list right now. As someone who's probably spent $20,000 on dental work in the last 10 years (thanks, genetics)... I'd like to add: use an electric toothbrush! Seriously makes a difference."
Excellent article that summarizes things well An ex-fundamentalist lawyer explains why fundamentalist beliefs on sex and modesty contribute to turning young men like Josh Duggar into sexual predators
"*Kid school FTFY, because girls and boys can both enjoy being rough and tumble, playing in the mud, running, etc. There needs to be a man school."
They are saying the police officer is holding the camera. Can't do that anymore. An officer has to actually be present to issue a ticket now.
Hows the weather in Moscow? Why not? Why shouldn't Russia expose Americas corrupt voting system? Americans should be thankful. America literally overthrows governments and replaces them with truer democracy's. Why can't a broken American system be pointed out by a fellow superpower?
"Yes, you're right. You mean internal debt?"
"None of the options worked, so I installed MultiWall which was fairly straightforward Set it to Span."
He's a consistent liar but this one is so obviously a lie. Trump's Pants on Fire claim on debate date conspiracy
"I know people like to shit on the Call of Duty stories, but WaW and Black Ops 1 were pretty good IMO Not just in his movies, in anything he's in. I found out yesterday that he was Reznov in Call of Duty: World at War."
Wet Sand What was the 6th song they played called? (NOT THEME)
i don't think destroyer is a newcomer is he? 2016 MKXL Awards Thought this would be a fun idea and wanted to see what your responses were. * **Best player:** Sonicfox * **Best newcomer:** Circa Destroyer * **Best match:** A F0xy Grampa vs Hey George. ESL Season 3 finals. * **Most hype moment:** Tekken Master resetting the bracket at Evo Grand Final. * **Best streamer/youtuber:** Shujinkydink.
"Coming over here, shagging our sheep Close the borders, England can't deal with any more Welsh immigrants"
Love the username. Because niggers can't commit hate crimes.
Internal trade routes. Trade routes give you production?
"Probably assumed the Jags made that last field goal I could maybe see the 16-12 because (IIRC) that was the ""final"" score of the third quarter, but where in the fuck did they get 25-19???"
"""2x war veteran"" sounds like something a war veteran would say. Noble soldier delivers epic ""Braveheart"" style speech at Standing Rock"
Why not? Whyyyy
PTSD Thanks! Any suggestions for next steps from here?
I really need this because I hate drones. Anti-drone gun
"Parking Enforcement Drones No one will shed a tear when meter maids are gone. In developed nations, which jobs do you think will be fully automated in the next 20 years?"
Necrophiliacs Olphins
Mah god... SHE'S ALIVE I feel...strange.
You need to update your script. DAE haet Tone Abet?
But it could be possible crystal-on? You can't do it in this gen
"it is fan made i'm pretty sure, I have it too and that's what I always thought Is What The Fuck Is A Jay Electronica a real release by him? I always thought that was fan-made."
"Braehead clan: sounds like a gang, looks like an extravaganza. Scottish team 'Braehead Clan' wear kilt themed jerseys for St Andrews Day"
"In other news, truck driver has a wicked beard. Boop. Who's at fault?"
"Cornette would be fantastic on commentary. Authority storylines are overdone. It's to the point where I can barely remember what wrestling was like before them. I'd definitely take some Cornette, but put him on commentary and let him run creative. Unless this means the return of Jarrett's buddy, Russo."
1gggggg can we get some 1g's up in the chat bros ty bros
:D For gear you are literally going to replace in a few hours? *shrug*
Legion...? I'm excited for Legion.
"God damned height privilege. Taller men and FT's: My (most likely incorrect) hypothesis. Sorry, I probably massacred that title. I'll try and explain myself. I've heard various arguments to explain why taller men suck at freethrows (at least, more than their guard peers). Big hands; awkward angles; strength; coaching towards being a rebounder etc... But, I haven't heard anybody simply suggest that taller men suck because, well, really and truly they have less competition, therefore it's easier to make it into the NBA as a taller man. Take the population 6'10'' or larger for example. We're talking less than 3200 people in the US being that tall. Who knows how many of those are even 20-40 in age. And in shape and not injury prone? Less than 2000 most certainly. Comparatively, Chris Paul at 6'0'' has had to hone his skills because there are millions of people that height working their asses off to compete with him. So, for a guard, you're really talking the cream of the crop in skill. There isn't going to be (other than the rare occasion) a guard in the NBA who can't shoot free throws at at least an acceptable rate. Capela (first one to come to mind as a Rockets fan) on the other hand only has about 2000 people to compete against. He can, due to his height being so critically important, suck at FT's because at least he's better than those other 2000. So maybe some big NBA players just innately suck at basketball. We all know people who can just straight shoot, and those who no matter how much training and coaching they get can't. If you're short, you can't make the NBA if you are the second type. But if you're tall, maybe you can, simply because there's not much competition anyway. Height is basically normally distributed, but only close to the mean. More than 4 standard deviations away, and the dropoff becomes rapid. As you go further out, the relative error becomes even larger. There really *aren't* many people 6'10'' or above. Each inch above 6'0'' shaves off many possible competitors. Kobe at 6'7'' for example, has 130,000 to compete against (again, who knows how many are 20-40, and even in good shape). Add 3 inches and you can divide that by 43! Thoughts?"
"Ya and it is for helping the poor and saving the subsidies and making india great again. it will be problmatic only for people with bad intentions, \s"
3 that i know of. I'm really curious how much titanate slab are obtainable in the dlc. And if we get a 'titanite slab vendor'
Same. I'd also be interested!
Fuck I read it as 3 hours each song there is no one that thinks you could record and mix 12 songs in 3 hours. it's a joke i'm afraid.
"and if you have implants then those aswell... Just your pride. Unless you're in a Strategic Cruiser or your clone is not upgraded, then it's your pride and some of your skillpoints."
I'm willing to sell my kidneys to get Elliott and Bosa. Get Ready!
"Oh no, it's for uh, other purposes Can people not go 5 minutes without a phone?"
"Maybe, but lots of countries have right side drive could of been in many places Cars are in the right side of the road.. Was this somewhere in North America by any chance?"
"Jokes on you, I have a timing chain! Check your timing belts boys this is sadly headed right to my garage"
"I don't like Troy Chaplin Which player from your club do you think is the closest to being universally liked or admired by opposition supporters. Supporters of other teams, do you like that player and why? Bonus question - your team's most universally disliked."
Get out I prefer Big 8 Cola.
"Do the stalls even have doors? Wifi in the MTC? Hey hey, I'm new to reddit, but I am one of those dastardly ""intellectual"" mormons going into the MTC in a bit. (This is as much an experiment in religious living for my art practice as it is any sort of ""selfless service"" to deity or human being). I'm wondering about wifi access on my own device in the MTC (bathroom stalls maybe?) My also active and jaded mormon parents have politeky asked me to take a phone citing that they do not want the church to be my only source of information."
"To be fair, the PSN went down for a few hours yesterday that's probably what kicked you. Yesterday I tried twice to summon Alfred to help with the bitch. Kicked me out to the menu with a message saying something along the line of ""Network not working"". Still consumed insight... Ended up beating it alone because I was pissed."
"Being the contrarian is fine, but what worked for me doesn't mean that I'm wrong. Sorry to be the contrarian, but based on extended experience of my own and others No it won't. and no it won't."
"You laugh, but it is also in their best interests as social instability tends to reduce profits across the board, not to mention the lack of buyers for mass-produced goods because of a lack of distributed income could be a death knell for capitalism itself. And who's going to get a law like that passed? The rich corporations who are raking in all that cash and is paying the politicians to suck their corporate dick? HAHAHAHA"
"I have only installed StageRecovery myself today along with some other mods (always played vanilla up until now) but I can't find any indication in my game that it's working; stages still disappear all the time and I don't get the option to recover them in any mode; the other mods work fine :/ Stage recovery is great. Remember to check the value of recovered stages, I've found that it isn't worth recovering some stages (like the smallest solid rocket booster) because you don't recover enough to make the loss of recovery value of the parachute worthwhile."
"inb4 jun notices something frivolous and not the obvious thing, namely that ITS TOMO! Tomo-chan wa Onnanoko! Ch 356"
The Stug-e feels like the Stuh from coh1 now. Relic Winter Balance Preview v1.1 Update
Only because they can't buy bleach. Animals don't do this
"What does he falsify, exactly? He is great for getting people into history but as I said he sacrifices facts for a better story. There is research and research. Its great that he gets people into history, and I mean that it really is, but it is a stepping stone nothing more. That actually historical merit of his work is questionable at best."
I'M GONNA GET YOU KIRBY King Dedede Returns!
Fuck Milbury Did anyone else hear Mike Milbury say he's happy Malkin is hurt? What an asshole
"While it is intentional he can still be surprised they did it! It looked intentional at first, but I think the groom is as surprised as the bride."
"Barely producing any food to survive was more of a European thing than say Mesoamerican. Sorta, but I don't want to live in 15th century conditions where societies barely produced enough food to survive."
"This didn't work for Blue Baby when I tried it. How'd you do it? Also, would it theoretically work for blue baby? I can't manage to get the D6. I just can't not ever get hit like needed."
But brushes weren't made to kill people. Philosoraptor on Guns
8/10 haircut in the last pic looks the bast 29 Be gentle.
"Didn't think about it, but just started with Foals Is anybody going to rip the webstream videos? I'm going to be away for most of the weekend and really want to experience ACL though. Is there anybody out there who is going to convert the webstream into a torrent file?"
"Could be internet provider maybe? I'm glad I'm not the only one, Floridian man myself, I confirm, me too. BUT HOLY FUCK, this is annoying."
"To be fair, I see this happen with both liberals and conservatives. Trying the engineering field. These conservatives think they know everything and only make perfect rational decisions."
and u know what they say about big hands giant hands
He's in like 95% of the starter teams... When you make an alt to grind xmas sets and ypu get a konecny in the starter pack...
"its still on the front page.... Didn't know it was a repost, sorry."
yet we have him for 3 years... smh I cant wait for Mahimi to come back. Jason Smith does not belong in the NBA let alone in a regular rotation.
Source? He says Wall St is super mega awesome. My bad for being wrong about them. Sorry bro.
"""Of course lot's of people disagree with me"" Of course the bloody Trumpsters are all over this..."
Which batch though? Infected FB Morning Wood??
Mmkay let's just never try to pursue a reomantic relationship because it might slightly damage a person's feels. #yep pretty much
"well, Ghandi is usually pretty high up in these threads as well It's always her."
"They also die after copulation, usually not living more then a couple weeks at most. Laughing so hard at this idiocy. Male ants do not obey queens. Sexless female drones do. Male ants FLY with WINGS (equality or naw?) as they please. Male ants are the epitome of Alphas, they comprise less than 1% of the population yet ALL of the offspring is their product. All the while, they sit back and watch others provide for the colony's food needs."
I swear that this gets better every time I watch it. BRATTY KIDS
Nope Will Harden/Howard ever be able to be as good Shaq/Kobe?
More like doesn't KARE; more at 11. Starting to lose trust in the local news station.
We need a couple kit changes too those things are filthy. Timmy changing his boots for a more stylish look here
But that never happens without ID's... Fraud. People voting who shouldn't be allowed to vote.
With Verlander throwing a complete game shutout. Against the Tigers. In 5 games.
Enlighten me about why that is? your whole comment is irrelevant in too many ways.
"Well it wasn't Roxas's, since he didn't have one. Wait that was already ripped in half"
"Probably the PM in town for a Jets game. What the hell is wrong with drivers in Manitoba? I was driving east on Hwy 1 headed home for Christmas break. 5 or 6 black/dark blue SUVs with emergency lights flashing were approaching from behind me quickly so I pulled over. Which is what you're supposed to do. The people behind me on the road continued driving and passed me at the same time the emergency vehicles were passing me. Do people here not know that it is the law to pull over and STOP when emergency vehicles are passing you?! On a side note, does anyone know where the SUVs were going or what was going on?"
If only there was some way to find out! but can i stream it on netflix?
Good explanation. No
"can't really decide between Leakwell and Rush Our favourite player Who is your favourite player: Daps, Stanislaw, NAF, RUSH or M1xwell and explain why."
"If you're interested we can talk on the price, but I guess let me know. I have to pass, but I'll keep you in mind. :D"
"I'm going to have to steal that one. fool me once, fool me twice, fool me chicken soup with rice."
"Understandable, when I beat greed mode again I will keep my finger over the prntsrn button. Sorry, don't believe you without evidence."
"It's a lot easier to upgrade your ram, ssd or even gpu than your cpu as well so from a consumer point of view having those three things improve rapidly while your cpu holds the same value is pretty ideal. That's one way to look at. But most people I know have experienced a huge increase in computer performance over the past few years due to SSDs and increased amount of RAM. In fact, I would argue that the performance increase from those two things is even more dramatic than a more powerful CPU since a more powerful CPU really only shows its value during heavy CPU tasks, which the average user doesn't necessarily need consistently. But RAM and SSD show their value at pretty much all times. I mean, we have to remember that 4 years ago it was super common for people to buy a computer with 4 GB of RAM and a 5,400 RPM traditional HDD. Now, even the most average person generally gets an SSD with 8 GB of RAM unless they're buying a really cheap budget machine. That's a huge improvement."
"Well you see when a man and a woman love each other *very* much... What is this ""B&amp;B talk"" everyone gets?"
"That is beautiful, it definetly shows that you take care of it. Added an album :)"
"Sorry, I commented on the wrong track! Thanks, but there are no strings what so ever. Maybe that's why you think they sound synthetic."
"The +15 is an outlier, I think the actual average lead is less than 5 Well so far we've got +15, +5, and +5. At this point it's a pretty safe bet that she's back in the lead, though of course we'll know more tomorrow and the next day. A lot of polls come out tomorrow."
"I think I might know what the first word means. That's totally Google translate, I'm polish and I can't get what you mean."
Doug continuing to call the WAAAAmbulance. Tory won't help us with campaign debt. Doug Ford says
"Dude, is that lightscribed? That moment when you find an old disk..."
"I'm sure the rock just wanted to crush that Sportage, but the house just got in the way... If you live in a town called Rockville, expect rocks."
Post You had better do it
"Epic is the worst EMR, except for all the others. Seriously? All I hear from staff here is how much they hate Epic."
"What software did you use to edit and camera track what a lot of nerfs, a gopro, and 4 hours can do.."
Why is the squirrel wearing panties on his face? Kinder Surprise toy can be flipped between horse and squirrel
"It seems like everyone is getting one, glad it got one too :) I was initially going to get the Corsair Spec Alpha, but then I saw the build quality of this case (not to mention the looks) and I had to get it. So many Phanteks cases round here at the moment :)"
Only top to bottom though. there are achievements for both diagonal directions.
"As an aspiring film maker, how did you see it? TRAITORRRRRR"
Oh ok Another zinger from the frugal and pretentious low information peasant! Chortle chortle chortle .
Maybe redditors should all agree on a new youtube... Precisely. They were forced to create this system as a settlement between YouTube and Viacom. Viacom then immediately tried to claim copyright to almost every video on YouTube.
You've succeeded in confusing me. I hereby reject this.....I accept! Wait.. what? I don't even have Hexed! Stop your voodoo magic this instant!
Probably some time this week :) Thank you! Any idea on an ETA?
"Has anyone actually made comments about your body at work, or is he assuming? Be careful, he doesn't like that."
"Iron 2-1, possible 3-0 KOTD - BLACKOUT6IX - DAY ONE - LIVE PPV DISCUSSION"
Bears! Dick's is getting ready!!
"I've actually known ob/gyns that have slept with patients... I'm actually genuinely curious about this. If I was a gynecologist, I think the last thing I'd want to do with my wife when I get home is anything remotely sexual."
"I'll never forget having ""Slaver"" branded on my characters forehead, that was a bit of karmic retribution on my part. Finally, best way to make money in previous Fallouts"
"I watch Jericho's YouTube, so there's that. I like how people here seem to think that streamers are well known outside of their gaming community"
My thoughts exactly. What?
"That seems like a very simple explanation for separating validation and mining, perhaps you don't understand it? It's nothing more than an upgraded getblocktemplate/p2pool basically."
"My ex cheated on me, and when I got pissed she said I was over reacting, that I should forgive and forget, oh and I should let her continue sleeping with the guy, because shes not my property and she can sleep with whoever she wants ""Forgive and forget."" No always forgive never forget. It's always good to remember the past especially if someone has done you wrong. This makes you less naive."
"Also my roommate thinks he thought I'm a prostitute. HEY IM FROM THE 90s, CAN I EMAIL YOU A PIC? rofl Also, honorable mention to the one I questioned lol. First I was like, aw, whats the creep, they just asked you out for a date lol?! Then i saw the WE at the bottom and I was like DAYUM! But the kicker is WHAT THE FUCK DOES TRYNA BLOW ME $ even mean?!"
"Can you speak on the ""memory issues"" we've been hearing about? Hi. I am Stew. I am president of Hi-Rez Studios. Do you have any questions for me?"
"You can type whatever you want instead... The only flair relevant for Liverpool is ""Merseyside"" and I don't want to be associated with Birkenhead"
"I have done it many times with great success. Are you serious? So next time I need stitches I can just superglue the wound closed? (Being serious, not a dick)"
Walking in a river. What is something that nobody looks cool doing?
"Savage Trump is a lion, Cruz is a snake, and at this point Rubio resembles a chicken with its head cut off."
I use the same loadout except champ stamp Hutning Season
"and add baby goats, no? For it to be a true ""kids meal,"" you must remove the apostrophe."
Yeah but Bell was the only TE most of last week's game and he did nothing. Blake bell will play in Vance's spot and I'm sure he's available
D.Va E and I guess Genji E if you count it. I dont think mei can be cancelled either
Hillary is fighting for ~~isis~~ us Feel the Bern.
"Its actually a vinyl wrap, it just looks like tape. Duct tape wrap"
"Yeah they are very playful and loyal from what I've seen. Jack Russells need an insane amount of attention, exercise and training or they get bored and mean. They are generally very aggressive with other dogs as well. They are bred for hunting small animals. My family had a couple of JRs growing up, and they are great dogs but a serious investment. They never really got acclimated to other dogs, and when one got old she became increasingly aggressive with the other JR too."
Bring him in as a pinch hitter in game 7 of the world series with the game tied in the bottom of the ninth and let him redeem himself with a crush dong What are the O's likely to do with Davis now?
"So you didnt know that and are now scrambling to make it sound like you knew what you are talking about. Yup, and now it looks like they're switching back again."
"*Taking a guess* movie filming? Haha, I'm not quite sure is up with Portland but I haven't ever been there."
"Appreciate it, I'll give it a shot. Fill it out to the best of your abilities. In the additional information, mention that it's approximate or something along those lines. I've recovered my alts that haven't been logged in for over 10 years that way. I entered my username to the best of my abilities and said it wasn't exact, just an approximation."
"Shooting a 75 mm shell through the t34-85 hull, having 150+ mm penetration, getting a ""hit"" is a user error? They aren't ""Shoot here"" spots, they are ""If you shoot here, you will penetrate"" spots. Learn about tanks and their vulnerable spots, and you'll be able to avoid the whole ""Death sentence"" you talk about. There is nothing wrong with ""empty hits""."
Probably a mix of both... people love that dumb bastard. This basically sums up my last date from a couple hours ago.
:) haha
TIL They're all correct.
"Throw in some explosions, and I'll be there on opening night. ""The bodies of Chris Evans, Chris Hemsworth, and Scarlett Johansson in lycra, Featuring banter by Robert Downey Jr."""
"Yes, that why his grandstand but 100% political theater acts do not include repeal, but an imaginary law suit against President Obama, and a feeble act, already dead and forgotten, to require search warrants. Rand Paul: I Never Said Snowden Is a Hero; He Should Be Tried"
What happened to the Harvard Law professors who had registered their complaint last year? Not a single advocate of due process will testify at Senate hearing on campus sexual assault
"All the time in America, especially in regards to Japan. Where did you see anyone say that?"
"Hell I will play for them too, will play for lowest wage. Just send an email to them! They're bound to accept!"
Webcrawler Alta Vista...haven't heard that in a long time.
Id wrekt* that chick. Nice tron skirt
Because if Freo could kick we would've lost by 5 goals. These commentators keep acting like Hawthorn barely scraped through in last year's grand final. Not sure why...
"If you don't like feel good, unsubscribe. Sorry, I'm not going to coddle your glaring insecurities."
"Ah, crow not cow. Scientists have confirmed that a species of wild crow from New Caledonia in the South Pacific can craft tools."
"7543 Fight Me, Plebs"
Injuries and Mumps really do a number on PP numbers. Wow.
"Not willingly, I'm sure. Hong Kong was a completely different situation. Britain leased Hong Kong from the Chinese and returned it when the lease was up."
"Agreed They just don't understand why people aren't as fearful as they need them to be. It can't be that it hasn't warmed for 17 years. It must be a ""communications problem."" A marketing guru or two later and, boom, problem solved: just pour a little money from the vast Climate Trough into the Arts Funding bowl and the Climate Agenda will be magically infused with authentic public communication that transcends mundane truth. Because nothing says ""authentic"" like government sponsored propaganda."
There was a camera when I got my colonoscopy. (NSFW) What is the sexiest photo that someone has taken of you?
"Shredder was too good, but maybe sneeds, yes. GVG: Piloted Shredder or Sneed's"
"""Oooo you cunt"" ""Steak flavored tea."""
"Windlands has a forward and backward only mode and still it gave nausea to pretty much anyone i know, which is really sad cause the game is good It's not deprecated though, it's just a different style of locomotion. Windlands?"
"I 100% agree with you on that, couldnt have said it better While I do not agree that there should be quests since others have stated it makes the game linear and ""on rails"". What I would like though is more content that lets this actually feel like a sandbox you can do anything in and not just a PVP game. I know that more sandboxy content is coming our way during this final beta so I am excited to see the game expand in that regard because right now it just feels like gather some materials craft some gear and go fight other people. Once we can rule towns and villages build our own settlements in the open world have those expeditions or even be able to write our own quests or bounties for other players to take add more skill lines, then it will start to feel more like a sandbox."
"I'm only halfway through season one of Arrested Development, and am already user more episode won't be made, at least for the time being. What television show did you not watch during its original run, but are now really upset that there won't be any more episodes made? With the ability to watch pretty much any program ever made these days, so comes the disappointment when you run out of something awesome."
"You calling Kucinich and Paul ""nutters"" = fail. ugh, its like every politician ive ever hated is getting together for this. not the kind of guys id want supporting me. but more suppor the better, i guess. too bad its coming from such nutters"
Jets with Hansen Montreal with Burrows
"He was Big Sorry. I guess you could say, this 14 year-old kid was FORG1VEN for his bad behavior"
"As boring as *Redemption Island* is, it's far (well, not really) from being my least favorite season. I just finished watching Redemption Island..."
"""I can't condone that"" ""Since when do I need you to condone my life choices?"" The most frustrating conversation I've ever had An middle-aged sister who I used to be kind of close to when I was in mentioned to my aunt a couple months ago that she'd like to see me again. I was kinda excited because I had the impression she was genuinely curious why I had left. So when she got back from her trip recently, we made plans. We met for coffee just yesterday and it went terribly. Basically the conversation went downhill when I stupidly mentioned I was living with my boyfriend now and she's says ""Oh... Well you know I can't really condone that..."" For the rest of the conversation, she tried to get me to admit that the only reason I left was because I felt I had been wronged by God and that I can only be happy if I come back. I tried to say tell her that I left because of my personal research and that I was very happy now that I'm no longer a JW. So when she realized she wasn't getting to me, she tried guilt tripping me. She said stuff like ""you're really hurting me by saying such disrespectful stuff about Jehovah and not recognizing the wonderful gifts he's given you"". Finally I got tired of her trying to claim I was ""hurting"" her so I ended the conversation by rolling my eyes and sarcastically saying ""Right, because you're the real victim here aren't you?"" And walked away."
"Huh, well that is interesting. It's a HE actually."
"I wonder if they would go with the Carolina branding to better capture the other metro areas in the state, including the research triangle. Future Charlotte, NC MLB team logo"
"Yeah, cheers. Nope, nothing yet. If we're all in the same 24th boat, and we all haven't heard anything yet, I think it must be normal for it to be this quiet."
"Yeah, that's what they'll think... Yeah that was just what Wikipedia had to say. Although I might start calling it an octothorpe so people think I'm smart."
"Not a very well researched article... This could be great for getting more people talking and aware of sous vide. I am curious to see exactly how it will be prepared and served. Also, Techcrunch is wrong about needing bags to cook eggs in."
That moment when Slander was one of your top artists to see along with Porter and Nectar and now you have a lot of horrible decisions to make........... that moment where you freak out and you gotta double check that porter and bassnectar don't overlap because they're soooooo fricken close........
"Nah, butthurt fits better Translation: Lots of annoyed Revenant fans. That's all you had to say."
"#THE DARK CARPENTER STRIKES AGAIN! NLDS Game 3: Los Angeles Dodgers @ St. Louis Cardinals (Series 1-1) **Cardinals Lineup** 1) Carpenter, 3B 2) Grichuk, RF 3) Holliday, LF 4) Peralta, SS 5) Adams, 1B 6) Molina, C 7) Jay, CF 8) Wong, 2B 9) Lackey, P **Dodgers Lineup** 1) Gordon, 2B 2) Puig, CF 3) Gonzalez, 1B 4) Kemp, RF 5) Ramirez, SS 6) Crawford, LF 7) Uribe, 3B 8) Ellis, C 9) Ryu, P"
Or a group Wtf is a group chat. Or chat
"He said Montreal, not Toronto. You would have to be on crack to live some place that cold."
Beautipul* why Sheever so beautidul ?
"playing vayne every third game doesn't help his case, not the best champ for gaining elo. He only reached 99 LP when duoing with Bunny's smurf. Since then, he's dropped to the 70's. I'd like to see him succeed, but let's be real here."
"you just can't win... I also developed breasts early (hello B-cup in 5th grade) and girls said I stuffed my bra. I was teased endlessly for it until one day in the middle of class I yelled ""Does it look like I stuff my bra!?"" and lifted up my shirt, flashing the class. Then I got teased for being a slut who flashed my class. sigh."
How autistic are your children? My wife and I are left handed. Seeing her try to light the gas fireplace with her right hand is minutes of hilarity. If she tried to shoot herself with her right hand she would miss her whole body and probably shoot the neighbors cat.
"One must be conscious of their conscience, always. It weighs on your conscious. Then again I'm not sure what an eat experiment is but that sounds pretty heavy too."
"And they both believe the other are hateful heathens out to destroy them and damned to burn in hell forever. Similarities between Muslims and Christians: One true God, omniscient, omnibenevolent, omnipotent. Claim that the religion is historically true, verifiable. One holy book which must be read literally or with tradition attached, hence obsession with ""correct interpretation,"" and with heresy. Afterlife with hell, heaven based on belief and/or works, depending on tradition, except that Muslim heaven's got sex. Last Judgment More or less the same angels and demons; both accept Satan as the big bad. Both accept the Torah, complete with Adam, Eve, apple, Noah, Flood, Moses, with Abraham as the founder. One difference is that in Islam, there's no ""original sin,"" which passes parent to child. Both believe in the virgin birth, though Islam believes Jesus is a prophet, not god. Multiple times a day for prayer: 5 times for Muslims, 7 for Christians Long periods of fasting: Lent for Christians, Ramadan for Muslims One holy day of the week for prayer: Friday for Muslims, Sunday for Christians, but for Islam it's not a day of rest. Women are inferior in both, though both will scream bloody murder if you bring that up. Convenient excuse: In both, they respect women oh, so much! And women=men as spiritual creatures. Gays are damned in both."
Cyka blyat Rush the antelope
"fixthisshit.exe has encountered an error and shut down. *WARNING, WARNING, SYSTEMS OVERLOADING!*"
"Canada: +15 Speech, +1 Charisma, -15 Guns If you could pick your nationality in an RPG, what nationalities would give what bonuses and penalties?"
"The Summer and Winter sales are the biggest sales of the year. What is the best sale time? Thanksgiving, Christmas, or the Summer sale? Specifically for AAA games like GTA V and the Witcher 3 GOTY."
"""Justin Smith has been suspended indefinitely after new studies reveal he's actually God himself."" I predict that one day soon, his blood will be officially classified as a performance enhancing substance."
"Misleading headlines are misleading for a reason. His thesis is that these people should be investigating it, not an actor..."
How is that even remotely legal? Drive-through daiquiri shops are no joke.
"""Well I'm NOT paying for a refill!"" I work at a nice resturant, and this lady brought a three year old. when he ran out of the milk he was given by us, she took out her boob, sucked her tit and spit the milk into the glass"
Such an adorable death machine. Wolf. Belly. Rub.
I wonder how blues fans are able to sit down with their butt hurting all the time. What the fuck are you talking about? nobody said it's a textbook play and Seabrook got a penalty for it meanwhile Perry got away with it.
4 years to get an id is *harrrrrrrrd* Vote without showing identification
"Good boy. Baja Blast &amp; Cooler Ranch, only ways to go!"
"Going to the gym, but I have to cause I have a round stomach and man boobs. What do you not feel like doing today?"
I can not speak for Army but as a retired Marine.I have seen both Navy and Marines rent civilian trucks at times on rare occasions when logistics demand the need. Does the Army National Guard make a habit of purchasing or renting frieght/moving trucks from local/national businesses?
"Sounds like time for a second ""march to the sea""... Pretty much."
...if we are lucky. Joseph Stiglitz predicts recession's end in 2012
"Stupid laws regarding technology are almost always the point of some old guy's lack of understanding. In the UK, thank to a recent court ruling, we've gone back to not being able to rip CDs. Or back up your hard drive. Or add music to Google Play Music. Basically, some of our judges are morons."
I've got another: The Orlando terrorist's father is against Trump. Ted Nugent's 20 Reasons to Vote for Trump Go Viral... Liberals Horrified
Most likely BW is now monitoring this sub and copyright claiming any PTS images that go up. I can't see the images...
First day of college in my suit. What's the worst event you have over/under dressed for?
Fuck right on off. HOW I Made 13 000 in 24 days without spending a Dime?Z_x5p2_L
"Ofc not, I meant United Caliphate of Cucknada. Do you mean Swedistan?"
Yeah i reverse pickpocketed the bigtown occupants with a load of enclave power armour and powerful weapons Protector Casdin put on the normal BoS armor i gave him
"Yeah all those Arabs getting ""random"" inspections probably don't feel discriminated against at all. A wrongful presumption, not discrimination or antagonism based on the belief that another race is inferior or superior."
"Or the glove box.... well, it's not like they can't fit him in the trunk."
"How much did this beast cost? Took of shot of my personal Tahoe last night, in a private area."
"Reply with ""K"" More loving literature from the ""rotten egg donor"" Part 2. See Bitch Bot for part one :) So I responded to her diatribe with this: ""It's a summer wedding. It is not a black tie event. Wear any dress or pant suit. A t-shirt dress from off the rack is more than fine. A custom designer dress including mock ups is fancier than my wedding dress. My mom bought her dress last weekend off the rack. I certainly wouldn't waste money on a dress if you might not even come."" Ok so it was a little bitchy but I mostly controlled myself ;) Then came this! ""You might have been empathic enough to realize that a person in a wheelchair has special requirements that must be taken into consideration. Sitting all the time requires something cool. The length of a dress has to cover most of the legs so that the fabric doesn't ride up and expose things other people should not see. Pantsuits are not something I ever see anymore. T-shirt dresses are way too casual. I'm not going to be humiliated by other people talking about how poor we must be if I couldn't afford a decent outfit (and believe me, the **her husband's side of the family** will tell me to my face and talk about it behind my back). Then I would be faced with comparisons to your family's attire. I haven't bought a new dress in four years because they always need alterations and Canadian stores have limited options. I usually end up buying online from the U.S. Then I end up giving them to charity because they're way too big, too long, shoulders hang, and many other things. I need something for a petite size that also is lovely and can be altered a few times. That way I can feel confident and maybe even believe that I look almost pretty, something that cruel remarks or side whispers and looks always ruin. I had wanted this to be special, the only wedding of a child of mine. But it seems I don't fit in anymore. BTW, (her husband) has suggested to me that (my FH) should eventually take what used to be called an Asperger's assessment. He has distanced himself from both of us and others since he left for (city). It would be nice to know if he's high on the autism scale, like (future brother in law), though there are obvious areas where they would differ. And it would be something to add to the mix if you consider having children. One of my nieces has just such a child. Just saying ..."" Just wow. All this over a dress!!!"
When Clelli told ADC all about Judas and blamed Jason's eviction on Austin as well. There was a 'big backstab'?
"But wouldn't a .15 ohm coil typically require more power than a .3 ohm coil? ohms don't determine power requirement, wire mass and wire type mean much more. The more wire you add to the coil the more power you need, its as simple as that."
Interesting to see how they get around the FCC. British drone-freezing ray gets US airports trial. A UK-developed system capable of jamming signals to small drones is to be trialled by the US aviation authority.
I would also like to know Do you know what rims those are?
"DUDE, it's an Alienware you would pwn so many NOOBS Decided to put my 980 up on Craigslist..."
"And people wonder why I'm not interested in marriage. Sad day brothers.... filed for divorce today, came home to this."
Nice try IA. What's the funniest or most stupid thing you've ever seen a coworker do?
Then I stand corrected. Legit voodoo; all our stuff is made by real practitioners all over the world!
Have you tried it? Nice tip. Going to try this tomorrow. Thanks.
That's 30 seconds of your life I stole from you and you'll never get back. 1/10 for making me read this shit that's full of copypasta
There are reasons other than xenophobia to secede. Or maybe the UK shouldn't choose xenophobia and populism. Time will tell it seems.
"Hi Nope, they're mine and original (would love to know what you're referring to though)"
"Not allowed to build cob houses? There are so many things people could be doing to improve sustainability and prevent environment degradation that are unfortunately prevented by the government. Good luck building a rammed earth or cob house without the government shoving a dick down your throat. You want some back yard chickens? that'll be a paddling. Garden in your front yard? Paddlin'. Electric bike that goes over the laughable 32km/h limit? Good luck finding insurance, or it's a paddlin'."
His mom told him as a kid that he was very smart He's a genius by 'some' standards. By what standards are these? A chimpanzee? A gorilla? A dorito?
"I will never forget Cesc's look of bewilderment as he picks celery off the ground as he's taking a corner. It's pretty terrible now as nobody can throw celery on the pitch. Some fans have flares, toilet paper, flags, confetti, but Chelsea have celery."
"Right on, I must have read it weird, for some reason I thought the focus was on the cops showing up rather than the people calling the cops in the first place. Most of the time, it was not the cops power tripping, it was idiot residents of the community calling the cops on us. The cops usually would talk to us, see what we were doing, then leave with no issues. We even had a cop do some freestyle BMX tricks once. Never really had a bad experience with cops in the city. When I went to the country for college or to visit friends, that was different story. Those cops seemed bored."
My mother fuck you... NO FU- Best line of the entire video. Aussie? How about a bit of Irish MM
"this isnt the easy way, its way easier to just use quiet with sinful butterfly, she drops them in like 2 minutes. Just did 2 MGSV How to videos, any ideas to inprove?"
"I'm making donkey sounds, so I'd rather not share it :D Going to need the video version so we can hear these ""weird noises""."
"He didn't do a score though, only a dozen. But he did already score"
"Just my opinion but i think that Courage and Maven are the best casting due and id prefer them two to cast more then Maven and MrX. Anyone else feel like Courage barely casted this weekend? I didn't see *every single* match on alpha, but I saw a lot of them, and I feel like I only saw Courage cast 2 or 3. I'm just wondering if this stuck out to anyone else or bothered them, thanks."
If you have an album of his photos I would love to see them. Ha. No it's from another B-29. My grandfather was the photographer who documented all the bombing runs.
Should have just put his foot under the tire and stopped it like a rock would to prevent a cat from moving. Yaba daba broken ankle
"Which route did you go to farm the items i finished gathering 200 blue scrips in two days just farming esos now but its so sloowww just restarted ffxiv so had to catch up 210-230 step luckily i was already finished with 210bs Nah. If I were to pose in Idyllshire with these, nobody would think this is the 240. It's just not distinguishable enough."
"Whoops, I think you forgot to add the pic! I will definately doing a follow up! I'm currently working on installing the barrel. Here is a little peak at my next one. [here you see the trunnions are riveted in, and the barrel has been pushed (most) of the way in."
FIRST OF ALL HOW DARE YOU. My fetish is women.
You'll have another pm incoming as well. I was directed to give it out to anyone who might be interested.
this sub has turned to shit. That look..
"Whats that weekly one in Pittsburgh called? The only PM players I know of in PA are the ones around Pittsburgh and Erie. Erie has no tournaments, but Pgh has a weekly PM tournament every Saturday, none of them are going so most are OOS or Eastern PA."
"Going on 5 years now I believe. genuine question mate, how long have you watched football for? 6 months?"
"If you have a screenshot of your kitchens or even the save file then some people on here may be able to help. Believe me I have played around with it A LOT. Have taken pretty much every piece of advice out there, which is why it's so frustrating. I can only assume that it might be something specific to my system. I am hoping to go back to it with a fresh install (3rd one) when I have a bit more time and patience. After putting in 30 hours+ of trying different things my patience just ran out, then it was school holidays and I didn't want to be all ragey with the kids around hehe."
"THAT'S RACIST! I assure you that that's not the case with me. Whether or not Holder chooses to engage in competitive running, swimming, or driving is not my concern and has no bearing on my opinion of him as an incompetent douche."
She still looks better than your ugly ass. LOL
it really isnt Mihai is hard to pronounce for non romanian people
"Colorizebot One of the oddest historical photos I've ever come across, a Nazi DJ spins records"
I read that you really need a third camera to properly play this game because guys come from behind you and wreak havoc on tracking Arizona sunshine seems to be a good value proposition. It has a full story based campaign with optional co-op and a horde mode with support for up to four players.
Ez skin EZ LIFE GGEZ
"you can't see her butthole cuz of that flab Chelsea Handler tries to stay relevant by posing nude with ""Trump is a butt hole"" written on her back"
"This gave me autism In the name of Equestria, fedoras are cool!"
"I like being liked by West Ham for some reason On the mirrors site theirs a list of teams that like us the most, BURNLEY Like us most WEST BROM 2nd SUNDERLAND 3rd WEST HAM 4th MIDDLESBROUGH 5th OTHER TEAMS 6th SOUTHAMPTON 7th LEICESTER 8th CRYSTAL PALACE 9th WATFORD 10th SWANSEA 11th BOURNEMOUTH 12th TOTTENHAM 13th LIVERPOOL 14th ARSENAL 15th HULL 16th STOKE 17th EVERTON 18th CHELSEA 19th MAN UTD 20th"
"Haven't lost yet with my lvl 2 Hound, if anyone is interested in the deck; 2 Lava hound, 4 baby dragon, 10 minnions, 10 arrows, 8 tombstone, 1 lumberjack, 1 Miner, 5 lightning. What are the best Legendaries to level up, and what Legendaries won't make much of a difference if leveled? Just wondering what Legendaries are worth buying in the shop once they appear. I have a lvl 2 princess, lvl 2 ice wiz, lvl 2 Sparky, lvl 1 Lava Hound, Miner and lumberjack. Any advice would be awesome thanks!"
He got the ball ? I really love Brooks but how was that NOT a foul?
Aver has binders filled with numbers xD fuck i miss having these numbers
"Police are going to do this with the presidency in the united states, or the military will, or already has. TIL that the Roman Empire fell in a large part due to the corruption of the Praetorian Guard who initiated the practice of selling the throne to the highest bidder (often killing the emperor themselves)"
"More satisfying than sex Clearing RoT Within First 15 Mins Of $10,000 DMM Tournament v3"
"Actually it sounds like you worked out exactly who was single. I spent the entire night at a party trying to chat up chicks.... I would chat to each one for a pretty long time then they'd throw out the ""oh and my boyfriend too me to...."" ""Oh and my husband is a cop!"" etc etc. I fail at working out which ladies are single. :("
So excited! New HAARP.
LA has fans of teams from everywhere. Why are you idiots friends with Niner fans? There aren't any Niner fans in the Raiders true home in LA
"The ending is fucking awesome. Tattered &amp; Torn. It gets way more shit than it deserves. Yeah, I said it."
It looks like a bunch of superintendents went on a field trip. My trip to Trump National Golf Club
"Just get a lawyer to evict the ghost My kid have been acting strange... I think I no why. Ever since my husband died in a car crash a couple months ago because of a drinking driver my kid has been really weird. My kid have been acting very irrational, meaning that he would always come home from school saying thing like ""Mom, I think I see a ghost"". I say some thing like ""Haha, you are silly! xD There are no ghost!"" but he always insist there are ghost. Yesterday... I seen different. I come home, my son was dead on the floor with blood all over the ceiling and walls! The ghost were standing over him and then telled me to leave the house! So I leave, but the ghost now own my house and pretending to be me, Im afraid that he will maybe kill my friend if he invite them over? Please I need help."
"Damn this kid takes his reviews seriously Alabama: ""Alabama has one of the best academic support programs I've seen. The coaches are some pretty staight-up guys who will help you build your character in and out of the classroom. I visited during spring break, and I loved it. The fans are crazy, and the campus is very pretty."" Auburn: ""I've been to Auburn three times now, and it gets better and better each time I go. It's a very small college town where everything evolves around football. They have some of the most crazy, diehard fans in the country, and I love it. Coach [Gus] Malzahn is awesome. He is truly a real dude who loves what he does and loves his players. Clemson:""At Clemson, you can feel the great, outstanding culture in the atmosphere when you are walking around. You can tell right away it's all about being a family there. Coach Dabo Swinney is the most down-to-earth guy you'll ever meet in your life. He's doing an awesome job, and he's not ever going to BS you. He's one of the realest."" Florida: ""Florida is a pretty cool place. It's only an hour and 20 minutes away from my house. The campus is beautiful, and the people are awesome. Coach Mac [McElwain] is going to put UF back to a top-10 team soon. They are lacking a lot of offensive linemen, so it's an awesome chance to come in and play early as a freshman. [Offensive line] coach [Mike] Summers always tells me how I could be the leader of the pack and get this thing rolling."" Georgia Southern: ""With six national championships and just getting in [FBS] football, I think they are easily going to be a top-25 team. Coach [Willie] Fritz already is doing an outstanding job, going 9-3 [in 2014] and basically winning the Sun Belt [Conference]."" Iowa: ""What attracts me to Iowa is it's the offensive lineman university. They put so many offensive linemen each year in the [NFL], and I know they would develop me as the best player on and off the field. Coach [Kirk] Ferentz has been doing a great job at Iowa, and I'm looking forward to seeing what he does this year. Notre Dame: ""Notre Dame is like a bigger version of Bishop Moore. It is a private Catholic school with great academic support and awesome people. I'm visiting in the summer and can't wait. Coach [Brian] Kelly is truly a great guy as well as a coach. The tradition at Notre Dame is crazy, and I love it. Playing on NBC every Saturday isn't that bad either."" Oklahoma: ""When you step on campus, you can feel the amazing tradition flowing in the air. Coach [Bob] Stoops is an amazing, genuine guy who will take care of you just right. It's all about winning and family over in Norman. He said I would be the perfect fit, and he doesn't see why I couldn't go in as a freshman and make a big impact at Oklahoma."" Ole Miss: ""When we were driving into Oxford, it shocked my eyes how beautiful the campus was. Coach [Hugh] Freeze is a very, very authentic person. He truly cares about his players and everyone around the program. The people in Oxford are as nice as you can be, and it makes it feel like a family atmosphere."" Penn State: ""It's the most friendly environment I've been in. The people, fans, coaches, players...just everyone is as genuine as you can get. Coach [James] Franklin is going to build Penn State into a top program in the Big Ten, and I truly believe that. He's a guy who will take care of you forever and one of the best head coaches you can ask for. Also, craziest game I've ever seen in my life."""
"Fuck, my hands are sweaty now. You're sweaty palms grip at the rock as it angles more and more. Joe taking the picture begins to yell your name as watches, but he can do nothing more."
"The chest is at every spawn point in pvp worlds, and it is the farthest chest from any spawn point. There is a bank chest in the fally castle you can see it in his video. only on pvp worlds though"
Not complete without Macho Man Randy Savage. The best men of many of our childhoods
"Someone left an autotranscript program running while on a South Park marathon. Yeah, It's not working for me either, I think it's broken."
Fuck assholes You are in a competition to see who can gain the most comment karma from one comment. What is your comment?
I am seriously infected with a bad case of individual rights. Harboring terrorist cells inside of your body.
"""huh, no women like me, maybe I'm a piece of shit and should do some deep introspection and change that"" vs ""huh, no women like me, it's their fault and I should act out violently"" There's a difference between logical conclusions and self fulfilling prophecy, though."
"""It's a bug."" Official Response from Niantic:"
"United are away at Watford Going with Benteke or Ozil, United seem to be in a mini-rut and maybe at home to Watford will clear it up, but maybe not.. this week is torture."
"Hmm, if only wireless PCI exists. Multi GPU Setup"
"just my type. ""The fact that your legs are skinny and that you apparently want to show it makes me feel uncomfortable because it is glorifying the beauty standards"""
He said that himself. Yes - please prove that Batman repeats the same shit over and over again.
"English, not British I thought Icelanders showered in British tears???"
I'll keep you posted Would be interested once you have a price in mind and it's decent. Cheers.
"Seriously though, the NYCPD will GLADLY give that guy a fine for having bags in the aisle, having legs up on the seat, AND taking up an extra seat with his sweet setup he's got there. This is what it takes to become a Pro Gamer"
Haven does not mean what you are implying Maybe look up the death toll on terrorists attacks in both countries.
You must be 14 years old. I AM A PACCIFIST AND I WOULD APPRECIATE THIS i freaky luv google
"My Couscous! The Last Unicorn was one of my favorites as a kid, as was The Chipmunk Adventure."
"Drinking good alcohol or making good alcoholic drinks. What is one hobby every guy should invest some time into? I highly suggest going to a few dance classes, be it salsa, latin, ballroom, swing, hip-hop etcetera."
"Lol servers.... They use Steam's matchmaking and that's it from my understanding. It's likely the Amazon AWS servers they use for matchmaking and connection management. They can't handle so many connections at one time, so they just drop new ones."
"Jeez a lot of y'all are pretentious as hell If the year 1 emblem isn't exotic, I doubt people will care about it Bungie."
Once... Just once... I'd like to see a religious person or church use correct grammar when making such profound statements. A Texas churches opinion on the flooding in Houston
The only moment Odin has in that run that isn't totally out of character. Odin: Zero. F***s. Given.
"Then they wouldn't make as much money selling overpowered cards to fix balance in the next expansion. Noob player here, why doesn't Blizzard simply tweak some existing priest cards ? I might sound stupid to some people but, it's an online game and you can patch it whenever you want but rebalances are like...each 4 or 5 months or something ? If the Priest seems so weak for weeks now and new cards can't help, why don't they just tweak some existing cards real fast and update the game ? I mean, it could just take an evening i guess for the team to gather and make some tests and then patch no ?"
17% chance to *NOT* bash. Spirit Breaker
"It'll be the Guitar Hero of movies. Probably going to kill the francise by doing so, but we'll ignore that for now"
Heavy suing. Girl playing basketball impaled in stomach by fieldhouse court.(Video)
"At this point I feel like they could just release a mobile Chao Garden game on its own and win over a lot of fans. If they took the sonic adventure 2 formula, made it control less awkwardly, threw out every character that wasn't sonic, and made some vast improvements with the chao garden I'd be sold."
"I was late to babysit my younger siblings once, so once my mum had come home - when I was asleep -she shaved off one of my eyebrows... She'd been drinking. What was the strangest punishment your parents gave you?"
"Thx! Quick, easy trade. Thank you!"
any suggestions? Your CPU is locked so no point getting that motherboard unless you plan to get a new CPU at some point. You can shave some money by going to a motherboard that doesn't have OC capability (doesn't have Z in the name).
"I'm actually turning 16 in less than a month. It's not exactly an unwarranted nickname. :P But you're only 15 man, it'll come someday."
When did Obama acted like a whiny bitch? Still waiting on Obama to do that.
"Damn near every fight, the person who threw the first punch lost. ""Celebrity Deathmatch"" was a classic satire that featured excellent claymation for its time, but flew under the radar for many. Here is Weird Al Yankovich vs. Al Gore"
"IIRC there are patch notes tomorrow Patch notes this week? Hey, anyone know if we'll be having patch notes this week? Thank you"
"thanks, im a grill btw ;) You guys are so cute ;)"
"Are you saying they are doing as great as Fnatic at their peak when every other team wasnt unstable as shit? Put they are doing great without him also, so clearly wasn't necessary"
"I was going to say...better not be lesser seen in general, considering X-23 took up the Wolverine helm and Marvel looooooves Wolverine... I could get behind some Lady Deathstrike silver nail polish. Oh, there is a planned duo for all of those! I have them written in a notebook. The Riddler: lips- blue leaning violet. Eyes- black with extremely strong lime green shift Grundy: lips- grey blue. Wide-ranging corpsy green/grey. If I had the time, money, and resources, it would be quite extensive! I also want to make a Lesser Seen Marvel collection- Gambit, Rogue, Raven, X-23, Shiklah, etc. Characters that people like, but that you very rarely see in fandom created things."
Which one? The Catholics will rejoice that a state has successfully eliminated one of the deadly sins.
"to add to this - you could, but it would be so much easier to just get your diet in check than kill yourself day in and day out with cardio. Yes"
There's 4 left in flushing but I'm skipping it for AIB version Long Island Microcenter - SOLD OUT
"I'm more interested in who will represent ""all homosexuals everywhere"" as well as the court that feels it has jurisdiction over the entire planet. Sylvia Driskell, a 66-year-old woman from Nebraska, is suing every single gay person on the planet. She will be representing herself in Driskell V. Homosexuals."
"I love that so much it works absolutely perfectly As much as i love this song, i can't hear it in my head with anything but the Shmurda beat anymore."
Giving up is my specialty Hahaha give up on escaping :D
"ah maybe that was what I got yesterday after 214 lol I entered on 94 then just lagged couldn't acess inventories ride etc.. Server stalling on player login This has been happening on Official 44 since at least patch 213. Every time someone joins the server, the server will ""stall."" You can still move around, but not interact with the world until the stall is complete. Once it's over, you snap back to where you were when the stall started. This is not a latency issue, the server is just hanging for 5 to 30 seconds every single time a new player joins. It's brutal."
Fuck you Shut up.
"Because praying was part of the plan too! I'll never understand this. NEVER. This saying comes from the same people who pray for things to happen. If it's part of God's plan, then why in the hell are you trying to alter it by praying when what he has planned is going to happen? It makes absolutely no fucking sense whatsoever."
C+P? Easy C+P: #EMCEMFK45
Folin is RHD... If more than Folin + 2nd then hopefully Drouin goes elsewhere. Please not us.
"Latest version of Laravel, written so you can deploy with HHVM. I have an idea for an online classifieds website with a twist. What backend language would I need? I am a 36 year old family man with a steady job (12 years experience) in an oil &amp; gas company. But I've always had the desire/dream to put a business of my own. I've had a number of ideas for different things but all of them had a downside I wouldn't accept. Now I have an idea I am very happy to move forward with and I strongly believe in it. I have experience in Sales, project management and contracts but I lack the technical knowledge/experience to code/develop my idea. However, I have funds that I am willing and able to sink in to get someone to develop the idea. The idea is to create an online classifieds website with a twist. The twist would mean there are no competitors in Australia. My plan is to start small with an MVP (beta version) for Australia and only in one of the states/territories. And then scale up (grow Australia-wide and add functionality/plugins as the users base grows. So it needs to be developed so the webpage can be scale up if its a success. I would like to know: -Should I contact a Web developing company or an individual web developer? (The webpage would need regular tweeks as I envision it to have additional plugins as the traffic grows. So I would prefer to have a strong relationship/partnership with a web developer. Potentially offer a small percentage of the companies equity.) Pros/Cons? -I don't want to sign NDA with every web developer/company I speak with but I also want to shop around to make sure I get the best person at a fair price. What experience/qualifications would I look for in the web developer/companies I speak with? -Any other comments?"
"I learned that from listening to random Russian soldiers in Metal Gear Solid V XD 1983, A Soviet Early Nuclear Warning System Officer's instruments were going off saying America's ICBMs were launched towards Russia. Every protocol told him that he should launch missiles back in retaliation, but he decided not to. Turns out the detection system malfunctioned due to faulty mechanics. TL;DR: The world almost ended in 1983."
In cross country it is at least. Wouldn't that be considered pacing?
"No. I also agree with this, in the beginning Rowling pretty much shoves it down our throats that the bad guys are as bad as can be. Now, all we need is a Ravenclaw to also agree with us and all houses are properly represented."
this is a fucking brilliant euphemism Chasing the white cow is no joke
BALLS for short. Blizzard All-Stars was used for a bit too I think
that comment is still very confusing to me This comment was very confusing before I noticed the username...
Engrish is probably the best language known to humanity. me irl
Because I am sceptical you have enough gold for every post here Why do you deserve gold?
"20 years in Congress is pretty good. Newt probably has a hot dog named after him at some dive bar in North Dakota, so his life wasn't entirely without meaning..."
"As of 2/27/16 @4:51 PM, I'm working on the livery, btw. I can test it as long as the .cfg files are good. The paint kit is available on their website."
Any attempt at a Nuzlocke in any Pokemon game. Which video game defeated you?
are you running a derailleur I can't see or do you just turn a manly gear? Everything Is Finally Turning Green Again
I'm not an expert but apparently she believed she would be seriously harmed if anything touched her face. How does a mental illness prevent you from touching your face?
"Moire sesh Ireland still has a democratic government, I hear. Similar 'culture', maybe a bit more rain and alot more drinking but also more craic."
"I think you should be forced to keep it now No, but you caught my terrible mistake!"
I guess there salty because they couldn't get one. Don't go against the circlejerk
Yup. RIP servers
It was decided by nomination. Who designed this? Did they not look up any defensive stats on anyone?
"CC are: - Slow (both movespeed and attack speed) - Silence - Stun - Every kind of knock (up back in) - Suppression - Taunt - Polymorph - Charm - Blind - Vision denied (AKA Quinn's Q) Maybe I'm missing one but I'm sure they're all in it. Ye that's why i was asking, i was not sure about the limit of what can be removed and what can't be removed. Teemo Q can count as a debuff more than a cc."
"No, they didn't. Not sure why there have been so many posts about this recently, Acivision/Infinity Ward confirmed this months ago."
"She knew exactly what mistake she made in her interpretation of her vision which is why she ran back to the wall. It simply wouldn't make sense for him to die, who would carry the storytelling at the wall, Olly? Plus Melisandre coincidentally shows up and we all know by now that king's blood is the source of the strongest magic. Alive confirmed 100%."
"PM'd 27"" iMac 5k 3.3 i5 16GB RAM 2TB Fusion Paypal/Gaming PC"
"Added to the list, thanks :) Have you watched 'spring, summer, fall, winter and spring'? One of my fave korean films, in addition to 'please take care of my cat.' Mother was really good too. My sassy girl is a classic but more of a guilty pleasure than a film theory/analysis type movie."
Well there isn't a SINGLE person above level 70 whos hasn't atleast a +9 weapon. I just leveled my lv 30 twink cuz I'm done with the swamp PvP
"I can't read many of the Observer's concert reviews anymore, they are so pessimistic and it seems as if the writers are in a constant contest to see who can write the most cynical article Dallas Observer Editor Still Confused by Women Who Play Music"
specifically her ass Honestly as long as Chloe's ass is okay I'm fine.
"If your worth it to a company they will give it to you. So, if you screw up, you're set for life? Wish I could get that gig."
No more fits of rage when i lane against Ekko and see his Q return to him. thank god finally
Hillary Clinton From
"As low as -1F the other day, and about 20f today. How cold?"
Thank you for your thoughtful analysis. Oppressive *and* boring. Bad combination.
"They do fix shit though. I personally dont hate the update, I hate that they dont fix shit"
"what didn't they release? ""For example, all the tapes from the Pentagon incident and black box data from the aircraft."""
Must also have 2 commas... $1.0000000 let me in this bitch
Dictator or Boxer? M.Bison alt or riot.
"I think it's a fair excuse for Velcro over laces Yeah, that apparently doesn't happen until someone pushes the emergency stop. What does happen is that the thing notices that it is stuck, due to your scrawny ass gumming up the works, and basically revs up."
I forgot the Timberwolves too if that means anything. I thought Bucks and Jazz were friends
"**irregardless** ^irregardless ^^irregardless Stop using extra syllables to pad out your vocabulary. Now, if they can stop filling the cups with so much damn ice so that my drink can last more than 3 sips (irregardless of size), then I might actually consider this as a good thing."
"9...11 Ms. Clinton what is the answer to the ultimate question of life, the Universe, and everything else?"
"No, they're too stupid to understand decimals Is CNN seriously rounding to integers? Do they think we're too stupid to understand decimals?"
Hehe this is funny. Record scratch freeze frame memes on the up and up! Buy now; sell high! This will crash quicker than Ken Bone so be diligent.
"Finally someone pronounces Fresnel correctly! Recently discovered how to make Cycles more ""physically accurate"", so I'm passing on the knowledge!"
PoK? That kashmir is ours.thats the biggest fiction i have read.
"That's weird Did Valve Remove Listen Servers? I had two people join my game via the server browser, even though I started it up using the ""map"" console command."
They do this every year. Am I missing something? What is the correlation between N. Korea and april?
*chokes MVP* *grabs crotch*
"Vz are popular, but my recommendation is raasco Thank you. Any recommendations on grips? I'm in the market for a new pair."
"i usually pull up next to the passer reeeeeeal slowly too, just to emphasize it Who's laughing now?"
no we dnt y wood u post dis here I heard you guys liked wallpapers
You mean an old guy who lets kids sit in his lap all day? I was in prison for a few years. Most of the sex offenders weren't creepy at all. More look like Santa Claus than the stereotypical pedo.
"I know, but I was just responding to a what you say is the only problem I mentioned pensions right at the end of my comment. However parental leave is not taken by every person."
Hey everybody I found him! Play PC like a man
"It was perfect for the context was what I meant. You said ""that gif is perfect."" I was merely stating that I felt my gif was more so. Besides, fluff is always relevant"
"I'm about half-way through The Clone Wars, would I need to finish the show before I could read this? Was at the book Store and noticed something new."
What desk? One last pic of my dual-monitor setup. Third screen is on its way.
"Pls stop, I'm bEgging you I couldn't eggre more!"
"Actually, their 3rd game against iG at ESL One can be considered a throw. If it's not a throw them it's irrelevant to what I was saying. They haven't thrown since DAC. When they lose it's pure outplay/out draft."
"In fairness he nearly Gervinho'd the first one. So? Torres misses sitters and we all talk about how shit of a player he is. Sanogo is slotting them in, so theres a lot of promise!"
"Christian Bale as Patrick Bateman in American Psycho. Reddit, what was the most perfectly cast role?"
"You obama loving bitches, got trolled. Fuck you Obama. This is not the change we were looking for. Obama presses allies to go after Assange"
"Right now, sweat because I just got back from a walk outside. What do you smell like today?"
"Because I'm an idiot, second Houston should be Baylor. You listed Houston in both categories..."
Watching the Hotel Scene for the first time was incredible. No Country for Old Men That was a fun and suspenseful ride.
RRISD is from my wife who teaches and got the call saying they are on a 2 hour delay. AISD and RRISD on 2 hour delays
Tebow signs with Arizona before the SB Confirmed: Cardinals win the Superbowl and only suit up 26 players.
"If you have friends in those cities, doing those things, then they ARE your connections. I've got friends living their dreams as actors, actresses, and filmmakers in Los Angeles, New York, and London, and I'm stuck in goddamn Texas with a degree I didn't want, a shitload of debt, and no fucking connections. All I want is a chance to work as a filmmaker. Just one chance. Or, hell, anything just to get my foot in the door. If me sweeping floors on a Warner Bros. set or delivering coffee to someone at Williams Street Productions meant me getting my foot in the door and networking with someone, I'd do it in a heartbeat. I'm only 22, and I feel like I've wasted my life. I fucking hate this state, and I want out. But, I have no money. Worst of all, there's a near-nonexistant film community here. It's rough, and it depresses me. And, just thinking of what I *can* be just makes things worse; every film I see in theatres makes me depressed. Regardless of how good or bad it is, it's something that's seen wide release; I could've done that! I could've worked on that! I just want a chance. Just one fucking chance."
Don't worry about it you have Matt Hasselgoat Is it cool if we just take this whole idea and sorta launch it into the sun?
"And we've found the ""in the comments"" LPT. I always put a few essentials in my carry-on in case my checked bag is lost for a bit."
Yes but that wouldn't be a court and you'd know you're right better than a jury ever could. If my boss ever told me to remove the safety and forget the people it would harm then I'd kill him and dump him in a ditch.
"copypasta time K? K what? The letter before L? The letter after J? Did you know, the K in 'JK' stands for kidding, so your reply is kidding? Or K as in potassium? Do you need Special K for breakfast? K as in I can K/O you? Can I K/O you and feed you to the Sharks? Sharks has K in it."
A fan of Tyrantrum I see I prefer red dinos
Bonus vs Water though...and everyone seems to use Water types 100% IV Eevee turned into this trash!
"Don't spam the desert eagle like that, only your first bullet was on target. Valkyrie's Shotgun is stupid"
"I was really excited for you when I saw they opened a place in Paletto, I know you've been wanting one up there pretty badly. I will be there,,bought a house up in the Bay!!"
"And its just...two brothers...and they're trimmin beards this picture is actually of two brothers the older one is in a coma, but his younger brother comes and gives him a cut every day man. thats some real shit"
"I haven't had any memory leak either, but It's been taking on average 2-3 minutes to load up. i have not experienced memory leak but yes, ever since 1.3.0.5 it takes about a minute to minute and a half to launch"
Doesn't every tax take money? So the carbon tax has effectively taken money out of the local economy. See why it's a farce?
"Nah, Scott McIntyre is the man in the know when it comes to this shit! Can you bring Sandra Sully back from the dead too?"
Around the Madison Square Park area Where in the city are you?
"The newest harvest moon games look sooooo bad compared to the first few (personal opinion) Stardew Valley, it's essentially a Harvest Moon clone, made by one guy over several years. Better than the HM series, IMO, but very similar to the earlier games (e.g. SNES)."
"Or the one that happened this game. I can't believe they're considering the Korver play as one of ""Delly's Dirty Plays"". Obviously not intentional."
"""Who Knows"" &amp;nbsp; They don't know They don't know Like I know Like I know Do you know They don't know I don't know I don't know What my baby What my baby Put on down Put on down What my baby What my baby Put on down baby Put on down now I just came back from I don't know I can't count it I can't count it I just came back in town They don't know I'm lookin' for my seller I don't know my baby Have you seen her Have you freed her yeah Have you seen her Oooh hhhooo Talkin' about my baby Goin' down Talkin' about my baby Thoughts on the recent drop? We've gone from about $660 to $620 this week. Any thoughts on what cause?"
you talking about Right Spot? There's a really good greasy spoon diner around there
More likely than you think. An Ana PotG? On MY Overwatch Subreddit?
single guy Single guy or enthusiastic lesbian?
"Ah right, wasn't aware you could get the M5 in drift. It's a drift spec. It won't be able to drift that much with a street spec."
Wtf dude that's like super rude You must have fallen off a log at the top of the tree and hit every branch on the fucking way down man
"I thought it was trying to convey to kids the message of racism and prejudice. I'm pretty sure the point was to be a light-hearted kids movie used to convey and explain a sense of morality to children using cutesy animals rather than people. But yeah, you can also say its objective was to arouse furries and give grown men boners. I'm pretty sure it was the former though, but I can't be certain."
"Someone uploading Mein Kampf. Random musing lang kanina habang ina-upload ko yung ilan sa mga libro na ni-recommend nyo kahapon: what if gawin ko na *open-source* yung collection. As in, lahat pwede mag-contribute? Wala lang, nahihilig kasi ulit ako magbasa at karamihan ng nai-post ko ay nabasa ko na. Anyway, ano kaya yung possible problems na mae-encounter ko sa binabalak ko? I mean there's the whole copyright thing, and then the cloud storage space. What else? (Sensya na sa formatting at typos na na-miss ko kung meron. On my mobile pa rin kasi.)"
"It's still great to see the MikasaxEren moments, especially the beating up part. The first part about Annie should be. This one, no."
"I left it for a while and those were the only available tiles. Good, good. Let the covet flow through you. The borders stretching to follow the roads seems new to me. Do you have any mods installed that would cause that?"
YUGE! If the Cowboys don't have Smith at LT. That is Donald Trump huge. Clay would have a huge game.
"The seller should have red, brown, or blue Switches?"
"The clothes that Adam Levine has designed are very cool and very classic; they're perfect for everyday wear. Random Fashion Thoughts - ""But, why male models?"" - April 1st Discuss Adam Levine's cool, classic clothes for every day wear."
"The Witcher 2 is on sale for $3 right now and it's a great game. Which game should I get up to 5$? There are two games on sale I'm thinking about getting, a Saints Row game or Mass Effect. I have Mass Effect 2 but haven't beaten it yet. I've never played any of the Saints Row games and I've watched some videos but I don't really know what it would be like. I have my eyes on Sainta Row IV but I'm so uncertain! I have 5.07 in my wallet, any suggestions?"
ayyy Looks like Tobias is finally accepting himself
"Staff of Whatever, I like it :D Can we rename Spear of Desolation into something like Staff of Whatever? Its nothing to important, but i think it will make talking about build and stuff way easier. Right now you have 2 spears which forces you to always either say the full name or the suffix. So i would love to get spears name changed. Ugh"
"Spanisch originated in spain, and like with every single european country, the native people of that country are fucking white. People need to stop speaking Mexican"
"Or its people who *aren't* going to vote for him no matter what, so they don't care. I imagine they're the 40% who are going to vote for him no matter what, so they don't care."
"This may seem like a stupid question, but how do you get 4chan to look like that? .gif~"
"haha, that must mean YOUR ash you loser Ill bully myself. I fucking deserve it im a loser tbh ngl smh fam"
"Yep, take Chuck Schumer, he wouldn't have come out against it had the deal actually been in jeopardy They do this often, NPR was talking about it this morning. If they can vote NO without actually causing harm that is a win/win for the Republicans."
For once people get to downvote because you're contributing nothing to the discussion and not just because you're an ass. Rita's blog is just shit compared to ss
Mirror for moblie users? Man sells another guy his raffle ticket minutes before the drawing and watches the guy win a car with it
"I knew there was something special about you when I first joined this sub. I'm an accountant. I tried to explain. He banned me too, so I call bullshit on him."
"... and a grand Yeah, but you spawn with full armor in casual."
head developer Obviously you're *echem* Ahead of the game?
Or they both pray and God favors the quarterbacks. Doesn't that still kind of imply that all of those cornerbacks who couldn't stop him didn't have god with them?
"I mean what's the point of this thread ^ ^ There are a lot more unknown female characters in trailers. Could this be Sombra? This might seem irelevant but I think, I think I found sombra in Ana's origine short. At 0:46 the the girl on the far right that might be of color. I know no one is gonna see this but give it a try. MagicTurtle420 wishing you am awsome day"
wrong place for this... I was banned for posting an off-server YouTube video
Thanks I forgot it \ You dropped your arm sir
"You don't know what I do in my free time. But you didn't help our homeless vets, you also just shared an image..."
"Endo is for both, from what my father (that used to do motocross and owned many bikes) told me. They're really interchangeable afaik. The way I understand the difference is that an endo is where you stop pretty much immediately and the back wheel comes up whereas you ride out a stoppie. But of course I could be totally wrong."
"I think every team gets two bye weeks in the regular season. So, just got my helmet schedule for the season and noticed everyone in the SEC has 2 by-weeks... I guess there are just more weekends during football season this year? I wonder how often this happens..."
Intent to anger. How do you differentiate when an argument is a form of discussion?
By attacking you mean spraying fire extinguisher foam on him? So... nothing happened to this guy after he attacked the Swedish minister? No prison or deportation? If I had attacked a senior minister six months ago then I probably wouldn't be posting here now...
"Everyone who drives a manual can't wait to tell you about it when the topic of cars comes up on Reddit. Nah man, it's important you show off your sick manual skills whenever possible when a thread like this comes up. Cause you know, no one outside of reddit would give a shit what kind of car you drive. But in here, it's all that matters!"
"Good point, I wasn't even thinking about him. you're right - it's not the same thing, but it's the only way i could relate it. for the first half of my life i lived almost 600kms away and was too young to go. now i'm close to the GTA. i don't know their reasons for picking the islanders but they might have been following uwe krupp, a german national, who would've been quite a big deal to a child growing up in germany."
Who cares? Does ISIS have any oil? If so it's basically a sealed deal by now.
In his mind. Where?
I will never understand people who take the game that seriously. We had a non-clan member in our group who's a close friend. Leader wasn't too happy with us making Rank #1 with him :/
"And that is why I never disclose my political views in public. GrubHub: it does NOT violate the 1st Amendment for the CEO to voice Anti-Trump views. However, customers can voice their right of the 1st Amendment by boycotting GrubHub. #BoycottGrubHub Also, ya sure don't have grounds to fire someone for being a Trump supporter."
Modiji thinks so.. But there is also a disclaimer.. Don't try this at home.. Only show ur sexy legs in Umreeka.. Short skirts and carrying bags is fashionable??? Who said that.
"Just missing one of those toy-sized ""dogs"" to complete the look. Yup, I'm poor again..."
"Sforile se trag dincolo. Cadou, dar cadou cu sfori ca la un imprumut."
"Fuck cars, fuck bikes, walk instead. ""Cyclists are never satisfied"" by Stu Bykofsky, with comments about him being an old angry man already there in the comments."
"S340, despite it not fitting my cooler. What did you end up going with?"
I have the not Note Edge and its a fucking tank. S7 or S7 edge? I dropped my S7 edge (with an Otterbox) less than a foot onto a wooden table and it broke the entire fucking display.
"So you mean that genetically-modified tomatoes will *not* grow a teratoma? Before I even read your comment, that's where my mind was headed. As a bio major, it's simply mind-boggling how little the public understands genes - and human digestion, for that matter."
That is correct. Wasn't that FBI?
"These post are just like your name Of course you're praising Supercell, you got a legendary. Seriously, these posts..."
"I was thinking about puting that in the title, but I wasn't sure if they were slippers or boat shoes. Is he wearing slippers?"
"Oh my, what an insult. I'd say it's hilarious how pathethic Russia is."
"That the vast majority of people would just use the free chair that they are given? I was sponsored by QPad but i used and still use steelseries peripherals, whats the point?"
"If it gets cold in a thermos after 4 hours that means your thermos is shit. COFFEE. I've started bringing a full thermos of coffee to school because my classes are 4 hours long. It either gets cold, or I drink it all too quickly when I just bring a travel mug."
They're Brazilian actually. Huh.
"Thanks to the 49ers, the Browns actually have 51 wins since 2006: | Season | W | L | |-----|---|---| | 2006 | 4 | 12 | | 2007 | 10 | 6 | | 2008 | 4 | 12 | | 2009 | 5 | 11 | | 2010 | 5 | 11 | | 2011 | 4 | 12 | | 2012 | 5 | 11 | | 2013 | 4 | 12 | | 2014 | 7 | 9 | | 2015 | 3 | 10 | | totals | 51 | 106 | So, woo? Since Russell Wilson entered the league in 2012, the Seahawks have 50 wins. The same amount of wins that the Browns have since 2006."
ITT: A lot of awesome bosses. Awesome boss said this at noon today!!
What if the wind stopped blowing? At this point my faith depends on the way the wind blows
"Is there any particular way to join up but not serve in combat, or is it all down to how you do on the assessment test they administer that they really should give before you sign up? When I was in OCS in 2005, I had this conversation with a girl who was quitting: Girl: You know you'll be in Iraq in 6 months.... Me: You know you joined THE ARMY right.... Girl: Well, I don't want to go to war Me: We've been at war for four years, and this is the fucking Army, where the hell did you think you were going? Girl: but I didn't think women have to fight Me: equality is a bitch, perhaps the Peace Corps would have been more your cup of tea...."
Looks like it's straight out of Panau. Well... its time to play Just Cause 2 again.
"Didn't realize I was speaking to an edgy teen That statement itself is mind blowingly sad. Not sad in an insulting way, but sad in a truly sorrowful, *I feel bad for calling you out*, way"
Shh! Not one mention of usenet. Nice.
Xfdsdd?##:74$&amp;5 Reminder than every Xbox early development kit was in fact just a PC running the Xbox OS
"It should be $100k, so that it is only viable to use for jobs you literally can't find anyone in the US to do. Congress doubles H-1B fee to $4,000 - Extra money will help pay for biometric tracking system"
"I guess it's ok to punch a handcuffed woman in the stomach to get her to sit down then, as long as you're a cop? I guess its ok to kick a cop then?"
"Yes because Clinton administration was definitely on par with the Bush administration. As a lifelong Democrat, I wish I could agree, but this shit went on throughout the Clinton administration, and nothing was done about it."
"Damn none of those are demanding games at all. I have 470's in sli, just off the top of my head games that i have played in the last 2 weeks that run like complete shit on sli are. 1. Dragon age origins- drops from 15 fps then slowing climbs back up to 200 all the time, and both cards run around 40-50% each. 2. Dota 2- Main menu runs at 9 fps, and has since beta, as well as major fps drops during gameplay, turning off sli fixes both of these problems. 3. The Witcher 1- All the lights in the game shine through the walls and ground in sli, turning it off fixes it. 4. Diablo 3 will run as low as 15 fps for some reason in demanding parts of the game, with sli off it never drops that low when shit goes down. After having sli for years you would be amazed at how many things are broken in games when comparing to a single card gpu. It is so refreshing when ever i play on my laptop, even though it is no where close as powerful as my desktop, not having to deal with random crap like the stuff i listed above is sooooo nice."
"Read my edits, why the fuck do you care about Jews in azov then? I don't care about Hitler's SS. I don't care about Wolfsangel."
BC quora bana diya Are Russian women okay to date Indian men? ...going to be in Russia for 3 months as a trainee. Any dos and don'ts in the dating game.
The rest of the guys were even more sub-par. I watched Grayson in the senior bowl. He was pretty sub-par. Do you know if his film is any better?
click-bait as hell That title tho.
"And then Xerneas ended up being the better of the two... Hmm, you caught me. It was due to the other released version exclusives. Then when Mega Charizard X was announced, that's when I began stubbornly refusing to like it, due to still wanting the version Y exclusives. Apologies, bad memory."
savage fam Hilarious and original
"It's almost insulting in the same way that rape is. Yeah, this is almost insulting. ""Hey remember that symbol of American victory over your country in that war where we nuked you and fire bombed civilian population centers? Yeah, totally gonna make a good fundraiser today."""
"Kenyeah! When people say that, they're talking about the *western* world. Europe and North America, not Asia or Africa. If you were living in China, the everyman/-woman would be Chinese. In Kenya, they would be Kenyan. In the Middle East, they would be Middle-Eastern. Etc."
"I'M NOT A SEXIST YOU SJW MISANDRIST! ""BUT I'D VOTE FOR ELIZABETH WARREN, I SWEAR!"""
"No reason that had to sound anti-semitic, I just wouldn't trust scholarship of a group has a stake in showing that Christmas didn't happen. Um, the article itself cites various reputible published literature for sources. No offense, but that came off as vaguely antisemitic. Jews have access to history just as Christians do."
Inconceivable! GOP Lawmaker Refuses To Believe The Fact That Rep. Eric Cantor Is Shorting U.S. Treasury Bonds
This is so pretty! Nude Lace Water Decal Nails
"It's definitely worst when it's bracketing a message with ""This is your mum"" being the other bracket. I am going to start writing ""Holla girl"" to people that annoy the shit out of me. Because that made me want to punt something with how annoying that sounded in my head."
"Assuming what you're saying is true, it still doesn't seem to make it any better not to have a protector on because something within that walk to work scratched my phone and it's been bugging me since. I have no doubt that you believe it, but that is impossible. Something else happened that you aren't aware of. Try it right now... try to scratch your screen with your plastic ear buds (its already scratched, right?) If it works, then it ain't gorilla glass."
Add that to the curse of the successful dad giving his worthless shitbag son the keys to the kingdom. bill simmons pointed out in his article yesterday that the last time they won was the week before they lost to bo jackson and the raiders where they injured his hip (which subsequently threatened his career). they're cursed.
Yes. Is Kyle Orton Bills' QB of the future?
"Thank you. The University of Oklahoma integrated its football team in 1956, The University of Texas team remained segreated until 1970"
"Weird, I have a Noppoo Choc, and it has been nothing but amazing for me Really hate this brand for mech keyboards. Mine felt very cheap, and for some reason does not work in bios"
"Blame those fucking morons, not Obama. I won't bring up that whole Nobel peace prize thing."
No Metamoris 3 happened and Royler totally dominated. *Metamoris 3?
"Don't worry, they're all wight. At this point? Probably blue eyed and a bit frosty. I'm actually kind of curious as well, there's a lot of people MIA beyond The Wall. Most are probably (un)dead, but their uncertain fates make me *very* curious."
wow good thing this isnt a few months old Leffen Sweeps Chillindude (5 - 0)
"Swamp Rabbit Honey Lager, by any chance? one off my fb friends brother lives by jimmy carter in Americus long story short he gave one of his brews this was his response."
2furion2furious? Also illifurion and furious furion.
Isn't Cortana supposed to be floating around on the desktop sometime in a future build? I completely forgot about that guy! I forgot desktop buddies were a thing back in the day. Would be kinda cool if they made cortana a visual desktop buddy.
Still not seeing a source. Reddit has made you stupid.
"If you have to ask, the answers definitely no. Guns and mental illness Is it okay to own a gun if you suffer from mental/anxiety issues? (Anxiety, panic attacks, ocd, depression, bi-polar, etc). Explain"
"The new personal loot system is infinitely better than ML for pugging, and only people who honestly prefer ML over the new PL are ninja raid leads. Blizzard clearly doesn't have a problem with that approach since they removed ML from pugs."
"Found the lawyer. He didn't lie. At that time sexual relations were defined as penis in vagina sex, blowjobs were something else. He used tricky language, but he didn't lie."
How do you make a gfycat over 15 seconds? Exit
"Several ppl even called us hackers because we knew they had cars in their base It's awesome, when the rendering at a distance is showing only a tampered ground with 12 vehicles in it."
not a bad idea. Here's a crazy idea. Put taxes at the normal income rate for corporations (such as goldman sachs and friends) at the normal income tax rate since that's where their whole revenue comes from. Then let regular individual investors enjoy a preferential rate recognizing that they are taking risks with hard earned money.
Getting married is tax fraud? Its nice that people are in support of tax fraud.
"lol That was funny Great! Since the Obama administration is so hard on whistle-blowers, that means that the entirety of the FBI will have to leave the country and be replaced. I'm down with that."
"NO PLEASE NO Kerala politicians beat street dogs to death, hang them on a pole and take out a parade"
"Man, if I lived in Denmark, I would feel giddy every time I see a wall socket. :o :D :p"
i dont know if its the quality but i can't even hear what they are saying plus its an oakdice video can someone explain what happens? Alisonquinn EXPOSED (thinks stream is off) Goto 1:55
"I loved how the flashing screen went into fullscreen, as if the devs were trolling so hard they actually had the foresight to know exactly how annoying they could make their game. Transformers: Mystery of Convoy - Game Grumps"
"ESSENCE REAVER IS VIABLE THE DREAM How to build Graves? Hello fellow summoners, Recently i bought Graves and have been trying him out. However i do not know what exactly to build on him. He's a burst ADC so not a very good BotRK user like vayne or twitch. However his short range kinda screws him on the IE dps. I've been going IE+ghostblade+Phantom Dancer. However i have serious sustain problems in lane, and find myself building and early vamp scepter. Also it greatly delays the last whisper. Is BT worth going as a first item? I like Ghostblade on him since it gives a great boost to his E+auto+Q+auto ult combo, allowing for 2 or 3 extra autos. How do you guys build graves nowadays? I understand he is a weaker version of lucian, but overall i prefer graves as a champ, and again, he doesn't make great use of neither BotRK or Triforce, like other ADC casters like Corki, Ezreal or Lucian."
She's actually from Australia--the brooklyn accent was just for Wolf of Wall St. Was just thinking the same thing. Hard to picture that face with Margot's brooklyn accent.
Ouch on the guitar one. Learning curves of musical instruments (comic strip)
"Is it still racist, if it's accurate? Reddit user arrested and fined for his racist comment on a Muslim boy in a post on r/worldnews"
Klay didn't exactly play well either tho You mean a franchise player can't contribute on more than 1 end of the court?
what a chivalrus pupper! Pupper has flower for u
"There's a difference between the government locking people up for their speech, and a company providing them a free platform. Good. Fuck the bans. Shit offends you? Look elsewhere. There's a reason the ACLU defends KKK members and their right to freedom of speech and assembly. You don't have to agree with the message, and you can easily choose not to listen to it either, but fuck you if you want to silence those saying things you're offended by. Grow some thicker skin and learn to pity the ignorant rather than force your will upon them."
"Not alot of crocs in NA, Alligators are more prevalent. You mean crocs."
I stated my reason in my original post. I will never understand why people choose to read these before the episode airs..
We all had that one friend that we just *knew* we could never lend our CDS to. PSA: Don't let your friends borrow your brewing equipment
"Yeah, you must give all of your personal data to your google overlords, then they will be able to tailor the search results around the information that you play wow a lot. It's not happening for me. Am I supposed to enable it somewhere?"
Sheever cringed really hard after the fact Someone needs to tell Sheever to practice good hygiene...
no thanks Lightnings for black chakram?
"Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, Knights of the old republic II and games from the jedi knight series What PC games do I absolutely need to play?"
"Oh great, now Psylocke's a lesbian. But I suppose its ok when you do it right Jean?"
"Why is it that when you hear about a battle, you always hear of it as the ""bloodiest of the war"" Verdun. Nearly 40 million artillery shells were exchanged, and that's just the artillery. It was a fairly concentrated battle and one of the bloodiest in WWI. It would be a near solid wall and stunning memorial to the bloodshed which occurred there."
Do you have a clue what happens now? This reference right here. Awesome. Wow.
My baby learning to enjoy toys. What are you genuinely looking forward to?
"Well, that's an unexpected twist... I gained some weight recently and one of my coworkers asked me if I was pregnant. I was feeling pretty down on myself but then she explained that she was asking all the women, because she had a nuclear medicine test and was literally radioactive and couldn't share a bathroom with a pregnant woman. I felt better."
Playing Twister outside while listening to Kool and the Gang's Celebration. What activity is only weird when done alone?
"I'd never be able to buy something like that because I know it would be vandalized the second I look away. I admire the person who has the guts to ride something like this. There's nothing inherently wrong with riding one, but there's no way I could do something like that."
"That headline is the epitome of the guardian. Former Sex Pistol John Lydon, aka Johnny Rotten: comedian Russell Brand's call for people not to vote is ignorant, flippant and liable to 'make you all homeless'. Lydon also explains why he'd never vote Conservative, labels Ukip 'morons' and calls anarchy a 'mind game for the middle classes'"
"Zowie is just the ""gaming"" part of BenQ, so Zowie monitors will have gaming oriented features (1ms input lag, 144Hz, cost way too much, ect). Anyone know the difference between zowie and benQ model monitors?"
Hopefully it's to repair that priority bug they instituted. cant connect to magic duels Am I the only one? Also I can no longer find their facebook page I am from SEA btw
"wow chill It's impossible to see one of these iconic images without noticing how powerfully they symbolise the occupation of Palestine ... but that, unlike Tiananmen Square's '*Tank Man*', such photographs are unlikely to be nominated for a Pulitzer."
Haters gonna hate. I could do without that font for the rest of my days.
"Yeah but if you install the sign in application for Snapchat, then install snap plus with the duplicate option, it doesn't overwrite the sign in one that automatically signs you in. It's the duplicate install option"
You crusty savage! But that's what sleeves are for!
No you don't have arms Can I open it myself?
I am almost tempted to just get this app for their update change log. Medium is listening to all those complaints about vague patch notes... and taking them to their logical extreme.
Are you talking about sending or receiving? They're pretty great! Over 18 so I don't have many worries
I am craving chicken wings now for some reason. Don't you mean BWW...big white whale...
"I like how Overwatch has 3 characters that were all at one point presumed dead but just decided ""nah I'll just not die"". Ana Announcement Video"
Ever First time he's been 4-0 in a while
"I don't care if it sounds good. Reddit, what do you think of a singer that uses autotune? Personally I hate the whole idea of autotune. In my opinion it's cheating, like if a baseball player had a bat that slightly adjusted his swing to help him hit more consistently. The sound is fake, and some of the artists using autotune sound like crap without it. What do you think Reddit?"
I do this anyways. Smoking Marijuana in the safety and privacy of your home.
Please explain how I am wrong. You're wrong
"After everything that went down, we had the lead late in the game with a chance to win. Philadelphia Eagles (3-1) at Detroit Lions (2-3) Post your thoughts here."
HARD &lt;-- wants the Babcock
"bigly I speak New Yorkese, and even I have trouble."
Full employment is hardly the core principle of social democracy; it's no more focused upon than any other of the macroeconomic policy objectives by modern social democrats. Then it's not really fair to call it social-democracy is it
Its a good idea to have several maps while your playerbase is decreasing Reminder: Pots still doesn't have a map selection
"Please bring me thai food. Tomorrow I'm working until 6, then I'll get some Thai food and watch hockey for the rest of the night Sunday I'll be in the studio with my buddy working on our EP"
"Did they just fail at spelling in two languages? I'm not sure which bothers me more: the content, or the spelling."
A man does not wear chinos. A Visual Guide to a Basic Wardrobe
"Instructions unclear, I now have diabetes. Step 1: Drink obscene amounts of Mountain Dew"
"Don't know if you've heard, but X-Men Origins was bad. LOGAN director: ""If you're lookin' to get your rocks off and wanna fuck good, then this is the movie for you"""
"What I don't get is why he got headphones with a 3.5mm if they were supposed to be USB when he bought them. ""So you put a round peg in a square hole?"" There is A TIFU about someone short circuiting a computer and blowing it up... Here's my story: I had started working on the IT desk for the rest of the afternoon and I see the first issue. ""Audio won't come out of my PC"" So I go to the IT class and see that the USB port has been broken... The male part of the usb port had snapped and came off... I thought there was something odd. I played music through some headphones I had and that brought up a blue screen of death. I took this desktop up to the work room but I then looked at who logged it. A student who had only just started college. He was also the first person that year to use that computer and the first person to sit at that computer. (We had a look at the CCTV) One of the other guys picked it up and asked me to come with him to speak to the guy who did it: IT guy: ""Can you explain to me why the USB port is broken"" Student: ""Ya, I put my headphones in there...' It guy: ""In the USB port?"" Student: ""Yes its a USB headphones"" Me: ""is it a round headphone jack?"" Student: ""Yes its was sold as a USB headphone... I brought it from amazon and I got it today so I thought I would try it out... When I realised it didnt go run there, I put it in the round port."" IT guy: ""So you put a round peg in a square hole?"" Student: ""Yup"" He ended up getting disciplined for it. No idea how much but I haven't seen him around and I ended up replacing the motherboard in that computer... TLDR: Student breaks USB port"
"How do you know any of those women support separatism? Heh, when talking about everything it's DNR, but when about pensions only Ukraine. People think that they can support separatism, don't pay taxes and even separate from country, but still expect to get money from them... This guy at start pretended, that he just want to show when Ukrainian news are biased or lying. But he's just ordinary propagandist."
Acting! It's just a flesh wound
Im at 200 but i sit at around 170-190 full because of all of these dam scrolls and crystals that im saving for my characters Everyone's box capacity this early on? I'm currently at 130 right now and with all these colour crystals and character crystals I'm at full capacity so gonna have to extend further X) just wondering what everyone else's box limit is at right now?
"One problem, what he's saying is not in 60FPS. So a peasant tried to imitate us..."
"Dumbasses Leftist open carry in Austin, Texas"
"Upvoted for forthwith. The joke is that the characters in the movie also didn't know that the website existed, and were attempting to create their own website with the same functionality. The future brother-in-law of the main character, however, alerted said character of the website's existence; the endeavor was suspended forthwith."
I'ma..... pull up.... wit dat..... stick and.... Hitcho...... Mutha fuckin... Rich Chigga
"They're so used to being big that they don't know how much it holds them back from being able to complete the most mundane tasks. Too many people seem to think if you can see bone you're too skinny....... A fat girl I know said it was gross that I had a hollow under my arm, you know an armpit! I guess fat people just have a fat there?"
"The 60's seems like a pretty great time for social change but watching all those young hippies grow up to become bankers and stock brokers who voted for Reagan must have been painful for a lot of genuine radicals alive in that time. I tripped and listened to Jimi Hendrix a few days ago and thought ""man I wish I lived in the 60's"". You know, hippies and all that. Maybe the 60's were fucked tho, I don't know."
Yes. Is jaywalking going over the street without the white stripe marker thingys?
"#GET THIS PATRIOT A 10 GALLON HAT. Thank you, I feel very safe and am extremely happy here. Fuck all previous countries I used to live in, I am willing to die for Texas/the United States."
Kill it with FIRE! Football porn for Geelong supporters (NSFW)
"Agree to disagree, I guess. They really can't. You're correct in saying that neither should be expected to ""shoulder the blame"" for the actions of all other feminists or all other men, but there's no reason why a male should be able to use the positive things men have done as a reason to identify with the male gender whereas there's every reason why a feminist should be able to use the positive things feminists have done as a reason to identify with feminism. There's an inherent difference between an ideology and a gender which makes your response to the OP completely inapplicable."
Doesn't exist. What is a weird thing your pet does?
no In separate versions. 1. Scrub version (Red) 2. Elite version (Black) 3. Fanservice version
"I believed you mean ""venom sacs"". And some pretty sick titsss."
"The problem is - when doing bounties I have never lost WEEKS of progress... Indeed, this is why it probably would never be a thing in ED. And, if they implemented this, then the next request would be recovery of bounty data as well."
"""You ain't ready"" for this one pump chump. Met this guy at a concert. He was mad I wouldn't come back to his hotel."
cannot Spleen
"I'm on mobile can't remember my log in derails Can't view FA? WHAT KIND OF FURRY ARE YOU? XD Maybe later, on mobile now."
\#SoEdgyItHurts Because I need to be entertained between heroic ques somehow. I love killing people that are catching squirrels in Val Sharah. Or teaming up on a boss with a member of the opposite faction just to blow my Cooldowns on them when it reaches 5%.
The gasp factor. Some people love being brutally honest for the brutality.
"easier said than done. This may blow your mind, but you can be single and still have sex."
"Lelic in a nutshell. ""Let's just throw everything the community wants in one commander, that'll fix all those complaints"""
"optimist Damnit, now we're going to go 3-13 instead of 4-12!"
"Doesnt make em less dead if they die on the way to help instead of getting shot and killed once they've arrived to help. Although ""in line of duty"" also includes traffic accidents and such.."
"Except that all the changes this week were good. Wait, something not related to criticals? Something that's legit good? Weird."
If you wall you can see a short change in stance when scoping in and out.. This makes me wonder if there are cheats out there that show you if the enemy is scoping or not..
Oh wow. It's the same guy. He seems to have gained a lot of weight.
You could have paused it any any point when that actor is on screen and it would have looked like this. Was watching Breaking Bad and paused it perfectly!
She switched Instagram a long time ago though :( Vine is going down. Give it a few months.
"Oh this might be useful :) Autohotkey: ;ctrl+alt+f4 ^!f4:: WinGet EXENAME, ProcessName, A runwait taskkill /F /IM %EXENAME% return No black screen or annoyance for me. Just don't use it on chrome or something. It's pretty aggressive"
"With water it seems. attention, pay world."
"Unless he's playing the historic game length, where he'll be defensible like that for ~200 turns. only until optics though"
"""I was going to start regularly donating blood once I turned 16, but I think painting school projects with it would be much more productive."" Your highest rated comment is your 2020 Presidential campaign slogan, what is it?"
What about the S4 mini? I sure hope so. From time to time I find myself wanting an S4 in just a little bit smaller size.
"Reply to her with photos of you relaxing and doing fun stuff. Selfish sister sends long text attack saying I'm a bad sister because I'm always too busy to babysit or come to her house. I've recently started graduate school, which (as anyone knows) takes up a fuck-ton of time. I also work full-time. On the off-chance I have time for myself, I plan (often times months in advance) outings with a friend or more for fun things. I also post these pictures on facebook, which my sister can see. The other day, we were texting and something I said sparked something where she went on an hour long text tirade about how shitty of a sister I am because I'm always too busy to help with emergency babysitting and how I come up with every excuse to not come over and hang out. 1 - My sister and I are polar opposites in everything. 2 - She's sensitive as all hell (example is the long ass texts she sent) 3 - She's got two kids under 6 that have a shit load of energy, get in major fights with her (I'm talking screaming matches), and don't listen to anyone (even their mom). Naturally, this stresses me the fuck out (I do love them to bits, but I'm childfree for a reason). I see them when she comes over my mom's house, which is enough for me until they get much older. It hurt to read all that and I felt like an asshole of a sister, but at the same time why should I force myself to hang out with someone I don't get along with? And why should I force myself to spend more time than I have been with little kids that won't even listen to me if they ran out into the middle of the street?"
"What you're basically describing is high-school algebra, khanacademy would be a good place to learn more about equation solving and so forth. Is there a subsection of algebra such as this one? Hi, I like solving quadratics, biquadratics, simultaneous equations among other similar such mathematical problems. However, I strongly dislike problems that utilise graphs. I want to enjoy maths, but I can't really do that if the problems I try to solve annoy me. Is there a subsection of algebra that strictly sticks to pure mathematical operations with no visual stuff like graphs and sketches? Complexity doesn't really matter as long as it sticks to the same model of solving. Lastly, sorry for the newbie question. I tried to look for a more relevant subreddit but couldn't really identify one. Thank you for your time!"
"If it is medically necessary as deemed by a doctor, than fine, OHIP can cover it. Only if you ignorantly consider abortion to only be an elective surgery or forget that it can be medically necessary."
My hands What do you use as a DIY sex toy?
Fuck yeah. General Luck's Correspondence - Week 11
If you think Lyte fucked up then you clearly don't remember how fucking terrible this community was a couple years ago. Fucks up the game then leaves. Classic.
Veromos Devilmon my Zarioss or Veromos? I can only auto Dragon b8 giants and b7 Dragons
Those are legitimate nice looking stickings Jada Stevens
"The west can't just ban a game mod Lol this sounds ridiculous !!!! + if this is real it will be highly illegal in the west i would have thought, just out of principle. Either way i will try to find and play this :)"
what the fuck was that thing NSFW saw this in wtf this has to be Woodys dream girl
The Around the NFL Podcast gives a shoutout to [*random subscriber of this subreddit*] Money drops? They said in the last podcast they needed more money drops. Let's get a big suggestions post going!
amateur lol that ho is a pro ! Amateur with big boobs on bed
thats still gonna break your fucking ankles What if I told you...
It's almost like it's every 12 years or something! So was '81. Source: I'm a huge chicken.
"Alien Hominid bro. Oh my God, it's been forever since I've been on Newgrounds. I'm looking at the background cartoon and I recognize Tom Fulp, Zonetan, most of the toys, aaaand... that's it."
D2 Eververse. Do you know where I can buy some friends?
The Outlaw. WDIS pitta vs nyg or jesse james vs mia. im already playing coates.
"Or at least Cro-magnon, Denisovan and Neanderthal. Then we find out that humans are the product of some previously unknown intelligent race mixing two species together in a unethical experient. And Adam and Eve were the equivalent of them and a chimp and humans were the product :P"
As someone who got both a Darth Vader hoodie and Link hoodie for Christmas...I approve of this crossover. The Triforce Awakens
Jesus Christ Tambien se lo afano
I didnt even understand the OP... these 2 things have nothing to do with each other... you are welcome.
"Just imagine all those people who've done the same thing, had those same thoughts -- but who *didn't* survive... Yup, I heard that from a friend too. She didn't attempt suicide by jumping though, she took pills. She remembered everything going foggy and everything was a blur until she woke up in the hospital. She says she's only sure of one thing - a single clear thought in her head. ""I didn't need to do this."" She wanted to go back and get another chance. She was lucky she got that chance. This story has helped me change my mind a few times, to be honest."
California? Lol okay. Do you know where Palo Alto is?
He was just 1 week from retirement! Alright guys I assume this guy has a whole back story
A bit of both. srs or joke? Because an image like the one OP has linked to is deffo not something I'd want displayed at work and if that's the case I might bring this up in the next meta thread.
"""Oooh, what are we having for lunch?"" Not exactly, but yes, something to do with lunch."
"When did the website change :,) ManUtd Squad List 2014/15"
"I saw the OP, and it was contagious. Your grammar is atrocious."
"Ok cool, how do I keep the juice inside of the tank? I'd suggest re-wicking the whole thing and saturating the cotton fully before firing. That way if you're still getting the burnt taste you know it's coming from something else."
"Not really, they sparred his life. Yep. The two best killers in the world fought you, and you survive... it means you won."
"In short, Wassernan-Schultz-Clinton FAIL. Democratic Turnout Down 32% In Super Tuesday States Compared To 2008 -- Meanwhile, GOP turnout was up a monstrous 61 percent in Super Tuesday states compared to 2008 and up 73 percent compared to 2012."
He's already a senator and a huge future presidential candidate. Hope he likes politics because it's going to cost him millions in sponsors
"Either a centaur or a mermaid Ooh, that's cool. What form would you try to take on first?"
Thought it was 5? 7 fumbles in 2 games.
"My home planet was a Horsebutt :( Spent hours looking for a medium sized water world with only 12 sols for farming, Finally found one, BUTT the name of the system....."
"You can also visit r/niceguys for more empirical examples. Please define ""Nice Guy"" ?"
They would probably pull down a few city buildings and call it a new world order. What if absolutely everyone voted for Donald Trump (regardless of whether you support him or not) and Hillary still wins somehow and we prove once and for all that this shit is rigged?
"Favorite song by these guys, wish I could get a hold of their stuff on vinyl. Delta Sleep - 'Lake Sprinkle Sprankle'"
"How can Batman be so good and Prometheus be so terrible all in the same year. So reddit, What is the unexplained thing that you wonder the most. my personal is, how the universe was created. and if there is parallel universes (according to string theory) than how did the first universe was created. are we ever going to know the truth? i wonder about this every day."
Is it weird that in my head I read it in Hank's voice? I couldn't resist
"Thanks for the info. Her ult applies a poison that debuffs healing and applies a DOT. When one person dies, if you're in the radius, you get the poison attached to you."
Does this mean prostethic penises that look like the Tesla car charger can be a reality? Man fitted with robotic hand wired directly into his brain can 'feel' again
God needs beer money. Can't argue with that logic
"Those goals require dominance though, both the Russians' and the US'. Russia and the US have vastly different goals in Syria."
"We were on a BREAK! ""Once a cheater, ALWAYS a cheater""**"
The kid was born averaging 12 rebounds a game. he be working that 7-5
"*Bonerfied* Damsel Slayer? No, no I don't."
"Wouldn't it make more sense to say that about a candidate who doesn't already have billions of dollars? Last I check, Trump was definitely a weirdo billionaire. Part of me is morbidly curious how badly he'd screw over the country for the sake of his wallet. If Hillary gets the nomination, we'll find out *shudder*"
"Just hide the posts that don't interest you, haha. Can we make a subreddit exclusively for KF2 news so that I don't have to listen to people complain that the update isn't out yet?"
"No one said Indian was bad, it's just as good as US in most cases, if not second best For real? Fuckkkkkk i was hoping to save some on AI and PCT by getting indian pharma if it was as good as western ones anyway. How unreliable is unreliable? Slight errors in dosing? Or getting 2g dnp and lead instead of aromasin?"
:-------m-----D :D
"I tried and failed. Try Sanders, Bernard. Seeing the panama papers feeling the bern would be fucking HILARIOUS"
It heals when in cover i believe AlphaBridge Set bonus 2 - 100% Regen. Is it a bit or just me that I don't get this regen at all? Forever being stuck at 2 bars of health. Any help?
Cooper? The good Manning.
"I predict this is going to be trash, but who knows, I might be wrong. Live-Action Hollywood movie for Naruto Announced"
"They actually won a lawsuit against the practice of forcing them to buy two seats. As a tall skinny guy this infuriates me. I can take the fact that they are getting rid of my leg room. It is a business and I realize that I am on the one end of the bell-curve that gets shafted in these situations. Do you really see any uproar from this? Not really, which I again am completely alright with. On the other hand, if you were to take the fat guy who is sitting next to me. His rolls overflowing into my seat forcing me to lean my body out into the isle otherwise I would have to have his body touching mine which I really don't want and if you were to tell him that he had to pay more in order to sit in a wider seat (say a normal row of 3 but was fit with 2 wider seats) you would see that story all over the internet, news outlets, newspapers and so on. The headlines would read ""Are Airlines Discriminating Against the Overweight?"" People would gobble that shit up because most of Americans are lazy and overweight. Last I checked most people can do something about being overweight such as A.) Stop eating so damn much and B.) Get off the couch and do something physical. I can't really do anything about my height short of chopping my freakin legs off. /rant TL;DR - Force tall people to pay more to be comfortable. No one really cares. Force an obese person to pay more to make those around them more comfortable. Probably be a huge ass uproar about discrimination."
No Bi-Lo FTW Coles FTW
"Whoops this happened to me earlier so I called him a hacker as that's the only time Iv seen it since auto aim bots on cs source. Is anyone getting killed by models that are looking (at least) 90 degrees away from you? Since the big model/hitboxes update, I seem to get shot and killed by models who are turned away from you, and it is really throwing me off. It seems to be especially T models who get this bug, but maybe I simply notice it more because they are moving around more than CTs, and even more often when the Ts are pushing out of B aps on Mirage. It's really annoying, because sometimes when 2-3 ennemies are funneling out of a spot, I will focus on the one who I can see is looking straight at me while (it looks like) the other one is looking at a corner, but then get killed by that guy who wasnt looking at me. And it's not even them flicking really fast, because you will see the bullets comming from their model but the model looking away, so it's as if the models were bugged."
"We should be having upvote parties rewarding those who are leaving their computers and are creating/attending events in their cities...not the fluffiest of fluff, like this post. Upvote if you love Bernie's brooklyn accent!"
Yeah I've got Andre Reed in the slot right now still same?
"Hair growth thrives on people watching it, more people see the hair on your head than the hair on your fun bits, therefore it feels more motivated to grow. Why don't my pubes grow as long as the hair on my head?"
Polishing my hockey mask and sharpening my chainsaw. So what are you doing for good ol' Samhain I'm going out to some bonfires with the family then to watch some horror films with them for the rest of the night. Pretty comfy.
"I guess those are the only ones that would constitute as calm recently. I wouldn't even know what a ""calm Sunday"" is in the regular season... bye week?"
"I think Ozzie would love a salty first round pick! Does Harbaugh get super salty? If so, it's worth it."
"why are you disappointed? I'm so disappointed in the player base right now, not surprised just disappointed."
It's like MSNBC endorsing a democrat What's so important about MoveOn?
Peta Todd fails the pencil test but still stunning to look at
"Yeah, though Donna was on screen smoking at one point- but it ends up being all after-school-special-y and used as an indication that something is terribly wrong in her life... which it was, I guess. I think we all knew it was Hyde"
"^Seconded. So many people here are just assholes, plain and simple"
You spelt bacon wrong. MRW I smell pancakes downstairs and i'm still in bed.
"added you, my ign = Luesid Add me and I will add you back! Easy peazy lemon squisy Bux!! 1. UpVote this thread 2. add: ElGringoHood 3. I add you back 4. Gift party!"
Damage Inc. Metallica
I saw those at costco a while ago and I chuckled inside. I think my backpack knows...
"Cases are independent of skin drops you will get cases randomly during the week, but skins only drop once per week when you rank up. I had money in my account to buy a key, and saw I was just a few XP away from ranking up. So I hoped I'd get a case."
"Over priced, wonky parts for the price. OK WHY"
McNYPD Potatoes
"Shkle, shklim, or shkler. Marklar"
"My boss is waiting on his F350 platinum cclb to be delivered, and I was just told there isn't really enough money to give me the raise I was promised when I started.... Heh... Could have been a F350 Platinum CCLB dually! Or maybe that's what his boss's boss drives."
Lemme tell you about this cocaine I found Is this repetitive joke over now
"I've seen nothing but transphobia here, so he's not alone there either. I've seen nothing but distaste for Jennifer Lawrence on here recently so you're not alone there."
video has 144p? Student gets caught with weed in class and pulls out the race card in his defense. Fuck him.
What other site ? CSGOlounge vs. ESEA
"You had better'd adjust charts for inflation, or they won't be relevant at all. This is the kind of graph that needs copious amounts of context and backing figures, especially when dealing with inflation adjustments is involved, instead of just accepting at face value like some FOX news graphic."
babies What types of people do you refuse to take seriously?
"And it lasts forever, to balance it out it will have a 3.45 sec cd though. WD death ward no longer channeled, place and run away"
"[m] I might have over done it [META] that escalated quickly, but awesome job."
"Damn, am I the only being told that I must return mine...even got a box for it lol I am super confused about returning my note 7 on verizon So Verizon gave me the automatic upgrade, went ahead and ordered the Pixel XL (love it by the way, butter for days), and they sent me the Pixel... but didn't send a box to return the Note 7. Am I missing something? In the past they have always sent one. Do I need to take it into a store? Can I... keep it? I'd love to hold onto it as a wifi machine."
"This is so adorable. ""I can do it too!"""
What? Yargnit did this around my Minmus Sprinkle mod.
"There are already bots that solve captchas if a bot developer decided they wanted to be able to complete random events, otherwise they can just lodestone and lose another few percent efficiency. Captcha and handwriting are not the same thing. Captcha have spots and static to disrupt mechanical reading of it."
bruh *The Chart* claims another victim...
"I think that beginner piano techniques are a lot easier than guitar but at the pro level, piano is a lot harder. Pianos have a big interface between you and the strings that are hammered. The interface is so good that you can actually have a MIDI piano that sounds exactly like a real piano these days. What the OP is trying to say is that the learning curve of the piano is a lot smoother than other instruments because anyone can sit down and make some sounds with a piano. If you give someone a guitar or a violin, they will have a bad time - specially if it's a steel stringed guitar - they really hurt your fingers when you start playing. Both hands in the piano kinda 'do the same thing', so the only reason you need to synchronize your hands is when you have melodies that talk to each other. On the guitar this is the complete opposite. Your right hand (or leading hand) has all the rhythm in it, your left hand might just hold a note - exactly like it's done in guitar hero. But if you have some complex passages, then both your hands need to synch perfectly or else you'll get no sound. I am by no means an expert in pianos, but I can say that guitar has a LOT more of techniques because of the interface: you touch directly the strings and you play them directly with your fingernails (or a pick). Just for starters, in classical flamenco guitar you have the Rasgueado technique, which is one of the hardest techniques to master, it makes full use of your right hand and if not done properly, it can really hurt your arm and shoulder. There are techniques where the acoustic shell is used as percussion during the song (Newton Faulkner makes some use of this during his performance of Bohemian Rhapsody). You can even use your left hand to 'tap' some notes (check Joe Satriani's Midnight). You can even use your left hand's thumb to hold some impossible chords (I think there are two cases in Heitor Villa Lobos' Etude No1 where this should be done). And I'm just talking about what I learnt from 4 years of classical studies, when go into blues you have slide guitar players that use bottle necks to make their sounds. Pianos have their own techniques, but most of them are variations of hitting a single note. There's nothing out of the ordinary like guitars have. Again, the piano interface is so good that it's used extensively with electronic music, the actual keys you play and how hard you press them (velocity) are the most basic concepts of MIDI. **tl;dr: what the op means is that with 3 months of piano lessons you'll be able to play a lot more than having 3 months of guitar.**"
"Bots might try to attack with their 0 attack minions too causing an arrow to appear. The biggest tell is when they point an arrow towards their hero power, or towards their own hand."
hype! Jul 20 02:30 UTC - Awalk's #1 Vanilla To2
"Look at this nub not getting a burrito bowl. I'd say go to chipotle, but it's probably only messy for me because I devour my burrito in 3 minutes because I want to eat it all before I get full"
At my work looking at someone the wrong way is considered 'bullying' I've never run into a case of bullying as an adult. Does it really happen that much?
"sooooo never? Yes, after all the NiP fanboys die."
Word I don't care about your dumb private stories. I want to know about the stupid shit you've seen lieutenants get into
Salves What high priced luxury item would you never buy even if you had immense wealth?
I'm full If you are part time expect a lot of short shifts :(
He looks like a young Gilbert Gottfried Kid Grabs Natalya Plot on Main Event
"He's a lich, so it's not like it's permanent. When I was reading the bible and someone told me that Jesus dies. God dammit"
Is there such a thing as a good batch of heroin? Necrotizing Fasciitis (Flesh Eating Disease). My friend's mother was infected by a bad batch of heroin that was smuggled inside of dead bodies. She lost of ton of skin and the doctors expected her to die. She survied.
"What? That idea you had last night that doesn't sound so good this morning? It probably was actually a good idea. Next time when you get one like that, make yourself a pot of coffee and stay up all night working on it. Walk around like a zombie the next day if need be. It's worth it."
If you read the article you will see that the city is being sued. Why is he suing her and not the city?
"people probably , he is playing it smartly - he is calling for governments and hoping that people will put pressure on their governments to step up their game against IS people of the ME is majorly anti-USA and anti-Israel , regardless of their governments position He knows this and he is playing it smart there are like 2-3 countries in region that are against US-Israel. who is he calling for fight?"
Technically.... Realistic What's the opposite of a visionary?
Or read Mises website long enough. clearly they haven't watched enough YouTube videos!
"OK cool, I'll have a look into it, might be interesting :) You could probably hack that up too. But you can write scripts in blender or load them in and run them."
"Not sure if serious, but considering the Cowboys were trying to get Paxton Lynch and lost out to the Broncos, interesting response. Yes"
You're fine with discrimination against a particular religious group? It's private property. They have every right to forbid people from hiding their faces. What makes you think otherwise?
"I'm so happy there's going to be no more ""Ramsey doing awful shit and is infallible."" HE'S DEAD HE'S FINALLY FUCKING DEAD"
No place is safe from quality loss jokes. But Panthers have that quality loss to a good South eastern team
"I second this. This is what I try to do. If I have a friend who is like ""I don't know what my next gaming machine should be,"" I tell them, ""PC, here's a boat-load of reasons why..."" I feel like people get kind of put off by a lot of PC gamers because, well, they act like pretentious, snobby assholes who take the ""master race"" and ""peasant"" thing seriously. I don't care for the people who are not willing to even listen to the other side's argument. Close-mindedness is a big problem in gaming communities in general, and I think we should try to be better than that."
The Italian judicial system is not one often touted as a model to be emulated. How this ever got a conviction in the first place is beyond me. I wish earthquake prediction was at the level the first court imagined.
She seems really chill about it all things considered. Russian girl with an outside heart coughs
Pardon Granted dear sir. I stand corrected; pardon me.
"at level 2 you cant 1v1 right click him because of essence shift, and he can easily get kills with another hero because pounce. Strong early game heroes. His laning stage is very weak unless paired with a good support. He has terrible base stats and stat gain so harassing him pre-6 really hurts. Wards. The less vision you have the happier Slark is, thanks to his ult. He will know where your wards are, thanks again to his ult, but it's unlikely that he will actually start dewarding at low MMR. Slark thrives off of ganking and lone pickoffs - don't let the snowball start rolling and he'll be useless all game long. Play safe. Slark has crazy solo kill potential with only a few items and levels, but if you don't give him the chance to find you alone he'll never get the kills he needs. Silences. Slark relies on his Q and R to purge stuns, stay alive, and cause trouble. Anyone with a long silence or who builds Orchid is big trouble for Slark. This is probably the easiest way to counter him. Doom, Silencer, and Storm Spirit are all great for this purpose. TP scrolls. Just like Bloodseeker, Slark can keep you from moving but not from TPing out of his leash. Start the channel as soon as he sees you and if you're not low HP already you'll probably be fine. (I don't think pounce breaks TP channeling, correct me if I'm wrong.)"
Working as intended Just got deranked after having a 8 game win streak a couple of games before
"Salt, everyone always forgets how handy it is until there is no more. I think I already live in a good location that I could easily live completely off grid if I had to. What are items you would suggest are a MUST HAVE essentials? I live on 80+ acres, farm ground, timber, pond, fish, wildlife everywhere. Everything I would need is already here. However if I would need a list of essentials to live completely off grid what would be your suggestions?"
Red Lobster has bigger wine glasses with 6oz and 9oz marks on the side 9 oz wine pour?????
"Holy shit. Recently: What commercials have the opposite effect on you and make you not want to buy the product? But we're just a bunch of tin foil hatters, am I right?"
"KG, PP, Ray Ray and Ron Ron. Is this the first time we have a ""Big 4"" superteam? historically it has always been big 2 or 3, no superteams have been 4 legit star players like Klay, Curry, KD, and Green"
F i dye evry tym :(
"I already donated another $10, if you are waiting Yes and no. I'm asking for $1 donations from 8 people or dune kind of combination. That's less than what most will pay for a soda tomorrow from the convenience store. Until people start to realize that even $1 will actually make a difference, things won't change. We've all become accustomed to the thought process that our voice will never be heard. 5 more minutes guys. Can we raise $8 more dollars? This us not just about money, it's about empowerment again. We DO have a voice! You wouldn't believe all the negatives this post has been getting. It's funny that people are fearful of $8!"
"Upvoted for truth. Over software patents, probably not. Over drug and medical device patents, millions of people have almost certainly already died."
"Me either, but for other (just as deep) reasons. *I cant even go to taco bell*"
Anything can carry in Silver if you play it well. Best SoloQ Champ for Silver Whats the best Role and the best Champ for it to Carry in SoloQ Silver (EUW). Would be nice if its not a boring tank. The role doesn't matter.
"A habit the probably picked up during the golden age of AOL A lot of old people I know double click *everything* then wonder why it isn't working right. Not to mention opening IE to ""start up the Internet"" then switch to Firefox."
"""a a a a a a"" - Gillyweed 2016 Why would you let Gillyweed cast the finals FailFish"
"Inb4 brojob copy pasta. Guys of Reddit, what's the best penis-prank you've pulled on a friend?"
Brainwashed extremists would find it a little difficult to understand. Doesn't matter. You don't ever hurt another person. Is that really hard to understand?
I swer on me mum i'll hook you rite in da gabbah m8. u wot m9
"I don't remmeber Arin complaining about the stamina bar in Bloodbourne, which seems somewhat hypocritical o.O I actually like the stamina mechanic... i mean if it wasnt a thing the later game would be way too easy..."
"Didn't he figure out how to keep logging in for a month or so after being banned? Like the jesus guild leader, he used to multiply items and modify the properties in others, he was reported by the jew guild and banned..."
President Obama could've grown up on one of Saturn's moons and he *still* would've been an American. Bernie also didn't grow up in Indonesia.
"so they're going to release a exp update with nobody in the office? Why not after the stream? If it's smooth enough for the streamers, then it should *definitely* be smooth enough for public EXP release."
"That's totally the plan, to use political muscle to dishonestly ""clear"" Hillary before the election. No matter what the FBI finds, a political appointee of the Obama Justice Department will ultimately make the decision of whether or not to prosecute Hillary. If the FBI refers the matter to the DoJ, but the DoJ refuses to prosecute, the public will not learn the facts that the FBI established."
Levels you get from completing daily challenges Can't find my bought decks. So I'm new and when I bought one of the pre-built's it doesn't show up in my available decks. also I've gotten a few boosters from trainer challenges and I wan't given a opportunity to open them. I'm also lvl 0 even though I've played a lot of vs and trainer challenge and quick match. Is this normal.
Fair enough. It's just interesting to theorise ya know but good points!
"Man, the implication of someone trapping that teddy bear under a trashcan is creepy. The Weird and Creepy World of Fallout 4"
"Yeah, he wasn't a great guest but jesus christ the autistic interpretation of his every word is painful. Underrated comment. People in this thread are taking every word Cernovitch said 100% literally. He was making generalizations based on his perspective."
"It's from threadless I like me too. You seem pretty cool as well, where'd you get it? :)"
"Barca and Real have been on him for a while, we deffo need to keep him Hopefully we can hang onto Gomes! Keep reading that Barca is going to try and lure him away"
Clickbait title is clickbait Best. PPE. EVER!
"""neigh"" Hey... You kids wanna buy some drugs?"
Didn't The Guardian break the Ed Snowden story? The Independent and The Guardian somehow manage to be worse than MSNBC and Fox here in the states. it's amazing they are taken seriously
"People are insecure and dont want somebody getting the same props as them for reps. Agreed, it's very important for people to understand the power of being offensive. Saying something offensive yet full of truth comes off as strong and fearless. Life's rough, you can't always be playing defense."
"I can hold a moderate amount of liquid. Your username is now your super-hero name. What is your super-power? You and you alone must face the injustice that plagues your streets/ galaxy, armed with whatever name you chose to call yourself, what can you do in the fight against crime?"
Stool So did Antonio Gates... ppl forget that
I see what you did there. Hes also a winger
OPPAN GANGNAM STYLE OPOPOP fappin to kpop
you sound like such an ass the way you say it Bolth
"Does that count as a post? Noticed cake day after 2 years, still nothing to post"
"I'm expecting something new. If Aurelian Sol's release skin isn't Star Guardian then I'm going to be pretty dissapointed I just want to see a sparkly dragon talk about crushing the galaxy, ok?"
"An insult to the walnut, really. Just your typical guy with the emotional maturity of a walnut."
"you know he's just no good, folks Good list. I agree with 3, too. If he sees an opening, he will go in with something brutal like the ""Jeb is a mess""."
"I THOUGHT WE WERE DONE WITH THIS. So we bought an RV at an auction, we found this under a bed compartment."
"I'm mildly interested in this for now... David Ayer, Margot Robbie Reteam for All-Female DC Villains Movie 'Gotham City Sirens' (Exclusive)"
"That does not translate into text well. Depends on where you work honestly, one of those tomato tomato sort of things."
"See, a good girlfriend would've shit her pants too so he isn't as embarassed. Hmm idk, to be honest I still have a special place for him in my heart but he did shit his pants at a local bar not too long ago so I think I lucked out on not being in a relationship with him. At least for that one night."
M E T A I thought you would be impressed
"Radeon HD 7700M :/ Weird, I could stretch high settings with 1080p on a laptop running a 960m. Maybe its a GPU thing?"
"Also, LeBron James. The Rock and Roll Hall of fame, and Ralphie's house from A Christmas Story, now a museum / leg lamp gift shop."
"Weird how IBM switched to a shit ton of Macs and they've saved more money by using them than using PC's, but I guess this random anecdote has just as much validity as a Fortune 500 company's reports. I work for my university's IT department. So. Much. Money. Wasted on these machines. And we have a windows infrastructure, so Macs only cause issues. Expensive, expensive issues."
"Great write-up, dude! Jacare's Guard Passing Breakdown"
"Lets see how long they hold it the 2nd time around. The Iraqi Army is having a lot of operational success recently. Ramadi, Hit, Rutbah, and now Fallujah. I hope I'm not speaking too soon, but it seems like they're actually getting their shit together and becoming a formidable organization. It just sucks that they had to lose half their country and all this horrible shit had to happen to so many innocents before they were forced to get themselves into shape. Mosul is still going to be one hell of a campaign, but hopefully with these decisive victories, morale will stay up. I hope the coalition training and the combat/operational experience the Iraqis and Kurds have been getting will help avert any disasters while retaking Mosul."
"Down 2 TD, seems like it should be more the way the few fans that have checked in have talked. Let's do this!!! What happened in your game?"
"Because League isn't Runescape? Why won't Jagex nerf the most common AP mids? Fizz, Kass, Zed, Orianna and Gragas. Or give us 10 bans. Too many OP champions and not enough bans"
I feel bad for the homie quietly running his hands through that flour. TRIPLE KILL
The current CEO started as a cart pusher. Can Cart Pushers get promoted if they work hard? so i been a cart pusher for about a month and i know i'm still new to the job but is it possible to get promoted if you keep working hard and im not trying to move up to fast just wondering'
Stepford WTW for someone who is constantly happy to the point that it's creepy I have this one friend and I'm sure there must be a word for her...
How are the Boosts? December Pickups so far
"Do you seriously call yourselves 'muzzies'? As a Muzie who doesn't know what he can do to please his conservative ""friends"" on facebook because he doesn't know any other muzzies around him who would ever condone an attack on innocent people, who are just everyday people trying to make sure their kids get fed, who works and goes to school and does muay thai, this pleases me."
Only if his place is on another team. Can someone at least put him in his fucking place?
"never heard of him before this comment, great find ty That sounds like a Mitch Hedberg quote!"
"Oh, I thought you were making a joke. I'm just talking about the shitty thrown-together looking shirt &amp; hat with cheaply made looking patches"
"I remember being in Panama and seeing a PolyStation for sale. While on holiday in Crete, I present the PX-3600."
"Nice straw man argument there Yeah, they need to STFU and leave the racists and bigots alone."
M A G N U M D O N G Vikings got a monster D.
Shit I hope you're not serious. Discussion is what we're all here for!
"""Hi, Im Chris Christie"" If every congressman acted like their state's stereotypes"
But now they're smoking ironically That's just how you get a bunch of kids smoking.
"But Babcock didn't make this trade, Shanny/Dubas did. Red Wings fan here; You guys should trust in Babcock he knows what hes doing."
I should send an e-mail. We got that sweet souvenir cup cash.
This is gonna be fucking amazing Kanye West will be on the Breakfast Club tomorrow.
"Make no mistake he was running from the debate, But it was from Ted Cruz not Megyn Kelly. He complains the second they don't love him. He skipped a debate because he was afraid of the questions they were asking him, then played it off like he was skipping it because he was better than them, and he wanted to ""raise money for veterans"". What a load of horse shit."
TONS OF YELLING LOUD NOISES
"I noticed your form is a little off, OP. Probably the only way I could ever be a successful athlete is if I could masturbate professionally"
he was molested by a priest iirc This isn't new though. His entire campaign he's been anti-Catholic church. (Okay saying he's gonna start his own church is new but being against the Catholic Church was one of his talking points)
"Ah, alright, thx for the info Why is gadgetzan such a bitch to me tho ;-; Each set has an individual timer. Your Malygos only affects your Classic pack timer and I believe the golden legendary pity timer is also separate from the normal legendary pity timer. Just bad luck!"
It just looks like screwing their customers over to me. That sounds pretty effing smart to me.
Let's just let them both take each other out. Trump Says Carson's Temper Can't Be Cured Like Child Molesting
"""I really shouldn't have fucked all those hookers, my balls are on fire."" Motorcyle spontaneously catches fire and biker jumps off"
"Po-ta-TOE, po-TAT-oe - I think it varies depending on where you come from. No, the pronunciation is the same."
The internet can take you on all kinds of adventures Well that was fun.
"From what we have seen so far, I don't think he has much competition. No."
"That depends, would you still need me/feed me when I'm 64? If you could stay the same age forever, what age would that be?"
"In context of the show, what season(s) are covered? For the price the PC game is a fun way to kill time. Definitely the best Avatar game title out there but that's not saying much. The combat system once you unlock all the bending is really fun and the Run Naga Run sections are the best Sonic game to come out in years (again not saying much). Pro bending also gives is some interesting variety. What holds it back are repetitive enemies and boss fights, a short play length of about 6 hours, and (as expected from a license game) a really half-assed plot. While Janet Varney continues to do a great job voicing Korra it feels like Jinora's VA really phones it in. Also any characters but those two have practically no presence in the plot. If your worst opinion of the DS game was ""meh"" and you enjoy Platinum's style of beat-em-ups I'd recommend taking advantage of this sale. The short playlength is somewhat mitigated by letting you keep your bending levels on subsequent playthroughs, adding replayability to the game and also making it alot easier to complete the harder difficulties."
I'm not saying otherwise but he said he only played ine game as a CDM. That Sevilla game was the reason Ramos doesn't play CDM anymore
"Oh, you know... Like a Rick Roll inside your mind? I definitely think Triplemint Gum should be a recurring thing. Not necessarily the tune every time, just enough to subconciously mess with people"
"Didn't GinaMarie think that the Oscar Mayer guy bought them for her? No, she was pretty upfront about having bought them."
"This is gonna be insane! RIT standing by, with capacity crowd of 4,300 expected in a few hours against Colgate, and when the university president will dye his hair orange for us."
Looks like Ohio to me. Saw this van in a parking lot as I left the store and I knew I had to post it here...
"He didn't lose us the game, but he sure as fuck didn't help us win. Patrick Lewis emotional after the game"
"What about Magicka, Meatboy, Frozen Synapse, Machinarium, DotA, LoL, Shank, Trine, Defense Grid, The Binding of Isaac, ect.... How many times does it need to be repeated for it to stop being an exception? True. But that is the exception, not the rule. To compare it to movies, for every Blair Witch Project there are a thousand Avengers and Dark Knights"
"well, sign in to game center that's it How do I get rid of this from popping up every time I play a game? It's extremely annoying."
"Not enough kids to support the old /thread In Korea, Changes in Society and Family, are Driving Elderly to Suicide"
benjamin button What movie can you watch over and over that never gets old?
New Haven ! Do you know a good place to be mugged?
I don't think it's a good career move to announce to the world you are an uncreative photographer. I use [lastname] Photography since I'm uncreative and couldn't think of a good name. I'd prefer a creative easy to remember name but no.
"Read the rules before posting kid Hackers on Kappa (EU), spread awareness!!"
THIS IS A LIE OR A GREAT COINCIDENCE. I am eating one right now. It is excellent.
492 Thank you so much! Giveaway: Fallout 4! Comment a number between 1-1000. Winner to be picked in 5 hours!
"That was unbelievable. Playoffs Round 2, Game 6 (DO IT FOR LOVE edition), Cleveland Cavaliers (3-2) @ Chicago Bulls (2-3), 5/14/2015, 8:00 PM E.T. on ESPN"
"Please tell me this ""kid"" you were talking about is hypothetical. Maybe this is a parent thing then, but how is this a success for you if the child is three years old? It could barely make a decision on what it wants to eat, let alone what type of person it wants to be."
Didn't realize Korea was spelled EU. cry my friend. EU first and NA last like at worlds :=)
"Well like I said you're entitled to that opinion, but you shouldn't lie to make your case. Who trusts her? As many people as Trump. Obama backs it. So does her VP and she's juiced up with corporate money to the tits. Take a wild guess what will happen. She'll ""evolve"", you'll get burned and in 8 years vote for the same type of clown."
"I imagine someone doing something like this, but it just an elaborate ruse to show his dick. I was waiting for a guy with his dick out on Chatroulette to try and use it like a joystick for this game."
Didn't the update the drifter to be able to go up if you double tapped space? I don't think he could get the altitude he needed could he?
"Sorry, I didn't mean to hijack your post here... LOL Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww"
It's a repost from like a month ago lol Who knows? Maybe she hasn't grown at all in the last couple years and has nothing better to dress up as.
Wishbone? Adopted a new puppy. He needs a name!
"Nhamlet, 32 hunter LF2M for Nightfall As title states, leave psn for party invite"
What specialty...gonna put that and VI on mine I put civ 5 on Eras. Came up during interviews. It was awesome
"""Whore"". What's the movie title? Lol that shit was funny"
"Try putting disc 2 in if it then installs the DLC you will be good to go, if not uninstall and start again with disc 2 only. So should I uninstall disc one or can I just insert disc two and play?"
"Dude, you can't make submissions which show Palestinians to be anything less than saintly heroes on Reddit or the thought police and anti-Semites will get you. Hamas Thugs Kill Fatah Thugs in Gaza. Jews don't kill Palestinians; Palestinians do."
"My first thought when i saw the lawyer was that Fisk sent him to Cottonmouth, trying to start doing business with him. Wilson Fisk and Cottonmouth"
So no it's just full time asshole. Akira Corassani announces MMA retirement following UFC on FOX 14 loss
For kids that age I would get them a WiiU or DS because you won't really have to worry about kid friendly games but if you actually mean that you're gonna buy a PS4Pro for 4K Netflix when your kids aren't playing it then go for it and buy Ratchet and Clank and Minecraft Grabbing a PS4 Pro for my kids - No idea what games to get.
"It's a legitimate word and it's a great thing to have drive, but cunts like this guy keep making us associate it with douchiness. Every one of those cunts is ""aspiring"". I've started hating this word."
"So if you are the youth pastor you should know the difference between holy matrimony and legal marriage Why does that matter? They mad they're mistakes, that doesn't justify your point just because of other peoples transgressions. I don't blindly listen, to a youth pastor. I am the youth pastor. Lol"
Worked out pretty well in my experience. Shower sex. Water is a terrible lubricant.
Rutherford is usually available laterish and turns out good somewhat frequently Best OF in the 2016 draft? I'm in favor of drafting the best hitter possible in drafts and I want to know who generally has the most success when drafted.
"Hmm, one wonders from which perspective. This is the story of my life right here."
"If it's not priced high they'll take like half a year before they release it Nice ad, hopefully the price on the XZ will be manageable.."
"The other way is literally painful, so yeah. That still sounds like the most awkward, unintuitive thing ever, but if it works for ya I guess I can't say much."
"Trump supporters have no decency or patriotism. At long last, have you left no sense of decency?"
"Is ""bruh"" English? Hold on bruh, can you write that in English?"
That's the only future potential this case has and it might not even happen considering the heavy criticism Valve received with the introduction of it. waiting for that sweet R8 buff?
That's his upvote hand. That orange left hand though
Democracy - RIP TPP: This is a fight worth joining
"It turned out it was only Dwight, a bad guy who has half his face burnt off. Daryl Dixon may bring his crossbow to the Walking Dead comics"
"I'm toxic nobody will notice do you even play on eu server? except the fuck you, ive never seen a kys or cyka blyat in chat. occasionally someone writes cancer, but thats really rare."
You have some great New York boobs. relaxing shower
Happy cake day! You might be right....
The advertising campaign that keeps on giving... how is this the top comment? MailChimp: the movie.
"He came clean about the brake part by simply crossing out the relevant bit, admitting he made a mistake, however nowhere else in his post do I see him claiming there was no one else in the car. i never said she pulled the handbrake. I said he's full of shit for claiming there was no one else in the car, when their very clearly is. So let me lay this all out plain and simple: 1) OP of the thread claims a GF was in the car and pulled the handbrake. There is no evidence to support she pulled it. 2) OP of this comment thread claims there was no gf in the car, and originally claimed the handbrake was not even pulled (which he has since edited). He claims the driver was the only one who did anything, and that not only was the passenger innocent, but that there wasn't even a passenger. This is clearly wrong as we can see from both the video and the GIF that there in fact was a passenger in the car. 3) I have no clue what the fuck happened. All we know is there was a driver, there was a passenger, they were both most likely drunk, and the handbrake was pulled resulting in a crash. That's it. For both OP's to claim they know what happened means they are both full of shit."
"Man, that thing looks like a GM. I like the claws now O.o"
Why? Name it Lokai.
"What do you mean by pre-jump fire? MGE Public service announcement! MGE is for players who want to improve, not for people who want to 20-0 people using cheap tactics. Unwritten rules: -Do not pre-jump fire on spire -Do not use the direct hit on spire or endif. If you do the latter please uninstall Team Fortress 2 -Do not attempt to airshot your enemy upon their respawning on endif. If you do this (especially with the direct hit) please uninstall Team Fortress 2. -If your opponent goes AFK for a second, please control yourself and refrain from firing until both players have ""Go! Go! Go!""'d. They are likely changing loadouts. These are some of the very basic rules that are really just common etiquette in MGE. Like I said, the point is for players to improve, specifically for competitive, not for people to go 20-0 using the Air Strike on viaduct or some shit. Thanks and happy MGE'ing."
I use the /oos macro (shift+d) so if attack is on my left click I would stand there attacking like a clown when ever I used my /oos macro Why Left Click as Move? Why do players use left click as move? I'm trying to get used to it and I see a lot of players use left click on move on youtube and twitch. I'm used to having an attack on my left click and clicking around to move. I have tried left click as just move but it is hard for me to get used to. Any help or input is appreciated! Thanks!!
I'll try in a few moments. So then no need to cut it out. Just unscrew the cage.
"Your words cut deep Bet you're nice to console users too, ya filth"
"Last whisper works on your spells, black cleaver doesn't. Which item do you prefer/think is better, The Black Cleaver or Last Whisper? So I've been thinking lately about this. Last Whisper of course bypasses more armor than BC when it's comes to really tanky champs (it's like -80 if the champ has 200 armor) while BC is locked to only fixed 45 armor reduction if you hit the champ 3 times. But in the current standard meta where there are usually 2 really tanky champs at late game when jungler gets some gold, which one really is the better item from standpoint of an AD carry when it comes to maximum damage? Why LW seems to be the more popular choice? And when/why should you pick one over the other? IMO: I prefer BC over LW, the reduction of BC for me to seems be enough to deal tanks and it gives more power to fight the enemy AD-carry."
"I didn't say it wasn't relevant because it wasn't new, I said it was irrelevant because it's common. Does every post have to be about the *newest news*? How about the progress of CLEAN energy technology, and the way it's taking over other 'dirty' forms of energy technology? Don't be silly. We're not cooking over a fireplace anymore, times have moved on. When I post about the use of fire from wood as an energy source, you can chastise me..."
Virus warning! Build-A-Bear tells kids north pole will melt and Santa will go away.
File a report with the game warden and cancel your credit cards. What if that deer stole your wallet?
But then the numbers wouldn't add up to 75. Seems kinda arbitrary since 48 hours is just another two days. Doesn't really make sense with 16 days coming after that.
"what if the 360 camera was on Dan's erection Okay, I think GG fans are getting a bit too creepy at this point"
Thank fuck that they never made the anniversary update mandatory Meanwhile on r/Windows10
*Ultrawide* 1440p 144Hz The answer is always 1440p 144hz.
Thats the fastest way but you can also hit the home button and press the menu button for the party app and snap it. I wanted this option bad. Glad to see it was added! Good job MS
"""1 file failed to verify and will be reacquired"" ""Installing Microsoft DirectX..."" Shit... Still nothing... :( That's weird. Doesnt happen to me. Try Verifying the Integrity of the Game Cache"
No - it was Mashed Infant that night. I thought Brain Bleed was the opening act.
No luck in France either... But I hadn't let my hopes carry me away... ^(*cries deeply in a corner*) Error Loading Feed Maybe US only? Any Canucks able to watch it?
"I believe he plays on Hard Dumb question here. You've probably talked about it and I somehow missed, but I'm at episode 3 right now, and haven't seen the game difficulty. Are you playing on Very Hard? You seem to one shot a lot of enemies by aiming at their bodies. Just curious. Either way kudos to you, very entertaining channel and challenge. I'm yet to be able to get past the tutorial without taking damage, let alone complete the whole game."
"I guess you could line up every person in the world today, show the the head shots of both, and tally the results. is there any way to measure ""famous""? there is no objective way i think. maybe by recognition? similar to brand recognition?"
"I've seen rec players make that pass many times, often times more accurate than curry did Someone makes this pass in literally every city league game I play in. That's seriously a very easy pass to make and I guarantee you could do it with a little bit of practice."
"You don't, you just have to change the client language (text language actually, which you can change while ingame). Geez, I need to switch to a German server. Those are awesome server names."
"A-10 is great, but there is some truth in the fact that they are becoming incredibly expensive to maintain. When Donald says we need to give our troops the equipment they want this is what he means. Our troops LOVE the A-10 and we have spent over a trillion on a non-flying turkey f-35. We need to be efficient with our spending."
"When everyone is special, no one is. Not gonna lie, sounds like it's trying too hard to sound deep when it to me sounds more pretentious ""I'm a special snowflake"" attitude. Could have went so many ways, like... We're all different shapes but we're all 4 blocks in the inside. Or like we can succeed even though we're all different. OP's quote is exact opposite of the point of Tetris, if we don't fit the blocks, we lose cause it turns into a mess we can't solve eventually."
Made it based on u/priceQQ idea. Marshall with a banana
Not when my GM is made in China and Mexico or China and Canada. Actually - Ford and GM pay 'em more.
"What would somebody hoping to avoid seeing NXT Osaka results possibly expect when clicking a thread entitled ""NXT Osaka results""? Spoilers man"
LeBronze James WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMAN LIFE.
A David Attenborough film following Yoda when he first arrives on Dagobah and discovers the local fauna. I want special Yoda's movie with jungle animals and stuff.
this question is all that matters when can i play alien ant world
Especially for gay people coming out to family and friends who voted no over the holidays. Well this is awkward..
"The Lonely Man! Overnight your greatest weakness has been turned into your new ""superpower."" What's your superhero name?"
"I'm 21 and I could too but it would be a couple months worth of the free part of my budget... Do you honestly think if you spent a good chunk of your income on it, you'd let it go to waste like that? I'm just saying, I'm 22 and that kid looks around my age. I could afford those tickets if I really wanted to. (I would rather pay 80-100 for front row of the 200 sections)."
"Welkom! Bedankt voor het welkom, IRL Nederland. Ik heb er veel zin in"
"math doesnt add up but ok. Thats the greatest thing I've ever seen. If the Ravens aren't playing, and the skins aren't playing, I'll root for 49ers. The Harbaugh connection, Bouldin, and now Torrey. Also, I like them for not running it and throwing to crabtree 4x in the superbowl. 100% Ravens fan. 1% Skins fan. .01%49ers"
"State is a bully there! Hey mate. I'm still in Singapore, which doesn't really have a bullying culture, so I'm working hard trying to introduce one."
go on... The myth of Amish quality.
"Added! LF: Cacturne, and starters, adding all. Will be around for an hour or so! Have some eevees!"
"Ditto If it's an online league I'm down, unfortunately I'm stuck in enemy territory in Washington and can't do an in person league."
dae le relevant username relevant username
"But le FeelS! Wow, what a complete pile of garbage. Amazing."
"Sarcasm doesn't translate too well in written form. I have, I was joking. The game played nicely and was quite a bit of fun to be honest."
"I actually hate the look of this, would rather everything be hidden away Aesthetically pleasing cable management"
"I believe the reason the judge didn't fine, and only jailed her was because the judge didn't want the evangelical activist networks raising the money online in half an hour. Normally I would agree. But in this case, any light punishment will be met with large donations from like-minded churches, in which case, there will be no incentive for her to learn, and almost certainly inspire others to take the same path. Yeah, I'm being harsh. I was just going for the kinds of financial penalties that none of these organizations could realistically reimburse her for."
"We'll get rid of Mattingly before getting rid of Puig lol David Schoenfield predicts that Puig could be one of the big names traded this offseason. What do you all think? Key word here is ""could"" be. Puig is relatively inexpensive , and the new owners have been cheap lately (i.e. not going for an elite 3rd starter). Interesting that he says Mattingly is not a fan of Puig. I always thought the stories were all hype, but after reading Molly Knight's book, I can see why Mattingly might feel that way. He also presents the possibility of Giancarlo Stanton wearing Dodger blue."
"Wait a second, I have a gamekey from my bud and want to redeem it when I'm home, that's till going to work, right? Warner Bros Suspends all PC versions of Arkham Knight"
Watch videos on YouTube from last stand gamers about how to build functional ships.. You might be getting in your own head... conveyor systems are so much easier than they appear to you.. Are there any mods to simplify Space Engineers for beginners?
It's times like this that I wish I understood Russian so I could watch his streams QQ Darien - Swag Moments #5
okie dokie For some reason I don't believe you.
"Ah, gotcha. I'm talking about if you need to uninstall something you've already got but had to make space. I've got the digital destiny pre-loaded :)"
"Dota 2 I'd argue Unreal Engine is PC-centric, but it's so flexible it can be used for *any* kind of game. I only really see FPSs using source(notable exemptions are FilmMaker, Garry's Mod, hence *notable*), which streamlines and compartmentalizes the user experience. Unreal is the backbone for so many different experiences that it seems diluted in comparison, but that's due to the high degree of customization it offers devs. Aside, Yay 1984. What a great vintage, Happy 30th!"
Meh Cool. Go sell em and undercut the competition. Yay capitalism.
"Are you hired by the IRS or something? Not only does college with a worthwhile degree result in a 50k+ a year job starting out, but college is fun as hell. Met so many awesome people from all over the world and I've had so many different mixed drinks."
Biggest fear realized. I always worry that someone will ask my students this question and they'll name me...
All violence except the riot caused by his voters right? Sanders: We have to stop 'senseless violence' in Chicago
The lack of Emi in both of those greatly disappoints me. Finally arrived from Japan!
Tommey and swanny? Infused to announce cod roster tomorrow
"Same, I'd try it. I'm simultaneously disturbed and intrigued. ^I'd ^drink ^it."
"I'm not sure the F/A-18 was guiding it, I think it was just filming the missile's flight I'm really curious both how the F-18 was guiding it, and which container they were aiming at."
The back stabbers. Who is there a special circle of hell reserved for?
Anyone know where Uncle Phil and Rob Mullens are at the moment? Fire. Helfrich. This team is awful.
I go by Birdie now. Hi Bernie you play too ?
"you poor thing, you only watch ONE team. Lets' be honest reddit"
"Fucking hell, humble brag much? Hey if I could get first blood on Nadeshot while he's in a full squad of Optic members, I can reply promptly to a question"
"If you want to hammer people down play Rein... Why would you use a hammer in close combat if you have a shotgun? Or buff his hp and speed, and make his other gun disappear when he has a turret placed"
wut You Got it! Congrats!
"In LoL people don't want innovative, they want to be told exactly what to do, which champions are allowed in which lanes and what you absolutely must ban every game. Why not? You're spending gold to counterplay a skill. That seems fine to me. Who's to say wards can't or shouldn't be used outside of their intended function? It is innovating to think out of the box."
"Because it's cheaper to reuse a model and just re texture it Venom I mean, his model looks so bad. The rank 5 outfit is awesome but Eddie just looks so weird I think he might be the only character in the game I can't stand looking at I don't know why they didn't fix his model for 1 and 3 and not make him look bulky like the hulks but he looks like he should be normal sized for those 2 outfits but rank 5 is the best outfit (really the only decent looking one)"
"Since RCS also has to be enabled by the carrier, which Sprint has done on their end, will Sprint enable it for Boost and their mvnos? RCS just came out for Android, any phones working yet?"
Not yet! any takers yet?
"actually according to dictionaries both are acceptable I can't stand when people pronounce nuclear ""nuke ya ler"". It's ""new clear""!! Where the hell do you see an extra u?"
"So THAT'S why there's two of them, pretty clever! How to copy-paste. Also, same incident, that the right button on a mouse does something different than the left button."
"my ex bf got me a bracelet from tiffany's..I don't even care much for fine jewelry but I hated it because he chose a 'cure for breast cancer' bracelet with cute heart charms and pink stuff, there was also one charm w two women hugging labeled 'sisters'...I knew that relationship wouldn't last much longer I bought my gf a Pandora Bangle because that's what she said she wanted. I had no idea about the size, and got her one too big, she exchanged it for a totally different type of bracelet. I wasn't mad at all."
"Register it on a new account or risk everything getting banned if he does some sort of chargeback on the code/card. What this man did to obtain a copy of Fallout 4 Im assuming you've all heard of the app whisper, correct? Well, if you haven't, its an app where you can make anonymous posts, and anonymously chat with people. The app has no log in. Your account is tied to your phone. Now Im also sure you've all heard about Fallout 4.The most hyped game of right now, and the game taking people away from their families and significant others. Good Anyone who has ever been on whisper knows there are hordes and hordes of horny guys looking to chat up some girls, and attempt to get nudes. I've noticed a few times that some girls have posted on there looking to sell nudes and vids for money. After being kinda low on cash, and realizing there would be no way for anyone to find out, I posted looking to trade some nudes (Which i obtained from a facebook nude posting chat, which is a whole other story) for bitcoin. Unfortunately, it turns out horny dudes don't know how to use bitcoin. Today, I decided to try this again, but instead of looking for cash, I was looking for a code for Fallout 4. I figured that was a simple enough thing to obtain. I eventually found a dude after having conversations with dozens of people, and I was finally able to obtain a code. Now, my question to all you redditers is, should I feel bad for doing this? He got his nudes, so he thinks it was all legit, but should I feel bad? I'm honestly not sure. Let me know what you think! TLDR; I tricked a guy into sending me Fallout 4 for nudes of some random girl."
"Oh, yeah, you're right! Or from the muti-tasking bar (double-tap home, swipe left, hit play)."
"It won't go lower because if it becomes decent profit tons of people will start alching rune. The G.E. value of rune items is already their high alch value, it would be weird if they went any lower"
What is this Ausfalia? This is racist hate speech and should carry a lifetime jail sentence. Executions would not work because the offender has to think about how hurtful they have been. We live in a tolerant society that needs to consider people's feelings can get hurt more than being truthful. We need to figure out how to repay the reperations we owe for those that provided us with something like Detroit.
Tofu what' the stinky tofu?
"Nah the dunk is a one man operation, he told them to fly with the geese when they asked him Wasnt dunkey in the youtube lol drama who intentionally downvoted some other channel cause they didnt want to be part of their ""secret community"""
"Would you/he be willing to share his instagram/deviant art or anything else he may post on, I love his style He was originally putting them up on Instagram every day and it was just something he did on the side before sleeping. He has plans to scan and clean them all but is really busy at the moment so it'll take a while. Thanks though &lt;3"
"Yeah, I'm sure all these democratic voters in the deep south are going to help Clinton a ton in the general. If his 10% margin in Oklahoma was a ""large"" margin, what do you call the 59% and 43% margins Hillary had in Alabama and Georgia? If his +4 net delegates in Oklahoma was a ""major"" win, what do you call the +71 net and +44 net delegates Hillary got in Texas and Georgia? I'm sure this comments will get a bunch of downvotes because it's a bit like telling kids Santa isn't real. But Bernie never had a big chance to begin with and after his not-so-Super Tuesday, there's just no way he could have a chance of recovering. When you look at the contests coming up tomorrow and the next week and a half, it just seals the deal. There's another 991 pledged delegates up for grabs in that timeframe. Based on current polls, it's going to be about 600-400, netting Hillary another +200 delegates. In a week and a half, the tally is going to be somewhere around 1200-800. Add in superdelegates and Hillary will be past 1650 by St. Patrick's Day."
"2.2 Making good $ working construction for a top ten in the country firm. People that graduated college with a low gpa, where are you now?"
"My thoughts exactly, the real thing actually looks much better than the plans too. my thought process: 1st image: haha nice ""Plans"" this is gonna be a huge failure 2nd image: o shit"
Berkeley? Writing lab reports at school
Where is that? The wait was worth it.
Plz post that wallpaper. Is it possible to make the widget bigger ? (I'm using lockHTML3)
My control sword deck is in heaven right now. I hate Daria I've played against Daria 8 times in a row now in A1. Is literally every player other than me playing this deck? This is miserable and I hate my life.
"she said you don't have the temperament to be in charge of the justice system, he replied because you'd be in jail. He literally said, if my memory is correct, ""if I was in charge, you'd be in jail""."
"Look down about 6 or 7 posts and you'll see a ""suggest a recipe for my flavors "" post. help picking recipe"
Rest in peace in peace? Rip in peace
"No path to legalization. Does donald trump want to take away the ability of illegal immigrants to become citizens and live in the united states will Illegal immigrants currently living in the united states still have an opportunity to go to college, get jobs and such while becoming a citizen?"
Wtf are you talking about smokes are not client sided smokes also. leads too way too many inconsistencies that makes it way unfair
"No What happens if he goes to Houston, sits out this year, and then Herman leaves for UT after the season?"
"Wyl I hope you're ready to wait a Wyl M: One day you'll run out of puns... and I'll be there, laughing wyl you collapse in despair"
Seattle 1989 - epic Mastah MASTAH MASTAH OF PUPPETS ARE PULLIN THE STRIIIIIIIIIINGS ## MASTAH # MASTAHHHH
"The ones where you shit-talked my name, said you didn't care if all fighters paced themselves or said Johny wasn't being humble when he gushed about how great Condit was? Haha, you are so dense, I can't really think of another way to explain it to you, go back to the last 4 comments if you still don't understand."
Oh... :) Those are the lyrics from their song :)
Serious question: how can they be called clones if they are so much different? Take a quick look at the blog post from Trees Dev's about the mechanic used in Threes Vs 2048 and other clones. The latter ones are flawed and once you know the trick you'll start getting absurd scores without any thinking. There's a lot of reasons why Threes took such a long time to develop.
"Pregnant midget gangbangs just never get old, huh? my trading could no doubt benefit greatly from the TA most of you guys here employ but alas, you can't teach an old dog new tricks. for me trading style is like my porn habits ... I rarely like to venture out of my comfort zone"
Why would an ex-KGB agent lie? Putin tells Edward Snowden: Russia doesn't carry out mass surveillance
"Dunny = Toilet, which doesn't always have to contain shit Sniff her shit?"
"What is your relationship with her now? I'll just go ahead and ask this Eh, so I've been tossing up whether I should ask if anyone wants to hear this or whether it'd be pretty fruitless and boring. I don't know, I thought it might be interesting. Anyway I grew up with a 'SJW Mum' and I have a fuckton of stories that range from deranged, hilarious and might give a glimpse to what these people are like IRL. If you're interested, feel free to ask a question, If you're not fair enough too just thought I'd put it out there."
"Bench the lawyer, cut the gym, etc etc Bench, trade, cut. It's sort of like marry, fuck, kill, except all of them happen to Jose Reyes"
"What, really? In Joker's Funhouse don't cash in your points when you hit the 500 000pts rank. Keep going, as there's a ""hidden"" rank that gives you 1 000 000pts."
making it ranked again. IT would have an hidden mmr obviously. But not ranks
"Tbh i just don't want SKT getting out, a FW/C9 win would be ideal and EU is rooting for FW."
"Bubble tea. Reddit, what are some things that you hated initially but after giving them a second try you really enjoyed? My first one would have to be european football. I originally hated the sport, but now that I'm in London, it just completely makes sense. I could also list a couple of musical acts like Dillinger Escape Plan and Nasum."
"The dismissive attitude is probably due to him being a convicted doper Grats to Bolt. Amazing champion and well deserved. The greatest sprinter ever, without a doubt. Also grats to Gatlin. Sprinting is a young man's game, and to medal in the 100m twelve years apart is astonishing. Sad to see so many dismissing his dedication and effort through years out of the sport. I for one am proud of my countryman."
I'm totally out of the loop....what's all this? Good to finally see some actual balance in the media
"Nope, you have a better chance with star wars figurines Are gems (emeralds, rubies, diamonds, etc.) a good long term investment?"
"Does this mean that we get to stop hearing about how underrated the Stars are and how young they are and how dangerous they're going to be in a few years? As a fan of a Central division team, somebody hold me."
"F I N G E R G U N S You know, Ace's perks are great and all but... We need ***F I N G E R G U N S***. I'm not alone on this one right?"
"I mean I would rather have termites or other pests almost anywhere else than my house That isn't solved by where you stack your wood, if you stack wood anywhere you deal with dwellers."
"Can you sue for that? I'm not a lawyer, but that sounds illegal. So...mission accomplished, I guess."
"Porn laptop #1, porn laptop #2 (dedicated for porn on the shitter), work laptop, work desktop, gaming desktop. What purposes?"
"Clinky clank A teenage Tupac asking Flava Flav for an Autograph, 1989"
"Nothing says fun gameplay like standing around alt tabbed watching Netflix waiting for the fate sound to pop. Yeah, those are the ugly ones. I have all of the relics to that step. Haven't gone further, lol."
Chicken with Mole sauce laced with Ex lax. This has potential.
You need to put up some of your all-time favourite movie posters. I see your kitchen and raise you a Theater.
Suing people you're dependent on is always just the best idea ever. If he was abusing his powers as trustee you could have sued...
"forever drinking the cool aid - black and white world - ROZ gonna ROZ Fuck that. Have you seen the damage they've wreaked in the States? Insidious, revanchist bullshit."
"I think the state of vision and true sight is just purrfect. There is currently no way to reliably deal with Invisibility. They removed the oracle effect on the red trinket upgrade, they removed the pink totem, and if you wanna go further they also removed oracles way back. After you start building up your 3rd item you have virtually no space to buy pinks, and with big items being split into a more extensive recipe, having space is a rare thing."
"What will gun control do for people obtaining guns illegally? It baffles me that shit like this happens all the time, yet people can still advocate against gun control. Utterly retarded."
"I don't believe that we are qualified to speak for an almighty being. Atheists, Agnostics, and Religiously Apathetic Individuals, why are you not religious?"
Epic haha Sorry for your loss. I can relate in a way. My wife is a complete bitch so I go play CoD to escape. It's either that or drink a lot or go to the bars.
Old Silverstone is so strange to me. One of the best qualifying laps - Alonso Silverstone 2007
Darude - Sandstorm whats this meme called?
This is what happens when armchair know-it-alls start broadcasting their fucking retarded musings as if they were the same as the informed facts that they are lucky enough to sometimes hear others dutifully report. U wot m8? UK... United Kingdom
I'd have to boycott a Colby hosted Jeopardy. No no anyone but Roger. Except Colby. Not him.
"Clean your fucking keyboard! Pfft, my internet is 4K!"
"wiki says it has better melee stats than a staff of air (i assume that all elemental staves are equal), but has identical magic stats - so for the purpose of doing magic, i don't think so It's BIS for f2p iirc"
"I have no idea, the game only keeps track of my logged-in-time, not the actively-playing-time :( Too much afking. How many hours have you played so far? Use '/age' in the chat to see! I'm 3449 hrs over the past 564 days, averaging about 6hrs/day."
"IIRC, it means that more than one firehouse was called in to fight the blaze. What's a ""2-11?"""
"It was on the shirt I laughed, but I am dissapointed there were no mullets..."
"Feels so fucking bad man GAME THREAD: Alex Rodriguez press conference - August 07, 2016 I'm told ESPN and YES are covering it, does anyone know if there's a way to watch it on ESPN3?"
Yeah lets judge him by his passing performance during a torrential downpour Remember all that MVP talk? Yeah... so... uh.
"It might help if you don't click on deadpool links and don't comment in deadpool threads... so as to avoid seeing all the movie before i go see all the movie, im having a self imposed Ninjaspiderman(its complicated, but im not allowed to type the Dpool word) media blackout"
Isnt the one side black one side white an art form in japan? Totally not a Monokuma
"Lots of them are, yeah, but a lot of them are also entirely normal people. That's the difference. We've learned and progressed as people. They're still shitting in the streets fucking goats, they haven't learned."
"ATM0 Are you talking about the modem screeching? You could always turn down the speakers, but turning off the modem speaker was beyond my capabilities as a child."
"Exactly my thoughts! According to the Hillbilly's flick, yes they are."
Hell some of them dont put a point in q until they have to It's really not. There's a reason literally all the professional ADC players max E second.
Definitely approve of this CA governor has approved a state budget that includes $5 million for a program to discount fresh produce at farmers' markets for low-income shoppers.
I think it's fucking stupid that I can't see it without logging in. I made a race that went from the south docks to the top of chiliad. What do you think?
Can you pm me links to the necessary files? Should already work with the previously available dp methods. I'm just waiting for the new unencrypted boot.img to hit XDA before updating.
"We love our cops If they are so confident it isn't battery, why don't they go try it on a cop? This is what I don't understand."
"Just about anything from SA is solid. Sam Adams Boston Lager. Its reliable, always good, and it's always there at the restaurant to save me from crappy macro brews."
"Moral support, it is amazing how much stupid can be packed into one moron. You would VPN to help?"
Who's balls are they gonna lick? Do you know why dogs lick their balls?
"Lacelab always hook me up Anyone know where to buy 3M laces, rope laces and gold or silver aglets in metro manila"
"Sounds like a pain in the ass I don't make a big deal about the height thing. Girls are allowed to be attracted to tall guys, it's natural. I won't date a girl who wants to be the ""man"" in the relationship, it just feels unnatural."
"Ahh, I gotcha :) Yeah, Portland could use a bigger stadium; the Sounders are blessed to play in an NFL town where they likely won't ever need to expand or build a new one. I was just mentioning another thing that probably deters people from going to games. No misunderstanding here :) If I paid money for a ticket and the security was so slow at the gate that I didn't get to my seat until stoppage time in the first 45, I'm probably never going again."
"Yeah... if you drink it over the course of two hours. Hell, I could drink a six pack and be under .08."
"Used a stamina potion Never Ever Finish this sentence: ""In all of my Skyrim playthroughs, I have never ..."" ... played as a vampire. At the final stage, every civilian will hate you. Are you supposed to NOT go into towns? I need to sell my loot! Also, the magical powers you receive in return don't weigh up to being unable to stand sunlight and, as said, being hunted by guards and townsfolk. What have *you* never done in any playthrough?"
"No one cares Finally, the stupid fucking post that got me to leave the sub. Congrats!"
I've done that a multitude of times and haven't gotten any different results. Try recalibrating and make sure your flight controller is flat against the frame if its drifting while in angle mode.
My friend who is a husky fan always makes fun of WSU academics and he dropped out of community college You should tell that to the droves of Riverside/Bellevue CC students who rep the Dawgs and make fun of WSU academics.
"I just ain't turned on by it so much that seeing another dude's erect member kills mine. I'm not a homophobe. I don't like looking at dick, I just ain't turned on by it."
"I've been dying to join it, just wanted to make sure I was at the right place before I dusted the key! We've doomed him... now he's gonna mash F5 like the rest of us. welcome to the crazy club"
"Pretty much, yes. Now he big fish in small pond eh"
"Restore the system and Malwarebytes is a anti Malware not a antivirus Installed malwarebytes and now windows refuses to work Got tired of my old anti-virus (trend micro) so I went with malwarebytes, when I installed it, it began scanning but all of an sudden windows stops working and it just opens a small tap saying Microsoft windows has stopped working, end process, I tried reinstalling by uninstalling in safe mode Then reinstalling normally, still doesn't do it, please help."
"Zardoz? squeal to idiocracy ok real quick , same story as the original , only this time , another military experiment subject , and big tittied co-star is sent even farther into the future where humanity and society has fallen so far , they are basically in the stone ages , with a really big twist , instead of society being destroyed by stupid people , everything collapsed because of the people who relied on technology too much , and devolved into a caveman like society , only they are completely controlled by tech , so 60 generations of people that have relied on spell check so long they cant spell , people have relied on instant meals so long they cant cook , and so on and so on , the theme would be people relying on technology too much completely destroyed society , and this new guy has to survive these techno-savages , to try and fix society , so blah blah more words uuuga boooga 2.0"
"Zblock is the anti-cheat for esea, a hosting service for Counter Strike matches. Zblock the streamer?"
"Great build, good to see someone so young making sound investment choices. At age 14 and after 3 years of saving, I escaped peasantry"
"Maybe when the vast majority of Christians stop being bigots? Romans 13 commands Christians to follow the 10 commandments but other than that, to follow the laws of man. Gay marriage isn't in the 10 commandments, it is a law of man. I'm getting pretty tired of watching all of you group all Christians in to one bigot category. We are not all the same. You want to talk Nazi's, the Nazi government did not believe in or fear God, but I'm not lumping all non-Christian people into the Nazi category. Quit being bigots, when talking about a bigot. I've read many of the posts on this thread. The Bible says judge not less ye be judged. Christian or not, that's just good morals. Is she a bigot? Yes. Does that mean all Christians are bigot's? No. are some atheists bigot's? Yes. Are all of them? Absolutely not. Opinions are one thing, hatred and trash talking, doesn't matter who you are or your beliefs, is crossing the line."
"Creep - Radiohead Given your experiences, what is your life's theme song?"
Professionals don't get the DLC early either lol Is there anyway to get the new smash DLC early to beta test?
"Did that influence/inspire you at all? I dunno, I was 10 years old. ;-)"
What are some illegal life hacks? What redundant askreddit question do you never want to see again?
"Apart from other homeless people who are also hunting you and will ""make"" you in about 90 seconds. Dress up like a homeless person and ask for money. People will just avoid me at all costs."
"dont plan on it :) Please, don't have any more kids."
"Boa, irgendwie stressen mich allein schon die Worte ""unruhig"", ""gestresst"", ""geschossen"" und ""Verlobte"" im Titel. Euer Morgen war irgendwie unruhig und ihr seid gestresst? Hier, habt ein Bild vom Strand in Lubmin, geschossen von meiner Verlobten."
still would not care These are actually Neil Degrasse Tyson's former colleagues that are engineers at SpaceX now. Feel cool now?
"Let's be honest, Bulba is a terrible player. This is reddit after all. smh"
"Except when that free speech is promoting violence, hate, and terrorism. But that is agaisnt the principal of free speach. Free speach is about letting everyone have a voice even if you disagree with it."
"Okay which one of you couldn't choose between Glenn and Abraham? If you had to remove one main character from your favourite TV show, who would you choose?"
I wish real life worked like this... This one still gets me everytime
What's your brother gonna do with all his newly acquired KAWLAGE? My brother is close with Tai Lopez and got to meet him!
"Because he china's all the time.... Well, Trump thinks it's a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese, so why would he ever mention it?"
Actors doing their job wow Thanos and Luke cage... What the hell have i been smoking
Bacon What are your favorite vegetarian meals?
How do you know he threw a curveball? That's a 10XP curveball bonus
"Already been posted m8 Babcock on winning: ""This is just a sign of what's going to happen here in Toronto - just so you know."""
"Slightly off topic but it would've been Brian Clough if the FA thought logically Who was the last great English coach, foreign or domestic? There have been legions of great English players, but has there been a great English coach?"
Tatars here are just Poles that go to different church as far as we are concerned. Poland's Lipka Tatars: A Model For Muslims In Europe?
"Exact reason why Samsung stops supporting Android updates 18 months into the life of a phone. TIL of Planned obsolescence, a manufacturing decision by a company to make consumer products in such a way that they become out-of-date or useless within a known time period so that consumers are forced to buy a product multiple times rather than just once."
"Ty Our third biggest city, located in the south of Sweden. It has a reputation of being in chaos caused by immigrants, but I have heard conflicting arguments so I am not sure how the situation is tbh."
"replace ""people"" with ""US-Americans"" ... than yes Students selling 'All White People Are Racist' Hoodies spark controversy"
"They are fucking awesome, fun *and* useful, and they aren't that expensive. You get a borescope! YOU GET a borescope! YOU GET A BORESCOPE! EVERYBODY GETS A BORESCOOOOOOPE!"
"Yeah Pence the gay conversion therapy guy that's who I want appointing Supreme Court Judges. I understand the logic. I figured he would lose, and the Republicans would just have the house. I voted for him Primarily to avoid talk of a mandate in the hopes that it would even out the totals slightly. I don't particularly regret the vote, as I still think he'll be impeached or resign before (or when) he does anything seriously out of line."
"Muh Feelzzz -leans into mic- wrong Lets see how things are going by the first quarter of 2018 and let me know what you think of Trump's policies at that time K, thanx. This sub right now."
He lives with Jenny? No his phone number is 867-5309
I'd be happy if they'd just play Looney Tunes and Tom and Jerry all day like they used to back in the day. What animated show from your childhood would you bring back?
"Am Irish, for real, it isn't. Not irish. It isn't. Now it's tied again."
"Okay, but *why* do they crave it? They're what plants crave"
"What a handsome boy! Here is my dragon, Durgen!"
"Pretty sure that was just Uncle Touchy. Like, who was the fat guy with the white beard who tickled me under the covers at night and told me not be loud so I wouldn't wake my parents."
"I'm right after the third gym and my pokemon average around 35, I think yours are underleveled Dude, my highest pokemon is level 53 and I'm going in for my 8th gym at the moment. Did you over level your Greninja or just use XP share?"
"View.param ""Happiness"" (mode:outbound) sort(ascending) Moments after you die you are shown your life stats page. What is the first stat you look up?"
That sounds terrible Just hope they don't think its fraud and put a hold on it till you talk to their customer service dept. and maybe your bank. That'll add 2 weeks. Happened to me :'(
"Same, it's just really jittery. It pulls up Google Now for me."
"Where do they come up with these nicknames haha Pretty sure it is a Athene noctua (more commonly known as a ""Little Owl"")."
Nah I'm at blizzcon :) Their shipping is getting faster and faster
"It's still testimony if it's not excluded, and it's only excluded if it's objected to. Yes. NOT testimony, because the ghost herself wasn't testifying. There are exceptions to the hearsay rule (they vary by jurisdiction). Generally, if the opposing party (in this case the defense) introduces the hearsay (in this case to discredit the prosecutor's case), it can stay in. So if the prosecutor had introduced the story about the ghost, it would have been struck as hearsay. Source: law school (course: Evidence)"
He becomes the manager for the Atlanta expansion. What's next for Mike Petke?
"You're still... you know... homosexual, though. I just became part of a very rare club.. ***The OP's who actually delivered.*** Anytime, happy to help anyone interested in History."
"nah, they'd probably both turn into NaN. If they got a little closer, perhaps a particle/anti-particle reaction would occur?:p"
Good for you. I don't care
I went to a nice Afghan restaurant in Washington DC for eid so no problems so far. Aftermath of Eid... So anyone else suffering from dodgy Eid food poisoning ?
"No, it was around 11:15-17 pm Is it true Obama's 2012 victory wasn't announced until 4:38 AM???"
mine lasted 8 years of torture Yeah man. I've had one on a girl for 3 years now.
Oooo that would be so tricky! it could be worse. You could have replicated a hallucination.
"but hey, look at how popular Bridgeview is now since they paid for that stadium! For the Fire, it was a free $100m stadium with state-of-the-art undersoil heating, excellent training facilities, and all the locker-room and weight-room amenities you could ask for. Oh, and they don't have to pay any rent for 30 years. It was a great deal for the Fire. A shit deal for the town of Bridgeview, sure, but a great deal for the Fire."
break yo'self foo! I said DO WE HAVE....APROBLEM?
They don't get paid minimum wage and make all their money from tips. i work full time building houses do i get tipped? no why should i tip for mediocre service in a food joint they get paid by the hour just like the guys who work for me. might be because im not from the usa but this is a stupid rule
"""Then why's you want to go in the first place?"" ""No."" *I state pretty firmly.* ""Sides, they'd probably abduct you guys and force me to work for them, so... eh, happy I'm not going."""
"k? I've been seeing people say ""Trump wants to close down the Internet"" as an argument against Trump. Blatantly False, he clarified this during the debate."
"I think their whiteness plays a role in it, though, only because the militia types tend to be rather white and would see the arrest or killing of these guys as the start of a race war. Glad to hear that the ""It's only because they're white!"" circlejerk gets annoying quick."
"She's an exception, not the rule. Unless you're playing in the absolute top you're not going to have a single problem ganking with Kayle or Yi. Also, Kindred is a devourer jungler, she's not very bad at ganking, is she?"
"Bring back Salman Rushdie! Fatwa cannot be forced upon people, Supreme Court rules"
Rama. Hunters and s3 What are the best late-game ad carries ?Also i could use some help with building then and general tips for that role :)
"I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not, but we're pretty good at causing our own problems, the US just helped. Agreed, the Americans are at fault for all your troubles. The people of Argentina were helpless against the US aggression."
Explain how a society without a government is not the most idiotic thing ever. Corporatism is what you get when there's a government.
What a stud Yes!
"MPB? Thank you thank you! I carry my MPB between work and home, with different external monitor setups at each location. I'm constantly getting windows stuck offscreen and it's been driving me nuts!"
"Live in Eugene, can confirm. oregon weather has been mad wack recently"
"What, like Gavrilo Princip? Man I wish they made a movie about the real Assassins instead."
Thanks! One of the top torrents on Pirate Bay should still work fine
No one uses mules anymore You know a country without a border wall is a little like a mule with a spinning wheel
Having the time to play it :( What's the most satisfying feeling in all of Hots?
I hope you guys aren't talking about poop. I'm laying down what you're picking up
"At this point, the performance benefits of almost any change to a road bike are slim at best. My thoughts as well, the performance benefit on a road bike are slim at best."
Um das Auto aufzuwerten. Wieso zum Fick hat der einen Golf Schriftzug auf nem Opel?!?
I saw a fb event a local promoter was doing the party I'm seeing him open for The Weeknd in a few weeks. Where can I buy the after party tickets? $100 seems worth it
That's like getting a wound and pouring ghost pepper flakes on it. Nah. Hodor's revenge will come soon enough. He'll be a wight walker.
These are their traditions.. chill. Fuck these people
"I hate being poor lol Scott Ludlam and Edward Snowden speaking about digital surveillance at Melbourne Town Hall, May 7-9"
"You hit the nail on the head. ""You're cherry picking the *wrong parts*"""
"How do you get that perk? Little story for you. A sniper on my team was sat in a corner on a game of defender, not helping the team at all so I stood in front of him punching him because I'm an asshole and he didn't move. My screen kept flashing yellow and I would turn around fast, slay the enemy and continue punching him. He didn't get a single kill and I amazingly managed to turn around 8 times and kill 9 enemies. He must have thought something was up lol. But more to your point, given the right circumstances it is very helpful. Sometimes I keep flashing and I'm spinning around and can't see anyone, I absolutely shit myself and usually get gunned down because I'm a spinning top."
"You can spend any parts you've earned - you still get them all back at the end of the match to go towards your clan I love TLOU multiplayer! Question though about parts and spending them I completed the single player last week and I've been addicted to factions ever since. I'm 30 years old and have a 10 year old son, always used to think wtf is he doing watching minecraft vids on YouTube why not just play it?! Now I'm watching vids about how to not be a noob in factions! Haven't even touched left behind either :( When I watch videos though people spend their parts on ammo and upgrades etc, I thiught parts were mainly for increasing you survivors and getting meds or w/e at the end of each match? Does spending parts on upgrades during a game affect your 'camp' ??"
"Treat her with respect. To go with the ""dressing cute and getting unwanted attention"" question, what would be the appropriate reaction to girls who are dressed sexy? I don't mean to ask how to approach women who are dressed sexy, it's more how to acknowledge her and treat her. Is comments on her attires strictly forbidden? If not, how do you deliver them? Basically, what is the reaction women expect from men when they dress sexy? (If any)"
"Captains take multiple elite badges :) Yeah I'm trying to get these captains done so I don't gotta worry about that, thx tho"
sometimes you gotta take risks in life this is how you asphyxiate a piece of hot dog and die. this is very dangerous and stupid.
I'm not seeing it. No (y) is thumbs up
"Today's Christians would crucify Jesus all over again. Popes, past vs. present"
*HIGH ENERGY* **T R I G G E R E D**
I think it's about time we absorbed Northern California. Lower 48 US states redrawn as 50 states with equal population
It is racist and therefore not cool. I'm always amazed at how many people with bitch about a titles like some sort of e-hipster who only liked the memes before they were cool.
"When a michigan fan brings up the ""glory days"", you know he lost the argument. 68/35"
Pretty sure those peoples *less* likely to blow of someone's limb. No. Thanks to people with less arms.
"I'd put it in savings as a financial safety net is a luxury for me right now. You have $3,000 to spend purely on luxury - what do you buy? Remember, luxury stuff only!"
"actually telefrags are easy... and that means she just cleaned-up the fight similarly to illi getting all the kills once you try to back off from lost fight... what i've got respect for is LM T-bagging a back-line squishy from flank with mirror-ball-seeker combo, as this is not as easy to hit as point and click tele on someone already dead... what I hate is that there are so many LM topping useless damage while not actually contributing much to team-fight until it's already won... Li Ming feels too easy to play, and seems to have this safety net about her that I'm not a fan of. She was advertised as being difficult to play, but she's not. I think all I would like is for Li Ming to actually have a lower skill floor. But instead it feels like she storms out of the gates with +50% rekt and +75% gitgud m8. What I mean is, it feels like she's too easy to play and too effective for how relatively low skilled I've seen some players be with her. She has more damage than either Kael'thas or jaina, can do this from longer ranges, can teleport to juke or follow up, and has amazing cleanup potential to boot with resets. Dominance and Diamond Skin give her a huge boost to survivability, and her base kit already has a lot of damage packed into that she's not losing much. The Skillshots are extremely easy to land. They are way too generous in this area. And the mana costs are relatively low as well. I don't feel like she requires a player to be good despite being advertised differently. I never feel like I get outplayed by the player when it comes to Li Ming except with the ocassional super awesome Telefrags. Got mad respect for Telefrag chains."
Hopefully he competes head on with the Australian and leaves neither with a big enough market to be viable. Clive palmer has apparently lodged Trade mark for THE AUSTRALIAN TIMES does this mean he is getting into newspapers
"I've seen some amazing transitions, but nothing like this guy was trying to pull lol. this upset me for a second because i thought the bullshit being called was ""yr not a REAL girl! you're an mtf!!"" and i was like woah what the fuck? then i realized this was probably one of those ""dude posts girl's pic for karma"" posts but i've seen 1 year hrt timelines where the difference is pretty huge so i'm not really sure what to think"
And I bet they still going in raw. #smh of the day
Yus [](/ponklay) Nah.
Does that include cost of staying in the house Every member in my chapter pays about $450 a semester
"Same, I think most everyone has seen it. The highlighted buttons being off? Yeah, I've yet to hear anyone but you talk about it, but I've had that for a while... :/"
Scandal ruined the word OPTICS. The word POTUS has been ruined for me by Jonah from Veep This is gonna cause a total potal meltdown.
"THey want fascism, not anarchy. how is it secure to have anarchy? seems the antithesis of security."
"Take the picture of the stars without the person in front of the camera, then you can layer the close up shot over the stars without motion blur. But then won't you have blurry edges as the person moves for the rest of the exposure?"
I have an evo 850 (or maybe 840...) and speeds are not noticeably different than this. Here's an example of the load times when playing The Witcher 3 on an m.2 SSD
"Firefighter: ""Given that a huge amount of my job is cleaning up the cities you destroy while fighting supervillains, I think I'll pass thanks."" ""Superheroes"" - Toronto Star"
Not smart enough to realize tha you have no choice. Who are you voting for?
"Dang, let the man finish on the phone haha Blake Griffin: Mark Cuban Won't Hate DeAndre Forever"
"Are you serious, then why have I heard about people who got their entire collection disenchanted by hackers, and got it all back thanks to Blizz support? I had the same problem. They cant do anything about it."
"Mother Nature is a bitch Welcome to nature, kids."
Looks like a Bond villain lair. A House Hidden in a Cliff.
coepuffs lvl 30 warlock self res lf1 hm gatekeeper leave sn
It is known. The Dothraki have no word for sex-swing.
Well the WRs and Rodgers better get it together now. Starks expected to miss multiple weeks
Someone besides the OP can confirm this? There's a lag switch built into the game
Mmmmmm sand You need to eat more... A lot more... Then go back for desert.
Look at how much more comfortable than Hillary he is around regular people. VIDEO : Trump Makes Impromptu Stop at Local Baltimore Diner and Patrons GO WILD!
You haven't had enough beer then. It's not a good thing that my reaction to this would be nervous laughter and brushing it off.... (assuming I didn't know this person of course.)
"Hobby Lobby has a bunch of that sort of thing. My mum has one of these leopard statues in her room, wanna get one for my gran, anyone know where from?"
"Tried Arma? Pretty much every Battlefield game. I keep buying them (usually every other one) because they fill my need for an open world modern combat simulator, but the goddamn things are always riddled with bugs. Every single goddamn one of them has hit detection issues. I can fire controlled bursts directly into the mid-section of someone standing still 10 yards in front of me and miraculously hit nothing...all the time. I always lose interest out of frustration within a couple months and never look back. Plus, the content is always relatively limited unless you buy 500 DLCs."
TIL being Jewish is somehow tied to race. Mocking Jews is racist.
"40 fps is still 40 fps it's just PR It's like having vsync off without screen tear I'm curious how freesync works, and their claim to make 40 fps look like 60."
*scritch scratch* I'll take both!
"keep us updated lol Alright, looks like I have my first long-term programming goal. Wish me luck!"
"No, was offering for others to check it out and fly. Down by Fort Smith, over in OK. My Mavic is being delivered on Wednesday. You just want people to come over and watch you fly?"
"Sometimes men just need to talk about shit that doesn't matter to bring their heads out of the bullshit reality we all exist in, and then throw on top the societal pressures to keep everything bottled as a man, talking about football can equate to meditation at times. Police officer talks man out of jumping to his death by talking about the upcoming Redskins vs. Cowboys game; the second time he's used this method to save a person from suicide."
"You're correct, however preemptive mitigation puts her as the same style as tassadar but without the damage as an off-support. I think Shield Dust is where the real potential is. It's harder to use than normal healing spells, but its potential is also much greater."
How are you supposed to add more storage then? Samsung Galaxy. Seriously galaxy 6 has no SD card slot or removable battery
"I know, but it's still funny this world we live in :D Actually a lot of right wing groups in Europe have connections to Russia since their government and laws are very similar to fascist ideas."
"I heard the visual novel is great but I like anime more, personally. Isn't Steins;Gate a visual novel? Saw it on ps store the other day."
"sikh analogy Well, it was a part of our tradition for a long time before Hitler was even born. Did they stop making airliners just because 9/11 happened? You just get over it and move on."
Mah nigga Hell yeah they're my NFC team. Dynasty bros
Makes me happy to know you rekt that guy... Why so serious?
"Most satisfying headshot in a video game. I'm itching for some Gears 1. Maybe it's a nostalgia factor, but one will always be my favorite."
Jenny liked it well enough! Sorry about your small penis
I agree something Japanese would make more sense... Makes sense. I would've gone with a Nissan Juke or a Kia Soul in that case but it's still cool.
"We want you too, counters seem to be your kryptonite. I want Real Madrid. Germany seems to be their kryptonite."
"""It's not my fault the president walked in front of my bullet!"" ""I'm the one that shot the president, don't blame me tho, I'm not in the wrong here!"""
"Man, ya'll are itching for the Caption Contest aren't you? What are some of your favorite lines that's normal literally, but vibrant or heart-wrenching with the music/melody? I really love how Coldplay delivers an honest meaning of the singer ;provokes and paints imagination with their music. Be it the rallying VLV roar or the simplicity of ""*I wanna live life*"" from We Never Change. For me, it would be ""*Oh love, don't let me go*"" from Life in Technicolor ii"". It's just pure. honest. genuine. and young. Hope you understand and even resonate with what I love about their music:D What's yours? :)"
"10 straight nba allstar is impressive too I'm curious, what are the requirements, if any for the hall of fame? Or is he only a lock because of his numerous all star appearances, 2 rings, and good career stats?"
"How ironic, since street drug dealers are notorious for having far shadier product ""There is a health and safety concern where people are perhaps purchasing and ingesting products that they have no way of knowing the quality of what they are in fact consuming."" So they are going to crackdown on the food at the x?"
tl;dr bo3 only makes a difference in 15% of games tldr :^)
"Source? This is a nearly complete BS. The only item not spurious is that he is a ""Brazilian."""
Dont ask how much they spent on the obamacare website... TSA Spent $900 Million on Behavior Detection Officers Who Detected 0 Terrorists
How dare you assume his level of attractiveness I'm sorry. I should use description-neutral adjectives.
All of them are hot I want they to have a cosplay day where they cosplay each other xD I find both Maude and Bree super hot and wouldn't mind seeing them do cosplay
"This happens every year. Holy shit guys, settle down"
I thought there was a 10th realm with Angels... I think it was Original Sin that talked about it A pretty nice map of the Nine Realms tacked on to the end of
Does this work even after the fortress is started? You could replace the [PET_EXOTIC] tag with [PET].
"Anything that doesn't cost 4+ figures, according to half this sub. what constitutes a 'fake' watch i wonder"
Is there a subreddit for haunted places? I really love the back stories of all these abandoned properties :-) Thanks for sharing!
Which pedaltrain form factor fits you the snuggliest Got a new board today!
"Eating food I've cooked myself, and realizing it turned out amazing :) What do you love?"
"French here, my writing has been described as ""hieroglyphs"" for no one could read it. My bet is that, just like how it seems like the French all have impeccable writing skills because of handwriting classes in elementary school, and since Vietnam was heavily influenced by France since it was a colony, the education system of Vietnam could be very heavily based on the French system."
Well definitely not on RT. All over ~~the news~~ reddit.
Young doctor who is part of an expedition team. Cast me!
Even Reign Over Me? All of his movies just feel like bad Billy Madison sequels.
So you're single again.... Hello there My thoughts were the same. BUT I just caught my husband having an affair.
Because that's a log Why isn't anybody talking about the huge thing(yuuge catfish looking thing) just beside where he shot the arrow??
Hahaha I'm absolutely using this description at work tomorrow. A moai head mounted on a kindergartener's drawing of a submarine.
:-D Lol really? Whatever.
Should be called smuggling raisins. Flat Tummy
"Normally yes but it seems that the internet reserves a special kind of hate for the bieber Those points all make sense. This should be higher, even if it ruins all the ""fun""."
"No, being banned from League of Legends is Dude back then when I thought I was super cool and said sex just to see what happened. I got a 24 hour ban and I was like so freaked out that I never played again out of fear. I thought being banned from club penguin was like the end of the world."
"You sir, have a very questionable name, and this is coming from a guy named Fappy_McMasturbate I find a camper and stick it in his spot after I kill him. Then wait a few seconds for him to respawn and run back to it. : D"
"Then what's the point of the clause if you can just ask and get approved? Did you not read the article? It clearly states he will allow it on the Xbox One if you ask and he approves, in a way it's Spencer raking through the shovelware."
"It's immensely easier to complain than to try and actually fix a problem. This is a great idea. Instead of just protesting, they should try to do something about the problem."
The Map Editor is the greatest thing to come to GTA This gametype is some of the most fun I've had playing GTAV
"Wait, are you doing top gear, or dream Devil's Threesome? While we're choosing famous, busy, and wealthy movie stars, I cast votes for Charlize Theron and Sir Ian McKellen"
"Even more depth for State. MSU's Kenny Goins has 'improved immensely,' could play Friday"
Yes. Did you know that Chrome Inspector can inspect itself?
#No Make a full story of it on r/tardtales
"I'm pretty sure the missions in The Martian were called Ares, not Hermes We just can't call it Icarus, we all know what ill omens that'll be inviting. Honestly I love the idea of using Hermes, I know we've already used Mercury but Hermes just seems right for the grand scale of a mission to Mars. Lastly it'd also be the same mission name as the missions from Andy Weirs book The Martian which would be a nice homage. However like u/alexconnorbrown mentioned Odyssey would be a great mission name that really portrays the epic nature and adventure of the mission while also retaining the Roman and Greek mythology naming element which NASA enjoys."
LOL REKT Olof gets kicked from MM
That makes two of us. Unsure how to feel about this.
Might be worth the ink to print it out and do so. Vox is literally trash. I wish it was print so I could wipe my ass with it.
"but is Winslow the most important piece in that puzzle or do you think Whiteside and Dragic remaining consistent is more important? Winslow, Richardson, Whiteside and Dragic is the core future. Not counting Bosh because he's probably done due to clots. If not then at least we have a core 5. We just need a bench."
Ren Cen 179 Greektown 210 Meh The Casino hotels are the most expensive in town. Are you being funny?
He met Toby Soprano at the Dan Envelopeman show then watched a live performance by Tedious David. Huh?
"If only she carried a body cam on her utility belt we could witness these crimes against humanity for ourselves. In all seriousness why would a person be so cavalier about being assaulted, in fact an assault that maybe crossed the line into battery? If someone threw a bottle at me or my family while we were out for a walk the police would be called immediately. License numbers would be taken, witnesses gathered, etc..."
"Yep, just chased him around until I got it. Did you knife shr0ud?"
"I know a few ""grill"" streamers who brag about being Diamond 2/3 spreading gospel and advice when they were carried there by 3 master 1 trick ponies...lmao I'm usually D5 - D4, but I'm P2 or P3 now and I don't have the stamina to push to Diamond, because the queues are longer than usual and there are still a lot of dodges (guess people just forget to ban and lock in). Also, I see a lot of people on my friendslist that are 2 divisions higher than they have ever been. Tried playing with them, and they do not belong there, they haven't learned anything, but they have been carried. That bothers me more than it should, but I really want to be able to compare myself against people, and that is impossible. Rank should say something about how well you can play though, but now it just doesn't."
"Maybe, someone could experiment with it and show an edited version of the film to someone who hasn't seen it before. The flashback should have just been at the start of the movie. Even though the tension of the coffee whodunit would be gone, there'd be even better tension about when/if tatum will reveal himself."
I don't believe we know for sure but I am guessing it stays until you abandon the pledge. Faction pledging question. Do you stay pledged through reset or do you have to re-pledge every week? I know we can only pledge to one faction a week but do you have to pledge every week or do you stay with the faction you pledge to until you pledge to another one?
"5'8"", honestly I think it's an ideal height for me. What Is Your Height?"
"Bellerin and Moreno are great. Fullbacks make great wingers... LWB and RWB get 7 chemistry at LW and RW. Plenty of fast, strong fullbacks out there with decent dribbling, passing and shooting. If you're finding some wingers to be a bit weak, try a fullback. Plenty of smaller (5'9"" ish) ones have a lot better strength than the same sized wingers yet still have good agility etc. I'm having great luck with it, just a tip..."
"I'm sure you'd laugh when something like this happens to you and then you'd have to pay for passport renewal Is it wrong that I kek'ed at this? Sure this is discrimination, but it's good to laugh a little lol."
"based on what i've read that is the purpose of rush hour AD Im nowhere near this range, but I see zero threat potential in your AD. I would hesitate to attack it only because I detest long drawn out battles. But of course thats just my opinion."
"Of course not, because if that plane crashes and Trump dies, *Pence* will be our leader So you want the POTUS to fly around in planes that they have a hard time finding spare parts for and has been in operation since 1986?"
Which one? this va's voice demo
"This, any enemy that step into the goo of an enemy zac will just squish it so it cannot be picked. i played against my buddy last night and that is not true.. the second zac destroys them so the first can not pick them up."
"That's a terrible example as Karl Marx was an esteemed economist who created the idea of labor capital and Labor Value Theory. So you know that wages are determined by the market price and that we have welfare for people who make less than a living wage. What is the point of posting then? And the laws of economics aren't the ""conservative way"". That's how markets work, it's just the way. That's like saying using physics and math is the conservative way of building a rocket. If you build a rocket without considering physics it won't work. I guess you could say the Karl Marx way of determining wages is the opposite of the conservative way. The Karl Marx way doesn't work though, just like a math free rocket won't fly."
"Why am i waiting for ""....And sued for bruising the man's shoulders and back"" Off-duty cop saves mans life"
I want to compare myself to people of same rank pre vac. whats the reason?
Friends don't let friends skip leg day. Except when you're in bumper to bumper traffic for half an hour going up a hill. Especially if you have a heavy clutch pedal. At least you can skip leg day though.
That would definitely factor into non-averaged stats. Correct. It's also worth mentioning that Cop has 22 games on the table while Altec has 16.
"I swear it is in the Education Act that says this can't happen; maybe it is not the liberals but the principal. GG liberals, you regressive loons have done it again."
"Psycho T just looked behind his shoulder. Lakers are seriously considering signing free agent Metta World Peace, league sources tell Yahoo Sports. For now, there's no deal in place."
Mister Potato Head looks a lot more authoritarian than I remember. me irl
Well aren't you a Bro :) That one wasnt me. I like doing that to :)
"More lack of social awareness to blame than the game itself. Pokemon Go blamed for Brisbane funeral disturbance, teens told to leave church"
It enhances blood flow at their reproductive organs. Trading Rampages with your friends to boost your profile stats? Why?
Ahh the Great Americas strikes again. RIP hitchhiking bot
"Blingotron into cursed blade t1 Bloodsail Corsair t2 Acidic Swamp Ooze t3 Poisonous Swamp Ooze t4 Acidic Swamp Ooze, Youthful Brewmaster t5 Harrison Jones t6 Acidic Swamp Ooze, Ancient Brewmaster t7 Poisonous Swamp Ooze, Ancient Brewmaster t8 Acidic Swamp Ooze, Poisonous Swamp Ooze, Youthful Brewmaster t9+ ???"
Getting a real early 2000 to 2006 vibe After years on x360 and shitty laptop I can finally enjoy glory of PC master race (WARNING: LEDs inside)
Whites are potent! Blacks in 65% Black Baltimore Blame Black on Black Murder on... White People
"Grizzly Adams did have a beard! Yeah Joe, and Grizzly Adams had a beard."
"As long as engine is done in-house and chassis tweaking is done in-house I'm cool with it. Maybe that's a plus for some people, but personally I don't buy it. This is coming from a company that's resorted to floating their company on the stock exchange and selling key rings. Just like every other supercar company, the majority of their cars aren't made by them. It's all third party."
you can send me a request now okay cool thanks!
"Probably because Ferrari will destroy them and he wants to ""leave them wanting more"". Reports that Lauda considering quitting Mercedes after this year"
AMD Motherboard? I hope he isn't serious...
"""I have a girlfriend"" I just laughed so loud I woke up my girlfriend. She was not pleased. Then I showed this to her. She was still not pleased."
Weddle's my new favorite Charger. Manti Te'o news conference interrupted
HL3- games for windows - a single tear was shed that day. Shingeki no GabeN
"Are tankies even leftists or are they just Russophiles lol Aid workers in Aleppo are ""typical Islamofascist barbarians"""
"*Peejays Well, people on here don't seem to rate items on how good they are, but how much they like them. That way tech x (one of the best items in the game) and binky (solid .7 tears up + soul heart, one of the best boss pool items) get like a ""meh, good enough"", while things like PJ's get a ""oma gerd, best item in game, 11/10, would always take""."
out of curiosity could you add a lower shooting station to the indoor range instead in the interim? I haven't popped it in yet as I have to wire that offset into a buuuuunch of places to not have the locomotion system throw fits. I will do it when I'm able to get it working cleanly (sorry).
Yeah I changed my name but I played back in map 8. Haha I am. Is your reddit your IGN?
No idea. What did I just read
Do you take photos with the VSCO app or the Google Camera? Slightly increased sharpness and slightly lowered exposure using the VSCO app.
Life wasn't pulling any punches with her I saw a hooker pull a used cup out of the trash and refill it.
Multiply each value by like a billion to account for the weight of OP's mom A graphic showing how fast a rocket must be traveling to leave a planet.
"Well, someone has a shitty JM team that needs to communicate better. That's adorable. I've been combat rigged for 7 hours before."
"I might be a Fanboy of the Witcher franchise, but boy there is no single track in the Witcher 3 that I don't like! The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt-Hearts of Stone Main Menu Theme"
"I think Danny characters in Aaron Sorkin world are as such perfect. Am I the only one completely in love with Danny Concannon? I'm rewatching while listening to The West Wing Weekly. I've always known I love Danny but my god this time it's really killing me. His patience with CJ, his complete lack of pressure while being persistent, his dedication to his job and general sense of fairness. I just adore him, and had to say it."
"I know lots of men who don't have sex with women because they aren't attracted to them...they represent a fairly large segment of the population, they have clubs, and parades...just sayin' Ask him again why he doesn't want sex, because the reason he gave you makes no sense."
My villager's plot was placed the next day :) I JUST GOT ANKHA IN A PACK LAST NIGHT AND I JUST ASKED HER TO MOVE IN TODAY!!! they say she'll move in soon but idk how soon that is. a couple days?
"To be honest, Donald Stephenson should still be on this list this week. PFF: 10 worst players on Sunday"
"I used to have this issue, but one day it hit me.... Why would I expect rationality out of people who practice prejudice? I'm actually kinda happy mutants aren't a part of MCU cos it's always puzzled me why mutants are so hated but any other superpowered people are so loved. Leaving the Xmen in their own world limits this problem."
This I hate your comment so much I can't decide whether to upvote or downvote it.
"pretty good and no dub step soundtrack, well done I made another cinematic trailer: Star Citizen Summer Trailer 2016"
"When do you take a bork and when do you go gunblade usually? honestly dont build guinsoos its not good. get a bork or gunblade after tri, ga third and then more tank"
"Even shilling is a 9-5 job If last weekend vs. this week was any indication, you can make up for the downvotes during the workweek by being sure to post a comment or two during the weekend, haha."
Jazquizz when Martin falled. Jacquizz when the Martin fell.
I wonder what it's like dating a guard dog. More so now that the ex isn't on guard preventing it I'll bet.
"No, right there are you blind? there is nothing even remotely close there"
This should be world wide punishment for all pedophiles and rapers... Pedophile gets jumped after he attempts to molest someone
"doe eens kalm maat, diene gaat gewoon hoger beroep aantekenen hoor en da kan nog efkes duren eer heel die procedure is afgelopen That does it. Resign. GTFO. However you may feel about the issue itself, this is a governement official openly refusing to honour a judicial decision. Go. Leave the country. Go work in some banana republic. This is a country where Rule of Law supersedes your gigantic ego."
"Yeah that dash needs a space after it -- looks like ""negative 8"" Oh phew I thought we lost 8 delegates."
Literally Yeah if you go out naked.
"I'd get ready for beer pong with Hitler How would you react if you was in hell but turned out to be great beer,women,sex and football?"
"Maybe people that don't like that they are accepting questions only via Twitter? How the hell does this have any down votes, let alone 15?"
PIE al a balls. Is that including balls?
"When I find them, they are in the suburbs (in the US) Who/where are you people with all the Snorlax?? I am level 29 and have traveled to three continents - never seen one. Not even a Lapras. :|"
The mods decided the wanted to have the bloods run a train on their asses. Forgive me father for I have sinned. I made 40 bucks at a dive bar glory hole swallowing baby gravy and I'm still not as big of a faggot as the mod team here.
"Wait until you meet the Triage Nurse! Rant: Why do the nurses act like such assholes to med-students? God I'm sick of it. I were supposed to meet a in-patient for a practice interview and exam and got the contact info from the attending. Further got instructions to just introduce myself to the head nurse in the call room to be given a examination room and be introduced to the patient. I do exactly as I have been told. I'm polite and introduce myself and says I'm here to examine ""Bill ClinTEN"" and I just get this snickering ""eeeeehm do you mean Bill ClinTON?"" I check my note and it says ""ClinTEN"" but I guess? Que major sighs and eye rolls from the two nurses, then they just ignore me. I ask if they have a free examining room and they are like ""I guess so? It usually is at this time. You could go check?"". So I figure fuck it and just leave and find a room and the patient for myself, took some extra time but what ever. I checked the original instructions I got from the attending and it was he who misspelled the patients last name not me when copying it. It's not the first time. Sharp contrast to the general hype of ""Attendings are assholes, nurses are the angels of earth"" that usually goes around. Maybe it's just my hospital but in my experience 9 out of 10 times the attending will treat you better than the nurse."
"Goddamit I shouldn't follow random internet advice when in public ""Adamantly pro potato"" say that tens times fast! great job btw!"
That's what happened in test screenings for Apollo 13 - people complained that it was too unrealistic Amazing. If this were a movie I might not believe it.
"I think fundamentally Christian patriarchy is Biblical and the best model for family structure... but when one starts to follow a ""movement"" such as following a set of ideas of a few men, it becomes dangerous. The Patriarchy Movement: Five Areas of Grave Concern"
I too am glad He's off tommorow My old coworker must be off tomorrow.
"The Mind shares a pool with the item room and the angel room. I got the mind, so, I guess it is from treasure room pool? Maybe a new pool was created for this purpose"
"i thought certain zones required rails due to NPC traffic, such as Arc Corp? just to point out that we first saw this video before we ever knew there were going to be PG planets. We all thought this landing sequence was on rails and there were concerns it would get boring eventually.. now that we know we will have complete freedom, this area is even more impressive."
"When I saw it for the 1st time, I expected it to say [True Identities](#s ""Owain and Inigo gained A Rank."") Odin/Laslow is probably my favorite support in Fates."
He finally counted all his 500 free hour CDs and realized he didn't have enough :-/ They just have realized that AOL would be included in the sale.
"Damn, the Kings are gonna end up being one of the tightest-knit teams on the ice. Pierre LeBrun on Twitter: ""Contract talks between LA Kings and Justin Williams (UFA July 1) began last week..Kings really want to bring him back and Williams loves LA"""
"....not even close to what I meant. Yeah, Apple added way too much rainbow and pink to the program. I think they're trying to push a political ideology on us..."
that 07 potato fish eye swag. My freestyle longboarding video from 2007
"You're not you when you're hungry, Jack ""Like if you think I'm sexy"" gets a response from mother."
"I've seen most of these before, but in color it makes them more ""real"". Well known historical photos colorized"
"Wouldn't take much to be considered a speed back next to Green or Smith though. Isaac isn't much of a speed back either. He's 6'3, 240."
Well say hi to Titus for me. I've met plenty. She is one of them.
"SSD, it is a surefire way to speed up your PC in 99% of things Hello brothers, I need some advise. I got $150 to spend what should I get for my PC?"
These guys can do no wrong in my book Metric - Collect Call (Adventure Club Remix)
"More like, a basic understanding of history, that both you and devilsavocat seem to lack. shhhh, OP has a narrative"
"he might be a good sidekick, unless he has talent we haven't seen. its the je ne sais quoi that gets him (or really anyone) anywhere. He has a very casual and easy magnetism about him. A Vegas show is probably not the best thing for him, but I have no doubt he could put together a super entertaining show that would exist in the space between *Donny &amp; Marie* and a burlesque show"
"I'm sorry I asked It was a very detailed and graphic description of how to have sex with a dog. I didn't read much of it, just skimmed it, but it was enough."
He will find the answer to the question 'is there beer on the sun?' McGreggor?!
Voattted World Press Awards 2016 Voting
"Alternate question, but can you give people the maker's finger if they already have one? Can you give people fake maker's finger? Thought it would be funny when they use it."
"Assuming your store has more than 2 employees, you're completely full of yourself. I've actually cried the last two quarters at not receiving it. It was the final straw in me realizing I'm thoroughly unappreciated at my store."
He goes to parties? You go to parties and talk about what you saw on reddit?
"Yeah I hear a lot of people complaining about how hard MEP is, but based off of content of their conversations, I think it's just mostly that they aren't used to writing comprehensive lab reports yet. Yea, they really don't... I've heard conflicting information that says it might be better, it might be worse. But that could be the students not realizing how much work it actually was, or the professors over-exaggerating it..."
The iceberg did it. Yep! I already know how it ends - the boat sinks.
It is a classic and does flow Lately I like bitchass and idk why
I will happily take their word for it. Fat people are better in bed!
"Jonathan: Gentleman Joseph: Trickster Jotaro: Poker Face Josuke: Teenager Giorno: Inspirational Jolyne: Delinquent Johnny: Egotistical Jo2uke: Best Define/Describe every JoJo in one word or phrase. Jonathan: Nice Guy Joseph: Bizarre Jotaro: Badass Josuke: Bro Giorno: Determined Jolyne: Punk Johnny: Anti Hero Jo2uke: Curious (Of note: I'm in the middle of reading part 5, and I only have surface level understandings of the next protagonists)"
And link your Origin account Now you need to play Uplink to complete the EE
"Nah, but my lust for 18 year old girls is definitely getting creepier. I think a few guys will get this..."
Good argument. Fuckwit
"Yes, yet sjws decend on this thread spouting circular logic trying to convince us otherwise. Just have to say this. Were the WBC a largish terrorist organization with violent intents, the world would tell Christians to examine their religion and openly disavow them. They would be asked to root out the wolves in their midst and expose them. Yet whenever it's pointed out that Muslims should do the same they call it ""Islamophobia."""
"Same, Vanu forever haha Wasn't inspired by them, but I can see the resemblance. Vanu for life, though."
"no, you're thinking about Michael Jackson+ it was the other way around He also used to be white."
Ghetto weebs are best weebs Bitch hell no yo eyes ugly as fuck I can't bust a nut to a wackass tiny mouth Sid the sloth lookin ass ho
They better get a JJL stand named after them Araki did an album cover of Dirty Loop's japanese edition of their debut album. Searched the reddit and didnt see any posts about it!
Germans sure as fuck don't mind when they eat Doner at midnight or need to take a cab somewhere. yeah seriously. I don't really see a problem with what was in that clip. it's just another islamophobic right leaning propganda piece. Just a crock of shit really. So what if turkish people want to celebrate their nation? isn't that was diversity and multiculturalism is about? Imam merkel would be proud and everyone else is disgusting for even thinknig its not a good thing
"I'm waking up with you You know I love you, Dottie"
"Reddit has ruined the rest of the Internet for me. I only Reddit. 1. I reach the 300th post. 2. I refresh and start over. 3. Once too many posts repeat, pick a subreddit and look at that 4. Once done, I go to bed since it's probably already 5 hours after I intended to go to sleep. 5. GOTO 1"
chest ahead therefore try two-handing try tongue but hole?
They should just make paying for a mod optional for people who want to support the mod creators but not force everyone to use this new system. Steam to add paid mods to Skyrim
"Guys, I found the pathological liar. I'm not a pathological liar."
"Bubba Gump shrimp is real, though. How Can We Nuke A Forrest If Our Bombs Aren't Real?!?"
"I thought it was pretty obvious from the title. Oh snap, you're the only one who's gotten it!"
"ITT: ""i thought u ment terrorism xddd"" Any chance for an Isis skin for Ana?"
Military-industrial complex. Nanomachines.
"FoV slider for console. What do you guys want in the next COD I was wondering what you guys want to keep/lose/want in the next COD. I would like to keep the fast gameplay, the specialist. I want to lose the 3 way based map design. And I probaly like a game less futuristic than BO3 is and cross play with XBOX"
Fun for the whole family! Or you could always join in!
"The Granville Strip Can anyone recommend a kid friendly road trip for this long weekend? My passport just expired, so the States is out."
"Here are a couple of mine off the top of my head: Modest Mouse - ""Parting of the Sensory"" off of ""We Were Dead Before The Ship Even Sank"" Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers - ""Fault Lines"" off of ""Hypnotic Eye"" Green Day - ""Panic Song"" off of ""Insomniac"" Pink Floyd - ""Childhood's End"" off of ""Obscured by Clouds"" What's a deep track from an artist or band that you think would kill it in 2016 for those that never heard it before?"
"If I had a nickle for every time someone with a phone under the recommended requirements called a memory crash a ""bug"" I could buy them all new phones. About a tenth of the time when I click a Pokemon, the game freezes and I'm forced to restart. Yeah, just thought I'd report this bug here and see if it's anyone else."
i feel sorry for the *figures* oh gosh HAHAHA! It's so true XD
"I cast magic missile on the the darkness. TIL in 1993 Egyptologists sent a small rover through one of the Air Shafts of the Great Pyramid. The rover came in contact with a stone door with two copper handles attached. To this day, the door has not been opened and now one knows where it leads"
"I wonder how many white house staffers will be sent to her funeral Petition to present the ""Hug Lady"" with the Presidential Medal of Freedom"
"""If I dont shit on this roof no one will ffs"" Dog shitting on roof"
It's bad now but I'm sure it will all calm down once the plebiscite is a go and federal government funding becomes available. Mandela Foundation 'objects misuse of legacy' in LNP members' anti-same-sex marriage campaign
"So, on the basis of a gif, you can tell how hard the dog was playing with the kitten? The dogs also much bigger. You wouldn't let a ten year old roughhouse a baby"
Show us! I know what the image of a fair Jail cell looks like too.
"Ever get any buttery donkeys with that username? Cheese are friends, not food."
"He couldn't even ""hack"" snap chat to make it to allow more text Got in an argument with a self proclaimed ""hacker"". He managed to get my snapchat and sent this to me 2 weeks afterwards. Absolutely terrifying."
Anything after 2 am. What is never a good idea?
"Maybe it's because war was the barbarian invaders' business after the fall of Rome and even before that Roman army was not recruited from the local rural population. What struck me the most when making this map is the Latin *bellum* didn't make it as the word for ""war"" in any of its daughter languages. Most of the western romance languages ended up with a Germanic word, while Romanian got a Slavic loanword. I read a possible explanation that the type of orderly war associated with *bellum* simply didn't fit the picture of the chaotic clashes that followed the fall of the Roman Empire, but I'm not sure if this idea has any real historical backing."
"Calm down bud major releases aren't all smooth, the game isn't going anywhere it does when we work the next day. who the fuck releases a game on a monday night. i wanted to get an hour or so in but now ill get to spend 30 min fucking around with errors. and also it fucking does. i paid money for access to a game on march 8th. not march 8th at 3 am."
"Unless you use buttons for shortcuts outside of gaming, you will never realistically use more than what's offered on the g502 I only see three on the side though?"
"If we both worked solidly together, the days it would take would be inversely proportional to how many civilians we want to kill in the process. They could be defeated within days if both the US and Russia work together instead of having conflicting interests."
"i can't even get a boomerang to return to me on earth TIL an astronaut threw a boomerang while in a space station and it returned to him. As long as there is air to provide the necessary forces, a boomerang will return to its thrower, even in the weightlessness of Earth's orbit."
1 byte (MB) is 8 bits (Mb) Yeah I think it is the bits and bytes thing.
Love those ass to mouth machines Let me just put my PIN number into the ATM machine so I can get that $60 bucks.
"Prometheus. What's your favorite that-was-amazing-but-Im-never- watching-it-again movie? Mine would be City of God; an amazing, captivating and heartbreaking film. So heartbreaking, in fact, that I have no desire to see it again."
1.00 GAA isn't *thaaaaat* bad... And if you saw tornaghi vs Edmonton you'd be even more concerned.
"Risk and reward of that is far from equal, but then again its a talent (so reward should be bigger). I'm not super happy about the Glass Cannon talent. The design of it makes me nervous. It's not a talent I would personally want to pick while playing her, but it's the kind of talent that could be seen as a must-pick. From the perspective of fighting her, I don't like the constant damage boost it provides, even if it makes her squishier."
"Michigan: Colorado, Wisconsin, PSU Ohio State: Oklahoma, Wisconsin, Michigan. Yet you are still counting them in your ""six combined top ten wins"". Either you count the team with the ranking when you meet or preferably the ranking at the end of the season. You are mixing and matching to make your side look better that it is by either individual standard."
Except you don't pay someone hundreds of thousands to get a yelling at. It's not beyond her campaign to just release a fake transcript where she's giving the finance sector some serious talk rather than licking their heels.
sounds fun And we can target aurins
"sounds like you live in africa Look, I have 200 teenagers and I can name on one finger the number who have jobs."
I really like the idea behind this one I'm still a student but I would want to be given a bagon at birth. I think it'd be a shelgon by now.
That's a ridiculously specific situation. What? Why? He can make any fight 1 for 1 because if say a darius that is full health have 5 bleed and ignite on tahm he can just eat Darius and from your title he also dies too making Tahm Kench even more bullshit. Nice try.
"Shit, you're right. Not in Cleveland."
"I don't know, but it's not there yet. At what point is it so trashy it's actually art?"
You didn't..know... this OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD. ... OH MY GOD.
Yay! Najib is innocent!
"Ouch ""I have syphilis"""
"Is there a difference between the two? Yes, pretty much any computer can have a WiFi card installed in it. For that PC, you could either get a WiFi adapter that's installed in a PCI Express slot on the inside or one that plugs into a USB port on the rear panel."
"I'm still not sure why he still has the same gimmick from when he was Hunico's sidekick when Hunico isn't even a thing anymore. What''s wrong with Camacho? I just watched NXT Takeover and Camacho looked awesome . He's got a good look , great athleticism and was getting some pretty decent heat. So I guess my question is why isn't he a bigger star?"
"I've usually got raped on ammo and never actually bought a gun there because the one I was interested in was so cheap it was probably stolen. The biggest misconception is that you're going to get a good deal. From what I've seen, gunshows are almost always ripoffs."
"Troll or not, this is getting genuinely illegal ...this guy is fucking pedo."
;) nah
"You're bullshitting me, right? It does. If you circle your finger in your ass, you'll shit everywhere. It's a process called Digital Stimulation. You don't see it in pornos as they flush everything first."
"Those jerks with their words, and...and their sentence structure, and their not accidentally saying pedophillic things. Darn those people who make verbalization look so EASY."
"Been playing since launch day, about 20 hrs a week, no intention of stopping How Many of You Currently Playing Have Been With The Game Since Launch? I'm very curious to know how many players on this subreddit who currently play this game still have been with it since launch. I personally have not touched it in months due to becoming extremely bored with the current content, but will come back once HoW is released."
"""The Tommyknockers"" the over-expectation kills the story - when an author promises something, makes the recipient expect something, but cannot fulfill his promise in the end."
Because Nintendo Why doesn't Sakurai post balance change logs like PM or EVERY OTHER FIGHTER DOES? He must know that we'll go to extreme lengths to find out what the changes are anyway so...why not just make it easier on us by listing the changes like every other game ever does when changed??
I like the clear acrylic and LEDs on the shield Luna cosplay (5 months to make)
"$$$$ Welcome to Hinkie's world, where every contract is an asset $$$$ So there is a team that is actually willing to give up TWO second rounders and a 26 y.o with decent potential for Kendall Marshall who's coming off a torn ACL. Wow.."
"Probably $350-$400 Alienware m11x R3 Price Check - i7 with 540m with 8 gigs of RAM I bought the laptop around May 2011 - I have used it mainly for school and light gaming on the go, World of Warcraft settings turned to medium/high. I am looking at the new Microsoft Surface 2s and am just wondering what I could get for the machine. The specs are: i7-2617m at 1.50 GHz 8 gigs of RAM at 1866 mhz (two DIMMs) Nividia 540M with 2 gigs of RAM 500 gig hard drive at 7200 RPM 1366 x 768 LED screen Wifi/bluetooh built in"
Verizon has just over 100 million I believe. Do you really think they are recording the calls of 300 million people?
Heyyy me too :P Saying Hello from harrisonburg :)
"Mad Men What shows are you watching that aren't Game of Thrones, Breaking Bad, The Walking Dead, The Wire, or Doctor Who?"
Not always not coming not from not take someone else not down. Are you part of the 79%?
Added you. Sure
I'd love to see a final pic Biggest tenon I will ever do.
Try pick pocketing the core. Preston won't give me back power armor
No doubt. Also noteworthy is the fact that Sikkim has given us our finest footballer till date - Bhaichung Bhutia!
"Totally feels like a soundtrack This album definitely works the best in context. Seperate some of the songs might e like ?????? But together, they make this emotional, cinematic and powerful experience. It really makes you feel like you're in a movie from beginning to end."
Kai Leng because he is a Mary Sue. Who would actually win between Thane Krios and Kai Leng? (Probable ME3 spoilers indisde)
study it out. Learning is elitist.
I like how I deserve to be shamed for circumstances beyond my control. I quite literally had to check my privilege at work this morning...
He's doing it because he knows it was well within the rules and him asking for the investigation and being found innocent is by far the best result public relations wise for him. Is he doing this as the loophole seems to state the AFP cannot investigate once the Finance Dept has been asked to investigate?
CLG played it vs Jin Air game 2 I believe What game were they played kid?
Clever title! Those two kids have seen Jurassic Park
Mhm sure Donald Trump's Child Rape Accuser Canceled Her Press Conference Due to Death Threats
"I wonder where his beautiful wife Princess Banana Hammock is? His name is Crap Bag. First name Crap, last name Bag."
You can't change the title of a post Update status: Pleased Giraffe
So which is which? Apparently face paint is racist now
And Corrado! Auston Matthews is a Toronto Maple Leaf.
"Getting Aldridge, hopefully What the fuck are we even doing"
I figured it was more stable to have an unusual that will probably hold it's value longer than the Strange festives (because imagine how many Strange Festives there will be come January 3rd). nope. I haven't played since last night. Congrats on the unusual!
"Why am I even upvoting this? Yeah, your right. This one bugs me way more then the others. Their not nearly as annoying."
"Coming from someone who is so careless as to take the insightful words of an individual, change the words to fuck up their intended sentiment, and indelibly print the inaccurate version on their skin, I imagine you are correct that your amount of shit-giving will probably only wither further. i'm nearing 30. I don't think i'm going to suddenly start giving a shit when I get older. I think the amount of shit I give will only decline from here on out."
"Yeah, let's all go to Cuba to buy a car that's been beat to hell for decades when the same car, in the US, has been restored with readily available parts and has only been driven to the occasional car show on the weekend. Cuba bracing for vintage-car gold rush"
"the headline really makes his fans sound like a cult, which would actually be pretty accurate. Bernie Sanders' 'True Believers' Pack Boston Campaign Event"
...der hat mich zum fressen gern... Heute treff ich einen Herren...
He didn't even put the ring on the correct hand. Painful. Good find.
My siblings and I spent at least a good forty minutes on our individual phones trying to find it. Does anyone know where I can get this poster?
"Slavery works! To be fair, coffee, chili, and raspberries/roses have done quite well under the care of humans."
"His VP pick is a real eye opener. Yes, 100%, progressives should vote for Trump. Ending global wars and not passing the TPP are the most progressive actions a president can do without the aide of congress. These are things Trump will do. These are also things that, without even an atom sized shred doubt, Hillary will not do. She will engage in and continue to manufacture military problems. She will worsen our relations with Russia. She will pass the TPP. She will not change money in politics, in fact she just repealed rules set in place by Obama in order to keep up with Bernie's clean money campaign. I have been a democrat for 20 years, that ends this November."
Rask looks hurt Game Thread: Bruins vs Sabres | The buffalo go extinct Time to bounce back from last game and double down on the hatred of all things New York! **GO BRUINS**
I don't but it amuses me to write it out like that. I hope you don't seriously think it says donzerly.
"lol who cares... fox was there too, so your statement seems nonsensical White House Correspondents dinner is now on the same level as the Justin Bieber roast. Pressitutes to Obama: Mein Fuhrer, we love you so much. Why don't we throw a big bash in your honor."
Sounds fucking weird to me Haha sounds fun !
"Presumably New Zealand... Na WI are gonna win it. I mean, who can stop us?"
"Snap me at tiago_consta if you want 21 Bored post-grad, petite redhead reporting for duty."
"The open steppe, fleet horse, falcons at your wrist, and the wind in your hair. R1a1a, what is best in life?"
"I'm ready now, name is the same on DN. I'm ready when you are"
"TRIM support for SSD drives. What do you want Sony to do at their E3 conference that won't happen? I want to see Sony come out and say at the very start ""the ONE thing you won't get on PS4, the ONE thing that our competitors have that we dont, the ONE thing you won't get that everyONE seems to be discussing, is a required internet connection!"" Fans rejoice, fireworks burst into the sky from the stage, and burst of smoke rises from the centre of the stage to slowly unveil Kaz Hirai standing triumphantly with the PS4 controller raised into the air in victory, the crowd still applauding in awe as Kaz screams from the top of his lungs ""PLAYSTATION 4!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"". A single green light emits from a shadowed out box at the front of the stage, women fainting, gamers absolutely losing their fucking minds, the shadow lifts to unveil what the PS4 looks like in all its glory. cue Sony Press Conference Sony's press conference shows off all the amazing features and 10 PS4 gameplay videos, blowing our minds. At the end of the show they announce what the PS4 will cost, that it comes with 1TB or 2TB hard drive, the latter coming with a PS Vita bundled and Killzone Shadow Fall. Kaz arrives back to the stage with Jack Tretton to end the show, they say: ""Before we go, we have one last guest for you"" IT'S MOTHERFUCKING KEVIN BUTLER! Kevin Butler enters the stage, Kaz and Jack leave. Kevin Butler gives a motivational speech to the attendees about the idiocy of DRM, how gamers want to buy a gaming console not a box that can also play games, taking shots as Microsoft and their new console, while finishes with a triumphant ""LONG. LIVE. GAMING!!!"" Sony Press Conference Ends"
"To me, sliced bread tastes a lot worse than other breads. I've always found the saying ""It's the best thing since wrapped bread"" peculiar, since I generally don't like sliced bread. The slices rarely are just the right thickness for my taste. Hmm...that sounds like a FWP..."
Adding my name to the hat :) Battlefield 1 giveaway. I will pick winner randomly at 10pm mt.
"I really should make that wireless usb thing shouldn't I... I want to ghetto my G430's to be wireless. I've been wondering if i could ghetto wireless my G430's. I've tried Googling my way, but i've only found USB headsets. I want to get a USB device i can plug into my G430's, that transfers signal to my computer, so i can use my G430's with full sound and microphone working, just like it would via USB, but wireless. Is that possible?"
What dyes do we get New Pack - Sorcerer Skin &amp; Dyes
"I thought it was sonething like he spent 75 million on creating busineses but the current value of those buisiness is only 22 if he was forced to sell It's likely not even really debt as most people understand it. It would be more accurate to call it business investments that haven't gone very well. Unless he has the world's worst financial advisors, the business ventures are all incorporated or limited liability companies, and has no personal liability if they go tits up. He just loses the money he personally invested."
"This was not even a serious war, Georgian president was an idiot and his country got really lucky to not become Russian territory. Russia and Georgia? Georgia had westernized machinery."
"Why is it so difficulty to keep a phone/camera steady? ""I am Spiderman!"" Urban rock climbing gone horribly wrong."
"You also have 90 days to dispute the charge via your credit card company. The order was made on May 9, so I waited a long time and the seller made me wait even longer. My case closed about 2-3 days ago, it's when I realize that the seller tricked me. Sadly didn't use paypal, I just verified and I paid with credit card."
And the Leg in YEG So is city hall
"Yes, but only with the amiibo you don't have. is it amiibo compatible?"
"That's hilarious You can. That was my favorite suicide, before I stopped running SP."
"Jokes on them, I never get cards! My hope is Blizzard is secretly tracking every time you vote for yourself and they're going to release the statistics in some fashion at some point. Like under your card, the % you have voted for your own card. We would all be fucked."
so *that's* what it means doesn't the golden dild indicate that you've won a fartistry contest before?
I can't wait to be a prisoner again. I have high hopes for the next Elder Scrolls. Fallout 4 didn't do so well against other titles and Todd Howard said the technology to realize their artistic vision isn't currently usable. Maybe we're getting a new engine that can serve as a platform to compete with game worlds the likes of Witcher 3 and GTA V.
"Not a female, but you look like Edward Norton. What do you think?"
"I'm waiting for it to get delayed a month then have some yinzer hit me when it's snowing, trying to do a Pittsburgh left before I get the chance to sell it back So what is everyone thinking?"
"Oh, hi yo I like to call it ""Ohio."""
Who is the parkour dude? The Parkour dude? People still think that was real?
"And or more alcohol, if not working repeat this step. ...and attraction."
I bet he falls for the BG-/camp prank every single time. Problem?
Test test 123 Commenting now to see where I get banned from.
"Why solve the problem when you can use it to get ratings, money, and votes? How come all of these school shootings have been happening in America and nobody does anything about it?"
As my party's Gnome... it's always the Gnome. Which other player am I the least fond of...?
"she is totally onto him She liked it 4 years ago, but no longer does? She's telling you to update your wardrobe, buddy."
He's going to ask the NBA to tell them to stop booing. I think the Oracle crowd is going to hurt Lebron's feelings with all that loud cheering for the other team.
"Dont go to shields electronics, i went there to buy one and they were going to have to order it for me, taking 4 days and costing more than they do online. Are there any places locally that sell the Raspberry Pi 2? I don't really want to get ripped off on Amazon or drive to Microcenter today to buy one. Is there anywhere locally that sells them for close to retail price? I'm interested in building a retropie box today!"
"Suggesting a cyclist should obey traffic laws, that's a paddlin Same with anti-bicycle"
"Reread my comment again, I said in the finals as he was really poor for the CL final and practically absent in the euro final How was Ronaldo carried by Real Madrid and Portugal to the finals ? He was one of their best players, if not the best. In order to be carried you have to be a weight for your team and that means being one of the worst players in the team or at least mediocre."
"Yippie ki yay, motherfucker! Without naming the country, where are you from?"
"In Finland the whole show is edited to remove all the collar stuff and what not cause they're illegal here. Try googling criticism of Cesar Milan. Many organizations for professional dog training have actively been combating his approach. It is very outdated. Much of the criticism is that it often makes the situation worse, and many of the dogs ""rehabilitated"" by Cesar have subsequently attacked their owners. There have been several episodes where the dogs were abused. In at least one instance the shelter the dog came from had the dog removed from the owners in consequence of them treating the dog the way Cesar advised. Cesar makes for great TV entertainment but has been very negative for dog training."
More *vacuous sloganeering*. Anon wants a catchphrase for The Donald
"Get a dedicated video card, you will suffer as long as you run intel graphics i7, 8 gb ram, intel hd 4600"
"Weird, we made the exact same order. As a Canadian, I don't feel left behind today!"
"Because originally they were shown after the feature film, ""Trailing"" behind it. Why are they called movie ""trailers"" when they're released prior to the actual Film? Why not call them ""leaders""?"
build dat wall No materialismo is mexican
"Cant be done, if you see in the Human Saga, they also speak of bringing them back, but they breathed another atmosphere, clone some and they would suffocate seconds later. Early end? That series was insanely long. The end was a bit deus ex machina, but it had to end eventually. Would love some crossovers, though."
Bought mine for Rutgers (only game I can attend since I coach 2 soccer teams that play weekends). 2016 Football Single Game Tickets now on sale
Hard to open someone else's casket when youre already in one... Especially since she died. Reportedly he's not even allowed to open up her casket.
Sad thing is the Hawks were pretty big on Porzingis and would have probably taken him at 15th in the 2014 draft if he wouldn't have pulled out of the draft. I'll gladly take Porzingis.
If you want games optimized for low end gear get a console... Haha. Why are PC games not optimized for low end gaming computers instead of making games too demanding to run so that only a few people can play them?
Can't wait to see what's coming out of spj Airplay guide
"If my wages merely kept pace with inflation, but now I have air conditioning, a 50"" plasma, a cell phone, high speed Internet, and a longer life expectancy....versus 30 years ago when I had none of those things, did I really lose ground? The difference is that's not what happens. If everyone went up 10% there would be little argument against it. It's the inequality that is rising dramatically at the expense of the working class. Once you factor in inflation, most of the working class have been stifled if not lost value when the whole idea behind trickle-down economics was to supposed to result in the opposite. What was sold and what was delivered were two very different things."
"You must be whooshing his whose, but then I realized I whooshed you whosh on his whosh. Uh, well double *woosh* is suppose."
"When two main parties pick the only realistic candidates for public office and don't consider themselves public organizations, that's not really democracy, or even a republic to be honest. the primary process was never intended to be democratic"
In spades. Jesus h Christ.
I was in a public park (not a State Park) in the southeastern US. Could you please answer the questions as to where you were and what kind of park you were in?
You can just tell when people are going to be annoying #RelationshipGoals
"The larger components we're all shipped via shuttle. To be fair, it is Russian rockets that get a lot of shit up there."
PA V MIMMS MOTHERFUCKER YOU DON'T SAY!?
"Disney And he's basically Marvel property, all in all, now....he's on Dysney Infinity."
"God, that's incredibly accurate. Watching Dota 1 videos for me is like trying to read French. Every so often, I can recognize a bit here and there, but most of it looks completely indecipherable."
"It's Clif bar (note the one f) I take a couple cliff bars (or sports bar of choce), and a banana or apple to hold me over for a 50ish mile ride. Make sure you have two water bottles on your bike and a jersey with enough pockets to stash your goodies. Alternatively you can plan your route to make sure there is a convenient store or shop to pick up some snacks mid ride."
I can't wait to see what his ghost writer comes up with. Ron Paul is writing a new Manifesto
What a true whale would say. NoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooOOOOOOOoooooooooooo!
"Learn how to punt Of course, I live in Australia tho. Any tips"
yes but luckily you got rid of it before too many brains were rotted. We had a Fox News?
Holy shit he actually fired a round and she kept on fighting him. Bar's landlady with a baby fights off armed robber
Battlefield Heroes was the game that introduced me to TF2 :( RIP RIP Battlefield Heroes (25.06.09 - 14.07.15)
Garcia Salka Most corrupt event of the year nominations below...
"Me too man, no one should work that hard for someone so shitty. The ""I got too busy"" part made me feel bad"
Has to be a record for earning karma. This user became a redditor tomorrow
"Even the darkest cloud can have a silver lining ""Lesser of two evils"" ha. Never thought Donald Trump might fit the description. If Bernie drops out I'll probably vote Johnson and smile when Hillary gets her ass kicked out of politics for good."
"Also microwave radiation is non ionizing so although being inside of a microwave will kill you it wont damage your DNA. Indeed, the panel with all the little 3mm holes in it looks the same as a solid metal wall to those giant 12cm waves. On another related note, this is why microwaves don't give you cancer. The waves are many times too big to frazzle your tiny DNA molecules. By contrast, X-ray waves are about 0.0000001 cm long, and can damage DNA."
a picture of stalin and a bottle of grain alcohol. Interesting: some of the Soviet airplanes have first aid kits in their cockpits
nice tip How to limit network bandwidth on Linux
You can buy 3 packs for $5... iloome is selling Tempered Glass Screen protectors for $5. Just wanted to pass on the info
"it's literally a kit, I've even made one in like 20 min Exactly. Innovation doesn't have to mean an original idea. It can be a novel change to an existing one."
"Do yourself a favor and don't get sucked into the world of ""tone..."" Too many people are prissy assholes about it for no reason. Thanks for your opinion! I'm not very experienced and this will be my first real electric(had a shitty first act when i was younger) and it's people like you that make me wanna learn more about tone and other stuff about guitars"
"You're probably just lucky, find a nice plank and put that under you PC. I've been using my PSU fan side down on a carpet for over 2 years now, I've never had a problem, but now i dont know if I've just gotten lucky or what?"
"I wanna go with Stephen Fry on this one. I forget who said it, but someone said something along the lines of ""You have every right to be offended by something somebody else expresses. However, the fact that you're offended doesn't mean they have any less right to express it."""
It was the first one on reddit. Yeah it's a hive of SJWness
"Bigger question, what if you catch one with your teeth is that a hit or a save? What if someone opened their mouth."
Why has Bob Ross started popping up everywhere? This Bob Ross painting has a satisfying twist.
"I found my soulmate Est date: I don't fucking know, Oct maybe? little do they know, they can't play me cause I can't qualify HUEHUEHUE!"
"I think all first responder personnel. With as much money as I spend, I need to start trying for the public safety hook-ups. Though I think only Glock does LE pricing for EMS."
"Awesome, thank you :) Thank you. Your post is all set. Good luck. :D"
"American store of fuel, food and drinks. What's Wawa?"
A condition of your membership in this private club we call America includes paying your dues (taxes). Would you take someone's property at gunpoint if they refused to pay taxes to a government?
"apparently your panels are a true to life, full documentary study of your life, with no edits As you can see, I'm quite the vagina and use the machines. The only place I don't put weights away is my apartment. My floor is a fucking obstacle course."
"Now you know the truth - is that the truth that Steven is an AMAZING crime scene cleaner? You've perfectly illustrated exactly what makes this case so fascinating and addictive. Exactly the opposite, I came into this thinking he was innocent. It wasn't until I read through the transcripts and other evidence in detail that I crossed over to the other side. Having the additional information led you to the exact opposite conclusion than it did to me. The most impactful information, at least for me, was learning more about SA's true character and just how violent and manipulative he is. Coming out of the series, I thought he was just a poor, humble, misunderstood teddy bear. Now that I know the truth, I realize I couldn't have been more wrong."
I think this video was a disa... Shit! Dangle: Prepare for Disappointment
Two Things You Need to Know Before Hitchhiking Across the Galaxy! Your favorite books now have clickbait titles. What are they called now?
I've never screeched that loud in my life Benzema scorpion kick effort vs Levante
"The gif edit would've been 5/7 with rice, but no moving handrail, and no rice means it only gets a 4/7 With rice?"
Me too thanks. Wouldn't it be dank magic then by that logic?
"Yes, be a good democrat and vote early and vote often. Good on you. You should vote early. Tell your friends."
"As it currently stands is there like a date during the pregnancy at which point after, a woman can't get one? Planned Parenthood files 'first wave' of lawsuits to protect abortion rights across the US"
Then just calm remind yourself how absolutely and completely insignificant your death is in the universe and you should feel better. Yup. When I start thinking about space &amp; the universe too much it reminds me that one day I'm going to die &amp; I flip the fuck out.
"Cookie-puss, I will eat your soul! Rosebud Frozen Peas, full of country goodness, and green pea-ness."
**Hi-Rez add another damage class** Not another fucking damage class.
"A major reason for that was that the stock was posted on the door, and most people were only there for the 0-4 Ness per store. If it's on the way, drive past Target on your way to GameStop- if there are 4 or more people in line, go to GameStop. Target is supposedly allowing 2 of each character per person, and NO ONE (okay, like one or two people) camped at GameStop last wave, at least not before 8am."
Meme settings on ULTRA. Reminder that Bernie will never be president no matter how hard you imagine it cucks
Never gonna give you up... Can't stop....won't stop.
You never want to be caught riding one. What do fat chicks and mopeds have in common?
"Or you can just realize that ""god"" is probably derived from an alternative name to Woden/Oden or his son. I've made a point to replace ""Thank God"" in my everyday vocabulary with ""Thank FSM."" 'Fake' religion or not, I feel much cleaner saying the latter."
That's your prequel content right there! Battlefront 2 Artwork leaked.
"Only if he can't fix a toaster I wonder if the Leafs are starting to say ""Fire Horachek!"" yet."
You know you aren't wrong. The significant problem is that the Quran also propounds a political/governmental model.
Nobody expects the Dodge Neon. I wasn't expecting a Dodge Neon.
"foot massages don't mean shit. I once had a woman ask me to take off her shoes and give her a foot massage during a chair massage. I suspected her intentions were sexual but proceeded anyway. As I removed her shoes (high heels with straps that buckled like a belt) she began moaning. having not actually started touching her foot my suspicion was confirmed. I did it anyway, I gave her the pleasure she desired knowing full well what I was doing. When the timer went off, I received my payment and she was on her way. I never felt so dirty in my life. And she was very attractive and I have somewhat of a foot fetish. true story"
"Um... That wouldn't be our only common opponent by then record vs common opponents. We beat the Panthers, they lost to them."
"HoI3... join us... join us Reddit, What is a card game or video game I can get addicted to??"
"He said it happened outside, he'd be getting dirt and debris when your weed Take your vacuum/hoover, cover the end with a shirt and suck that bud into the shirt, profit."
I see Frankenstein Am I the only one who sees the hulk in this dime?
I thought you were trying to make a joke... (some ass).... ^^^goddamnit
great band name! juice box wizards!
That sounds like a terrible place to work I hate when this happens too. Luckily the location near me has the new design where you watch the employees make your order. I will call them out when I am shorted.
"Psyentist: A person who uses the power of their mind to bend spoons and disprove god. ""psyentists""..."
Too bad about the rest of season 2. Avatar Wan in season 2 was masterful.
"Eren also produced a skinless titan on two occasions: the time when he stopped the canon bomb, and the time he grabbed the spoon. Are there two types of shifters? Something that's been bugging me about Titan Shifters: Reiner, Annie, and Bertolt all have Titan forms with no skin (in the chapter where Zeke defeats Reiner, the Armored titan is shown to be skinless under the plating). Inside the walls, meanwhile, all the Titans shown have skin: Grisha, Eren (both forms), Armin, and all the Reiss family shifters. Zeke seems to be an outlier with his hair-covered Titan, but ignoring him, all the Shifters from the Hometown have skinless titan forms, while the Wall Shifters all have forms similar to the mindless Titans. Could there be multiple forms from Titan serum?"
"No worries man, cheers Oh you're right I only read the 2 part."
"We should let dogs vote. If you can't get them to vote for you, make it so they can't vote or so their votes won't count."
my peripherials CORSAIR STRAFE SILENT RGB HyperX Cloud Core (horrible mic but overall good headset) some Logitech wireless mouse samsung TV wii sensor bar taped on top of TV now OP isn't as diverse as me When you realize you're adopted...
"I've had it happen to every type of lootable container (Chests, Bullymong piles, skag piles and the like) and vendors, it's really strange. I've seen several of those recently.."
"OH MY GOD SOMEONE PHOTOSHOP THAT LOGO BACK TO THE WAY IT SHOULD Be.. hey, my shift key got unstuck! All Aboard"
Nope! Do you have the shiny charm?
Oh you mean Karelia It's that odd releasable nation in East Sweden.
Paprika Which movie fucked with your head the most?
"45 minutes, but it wasn't rush hour, so it wasn't unbearably packed What's the longest you've been stuck on a subway?"
"Sometimes vets rip people off, my family had some bad experiences. Yup. People are always trying to avoid spending money at the vet. I'm a groomer and clients try to ask me medical questions about their dog all the time. Best I can do is a give an educated guess based on experience with confirmed problems I've seen. I always tell people they need to just take their dog to the vet to be safe."
Wordt er aan de top ook gesaneerd of zijn het alleen wat wegwerpslaven die eruit gaan? 440 werknemers weg bij Blokker
next to claremont What's in Monteclair? Sounds stupid.
"I never said either of them had the support of their party - what they have is the support of the oligarchs who now control our media. No, the American people definitely chose trump. He was in no way supported by the Republican party"
"The idea isn't to accommodate them, it's to reduce the number of victims. So since some people are awful, we should accommodate that?"
"Just got it, don't see what people are so crazy about. I'm sure you'll have one if you got the... Correct? link."
"Flatthony Earthano B.o.B. - ""Flatline"" &amp; Tyson - ""Flat to Fact"" TRACK REVIEWS"
"But isn't OpenGL Partially Resident Textures basically the same thing as DirectX Tiled Resources? This all leads back to the graphics technologies that are available and what is utilized within the X1 dev kits. When MS says this gen is a marathon, I think that means they have something up their sleeve for the ESRAM. Read up on tiled resources for one. I am just speculating, but maybe some of the DX12 news will be good for X1 and the ESRAM."
"There's no need to choose, just keep both on. Nat-PMP Detected."
"Better community. list of 'riot pls' demands * new client * replay system * fun modes (urf, mirror, hexakill, etc) * sandbox mode * 1v1/2v2 map * camera flip * blue/purple side balancing * improved rune system for lower level players * better tutorial can you think of anything else?"
"Technically disabled on regular story Platinum reward. Rare as hell. Also, I played Phoebe in that match. :D"
That was awesome :) Dear Mass Adapts vs Polt
"Probably just took advantage of it. I wonder if Fluttershy is actually ""swapped"" or if she just used the situation to let loose her real thoughts without consequences?"
"Same, Detroit all the way! I like Detroit. Mainly because I am a SVG fan and think he is a great coach and player developer. On top of that he knows how to build a team. Wish we could have gotten him although I know Presti wouldn't have relinquished any player personal power. Which is a real shame cause SVG knows what he is doing."
"Actually a hexapus, but that's not as funny. This is, quite literally, a sexopus."
Yah they have old diesel ones. TIL North Korea has Submarines.
"You state this like you feel before the riot people weren't getting ~~beat up~~killed like Freddi Gray by the cops. Because he appeared to be rioting, and when you are fighting the police or resisting arrest, your chances of being injured when they arrest you increase dramatically."
Mods and the vocal hivemind decided that's how they wanted it to be. Why are 90 percent of this subs post bad jokes? i don't get it. I don't see myself ever coming here anymore even tho this game (and old rs) have been my main game for 10+ years. every single post is just a shitty joke that has been posted 100x already.
"Which proves the whole point of it being a 'systemic issue' with police, in my opinion Difference is that the Health Inspector gonna get in that ass if they see any violations so you and your employer are incentivized to maintain proper sanitation practices, lest your source of income get shut down. Police don't have to fear that too much because they seemingly don't face many consequences."
But why? I called there customer service line about this. I made up a wild story about how my wife lost her shit and thought the butter was bad.
I wouldn't be offended but I would think you don't know enough about Shintoism if you think that works. People get offended if I decide to celebrate Wiccan holidays but worship Shinto Kami for example...
"Oh thank goodness No worries, they're talking about the comics."
"Tough luck for the kid, was playing so well. Fractured sternum for Charles Hudon. Out indefinitely."
"I'm seeing poopy Hill Omg, I can't stop seeing it!"
"DuckDuckGo Is this of any use here? How to Burst the ""Filter Bubble"" that Protects Us from Opposing Views | MIT Technology Review"
Micturation Monarchs? ...pisslords?
"It seems like it is cloudy in Tempe - but no chance of rain/thunderstorms until the afternoon. This is what I dread. I've been keeping my fingers crossed that she won't make it to the cycling leg because even on dry pavement she's going to be a hazard. Wet roads? Riding in the rain, maybe? Fuck. She may claim she's practiced riding on wet pavement, but it doesn't take a genius to know she hasn't practiced *near* enough. When she dumps that bike, best case scenario is that she's the only one to go down. I don't want to think about how bad things could go."
You could always do your job. There isn't much else to do in the office.
Chicken mcnuggets idk what that is
Damm right! Sportsmanship always feels good :)
"I'm certain if you even clicked a wikileaks link you've been added Something to think about that just dawned on me. They have all of the deplorables in one online basket. They know who we are here. Especially if they have spez and company. We have to prevail because we're already on ""the list"" if we fail."
"I reddit :) I know this wont be read, but those are jumbo plates. They are huge, but that weight is actually 10lbs. Apologies if this was already pointed out."
"He mouthed ""My Hammy"" What happened?"
"Your first part is the most important.. sadly The direwolf scenes cost too much, having Ghost in the battle and survive would seem too unlikely so they left him out."
Freeze the enemy hog he dropped it as soon as he got it. the 1 second delay is what makes it seem like he waited
"Seriously, that mall looks amazing The mall was more impressive than they were"
ok Kill Me
You're looking at right around $100. Price Check on IceQ iTurbo AMD Radeon HD 7850 Just wondering what the above mentioned graphics card normally goes for. Thanks!
Yo an sks isn't a 69 camaro. Would you have the same sentiment if you saw someone cutting up a '69 Yenko Camaro chassis just to put on a lowrider suspension and rollerskate tires on it?
May the blessings of Atom shine upon you Brother. It was at this moment Viggowl knew; he fucked up
dollarama poutine sounds like marde Ha ben tabarnak! Avec la fourchette du Dollarama en plus!
Good ole Photoshop Phriday. Happy Hour Playset
Found the guy who has never played cs before. Yeah blame everything on s1mple. If its that easy to destroy his confidence he doesnt have what it takes to be pro. What a fucking joke.
SO LETS JUST PRETEEEEEEND Have you ever tried an emo pizza?
"KBD, not QBD. i've tried i cant get past the 3rd wave with the spirits. they anger me."
"I fuck with the new name ngl No, my name is Jeffreys project ""Jeffery"" will premiere tomorrow at 12pm on Travis Scotts .wav radio"
"You find out later Race is Aqua Mans land brother, and he summoned the condor too attack. The bird took him out"
"Vex mythoclast. Ayatollah you already, there's no time to explain."
"Marathon... that takes me back Here's a throwback to u/RireMakar RHINO PRIME HAS NO GOOD BUILDS. HE HAS THE BUILD. THE ONE TRUE BUILD. YOU SEE. TAKE RHINO AND PUT ON REDIRECTION. YES, LIKE THAT. NOW, VIGOR. NOW VITALITY. NOW, STEEL FIBER. YOU WILL BE STRONG. LIKE RHINO. YOU WILL DESERVE THE RHINO NAME. NOW, YOUR AURA. STEEL CHARGE IS ONLY WAY. OTHER AURAS ARE MEANINGLESS. STEEL CHARGE MAKES YOUR STEEL HIT HARDER. HARDER HITS ARE GOOD. RHINO IS GOOD. RHINO HITS HARDER. FOR OTHER MODS. YOU WILL ONLY BE NEEDING FEW. ONE IS RUSH. RUSH IS GOOD. RUSH MAKE RHINO FAST. FAST MAKE CHARGE HURT ENEMY. RUSH MAKE RHINO CHARGE HURT ENEMY. YOU MUST ALSO PUT ON QUICK REST. MORE STAMINA EQUALS STRONGER RHINO. RHINO WILL HIT MORE. MORE WILL DIE. WHEN THEY DIE RHINO IS HAPPY. STRONG RHINO IS HAPPY RHINO. TO MAKE EVEN STRONGER RHINO, ADD MARATHON. MARATHON MAKES STRONGER RHINO AND MARATHON MAKES HAPPIER RHINO. YOU DO NOT NEED FLOW OR STREAMLINE. RHINO NEED NO GREAT ENERGY. RHINO HAS STRENGTH IN MUSCLES. THIS STRENGTH IS ENOUGH. DO NOT FORGET WEAPON. RHINO LIKE VERY FEW WEAPON. BEST WEAPON IS JAT KITTAG. RHINO CRUSH SPINES WITH JAT KITTAG. OTHER WEAPON INCLUDE SCINDO PRIME OR FRAGOR. VERY HEAVY WEAPON FOR VERY STRONG WARRIOR. RHINO ALSO SOMETIMES USE FISTS. ANY FIST WEAPON WILL DO. RHINO NOT NEED THEM ANYWAYS. ONLY WEAR THEM BECAUSE OF OBSCURE TENNO LEGAL REGULATIONS. GET RID OF OTHER COWARD WEAPONS. YOU WILL FIGHT ENEMY CLOSE OR YOU WILL GO TO ENEMY. THERE IS NO KILLING OF ENEMY FROM AFAR. THIS IS TRUE RHINO. YOU ARE NOW TRUE RHINO. GO FORTH, WARRIOR RHINO. DESTROY ALL YOU SEE. HAIL, RHINO PRIME, GOD OF WAR."
"Or the Bridge Guardian! We also kill stuff that doesn't even want to fight, like in the Beachzone that just want to party."
"Born again religious hypocrites come in all forms. Muslim leader (and ISIS supporter) Anjem Choudary once said anyone who drinks ""should be given 40 lashes in public"". He also tried getting these pictures removed from the internet."
Greg Lamb retired in 2013 mate Needs more Greg Lamb GREG LAMB
"Mmmm Picasso's, had a slice for lunch yesterday. Take that, Starbucks!"
"Entire Bee Dad script but every time it gets wholesome you feel better about yourself. I doubled the speed with which I read this comic at every mention of the word ""bee."""
There was a lot of suffering before that The Raptors are 3rdin the division dude. You sleepin or something?
"She's mentally ill and we know this because mental illness is exclusive to one race which all know but can't say because of pc culture. Indiana mom says she decided to kill kids after Amber Alert-In a jail interview she says that she killed the children so they'd be safe in heaven. ""My kids are in a better place. They don't have no worries no more."""
"If you're a smurf you just get matched with other smurfs... You're not experiencing what legitimately new players are. I have been leveling a smurf account from level 10 (Jungle mostly) in the past 2 days, and I have noticed alot of smurfs also. What really urks me is when they get cocky in /all chat and just start treating the person they killed like crap. It's really bad environment for beginners because they are being introduced to toxicity and overall bad manners so early in the game. There was this one guy in my game playing fiddlesticks with his duo friend, and the opposite botlane were stomping them and acting like they were gods (they were obviously smurfs) while fiddle and his duo were just trying to learn the game."
"It would literally cost like 50 dollars a day to hatch all the eggs you could get. That's kind of the point. They are trying to earn money, after all"
Not all of them. The red buses are free.
$20.00  Did you check that it's your license plate on the ticket? Sometimes people will put their ticket on someone else car in hopes they pay it without looking. As far as taking pictures I believe they do this now. I know they did when they used to mark the tires for loading zone spots when I used to deliver. How much was the ticket if I may ask?
"Yes, basically it forces the Vanilla gamerule reducedDebugInfo. Does Iberia get rid of the F3? I've been looking for that function for quite a while."
"I was honestly thinking of doing something like that as a mod, that tool was immensely useful in SC4. A SimCity4 feature that would help enormously - the route query tool. Click any road or building and see how people get to and from, and by which form of transport"
All time or current? I have him third at Sydney.
And you think the US gov't cares about that? He's Australian and hasn't broken American law.
What's the bow on the far left in the last picture? Breathed new life into an old bow
"I think you and anyone else who willingly gets up at ass crack of dawn to stand in the cold and battle hundreds of people for a deal are brave. I think less of people who get judgmental over how my family spends their holiday. We eat thanksgiving lunch after we come in from hunting, and then we go shopping together, because its fun, not because we need the deals. It gets old hearing people condemning Black Friday all the time."
"I cant even see where to do this in Windows 10...used to do it in Win 7. Are you sure, 100% sure, that your computer's clock is synched correctly? Even a few seconds off and some Ethereum clients (geth for sure, at least it used to) won't find any peers. No timeout message. No incorrect clock setting. The thing would just wait and wait and wait and never give any meaningful and just never synch / find peers. As to why I don't run services that automatically keep the time correct: I like to have as few services running as possible because to me that's one less point of entry for attackers. YMMV."
"I think that means we have to fight now Yes, but gently. It was nice."
"Lol Lime skittles sucked, green Apple is a massively better alternative."
"I'm sure Trump thinks that she's probably been groped *against her will* before too (by other men like himself), so in his mind, that makes it *doubly* okay. Yup. Trump just acknowledged he groped the adult porn star he tried to get alone while his wife Melania was raising their newborn son. But it's ok that he sexually assaulted her because other people have touched her with her permission in the past, and to him that's the same thing."
"All y'all mother-fuckers need to stop buying these shitty mainstream games, else they'll keep pumping out as-is. To all of the Game devs and publishers lately who are pushing unfinished products to market."
"It really is! Removed it. I removed the other one. Someone snuck it into a list of stuff they wanted to add in the comments, and I copy pasted, but missed the other Behringer. It's shit!"
Indeed it was. Was it on r/movies? That sub is the worst
I was in a bar surrounded by them and the look on their faces was priceless. Almost as awkward as when he ran back the opening kickoff. For K-State fans of course.
What is your budget? Yes I want a pre built one.
"Well yeah, but Seabrook, and Keith are both top 15ish with Hjalmarson not being far off I think he's easily the worst of Chicago's top 4."
Thanks to CHERUB Drugs
"I feel like this would do better in another subreddit, although I do like it The Opposite of Animal Cruelty"
"Gooseneck in a half ton, that is just scary to me. 2004 F150 4x4 dually with a 5.9 cummins. From my local craislist"
Confusing because you have 22 months over there? Sadly no. It's very confusing.
Off doing something productive Where's the one that says 'normal'?
"There is a museum in San Diego as well, and yes I visited it. Weren't we just talking about this yesterday. Some guy posted a picture of his gramps wearing this, some guy said drill instructor like I'm seeing here. But seriously, none of you Marines know our history? Like I don't expect you to be experts on the subject, but I immediately could tell you it dates around World War I or sooner. I thought everyone saw those Marine Corps pictures showing our uniforms from the beginning to today. Didn't any of you nuts go to the Marine Corps Museum there on Parris Island on your family day or whatever? All there was to do all day long was eat some nasty fast food, buy a magazine and browse the PX. That took me a whole 2 hours to do. I can understand if you're a West Coast Marine, but a huge portion of our platoon went to that museum by choice before we officially graduated on the drill deck."
I like it when he says sorry first and then keeps repeating it.. Destiny calmly explains Jinx's Q
"This is a good thing, means the game won't have the biggest problem that BO3 had and people might actually play properly Nope, Found that out the hard way."
"Now that's awesome, exactly what I needed on my pyro/dex hybrid. There is a true combo with the new glove. Black flame to black flame is guarenteed as long as your close enough to hit with the second bonus flame. It also comes out a hair before black flame essentially hastening the cast time. I've been going pure pyro in 2v2s. Old pyro left hand, new pyro right hand and the black flame combo can one shot a lot of players. You don't need to dual wield and go left flame, right flame you can just use the new flame twice in a row on the same hand."
Just legalize it already and stop trying to micromanage your citizens...yeah I am talking to you uncle sam Knox County man sentenced to 19 years for growing marijuana.
"""Clean coal"" lmao ITT: Fucking regulations screwing over everyone and keeping us from getting what we want. Let's reduce emissions standards and bring back clean coal jobs so we all win. We can have air as glorious as Beijing!"
"I've had lots of success lately as maokai and i play about 1/10 of what i used to, hes just too easy. They are, at the MMR that I listed them at. They're super durable, cinderhulk got a wakeup a few patches ago, and they're very annoying. Trundle/Rammus have super powerful ganks and maokai is super strong because of mobi boots. They're way easier than elise/kindred/reksai/etc and are going to enable you to punish a lot harder with less investment."
"I once did it with a burrito in the bag.... My bike ate my burrito That's awesome! I once biked two miles with four bags on my bike handles, but this guy takes the dining room set!"
"Maybe there's a middle ground and it could be a yellow flag, not quite serious enough to be a red flag. When it comes to the NFL draft, any medical thing is a red flag, no matter what it is. Scouts and GMs are obsessive."
Just use a judgement belt instead? It'd be nice if the holy pally tome didn't clip with the class hall belt.
"I'm not OP, but I'll throw something together real quick that is similar to what he has for ya in a sec here! These are awesome mate! Any chance you can make the desktop wallpaper in 21:9 (3440x1440) please? I got the ultrawide monitor so these will come out with black bars on each sides."
"Good thing these people don't know I have highly infectious tuberculosis. If you were locked in a room with 10 people, one of which is a mindreader, what crazy thought would you think in order to identify the mindreader?"
"NC: Mountains, Plains, Beaches, and No Medicaid Subsidies for the ACA. Americans, how could you summarize your state in one sentence? As a European, it's quite difficult for me to distinguish between the different states in the U.S. What are the things everyone should know about them?"
"Which is why you shouldn't read a ""news"" paper written and edited by 19 year olds. I wrote the comment before th video was posted. I based what I wrote on the information I had at the time."
Agree. We should support the extension of SPG cover to the family to ensure they don't get to make any further sacrifices which they'll milk for a few more decades. The amount money we'll spend on that is nothing compared to the long term benefits of them digging their own graves.
"Never heard his music, but the photos nice Headhunters V-day"
replied to your pm Not much really. I was asking just to ask.
Mass Summon Blizzard should let multiple people click the same summoning portal.
"Maybe 'cause women care about that sort of shit, and guys don't really give a damn? Gee, I wonder why cameras focus on red carpet dresses instead of the multitude of tuxedos."
"Nexplanon turns up on xrays and other scans, implanon doesn't. I'm fairly certain it's the other way around. It began as Implanon and then they came out with Nexplanon, an ""improved"" version. My cousin has had Implanon for the better part of 6 years, so I'm sure it isn't a new name."
"But it's only one mission. The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion had a mission like this, based on H.P. Lovecraft's novella, The Shadow over Innsmouth."
I so want that middle pissoir for my bathroom. This is a very strange restroom
"This map concerns evangelical Christians, aka the 'born again Christians' that were born in America, which is why they only have a nominal foothold in Orthodox and Catholic countries, and absolutely none in Muslim and Hindu regions IIRC and im too lazy to google, but Egypt has a lot of christians"
"Power to do what exactly? It took power of teaching out of local and state institutions and made it a centralized approach, which does not work with education."
I think that's what they're going to do! I just don't understand how anyone can still be undecided. Jesus take the wheel!
The context of such comments seems pretty important here. I'm 24 and I live with a man who has told me that sometimes he thinks about bringing home a gun and killing me and my mother.
"A bunch of us (who all met through here and the manchester subreddit facebook group) often go, though there's no specific plans for tonight. Friday night in Manchester - anyone up for Satan's Hollow? I'm a UoM alumn back in town for the night, looking to hit up an old time favourite - Satan's Hollow. I'd rather not go alone, anyone want to tag along? 26, female, from London in Manchester on business."
"Consoles get patches a week after PC. Sorry if this is a stupid question I'm on the PS4, updated game and everything, but It still shows Camazotz as the newest god, where's Thoth?"
"Yeah, AON sponsor too, just a crap likeness to Rooney :) Says Rooney on the back(Not saying you're wrong)."
Exactly Like getting hair cut &amp; styled at a beauty school. Interesting.
"I work at a university, as an administrator. Where is it that you work?"
"Actually, I think that's Hillda Clark when she was in her 20s but I understand your point and agree that it is not a very flattering picture by today's standards Why do kids always look so damn creepy in old ads?"
"OP planning to visit London, so assuming tube too, which means magstripe / contactless gates. You can get print at home tickets. They just aren't available on all routes."
Just like how I clean my dishes It's not like the plant is moving. They'll clean it up just in time to dirty it up again.
"good Namo i agree with you. Twitter / narendramodi: ""I firmly believe that the life story of living individuals should not be included as a part of the school curriculum."""
"Yes, that rings a bell, I'm not sure how that turned out Oh the Walter video"
"The one movie that requires a sequel, but will probably never get one... District 9 reference? All of my love."
So just do it! Yesterday you said tomorrow
"Figure of speech. this post is worthless... anyone can 'imagine' what they would do, why dodopeople value this random somebody's guess at all? need someone with actual relevant experience to answer the question"
Go on. Give me a blowjob to my teacher
"I truly hope it's selfie just on principle alone. What will be the first cancelled show of the fall? Typically, it happens around this time. Networks do not piss around, so they find the lowest-rated thing and give it the axe, but surprisingly that hasn't happened yet. Maybe *Selfie* is the first? I don't know."
I'm so confused... o.............
"Personally it's my least favourite of the 4 games, despite having improved combat, story wise it's not essential to play the others but I don't see why you'd start at the end. Is it bad if I start with Arkham Knight? I got it for a present and I heard that it's the best of the arkham series. Is it bad if I start first with knight and then go back?"
ITT: People who think reddit users are the average person on the internet and people who don't understand marketing and want stuff for free. This has been happening a lot lately.
"screenshot? i keep getting this error whenever i go to a website, you guys are my last hope. The error says; Error on line 61 at column 75: entityref: expecting ';' I have tried Firefox and chrome and it's the same result. Please help me guys thank you."
"LOl when meiko ults the enemy team and they all start dying, he says ""bye,bye,bye"" Mic Check: LPL (RNG vs HYG, EDG vs OMG, WE vs SS) with English Subtitles!"
"then id just make an ult g1m8 If I was allowed to ban someone from Reddit once a year, I'd pick you after reading this thread."
"But simultaneously they wouldn't be able to do it As mind-bending as it might be, a truly omnipotent being would be able to do this just fine."
"By the time s3 Utopia's ready the next Humans series would likely be in the can. That would be ideal but it would not be so easy to get the UK actors back together now. ""Arby"" is busy with Humans."
"I don't get it...what type of kid does that signify? As soon as you said they didn't know what upstairs was, I knew exactly the type of kids they were."
Are you trying to change my beliefs to your own? If you believe that socialist governments are Conservative then you misunderstand politics at it most rudimentary level. If you have been informed that you are wrong and then never confirm your beliefs via an easy google search then you choose to live a faith based rather than a fact based life. Ignorance is bliss I guess.
"Yeah but isn't that when art dies? Season 5 wasn't bad, season 3 was terrible and should be skipped."
Story of last 3 years really Not stupid. Changing the team every game is harming us.
For you The suspense was so much worse than when it actually went off
"I dont think they give a shit honestly. I mean, couldn't that potentially backfire on them a little bit?"
"So you downloaded a patch from a third party website that wasn't peer reviewed and you're surprised you got a virus? Beware XCOM2 ""Fan Made Patch"""
"Haha okay, sounds like a plan. Do you actually have an opinion? If yes, never post."
"Any comment about someone's body that isn't a compliment is impolite. Don't know if I'd say offended, it's just a question I hate being asked. I'd say I find it impolite rather than offensive."
It already has in Maine...? Literally everything you said can't happen either.
"Close, but no. are they right triangles?"
"It's undoubtably him. Static Shock In the new promo, a character flashes by that resembles closely one Static Shock, a hero who had his own show on Cartoon Network a few years back. I pretty much lost my mind when I first saw it, then realized I should dial it back a little bit, not get my hopes up. Can anyone confirm/deny?"
"What drugs are you on right now? How does the brain a chuck of meat, do all these amazing things in life, its mindfuck?"
"Wow, that's really not one I've heard before. No, I just don't think she can act."
Shower hours. Trigger time?
"For some reason, I thought of Charlie Sheen when I saw this. Walking down the hall past the nursing class and saw this..."
People use Google+? Can I link my feed rss to google plus account ?
Also known as pavement princess in my area. Unless its a highway queen.
"Did that once (really dumb btw) no one caught me and I slammed my head off concrete run off. 1. Stand with your back against a wall, arms crossed. 2. Breathe deep, really fast, until you start feeling light-headed. 3. Take one last deep breath, and hold it. 4. Have your friend push against your crossed arms hard. 5. Pass the fuck out, and hope your friends actually catch you."
Rolling around is so fun! Hit combo. Never being able to use the same ability twice or else losing out on dps. This mastery talent makes monks very fun to raid with. You always need to be thinking and planning attacks ahead of time. Also the mobility and utilities of the class make it soo much fun.
"NIMBY libs. I understand that people want to accept refugees because it's the nice thing to do, but ask anyone if they'd be okay moving people from a impoverished ghetto to their town... they would say no. It's literally the same thing except the impoverished ghetto is in another country."
Goodbye R
Craic = banter = having fun I googled it for you: craic = gossip.
"Oh gee whiz... Gosh oh man, geez.. Golly Daily Reminder: John Kasich is 4th in a 3 man race..... WHAT SENSE DOES THAT MAKE?!?!"
"His wife was once for at least a moment, remember? No surprise there. He's never been proud of this country."
I think he's trying to distract the painter for a minute while he sneaks a few sips of the beer. Monk pointing at beer?
God Damnit I just bought the bike yesterday. Vehicles on sale this week
Thanks. goodluck mate!
"The man himself said that last year, when asked how many languages he speaks and how good is his italian. Meant that he probably has some knowledge of Swedish because its the second official language."
reminds me of the biggest city I could ever build in Caesar III Roskilde Festival 2014 Aerial photo
"When you're told you live in the greatest country on earth for decades, then you take a look around... Swede here. - No data caps - 1000/1000 mbit - ~45$/month - Hot chicks - Lots of IT jobs"
"...They're doing a ""Faces of ISIS"" now? Joining ISIS to show your intellectual superiority #justneckbeardthings"
Lol Jesus!
Were they also closeted gays named Jonathon? Lefties! For some reason everyone I've dated has been left handed.
"Yeah, the next guy who starts a christian sex cult should definitely bookmark this one. I'd find myself going to church more often if I was promised to see painted women like her on Sundays."
There is always more than one way to skin a `cat`. Useless use of cat... grep 71.6.151.167 /var/log/auth.log
I'd recommend his collaboration album Polar Sequences. I need more Biosphere in my life. Not found anything similar.
"I wouldn't say he was posing, he came to a Unionist conference, what would you expect to be in the background? Posing in front of a Union Jack Northern Ireland says it all. SDLP are a political cadaver that's been stinking out the place for decades and needs a final burial."
Drones run by a human operator somewhere on a ship or a ground station? Tell that to the American drones.
"And eat animals. See, that's why it should be acceptable to shit freely outdoors"
"I lived 7 times, defying YOLO What 2012 pop culture event are you proud you did not participate in?"
Shitty computer. Play Dark Souls.
It's Hamas they won't and can't accept. Kinda difficult to believe Israel would agree to a 2 state solution when it won't even accept a united Palestinian government.
"i hope he knows what a huge fucking mistake he made, all for money. Pogba and co. just lost against Watford ...and Pereyra got an assist. Maybe Pogba has started to regret joining Man Utd?"
No remove kebab Bulgaria is of fan of kebab R E M O V E K E B A B
"funny troll, funny Yeah but should white people criticize people of color? Does nobody remember world war 2?"
"If it was written a little more spin-off and a little lesson season 9, I might enjoy it. Hey hey hey, season 9 of Scrubs was good. It's better as a spin off to the series as it was intended to be."
"Mike Brown's shooting may have been the catalyst, but its weird for me t keep hearing it talked about as if its THE reason people are angry and not decades of issues coming to a boil. at least in LA they had the sense to wait until AFTER the investigation, trial and verdict. Here people just expected the police to throw the guy to the crowd without any investigation. They dont want the truth they want 'their side' to win. We dont know what really happened down there and neither do any of the protesters really yet everyone seems to have made up their mind and nothing will convince them otherwise."
*head explodes* isnt it interesting how their indian accent in english sounds when you hear hindi. it's almost like they're speaking hindi but with english words when they speak english.
"Dude, there are so*ooo*oo many suggestions, google before posting. nerf savage roar but how? About everyone agree that savage roar need and will be nerf. But how (without ruining the card like what was done for warsong commander). If it only give +1ATT it is a really worse power of the wild. Would something like give all your creature in hand and deck +1/+1 be too strong?"
But I want to get a closer shot of this magnificent creature! Dumb ass man on safari.
"Should be fine! Sure, is next week okay?"
"Exactly, if you're working with ""big data"" in some capacity, either analyzing it (data scientist), writing hadoop jobs or training machines to learn from it, you'll be making fat stacks and have great job security while normal dev work becomes super competitive. Machine Learning especially. The great thing is it has a high barrier to entry, more so than software engineering, so I don't expect it to become saturated very quickly at all."
"I love how cute she is and how much she loves me no matter what Reddit, what do you love about your SO? SO = significant other If your spouse were to ask, ""what do you love about me?"", what would you say?"
"now this is Padresing. Before yesterday, the Padres were on track to have the 7th overall draft pick. After their loss today and the Braves, Rays, A's, and Dbacks wins... they now have the 3rd overall pick."
efficiency Why would they?
Also the laggiest. Necromancer = Best team class
"Lewd NJ Transit customer at kiosk dials outdated hotline, gets sex line instead"
"I think, frustrated/overwhelmed + poor coping skills. Funny thing, i hear the same almost exact rant from my neighbors. Do they attend like a ""shit parent association"" or something like that?"
Not against bit definitely believes there is more to look at regarding the subject. Jill Stein is against those parts of the platform. She went to med school at Harvard and has been a physician for most of her career.
"Hi, i can give a Alienware ra code for a Smite Tactics Alpha code :) 2x Smite Tactics Aplha codes PC Gems/ PC anything post your offers here. Am willing to go first in any non-paypal trade."
"We made it to the play-offs, better fire someone. If we lose to Washington next week, who's realistically fired? Capers? Bennett? Clemens? McCarthy? Anyone? I have a horrible feeling nobody will be fired and injuries will take the blame over dogshit play calling."
"Is this sarcasm? It is unfortunate that I was forced to downvote a really fantastic article from a source I would never have found myself, but that title isn't up to TR standards, period."
"God is a fucking dick. FAIR discusses masturbation (Sex is just for marriage, pornography and masturbation are the same in the damage, sex is just for procreation to make us like God; by overcoming selfishness)"
Has anyone ever walked with their arms crossed like this in the history of mann? I really want this taunt in the game.
Don't believe everything you read on the internet - Thomas Jefferson. Facebook never fails to amuse me...
"Yup, I used to struggle vs irelia but I took cleanse one game and ggff@20 irelia Ravenous? What the fuck lmao. The secret to beating Irelia, in my experience anyways. Is to bring Cleanse. Negate her bullshit two second stun and blow her up. Irelia doesn't beat you anywhere near as hard without her CC. Her build was pretty weird too, but it's not so much about items (although you'll need a good amount of lifesteal) it's more about how you play the duel. Extend your Qs, kite her and and you should do fine."
"Who elected you the spokesperson? I would be one of those babies, and you don't speak for me. Argue the medical facts all you want, but stop trying to argue on behalf of a group that largely doesn't give a fuck solely because you like to argue."
"Thank you! Awesome as always! I love these edits (I already said that, but whatever)!"
Fuck the one time I'm not looking! Whoa did you see that? Like three people didn't touch it just now!
Grazie. I am here my child.
"oh no, how could I ever live without connery shitposts. We're just in a perpetual state of shitpost, no need to indicate the fact. There's never no shitters shitposting. The day we have no drama is the day Connery's server shuts down."
That's why. Nope.
should have gone sooner then Who cares? A later date doesn't make up for the disappointment and unnecessary travel at the time he planned to actually have the break.
"*Twins* Ronda Rousey leaves her island paradise to seek out her twin sister, played by Rebel Wilson. Which franchise would you like to see go the way of the Ghostbusters reboot and have an all women cast? I was thinking this morning and I think I'd like to see the 21 Jump Street franchise starring Jenny Slate as Schmidt and Chelsea Peretti as Jenko. Wanda Sykes as Captain Dickson."
Didn't James Bond already do this? You have to convince the government there's an overseas threat and the only thing that can stop it is your sex life.
"Honestly, thats the best way of breaking the Bolton's phalanx formation that you see in the trailer. fuck that I would have Wun Wun in the back launching trees. Who needs archers when you have a tree throwing giant?"
"No like T_D subscribers are actually majority children lol While then""jab"" may feel good let's be honest. When we say stuff like this we're acting like children as well. I agree that they're being immature. I don't think, as a general rule, that there pedophiles any more than Spez is. Or the patrons of A certain Pizzeria."
wtf? K you're lucky but I feel sorry for any guests that come to your house and have to experience that.
would play on the north pole for the vet minimum Pay me 6 mill and ill play anywhere except select areas like wherever isis is and near Australia's crazy animals
"So are the arabs in europe that want to subject people to sharia law colonists? Not unless they were seeking to create a new state in the Mandate to represent their interests as against the natives. Please just read my posts, I think they're reasonably clear."
Guiterrez was playing DM. LW for DM? Pardew's spoilt for choice with that star studded bench.
Nate Allen deserves credit too Cardinals the other?
...Shane? I wake up and have a whiskey every Christmas morning while blasting this song. It's also my birthday so judgment free zone
Good thing smart people know the internet exists and works better than paper media. Ever wonder what happens when 15 of the 25 biggest newspapers (as well as almost 100 others) in Canada are all owned by the same company?
"If you believe AMD is going to sell an 8 core with 16 threads for 350 dollars you're out of your mind, they are a great company, but they're still a business the closer it gets to vega the more risky buying a 1080 becomes. 1070 is riskier, but always can resell I guess i7 should not be bought. fx4100 means you can just put a 8 core in there and wait. If zen is fast, vs an i7 its better. 4 cores + HT is not as good as 8 cores + HT if IPC is similar. With that i7 you then have to sell more than just a CPU to change platform."
"Here comes the push showing us there are ""good"" muslims. Adel Tormos, tackles suicide bomber in Beirut, killing himself but saving the lives of hundreds. His daughter died with him."
My teammates seem to think that is enough for a week. Anything less than 4 minutes and 10 seconds in the hill is a bad game
Paulding Dare I ask which county you're in? I'm in Savannah for school and I'd hate to hear what people in polling lines in my county (Houston) would be saying.
Every Storm Procedural. Out of all the days we could get a tornado it's the one before no mans sky
Carefully. (Spoilers All) How did they move to dragon skulls to the cellar in Kings Landing? I can't imagine how they moved a skull as big as Balerion's all the way down to where it currently is...
The issue is that police officers don't get punished. Does it really matter who is dead?
#NAME? That's plain old unfair. Everybody grab the pitchforks! -----E
time will tell. At the very least it has more staying power than our precarious union.
Getting chills just imagining those catching on clothing or something else. My brother cuts his nails like this everytime.
"Scamming and grifting, the Cooch is one slimy character. Cuccinelli and three partners have launched Virginia Self Defense Law, a firm focused on defending Second Amendment rights. With bargain-basement pricing ... the venture seeks to tap into a feeling among some gun owners that the right to bear arms is under attack."
"I'm not an Apple fan but they've been selling some pretty high quality IPS displays for a long time that don't do this. search ""ips panel light bleed"" in google. From the results, it looks like a ""normal issue"" on IPS technology. I for sure won't be buying IPS panels"
"Looks like they are halves from 2 seperate fruit, they both have the seed sticking out She'll take him back, he's her other half."
oh my west bengal :( Map of Indian Subcontinent after Polar Ice caps melt.
"Add broccoli in the last hour. Doesn't the broccoli get all mushy? If you make it like most of us do, don't you do 6+ hours?"
"Bill Gates aquired his money through notoriously ruthless business practices tho. While there are a large number of people in this class who are as you describe, there are a number who I wouldn't classify as looting the working class. Bill Gates comes immediately to mind. He is a huge philanthropist who has convinced many others in the super wealthy to donate their money to good causes (real ones, not the political ones). He and his wife have donated a substantial sum of money and time to others through their foundation. A couple of others are Elon Musk and Richard Branson who invest a large portion of their money into revolutionary technology that will benefit many. Classifying everyone within any class (including the super rich) as being bad, or the enemy, like this is not helpful."
"The deaths in Herculaneum were worse iirc, because the superheated ash column that erupted from Vesuvius collapsed straight down into the town Herculaneum (it's below many more metres of ash than Pompeii), cooking people alive. i was thinking the exact same thing. The other thing that shocked me was this statement : ""It is estimated that anywhere between 10,000 and 25,000 residents of Pompeii and nearby Herculaneum were killed on the spot."" I have read a little bit about this in the past but for some reason i had no idea that this many people were killed nearly instantaneously. It is horrible to think about!"
"and your point is.... Meanwhile, trump lies every time he speaks."
"I really like how this show is so popular with so much well-monied support behind it...Jeremy has like 10 million dollar budgets for 5 minute reviews. Someone wrote into Top Gear asking for a proper car review, so Jeremy Clarkson produced this.."
"I like the gif I think this every time someone ""fixes"" a meme with red lines."
"To add to, babies have been known to die because of the procedure, most often the baby goes into shock during the procedure, doctors tend to be payed outright a fee for MGM so they have a conflict of interest regarding medical health and their own greed, its antiquated and barbaric. Here's a bullet list of things about circumcision: * It's done without anesthetic. * It's prone to complications. * The only justifications have to do with aesthetics or the ability to clean. Neither are actual medical issues. * It removes a significant portion of the nerves. * The foreskins are sold or otherwise used for profit by the hospitals. * It is genital mutilation."
"whoever needs it! I need help with this too, I have a teensy 2.0 as well and just a basic ansi 60% but I cannot figure out qmk. I was going to make a post but I never got around to it! I would really appreciate it if you could help me out."
Oooh.... you mean the *junkie*. Or Rush.
"Yes, but all that matters here is a verse that could be interpreted as something in the Bible claiming divinity. Paul was not referring to his own writings; he was referring to the old Testament."
"This curosity wouldn't have anything to do with that video of the racist lads that's going around on facebook, would it? Is Parkhall Estate In Antrim Mostly Catholic?"
"Child Toucher Don aka PeDon. Metal Joe: Known for ""pitchforking"" women, a sexual finger dance of his own creation. Normal Doug: Conceals his identity in public with a polo over his heinous wolf shirt, only to reveal his true nature around his amigos. Lost Larry: A homeless Vietnam vet, who suffers severe amnesia after a gunshot wound to the head. Seen in many different group photos. ""Heelstep"" Diddler: Leader and recruiter of the Wolfpack. He is trained in black magick and shamanism. His spirit animal is a wolf. Child Toucher Don: He used to teach grade school."
Yes! Lookin' good!
"Read a history book you fucking troglodyte. ""I don't want the government being able to kill citizens for any reason."" He fucking murdered his GF. Get real."
Seems pretty great for her then - she has an out if a debate would hurt her poll numbers. Doubt she will be better in time for the debates if that is the case. What will she do
Zenyata ftw. Fuck that bro. Mercy is where it's at with those dank heals.
"Why does it cost money to enforce a trademark? Groupon is trying to acquire the ""GNOME"" trademark, which the GNOME Foundation already owns"
"Cat: Look at me, this is my lap meow Dog: Hey, I thought I was the lapdog"
That's usually a safe conclusion. From all the evidence and narrative I have concluded that they are both assholes.
Hinkie The
"Pro tip: Actually add something to the argument instead of being sarcastic and making assumptions. Is that what that means? Oh, wow, you're sheltered."
Is this BiomeBundle? My custom terrain is finally coming together
"Kyickss eh, nvm, hard to put Kyuss and kicks together Them crooked free kicks"
Poor gummy worm mold :(. Yes I think it was the gummy mold. Chris
"Well I live in a capitalist country and it's fucking shit. Gary Kasparov: ""I'm enjoying the irony of American Sanders supporters lecturing me, a former Soviet citizen, on the glories of Socialism and what it really means! Socialism sounds great in speech soundbites and on Facebook, but please keep it there."" 'm enjoying the irony of American Sanders supporters lecturing me, a former Soviet citizen, on the glories of Socialism and what it really means! Socialism sounds great in speech soundbites and on Facebook, but please keep it there. In practice, it corrodes not only the economy but the human spirit itself, and the ambition and achievement that made modern capitalism possible and brought billions of people out of poverty. Talking about Socialism is a huge luxury, a luxury that was paid for by the successes of capitalism. Income inequality is a huge problem, absolutely. But the idea that the solution is more government, more regulation, more debt, and less risk is dangerously absurd."
Because you would not have believed it until you tried it. Why was this not hyped more? This is amazing! I only played a bit of worlds but I'm blown away. This is the biggest thing to happen to gaming since the console.
Forum tourney? Scored this incredible goal with N'Zgobia in a forum tourney
I was doing much more volume when I was natural.... You are doing far too much volume. Why did u think it was a good idea to make your own program when you obviously do not know what you're doing?
best brand name ever Not just any wax.... sex wax
"Since 1979. ...holy shit, how long has Scott Lang been around??"
"Kevjumba. Favorite ""dead"" youtuber? Youtubers that google + killed, quit YouTube or literally died. My personal favorite is skitscape and fawdz"
"SJW bullshit strikes reddit again! I'm actually the guy that posted it yesterday in TIL, and got it big. It hit like 4k karma and 2k comments yesterday. I guess I should be flattered. Of course, if won't show up in a search as the mods ripped it down, but it still exists if you check my post history"
Wait Well as long as you got kasperov
"I'm surprised Hangerman had any living progeny, lol I used to work at a Long John Silver's in high school. If you were even mildly interesting, or could make us laugh, we'd either comp your meal, or hook you up with a bunch of free food. Regular customer orders meal, reaches into back pocket for his wallet but produces a wire coat-hanger and looks really confused. We all died laughing, and he became known as ""hangerman"". One day this girl comes in, and as she's paying she says ""uhhh, my dad told me to tell you guys that I'm the daughter of the hanger guy?"" WELL WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SO?! HANGERMAN PROGENY EAT FREE."
Here's the track list: 1) Stiff Upper Lip - AC/DC 2) At the Hop - Danny and the Juniors 3) Pink Houses - John Mellancamp 4) The New Girl in School - jan &amp; dean 5) Dance Little Sister - Rolling Stones 6) That's the Way I Like It - KC and the Sunshine Band 7) Dirty Water - The Standells 8) Louie Louie - The Kingsman 9) It Came Out of the Sky - CCR 10) Secret Agent Man - Johnny Rivers 11) Anarchy in the UK - Sex Pistols 12) Needles &amp; Pins - The Searchers 13) Son of a Bitch - Nathaniel Rateliff 14) My Shirona - The Knack Stephen King chooses his favourite songs on BBC Radio 6
"I think the most interesting thing about his profile is that he didn't find real success with KFC until he was 65, at the tender age of 65 he was travelling and sleeping in the back of his car while trying to pitch his product to restaurants. TIL that Colonel Sanders made surprise visits to KFC restaurants. If dissatisfied with the food he threw it to the floor while cursing out the employees."
"When Merle called Glenn ""a chinaman"", Daryl assertively corrected him by saying ""He's korean!"" Was Daryl Dixon ever a racist? Fun conversation I had on campus."
"lol, I bet that statement is considered anti-Semitic. define ""Anti-Semitism"""
This is the right way to Voidwalker. Bad Juju + Obsidian Mind + Max intellect voidwalker = Happy Guardian (PvE especially)
Blyat/10 IGN Russia gives Pillars of Eternity a 10/10!
"CHINA NUMBA 1 China is fantastic at brain-washing though, ask any mainlander about Tibet or Taiwan and they will go off their rocker yelling at you until they are red in the face about how either country was always part of China, give them a generation and the same will happen for North Korea"
That's his normal face. Haha he doesn't look very happy
"hurt my wallet not a little, for sure ouch"
Philips earphones are cheap and ok Earphones broke and I have a 500 budget any recommendations ?
"What do you mean, exactly? Well unfortunately (or not) there is a slight different socially speaking."
Corona Fiesta Bowl. Frito Bowl!
Or Chubby Hurdles We need a sequel to Kitty In The Crowd.
......bwah? Pug.
"Good luck to him, he was cool Machine retires"
"I see the sphere cut hasn't made a comeback yet. It does look like it would be kinda hard for him to find a properly fitting suit, with the fat and all."
"natty Guy claims natty, bit suspicious to me."
it might be a foreign concept to u but sometimes you need to read the title of the post it might be a foreign concept to u but some ppl have friends
don't think it could of gone worse I'm so disappointed Teep's time on OpTic didn't go better.
File a complaint with Service Alberta under the Fair Trade Act Pizza Hut Deceptive Charges
Radio Live? RadioNZ is not averse to a little clickbait here and there.
"Best salad in baseball! I'll just be over here, calmly eating my salad."
Hey Slick Hey Doc
"Oh, this again... Will the ps4 pro give a (noticeably) better experience for the last of us part 2? Hey guys and girls, the announcement of TLOU part 2 finally convinced me to buy a ps4 (i know it will take like another 2 years or more till release, but i'll need one anyways now). Now i'm wondering if the ps4 pro is worth it. Im mainly a pc player, so i would only play exclusives like uncharted and horizon. Also rocket league, and thats about it. I don't have a 4k tv and not planning on buying one soon (got a full hd tv, also a 1440p monitor but those aren't supported afaik) As i could get a normal ps4 pretty cheap now, is the pro version worth the 100-200 extra bucks? I'm kinda buying it just for TLOU, will the game benefit of the better hardware? I know everything with TLOU 2 is more of a speculation thing but i wanted to get some other opinions before buying :)"
"You can trade those in for a nice, ball pit shaped pencil topper. It was all worth it for the tumblr notes."
"Here in Australia we call it ""soft drink"" which makes no sense, now that I think about it. Maybe it's a regional thing, like calling carbonated sugar drinks ""pop"", ""coke"", ""soda"", or what have you."
"Feel free to share if it's not so much of a disturbance. Thanks, I reckon. I have more but that one related most to chewing tobacco."
ah-haha aSuh witu dud? asuh dude
"It's ok he's a texas fan, he doesn't think very good. so...each of you only ends up with players on one side of the ball...?"
"I forget, but with 1 out in the 9th and Gagne on the mound I'd say they probably did. Did the Giants end up losing that game?"
THEN FIRE ZE MISSILES! idk take a nap?
"Of all the comments, this one is my favorite. Great question. I don't find time. I think the Bee Gees said it best: ""Well, you can tell by the way I rape my woc, I'm a male man: no time to talk"""
Thanks for adding another useless shit comment to the rest This thread is surprisingly disappointing.
Looks amazing please continue work on it and if you ever need motivation I'll write you haikus! Is Reddit interested in a WIP texture pack which makes all textures higher quality? It's a project of mine as of recent.
"Depending on where OP lives, the complex housing office may also have some. You can sign them out from the housing office in Grace Wason near Gracie's."
Public transit: where rush hour = amateur hour. letting people off the train before getting on themselves
"Read Look here another person who can't use the search bar, what a fucking surprise!"
"onii-chan, die sooki! ...With your onii-chan"
And we've been leading the majority of the season... It's a dark day in the '14-'15 Bulls NBA season...
Also the BF has a medical condition that makes it painful for him to have anal... And it's not even sex. This dude wants full blown anal 3 times a week. Wont' be happy with a blowjob or just fooling around. That's gonna fucking hurt after not too long if his boyfriend complies. I feel like the people disagreeing with you don't understand how anal works.
"Yup, I did hey waiiiiiiiiiiiit. did he have the switch in his flair before you responded?? i didn't notice it earlier on mobile! :P"
"""'Insane', he says, probably just a plain ol' bread and butt--\**footstool-to-dair**...oh...well...alright then."" Insane Ganondorf Combo"
"All the links on the sidebar Sabermetrics for dummies I'm sure this has been asked before, but for someone just starting out in the world of sabermetrics, what are the best resources?"
Don't forget a tag as well in case there are multiple ecm mechs. Streaks + bap in the jenner IIC is working out well for me.
Yes haha very good BB is a monster debatable.
"There's a couple of weird pro-Hillary cucks around that obviously don't ever read the news or pay any attention to what's happening in the world, but it's definitely not a common opinion around here. ELI5: Why this sub is anti-Trudeau yet pro-Hillary."
So Rad. 'SRAD
"Would it be better if it used reddit instead of res to add this feature? If you have reddit gold, you can put posts into categories and filter by category. RES doesn't have anything to filter liked posts by subreddit. RES isn't in a good place for this though."
"Bought a bunch of Doff slots myself; but i think the ones I mentioned are too expensive, even with the discount. There was a sale of those things just a few days ago. I'm quite happy to say I've snagged several new costume slots and the final inventory expansion for my main. It was great."
"Yeah i agree, The mods do a great job here. I'm not saying climate change isn't a political issue. I'm saying that this comic doesn't discuss the politics of it. And since it was removed, the mods appear to agree with me."
"I wonder if it'll cover the part where BP denied several claims for those that lost their businesses. Trailer for ""Deepwater Horizon"" the movie."
How do you do it? Become a Jedi Master!
Yes malarkeys is good ! Malarkey's on Gillman. Lotsa tvs and the food is good gameday food.
[[Ysera]] Dat ass
So that's where Jon Huntsman has been. So a farmer in my town killed this giant pig.
And? U got that off Basicallyidowork's video
Write and reddit! What do you do when you're bored?
That Eb minor riff at the beginning of Omnipresent Perception gets me going good band. he made them great. this will probably be the end for them unless they can find someone just as good. which there isn't.
I'm a big fan of IT. Whats your favorite horror movie?
Link? He also received some media attention after getting into an argument with William Shatner on reddit.
Equal when it's convenient most of the time. I awlays split everything down the middle with my gf and I've never heard her complain once. What the fuck is it with the dude paying for everything? I thought we were supposed to be equals by now.
Well he only had to relearn three chords. But pretty impressive that he's so damn talented that he can learn AC/DC's discography in a short evening.
Or giving season ticket holders train tickets. The seven figure marketing budget should just be spent bribing the LIRR for more trains.
"I swear if this happens one more time, I'm calling Capcom out as psychics Turnabout Samurai apparently happened four months ago"
Then the one Izzet player just sits there until they cast 10 cards at once :P. We have a rule that you have no maximum hand size until you cast your first spell of the game. This allows you to not get screwed by Karroo lands!
"I'm shooting for first chair 12/29 Wildcat The hype is real, coming down hard. Second half of the day was better than the first. Easy to believe there will be 18-24 by tomorrow. The parking lot was a shit show, had to get out and push the car in front of me to leave."
This looks like a job for science! But where does the ass end and leg start?
"Wait, why can't JC2 have tunnels? The gameplay's pretty much identical to Just Cause 2, but Avalanche probably had to overhaul the engine. Tunnels aren't possible with the JC2 engine, for the same reason you can't have rooms over rooms in Doom. Also, nice callback to Yahtzee's review (Yahtzee reportedly ""came in his pants"" when JC3 was shown at E3)."
Remember when there was a time when we nearly started counting the amount of times creepers called Loli by name per submission? After the above comment I clicked your username and...holy crap on a cracker! I remember *so damn many* of these posts from before I was modded. Can hardly believe so many of them were from you. Bloody creeps...
"Especially since most current shows aren't just recapping last week's episode, but showing you a lot of flashbacks that are implying what the plot of this show will be. Fast forwarding through the ""Last Week"" recaps..."
"Why does that seem fair? Is corrective surgery ""violence?"" If the Christian god is worthy of its godhood, then convert or die seems fair."
Obligatory I thought this was stand up comedy Equal opportunities and shit.
"what rude about that? ^ Here is your answer. They don't care because they themselves are rude, apparently."
Thanks :) That's not cool. I hope he learned from his stupidity and that you are doing far better these days. Sexual trauma is tough to deal with :(
"fuck it, numbers are just hard I agree, I can't completely understand really large numbers. The best description I have heard goes something like this: A hundred minutes ago I was cruising Reddit, just like I am now. A thousand minutes ago I was probably in bed. A million minutes ago was last week. A billion minutes ago Nixon was president. A trillion minutes ago dinosaurs were still walking the earth."
"Everything I've seen suggests that it was better in terms of luxury, but much more expensive and less safe. Since you seem to know a fair bit about it, would you say the belief that airline travel was 'better then' demonstrative of contemporary memory being rooted in glamorous pictures of Pan-Am flight attendants and weird Mad Men-esque visions of postwar life? It sounds an obvious straight up yes answer but I'm intrigued if you can think of any other possibilities."
3reasonable5me Definitely two reasonable.
*enemy then creates reddit post about how rng is in a skill based game/ how first shot accuracy is complete bs I broke my wrist today
Yes. How is this...? What?
"Just hearing the theme music at the login screen brings back great memories Runescape, it was basically my entire life"
"Spicy sweet chili doritos are vegan, and the best kind of doritos. mallninjas could never be vegans, they could never part with their delicious doritoes"
"Hypocrites. TIL that along with being accused of cannibalism, early Christians in the Roman Empire were considered atheists because they denied all the other gods"
"That's why the smiling bit is important, too. because mentioning the awkward silence makes some people feel like douchebags."
2016 did kill Castro The CIA should just hire a personified Year 2016; that motherfucker could kill *anyone*.
"No, OP is so desperate for Karma he faked the scene. I'm assuming that log came from through the roof in tree cutting accident? Just a guess but can't think of other possibilities for log being there."
Zeus's stats are incredible though. I'd prioritize Dark Heros over Majestic Zeus.
"hey we are not idiots. Please vote yes, idiots who grow pot up north."
What the actual fuck? Thermal paste surprise
"rumours, fleetwood mac Hey reddit, what is your all time, favourite album?"
Yeah but you aren't even allowed into cities. Khajiit are superior as they can adapt to most environments with their different breeds. Khajiit master race
New active Western separatist movement WHEN? Hey guess what? Fuck Alberta.
"I didn't say an instant rematch, but should've been Conor's next fight after Diaz not an immediate Diaz rematch After you get knocked clean out like that, the best thing to do is take some time off to fully recover and not an instant rematch. I guess Aldo is aware his fight clock is ticking (I know he is only 29, but he has a lot of fighter mileage) and doesn't want to lose out on the upcomming fights that are paying a lot more."
she's oddly likeable Eastleigh's got talent.
"NSFW! F/25/5'6'' (18 months) Ass and leg progress, started powerlifting, first meet in September!"
"Did Mitch Holthus originally coin the phrase ""human joystick""? Ten weeks of lightning: the legend of Dante Hall, the human joystick"
"It is pretty ridiculous that there have been several comments basically saying that ""Yeah, but white people couldn't drink at the colored fountains, so they were equally oppressed. Black people are just as racist as whites.""--Reddit logic"
"Not a motto, but how they refer to their fanbase. Thats like the Optic motto. Their color is green."
Or on a second floor balcony? If the room is symmetrical then you're standing on top of the lockers.
That makes sense but I feel like releasing the users details is going to cause a lot more damage even to the owners. no no... then they must release the info of the owners...not the users.. isn't that the moral thing to do? and maybe a psychotic user has some ideas
"Trebuie sa comparam, ce poti cumpara cu 20 de lei, 20 de tigri si 20 de ursi. Ce poti cumpara cu 20 de lei din strainatate"
As opposed to a sausage fest of girls? Whats different? Anything league related is a sausagefest of guys
"I see nothing wrong with that. You can't call people ignorant on something YOU know and never tell them why they're wrong. That's like someone asking you if you know the way to a certain place and you tell them ""yes"" and walk away."
"Any ETA on when they'll be done? Hey guys, the devs are aware and they're working on a fix."
9/11 not racist enough Rotmg diss rap (MustyEye VS ArrowVit)
"I can't really give a preference, but I can say that while reading *Blood Meridian* was an experience it's one that I really have no appetite to do again while I could see myself maybe picking up *No Country* or even *The Road* some point in the future *to re-read. Have you read both? Which one do you perfer?"
"And Solomon Grundy Pretty sure I've had some Cyborgs and Sinestros, too."
Insta Gym-Progress reset! I'm normally pretty good when I get a craving for something sweet and a bit chocolate works out because it's still less calories than a slice cheesecake but dammit if I wouldn't be cackling on the couch with wrappers around me after a score like this
"Probably by keeping viral loads down, safe sex, and limiting 'risky' sex like anal (which is only *actually* risky when you don't wear a condom and don't take the time to lube up/relax, which causes tears, which make the virus more likely to catch) How do you remain negative if he isn't?"
"Generally people need 2 healers when they start giants, and people usually prefer Chasun over Bella when they get to the point where they can use one healer, so if anything he should sub Bella out for a DD, but he hasn't reached the point where he can do that. Replace Chasun with DPS unit. She doesn't really add anything to giants teams; she just gives you a slower team by taking up the spot a damage dealer should be in. The longer your stay at the giant, the more he gets to swing at you. I'm not a chasun hater or anything, I have one but Bella is all you need in giants."
"Not sure you cant take the moral high ground when you're fucking over peoples pensions, savings and the entire economy. No one ever said that doing the right thing is always easy."
wot u say u cheeky cunt? It's 3spooky5me
Diseases do. because all bioweapons have peer review studies done on them ..LOL
After the first few I thought maybe he was just slow... apparently I'm far too patient. This dude is one of those morons that can't just admit he made a mistake.
Yes. Yes.
"Don't like being out late at night and my days off are monday/tuesday, and the paralyzing social anxiety. Guys, why are you single?"
"Its not just the Craglorn area its the patch itself it fixes a ton of bugs, not to mention passives and skills it adjusts... That's nonsense. I would be SUPER surprised to find that even 10% of the player base is at VR10 now."
Dat combover Wow
Sure buddy Anyone who says they're looking forward to the new Ghostbusters is lying to themselves.
I highly doubt there is a basis in reality but maybe this whole psychosis was caused by someone turning her child away from her (I wonder why...) with the whole Usurped my child's life. Donna's Middle Finger (My Child's Usurped Life) is a fun little diddy about sexual molestation and its long-lasting effects.
you should probably ask people that actually live in/near the keys Are there any free or cheap places I can park my car overnight in the Keys?
Eli's Hemorrhoid? THE RED FACED MONSTER HAS AWOKEN!
"3 wheelers can get pretty unstable when cornering, and many of them are pretty poorly made, and shockingly heavy, but if she's not going to be carrying it, and won't be going fast, it's an option. Thoughts on a three wheel bike for an older person? My mother is a not particularly healthy 70 year old that wants a bike to tool around town. She's thinking a 3-wheeler is the way to go. It seems like a safer idea than a beach cruiser. Thoughts?"
It killed will smith's wife. What's wrong with stock android?
COP Cop or drop?
That's weird and I don't agree but I see where your coming from. Whoopi Goldberg.
"In an alternate Universe I am also banging Emma Watson while I live lavishly off my lottery winnings and Mike Ashley is a decent person and Lee Charnley isn't a fuckwit In an alternate universe Newcastle won the league, Leicester got relegated and Thauvin picked up Player of the Year"
oh no I took the biggest L of 2016
"That's the point being made, when even people who support these types of facilities call them ""abortion clinics"" of course people are going to assume they do tons of abortions. I'm always surprised when someone thinks Planned Parenthood is just for abortions...would make the name kind of ironic."
"OP was only one thing, this guy posted like 20 gifs and calls them ""basketball americans"" or whatever So in response to OP's horrendous and erroneousovert racism this person responds with similar cherrypicked items painting people of another race in a poor light in order to prove that OP was a jackass and you decide to defend OP with an ad hominem attack against this guy? Nice."
He's trying to take the land so the white devil doesn't steal it. R5: Hiawatha settled way into the Nunavut islands for God knows what reason.
"Sent Deposited level 14 female Machop, IGN: Jason. Thank you soooo much!!! :D"
as soon as he mentioned obama and the fed. Did the feed just drop for everyone?
"ITT: People who don't understand post-secondary education, and why it is important. Keep post-secondary tuition affordable by law, Manitoba student leaders say"
"This sounds like the first arc of the ""one shot"" podcast. Tales of The Lick-Wizards I'm running a (currently lvl 4-6) campaign in the Inner Sea region. Very standard ""Find the 8 McGuffins so you can stop the Evil from Eviling too hard!"" But also, it gets a little bit silly sometimes. Not always, but there are certainly ridiculous moments. One of these came in the first session. See, none of the players have any points in Spellcraft. None of them can tell what a magic item does, just that it's special somehow. So they have two general methods to finding out: Trial and Error, and hiring a lick-wizard. In the starting town, with their very first magic item (a sword that deals extra damage to dragons, I believe), they hired a wizard. This was the only wizard in this small town, at least the only professional one. And of course the wizard just does a spellcraft check, but on a lark I decide to make this guy a little.... eccentric. He goes about testing the sharpness of the blade, feels for runes, and licks the sword. Of course, everyone in the party thought this supposed-to-be-one-off joke was HILARIOUS. And so the next time they had a magic item.... ""I go to the lick-wizard!"" It's been months, and we have fully embraced that all wizards in this setting have to lick things to know what they do. Those are just the rules now. Do you have anything similarly unusual that simply is in your campaign?"
And all of Democrats welfare giveaways are dangerous to the national debt... All of the Repubicans' tax plans are dangerous and delusional.
"O hai Misha Didn't even have to look at the username, just recognized the style of picture. NGD: Jackson Juggernaut HT7 in Silverburst Sparkle"
"First a decade of darkness, then a period of ""more teeth and less tail"", now a period of ""because it's 2015/16/17/18!"" 'Better gut the budget quicker' -Justin Trudeau"
Ian Anderson? No one tell him which one's Pink.
"So is the case for any major city. It really depends. Zurich also has a lot of working poor, but nobody likes to address this issue."
"The Unreal Tournament pre-Alpha does this pretty well, it shows the health and ammo below the crosshair, almost halfway to the bottom of the screen. I've written about this before but I think the game's hud still needs some work. Why is my health and ammo so small and yet I have big picture of my hero and a big static gun image. I also wish everything was closer to the center of the screen - not being able to read my health and ammo when looking at my cross hair and not shifting my eyes is a no no. I don't expect full hud customization, but at the least I'd like a minimal or pro mode toggle. Removes some of the clutter, puts more emphasis on information (health and ammo) and moves everything closer to the crosshair. I think that would be a good compromise."
"I didn't see you post a picture of your comments, I'm glad you agreed to remove such a thing. I'm glad we can both agree that this picture doesn't belong here. It was hard, but I won you over."
"Ole Miss?... Which is crazy, as they made Alabama look the most beatable they have looked in a while"
"Ah, that's shitty. Not any more, the rules changed a few months ago to all iPlayer content."
"I guess the Jews who told me holocaust jokes are double NAZIs tehn. Because everyone who ever laughed at a holocaust joke is totally a nazi, and everyone who likes dead baby jokes is 100% in favor of infanticide. It's not like they have a different sense of humor than you or anything. Nope, they're literally all rapists."
op is now ops friend Gay interracial orgy with huge dicks in mouths DO NOT CLICK. Unless you're OP's friend.
or you can get a VPN and watch it on Hulu. What is the best way to request a torrent be uploaded?5 I'm desperate to watch Tommy Wiseau's The Neighbors but it's only on Hulu and only available in the U.S. Is there a reputable site where I can request it?
is there a sub for black friday gifs like this? For those looking forward to shop on Black Friday
"Exactly what I was thinking! I smell a troll. An 11 year old girl using words like ""primal idiot"", ""gay hater"", and then of course the ""teachers could care less as long as they get paid"" rant. BTW teachers are REQUIRED by law and at the risk of their job to report ANY incidents of bullying. And where does she live where she as a Christian is outnumbered?"
WG will make fail platoons impossible soon! Why should they even need to ban? Just make it impossible to create a fail platoon.
BRING IT ON! Lay will be a host for the 2015 CCTV Net Spring Festival(and Yifan and Luhan will be preforming)! And there will be a live webcast on Feb. 11st!
"She can she elephant at Rajaji National Park around 200 km from Delhi. Tourist question about Taj &amp; Elephants Okay i'm trying to help a pretty computer illiterate coworker of mine... Shes traveling to New Delhi for work next week and will be there for a few days. She has all day Tuesday and Wednesday until 10pm when here flight is. Pretty much she wants to see/ride/touch an elephant, and visit the Taj. Any recomenndations. I see there's a million tours on tripadvisor for the taj mahal but cant really find anything on her elephant request. I appreciate any help, thanks!"
I'd take Gerrard over Kljestan any day of the week. FUCK...Got screwed again.
I feel the peanut butter could clash. Go give it a whirl. It's so good it may make you believe in God.
24% more damage is insane and it completely solves mana sustain. Why would you ever use Lioneye's with ST? I know you get some more dmg from pierce and a meager amount of leech(if phys) but apart from that? I just don't think it's worth it when combined with the difficulty of getting the sockets right.
i goof'd Don't oppress me. ^^^^Alsoyouweresupposedtocontinuetheautocorrectjokebutthatsokay
"You can just twist the bar to rack it at any point in the movement... Not that you should squat in the Smith machine, but that is actually one of the main advantages a Smith has over free weights. Squatting in the smith machine is asinine. Unlike a free barbell, the smith machine does not have the capacity of rolling off your back, so if the bar goes down, you go down with it. This could lead to a ton of injuries. I know it is supported ever so slightly on the way down, but I've seen people getting hurt/or been close to because the weight they had on was far greater than the resistance."
Just replying for an update. Thanks for the game. You made my night :D
you would But what if you just keep faling back and forth? Would you not ultimately end up stuck in the middle?
That would be the one all of the cars are parked in. It's not clear. Where is the second lane?
"To lick. Like, to eat?"
"Only heard this movie advertised once, and that was when the edm radio station I listen to in the morning brought up how they had to change the trailer because the first one pissed off so many real djs ""We Are Your Friends"" opens with the fourth worst debuts for a film showing in 2,000+ theaters"
A-fucking-men NEVER MORE TRUE THAN NOW!!!
"Last year of high school (dutch version of hs), answer will probably be ""not trying to get to know/ask out that one super cute girl"" once I'm out of here I'm not for the life of me going to approach someone who probably doesn't even know about my existence Redditors, what do you regret not doing in high school?"
"What a shitty idea TIFU Dog poop + weed whacker Didn't happen to me today yada yada yada, but I will preface this by saying I'm not dumb (definitely immature though for being in my late 20s.) I'm usually pretty logical and saftey driven. That said I still dick off now and again. I work as a building superintendent/ maintenance supervisor which suits my skill set fairly well, I'm definitely a jack of all trades (master of none). I've never really done a lot of landscaping but I'm very familiar with power tools and automotive tools, so gas powered outdoor tools (chainsaws, leaf blowers and the almighty weed whacker) have been an interest as of late. It starts one day when I have nothing really to do inside so I get out a brand new weed whacker to take care of some unruly weeds. There is something strangely satisfying about annihilating some 3 foot tall weeds and watching them fall over defeated. So I'm outside for an hour give or take and I'm having a blast! Laughing having a good old time then I notice a fresh pile of dog poop and thought it would be hilarious to intentionally hit it with the weed whacker. High on destruction I aim right for it and the gravity of the situation doesn't hit me until right as the line spinning at like 10,000 RPM touches. LUCKILY I closed my mouth because what I can only describe as a dog shit hand grenade goes off. So there I stand stunned covered in dog shit, thinking to myself ""what did you think was going to happen!"" It went from happy fun times to not in .25 seconds, and then I got to spend the rest of the afternoon cleaning dog poo off my boots, pants, saftey glasses and myself. Tl;dr Thought it would be funny to hit dog poop with a weed whacker. It was not."
"Please tell me you're use the term ""wife"" (as opposed to ""ex"") mistakenly or because the divorce is not technically final yet. My Wife told her boyfriend, that she ""Wouldn't divorce me, because divorce is a sin, but when I die she'll marry him the day after,"" and that she loves him more than she ever loved me."
"Yeah, but not in front of Mom. It's ok, we've all tried this at some point"
"I love a great sarcastic comment, we'll done! My phone just exploded because the resolution of this image was too high. Please consider our devices before posting, OP."
Same 26 owner who's been really considering this route.
This is also known as an Airmans jewel. today the shadow of our plane lined up with a rainbow halo. May never get a shot like this again.
"Wales does this! Make all US citizens 18 and older organ donors by default. To remove yourself from the list, you can opt out and be listed as a non-donor on your ID."
"Yes, but I believe there still a large Azerbaijani population living in the south east. The Turks that lived there were mostly deported by the Soviet Union."
"Only 350 thousand? California has identified nearly 350,000 students in grades six through 12 who have attended California schools for seven years or more and can still not speak English."
What a whiny group of children. Bernie Sanders Supporters Protest Election Coverage At Hollywood CNN Building
The drive shaft is 4 bolts on each end... what is easier to remove than that? I hear you can tow from the front by removing something easier then the drive shaft
He actually kinda looks like the shitty charmander guy. Impression guy does it again
"Diggin the background jazz tunes I know you guys might not light Mothership, but here is a glob."
"Well I know I'm just a stranger on the internet, but I'm very proud of you for quitting and glad you've stuck with it! I have to go 1/10. As a former smoker, now 5 years quit (6 years tomorrow actually!), I enjoyed the hell out of it at times. I enjoyed it, and it was in control at times, and it made my health suffer and made me stink and left me with lingering issues that are still clearing up, and a metal void/want I can never fill... but yet, It felt pretty good for awhile."
"""Join a fad"" ""Always be crazy"" ""Be yourself"" Wait, what? ""How to Act Swag"""
what a subtle faggot joke Don't let the door hit you on your way out. Bigot.
"You'd be surprised by how 'strong' some feeler types can be. I completely relate to this. In order for me to respect a man in a relationship, he needs to possess a personality that is as strong, if not stronger than my own. Otherwise, he gets steamrolled. Ironically enough, it seems that I am a magnet for F-type males."
"So a card like [[Hedron Archive]] that taps for (2) can be used to cast spells or activate abilities requiring colorless mana. Yes, anything that produces colorless can satisfy the colorless symbol in costs (the new Diamond). Oracle wording of the cards has been updated to reduce this confusion. So your power plants will be able to pay it, just like before, but not your Forests."
I have enough money that I don't have to stick to an SKS. Main rifle? Fal Innawoods? Sks
"For such a big Centre back, he has been shit winning headers. Am I the only one who thinks Younes looks a bit shit so far?"
Uppers and alcohol suck and just make you feel shitty. Just gonna let you know - Large quantities of alcohol plus ritalin once pushed me over the edge. Into alcohol psychosis territory.
Rocket League says otherwise! 4 Player split screen multiplayer.
"Abhi English mein bhi bol do? Kiran Bedi on Twitter: ""(Sorry,Late) @chiragmyson: U are not defeated but d currupteds ,that was afraid because of u has won. But i m sure, 1 day d truth will b won"""
who do you use? I buy approximately 99% of my wines via an online merchant. I use one merchant exclusively. Here are why I use them: Online ordering and inventory system. En primeur offers. Temperature/climate controlled members reserves. Trusted buying team who bring only good wines to the table. Refund policy for corked wines. AAA customer service. Good value for money. If you can't do anything else then do the last four. Good luck!
"No, voice is for speech It's a figure of speech."
Did you just assume his gender? They decided a man's face is offensive...?
"Many no longer have to work to afford healthcare. *Looks like they are all declining......* Including the labor participation rate, lowest since 1978! Wait, that's not good, is it?"
"We have the best speaking style, don't we folks? It's so creepy how you cultists have copied your cult leader's speaking style."
But it's so much easier to deny any accounts which don't fit into our existing ideas as fabrications and nonsense. No man! Science! Weve got it all figured out. We know everything there is to know! Everything els is just impossible magic nonsense!
"He's manifesting Eris' mighty will. What he says is true. Everything's true. That being said, it's pretty awesome to see this dude trash a religion he doesn't understand just because he disagreed with a feminist on feminist theory. That's totally gonna help him get his point across."
These guys aren't exactly underground. Archspire - Archspire (Tech Death)
"Totally legit comparison dude. It's the MLB realizing that umps aren't perfect. If a player had brained another player with the bat and the umps didn't catch it, should it go unpunished?"
"He is a troll and he knows that he gets a rise out of folks. Kim Dot Com just tweeted that the FBI now has Hillary Clinton's e-mails, and have informed Obama."
"That's crazy, the people there must be going nuts. Just a tree growing out of the side of a condemned psychiatric hospital."
"They used to be considered genius's now they are just tier 1 customer support. People who fixed basic technology for a living (laptops, phones, computers). Literally type your problem into Google and it'll give you a step-by-step guide to completely resolve your issue."
Them purple links ;) Current UFC 205 Fight Card
"Shit, _he ain't even close!_ The problem I have with Belt is that he doesn't have 500 homers yet."
"That's a weird thing to put on a belt buckle True in any time, sadly."
"Does this work with non-samsung devices? I've never tried Tizen to know if I would like/hate the OS, but as long as I get text notifications, heart rate monitoring, vibrate alarm, **and some damn decent battery life**, I'd give it a try."
To beat off the semis? Why do they always have a stick?
"NiP ^^^^^^^^sucks ^^^^^^^^Kappa I'm a simple man, I see NiP I press upvote"
"Whites don't have a culture to appropriate, shitlord! I work with a black woman who straightens her hair. She is quite nice and funny and has never bothered me before but now that tumblr taught me about cultural appropriation I am going to go tell her how offensive she is for STEALING MY WHITE CULTURE FOR HER OWN VANITY!"
so not a slapper? &lt;---- number of bangers Future and Drake have made #bangers
"Those skills also aren't the result of an English degree but more the result of innate skill, and practice. If people don't think that this world needs more good writers, communicators, and *especially good critical thinkers* - skills often learned in the humanities - they are delusional. And those skills are very marketable."
"Getting dates. Redditors, what can you openly admit you suck at doing?"
Glasshouses. To say nothing of his complicity with a regime dependent on widespread forced labour and human trafficking. A real class act.
"The temptation was really there, but it was an innocent mistake that she blew up. You should've danced around like a monkey in front of her saying ""go ahead, tell my manager ya poop face!"""
Jamaica: Partying doesn't stop/ Rampant Homophobia Hi reddit! What's the best/worst thing about your country?
wut russia just needs to become part of the usa.. 51 state open travel between the countries and sharing of infomation russia is more closer to the usa then any other nation state on earth
What Mike
"breakerman, sounds like a megaman villain for sure! Should have a supervillain Federal Pacific breakerman, too."
"Also, never before has a card's summoning quote forever changed the perception of another card as Huckster did to Refreshment Vendor. Undercity Huckster also has one of the best attack sounds in the game. ""BUY ONE!"" startles me every time I hear it."
And will the eventual Republican nominee be called the Grand Dragon? What kind of party will the Republican nominee lead in 2016?
"i'm apparently incapable of reading it any other way, please enlighten me Read from the start and try reading comprehension"
"About 5 minutes according to some of my customers Ideally, how long should you wait for a seller to ship your purchased item? Hi, I'm fairly new to Ebay and I was wondering how long sellers generally take to ship your item. The seller I purchased the item from has great reviews but I'm getting a bit antsy. I've also tried to message him yesterday but I have yet to hear a response. I've purchase about five other items in the past and all of which shipped the same day I purchased them, where as I bought from this particular seller four days ago. Should I be worried?"
"Broncos are dropping like flies Adam Schefter on Twitter: ""Bears are signing former Broncos LB Danny Trevathan, per source."""
Can this be integrated into bitmessage without breaking backwards compatibility? PoS and Bitmessage
"Rename the planet Jonestown My first thought was that. The other species picked the planet, and I thought ""...did they make me do this just so they could all mass suicide?"""
"Not to mention all the wars fought on behalf of Big Olive Oil Olive Oil Fraud (2012) Inside look at the fraudulent going ons within the Olive Oil Industry, containing interviews from ex-olive oil industry workers."
"A subjenctive question, but I personally enjoy it more than LoL. Is this game better than LoL?"
Yup. you mean you now think she truly believes the things she said vs before thinking she was playing for attention?
Very cool... Thanks for posting. My friend's grandparent gave her their collection of Muni Fast Passes from the 1970's.
"Truly counter logic I fell asleep in fear of r/clg becoming the most toxic bomb ever but woke up to a lot of love-threads. Gosh, I love this community. &lt;3"
"Stafford has something like 15 points in 18 games as a Jet. That was the thing I feared most (but am ultimately happy about) with him. I loved him as a Sabre and he will be a linchpin for your defense for a long time. It's good to read that he and Stafford have hit their strides at the right time for you guys, here's to getting into the playoffs."
"But I need it in fullscreen because I cannot afford input lag (it's a rhythm game) That should only happen if the game is full screen, put it in windowed or full screen-windowed and maybe it'll not go black"
Blizz says that the 60 tick mode for custom games is buggy for 20% of people which is why they have not rolled it out. The 20 ticks servers were not???
"And they've been there for a lot longer than the 12's agreed, since they do not refer to themselves as ""us 12s."" Irritating, to say the least."
"It's going to be a Sybian, modeled on Elong's wand. Definitely going to be branded toilet paper for all of the fanboys because remember, everything with a Tesla badge is instantly better!"
"Yup, the overqualified and unemployed will take any job over unemployment and then leave in 3 months after they've found something on their level. I know it is cliche, but I'm always very skeptical of overqualified seeming people. Even if the resume is legit, I worry about things. I once told a hiring manager that we didn't need more PhDs. The manager kept trying to interview/hire people with PhDs from MIT for entry level work. The PhDs weren't interested in the positions once they learned about them, and if they had accepted the position they would have been desperate to get out after a short time."
"The vouchers are for tickets purchased from 1999-2013. Ditto. I've used it several times, and at least one of those times I definitely had an account. It was in 2014. I've got nothing."
"It is good, low usage, well organized and lets me know at a glance what my PC is doing. NZXT CAM What are your opinions on it?"
What is HBCU? Except at HBCUs. Hard to get minority scholarships where typically 90% of a student population at any given HBCU is black.
"If Romney wasn't Mormon, he'd still be unreliable. And yet, no one trusts one enough to make him president..."
"Calm down, Satan. Now beat Plutonia Experiment on Nightmare. That. THAT. Is the true test of one's Doom mettle."
"Philpapers survey probably. Belief is not a democracy. Each person must judge evidence and arguments for themselves, and make judgements accordingly. If over 70% of philosophers don't think there is a good argument for the existence of God, then it sounds like a substantial amount do believe there are good arguments for God's existence. Out of curiosity, where did the over 70% number come from?"
Not me US! Great work OP! Entire world say thank you! Keep it up!!
"70k+ is solidly in 'talk to a lawyer' territory. (KY) Father taking money from my trust fund My grandmother passed away in early 2011 and when she died, she created pretty clearly defined trusts for each grandchild, including my sister and myself with roughly $70,000 in each. Our dad had these put in money market accounts and diversified market funds that were supposed to be sitting in there making money and we could withdraw it for 'Support, care, maintenance, and education.' (We only used it for our college tuition.) Our dad was the named trustee and has been the only person with access to this money for the past 5 years (the will said my sister and me couldn't take control of the money until we turn 25, which comes in 5 and 7 years for us.) Anyway, earlier this week we made a call to the broker who handled these funds for us and asked for our balances and they were both at below $5,000 which was about $70,000 short of what we had expected them to be because we go to school in state and live at home, so capital gains roughly cancel out tuition costs. I called my dad and asked him and he admitted he had been taking money out of our trust funds for the past 5 years in order to pay his living expenses and basically not work, which by all indicators seems it would be a breach of fiduciary duty on his part. Where should I start to pursue recouping these losses from him (if it's even worth it in legal fees) and how can I report this broker to somebody, because I'm not convinced he wasn't blatantly allowing our dad to take this money from us?"
"That *was* telling. Haha yeah, at the point that I read ""this time"" I saw red. My family had been telling me for years that same sex couples couldn't experience ""real"" love and a relationship would never work out because it was just based on lust and mental illness. Having her refer to my marriage as though it was already doomed to fail was just the ultimate punch in the gut after all of that."
"yeah, I get confused with wording sometimes ^ ^ '' The whole thing squicked me out, so I didn't read too much of it. I have to agree with your philosophy/ethics of wasted resources, adoption seems a whole lot better than uterus implantation. I assumed your experiment is supposed to be experience."
"Yep, I have a ton of very partisan Republican friends who I discuss politics with, and they have remarked with awe that it seems Berniebots hate Hillary more than they do. It's not even just Hillary supporters. Saying anything less than perfect about Sanders, however innocuous, is met with abrasiveness and vitriol. I've resigned myself to not commenting on anything on the ol facebook because the Bernbots are just rabid dogs about everything. I should add i'm not even particularly fond of HIllary, i'm just sick of the shit sanders supporters pull. I was fucking attacked the other day for simply pointing out that taxes would rise considerably on middle income households and that is a source of contention for a large subset of voters."
"If you are super competitive and lose 50+ games a year, the on court frustration is going to be HIGH! He is very very passionate about winning. Unfortunately, it translates to tantrums and everything else you've seen now with Cousins when things don't go his way. Love the dude, but we're lucky this didn't cost us the game because it happened at a crucial moment of the game. A technical free throw and possession to the Wolves could have cost us the win. I'm fine with him showing emotion, but it needs to be kept in check especially during crunch time. The call was definitely right too, he was not set and it was a definite block."
"Too bad, OP you have to deliver But it's hard to hold your phone with your teeth when filming"
"Hopefully he cuts that shit out a bit so a freak injury like that doesn't happen, the dumbest way to get an injury possible on the field Yup"
Per se I have a friend called Gennings. Pronounced the same way too. My phone is used to me typing Gennings and not Jennings per say.
probably ready to cash in the new updates Jerma is streaming TF2 NOW!
"maybe it was vandalized, if you want, i can link you to the primary and secondary sources I went back to this today to show a co-worker, and this has been edited out of the Wiki page."
"This is why OSRS need a proper clan system... I get that OSRS players don't want the game to change into RS3 but small changes to actually prevent people from scamming one another is not a bad thing. Clanmate gets ely drop from corp. Moment of happiness before he logged and kept it for himself. ""I'm taking a pic,"" was the last thing he said. =("
Gimme until June to turn 21 and I'll hit you up for for my last stint in Austin. As long as your over 18 though preferably 21 or older. I'm 23 so I'm not that much older than the typical undergrad.
"Everybody knows that! M-O-O-N, that spells Boulder."
"I hated him until like 2 weeks ago he did that $30k Overwatch lan and thought that was pretty cool, but after reading this thread he sounds like a fucking idiot, wow. I kinda liked him, but after he told the story about his dad and how his dad chased his mom on the street with a knife and stabbed her but she wasn't that hurt and got to cover and after all he still respected his father I understood he was full of shit and I just unsubscribed and unfollowed. Can't trust that guy"
"Sexy people problems. Obese guy loses 200lbs, gets muscular, then shocked about how women only like him for his body"
"I know that this is generally frowned upon amongst the atheistic reddit community, but anything that goes against my religion. What the one thing that you would absolutely not do for your SO? I mean other then weird thoughts, I would do almost anything for mine. What are some no, no nos from you guys/gals?"
Late last week my friend! When did you order if you don't mind me asking?
Cutest loli. Taikonator 3000 made it into the bg images of the Christmas update!
That costume is insanely great! Stopping by the Apple Store in my Halloween costume
Even when the episode aired I disagreed with it. What we do with recycling has greatly improved since the episode aired.
No No.
No way either of them deserve it over Jackson right now. They might want to save it until next season and give it to Watson or McCaffrey this year. Jackson is a beast though - so damn fast.
Why? Orlando has shown interest in center Cole Aldrich
Have any of the streamers seen those walking sentinels yet? Delivering more - The front and back of the official North American case
Same for me with my subaru impreza I get 32.7 mpg on my civic and the sticker said it will get 33 combined. So quite near actually.
"That isn't a demo, that's a refund feature. Steam has a demo feature anyway, full game for 2 hours."
foot foot doot doot
"""It looked better on your sister."" How not to respond to your SO's ""How do I look?"" question"
Just sick. My Windowlicker mask I made.
"I think you just made me gay for tolerance Discussion thread for The Simpsons S25E14 - ""The Winter of His Content"" Airing soon!"
Where might one locate which states qualify for this? To add to this comment many states give Medicaid to children with birth defects for the first few years.
"Sounds a lot like a game called League of Legends. Afks.... So I just played a game and other team had 2 premades that went afk.. FREELO, ENDED 4 game losing streak FCK YA"
"If we don't give them 30 days notice will they keep our deposit? They totally can, and in fact do all the time. Most treaties have clauses that say stuff like ""to leave the treaty, please let everyone know 30 days in advance."" It is considered polite to comply with the termination clause, but it's a formality really."
"Nah, worse sites have made to the top simply for supporting Sanders. Yet it continues to front page, maybe for the controversy."
"Syndra could pick up and throw blue and red buffs, but never dragon or Baron. hmmm, i thought i have seen that but i can not find anything on yt. Maybe i was wrong"
"You ruined it. Because it says ""or"""
"Just make sure you don't forget to cry in your car about it or the rugged, fit men can't come and rescue you. Aw, thanks! Somebody else just said unkind things about my parentage so this was nice to hear."
I'm already lured in and enchanted by your legs and socks :* I'll use my socks to lure you in
when all the kitten born with small head and die in 1 month time I wonder when will this cat and mouse game end.
"Some one's pretty lucky! I kid you not, I walk into work today and there are two full boxes of these waiting at the door"
"Thanks for doing this- it was exciting! UPDATE - Unusual Dead Cone w/ Nuts &amp; Bolts Again, please give kohjingyu, BIueblaze, and edge_of_the_eclair a thank-you for all pitching in on the hat! Winner is: **I_B with #493!!!!** ___________________________________________________ Added him and will hopefully get in contact soon so that he can have his unusual! Thanks to everyone who entered, and keep an eye out next week for Scout hats/items."
"To call the majority of a religious group with over 1.3 billion followers is a bit of a generalization. Are you stupid enough to believe that people who are brainwashed by a religion that is entirely preposterous would not all have an agenda handed down to them by that religion. Yes, yes you are."
"Then they can't be surrounded by conformation bias. Californians should move inland, make the other states bluer."
"He seems uh...pretty dead dude He's not ""dead dead"". He's just ""dead""."
Its OP just because it does something? the new Redemption item is too op now for support.
Aw what the fuck is there a replay on later or what Samoa Vs Fiji Match Thread **If anybody wants to create a more official one feel free** Should be Samoa by 20+ I reckon
"Now I know why I am a smelly bastard. TIL why most Japanese, Chinese, Koreans, and South East Asians have little to no body odor."
"Nice to see my town on here So there's this hill, called the ""escarpment"" technically, but everyone around here calls it ""the mountain"". I know, it's a hill, doesn't matter. Anyway, there are some good bands in town, The Casbah often has some good local bands and a decent out-of-towner, but if you're a hip chick you'll avoid the whole Hess area (kinda... rapey). I recommend the waterfront to be honest, Centennial Park is beautiful (although the ducks must be dicks, just like in the 1500's). There's this whole industrialization thing I don't want to get into, but just don't drink the water, alright?"
I am also curious I'm on Gilgamesh. Is there a linkshell I can join?
"i doubt they'll poll it, they know it won't pass if they do idk why they're planning on t80 item. surely they'll poll it, and surely it'll fail miserably. t80 is up there in terms of what has the worst stigma. maybe they'll make it t75 and call it a day lol. but Im with u. bosses are already easy with all the new bis gear. t80 would just make it too easy."
Common in european countries. Gay Marriage. - Canada.
"grey square means that you have the bug, and dont have the 6.0.1 bugfix yet There's a grey square in the middle. It that supposed to be there or does that mean the issue applies to my phone?"
"Tell him about Balanced Rebellion. This is what pisses me off. 80-90% of the people I talk to *like* Johnson and what he stands for. They're just so fucking afraid of the spoiler element that they refuse to give him their vote. My girlfriend's father is Johnson to a T. He smokes pot, he's a hunter, he's a farmer,he hates all things government, he's not racist and very inclusive of all races. He's begrudgingly voting for Trump because he hates Hillary **more** than he hates Trump. He initially told me that he wishes I would vote for Trump, but I think he respects that I've been standing my ground for so long. Also yes, my girlfriend is a huge Johnson supporter, we both went to the rally today :)"
"We might wanna thank those ""Played 150 games till legend, hunter op"" posts, which basically focus on mulligan everything to get undertaker, spam deathrattle bs and go for face. It's definitely an aggro meta on NA. You can thank undertaker for that."
"Nothing, they were shot out of a Vehicle gun (mod). What arr they chasing?"
Am i the only one who had no problem with darklurker? Fuck Darklurker. That is all
Not to mention some of the best run stopping games were w/o fairly anyway I think we will be fine. Austin knows what he's doing.
If Hillary has managed to alienate even Sarandon to that point then things are grimmer for HRC then we thought ... Susan Sarandon mulling Trump vote over Clinton
repost Lilo and Stitch is sexist
ur a poopface that guys r dumb
829 miles from bfe Alabama to M&amp;T bank Stadium How far are you from your favorite team's stadium?
Your a women to I can tell Given you know their relationship so intimately oh random redditor.
Gylfi Sigurdsson Listening to the game on the Germany Slovakia game on the radio.
Only one question remains... Did Yale receive it too? Good Governance Day: Varsities received HRD circular as well
"Our spruce trees aren't very tall, but that is still enormous and realistic. No way that's real. Unless those are midget trees. Right?"
I don't see how cops using Waze makes it any less effective for avoiding cops. Cops have been using waze. Be safe!
"I would say only 5 teleports a game. I like it; I don't love it. The teleport mechanic probably needs serious tweaking, and I'm **not** a fan of prescribed kill zones because part of the reason I want to play Jason is to come up with my own creative kills, but overall I *love* the teleport idea and the presentation thus far is fantastic. I'm keeping my eye on it, but so far I'm not inclined to a purchase."
I think the little shot ovi got from whoever that penguin was behind him showed he wasn't saying anything too polite lol It actually looked like he was complimenting him. Maybe reverse psychology?
"My 2003 alero didn't have it, my 1987 325 has it, when I found myself sideways going down a main road from snow and ice (was probably going too fast), ABS definitely helped. and yeah who needs traction control and abs anyways? less fun when driving it is the way I look at it."
I kept waiting for the implosion and rupture of his organs due to pressure shock. Doctors hate him!!
"Your post history suggests that you really want to kill off more people, man. 7000 sounds low, maybe there is a way to increase it"
Anal [Regen] Item linking in chat! Finally!
"Hey sorry to bother you, but could you PM me the link as well? Sent you a PM"
"Always catches me off guard after driving under that bridge. Yeah, it's in Boston along I-90. That is Fenway stadium you see sticking up behind the billboard."
"I mean the sound of change is the basis for Pink Floyd's song Money, so OP is half way there If it helps, that's percussion."
Just the way they brought back black money in 100 days? BJP will scrap Vadra-DLF deal if voted to power in Haryana: Prasad
"They also tend to ban anyone how goes against their world view from commenting, and seem to focus on US affairs as much as UK. I'd consider InfoWars right wing."
"So we wont see bearded men kicking doors down for trying to download 2girls 1 cup the movie? No major hosting companies within our borders. The minor ones don't count. We're only blocking material. If you can download it, good for you."
"I think he is speaking of the ""hit it and quit it"" focus of keeping score. When you say part of the seduction community, what do you mean? I have coached people a little bit, not a full blown course but given pointers and stuff. I'd be happy to help"
Ratings and critical reception disagree with you as far as seasons 1 and 2 go. Arrow was never good.
"Does the same happen with hitachis? I can't stand these saws, I haven't used much else but they are extremely prone to this type of behavior. The amount of force exerted on the blade can change the cut dramatically in every direction"
"That seems like quite the time committment into WoT just to stop. I started rereading WoT to get to the last three books. But I was alternating each with Malazan. By Memories of Ice, I stopped reading the WoT. I need to try reread them again... ... But I have also started rereading Malazan, and need to restart the Stormlight Archives. Oh dear."
tires* It could be like an F1 pitstop. Get it down to 2.2 seconds and four new tyres.
I own the battlechest IRL I just don't have it where I currently reside. People will never learn. Just pay the full price for this AWESOME game.
"Rules don't say it, evolution does.. TIL That there are no rules in any professional sport that ban women from playing alongside men"
"what were your symptoms? I got me some mercury poisoning from tuna about 12 years ago. Money was super tight so I was eating a mixture of 4 cans of tuna, white rice and BBQ sauce **EVERY** day for 4-5 months. I put myself on a self imposed 10 year hiatus. I only eat it occasionally and sparingly."
"Probably doesn't help that Ryan and Co use ""Conservative"" and ""Republican"" as the same ideology, whereas Trump tends to distance himself from being a ""Conservative"". Paul Ryan is stuck in a Trump trap"
Go to r/Hyderabad for better responses. GATE materials in Hyderabad
New uniforms are more realistic though. How about we get a team that learns to play right and win something before wanting uniforms? Did love the all black though.
Lol they seem so cheesy and stereotypical. Sorry you're getting downvoted. I've never seen or wanted to see a James Bond movie either.
"Very cool idea and obviously it's not feasible to buy all these items but I have to point out the downfall that there will probably be a turnover of a couple days or less for most of these ads. No, I don't actually buy any of the furniture. I just re-post things that I like."
They have time to figure out how to make their own. How would an immortal get a new fake ID today?
"Wut? You cite a lack of one sides propaganda, while citing another sides propaganda as a reason for anything?"
Aye. All in favor?
He doesn't know about season three Once you've gotten into a show and really like it.
"Dude it was alrd secular and multisectarian. If Lebanese politics had had Muslims as the political majority in a similar framework of weak political representation then it would almost certainly resemble the classic Cold War authoritarian secular Muslim state like pre-revolution Iran, Nasserist Egypt and Assad Syria, and therefore be internally peaceful as well."
"Thanks for proving exactly what I just said. Normally but in this case this kid is an ignorant douche. The Peso is completely outside of the control of the president. This is 100% exogenous to the Mexican economy. Banxico has two options to reverse the trend use up all reserves to temporarily prop up the Pesos value but them eliminate any funds they have to address any shock that might arise. Or 2 raise interests rates making mexican assets more valuable vs international investments but by doing so create headwinds to the mexican economy. As shitty as this situation is, an educated person can at least realize their is zero anyone can do to address this. The Mexican government cant create stimulus because guess what? It's too dependant on the plummeting value of oil."
"Fatty meat doesn't usually cause obesity, but rather excessive carbohydrates. The Pacific island of Tonga is the most obese country in the world. Up to 40% of the population is thought to have diabetes and life expectancy is falling. One of the main causes is a cheap, fatty kind of meat - mutton flaps - imported from New Zealand."
"""FIFA expose film on Sepp Blatter altered with comments from FIFA to avoid controversy"" 'Concussion' football movie altered to avoid angering NFL -NY Times"
I feel like I'm the only one without a data cap. I thought this was common knowledge by now. It has been going around everywhere so much.
I'd like to hear his side of the story before deciding if he did desert his post... cant really say what the truth is at this point. Fuck that guy. He's a deserter.
"How did Vietnam go for you? I deepest apologies sir. I just made the assumption that if there was terrorist activity in a weak country such as France, America would be there to kick major butt. Just like every time a country has an issue."
"""Picture of A Goose"" coming September 2014. That goose looks like he's about to drop the hottest album of 2014."
":/, nothing but :/ Post-Game Discussion Thread (BOS vs. SJS) Is it just me, or are all our games against the Sharks the same?"
Yo what the Mother charged with injecting feces to son's IV during cancer treatment
Agreed. It is like casting jessica alba for fantastic 4 movie but make her play the invisible woman
"So, did this trailer blow COD's trailer out of the water like the devs claimed it would? Watch ""Battlefield 1 Official Reveal Trailer"" on YouTube"
LG has said by 3rd Quarter there will be a software update to add WiFi. So it might get it?
"But Aragorn was a man, and he gained ground on them... Wrong, uruk-hai beat us."
"Got the same video card as you, I've got the problem. nvidia geforce gt 635M - its a laptop. Only problem i have is random fps spikes every now and then and huge decrease when near smoke, but crashes and stuff never happens"
"M'hoe Pointed differences make it, doe."
Either OP lives in 268A or just burgled/murdered the people in 268A. This door in North London makes me hideously uncomfortable.
"Stage one - shock and denial. The meltdown is starting, sit back and watch!"
"Yeah, you don't want to see the REST of it. it WAS the tip"
"make africa great atlast? I was born in Kenya, and have been lying to the American people this entire time. #MAGA"
Did not see all of the other CP members calling him out on that? Your MhoC Fellow commie said that the US government did 9/11 during the interview.
You're trivializing sexual abuse by referencing it where it has no place or parallel all for the sake of bullshit shock value. How is it an insult?
re-read what you typed When Jared came in I lost it!
This guy gets it. Dad here. There's no manual telling you what to do to be a good dad. I just know from growing up what not to do. My actions now are the best I know how.
Its actually really nice and will bring way more people here! The 'Join the Community!' news rectangle brings you to the subreddit
"Yeah, Mr Habs is awesome and always has highlights up every night very quickly. I'll give credit to where it's due: Mr.H4bs is a friend I've met on a hockey forum more than a year ago and he's been showing us his videos since the beginning. He's also the same one who created the penguins harlem shake video mid season. Great guy, very talented, I'd recommend his other videos!"
A sword that doubles as a pen. they say the pen is mightier then the sword but what is mightier then the pen? You may not choose eraser as a option
"One of the most fun times I ever had on Facebook was when my Aunt who had polio shut down an anti vaxxer talking shit about the polio vaccine. Wow, this anti vaccination group is seriously big in the West. Sometimes, I think poor people are much smarter than their rich counterparts. India recently was announced polio free and also managed to eradicate maternal and neonatal Tetanus all thanks to successful vaccination campaigns. It is extremely weird that the more educated people are against vaccines."
"I can't believe that was a real person and not just a really devoted troll/roleplayer. Ahahahahahahha. Now I'm collecting trans tropes from you. I think we have bingo. Everyone check it, we got bingo!! Still waiting on those sources."
It basically starts 11 hours and 40 minutes from now What time is IEM Cologne? What time (US Central) Do the first matches start tomorrow?
Indubitably. Precisely.
Steelers are the 2nd best team in the AFC. The Steelers treated the Redskins worse than Andrew Jackson tonight.
Was it LegacyPvP IS this banable? I was let into a faction then they kicked me and then let in an ally clan to kill me
Forg1ven did well on Origen but his team did horrible and he was kicked afterwards. forg1ven was also a beast at origen.
Thank you ^ ^ You should be the new Bukhari m8.
"Whatever the highest bidder told me to say. If you could broadcast your voice around the world so that everyone can hear you, what would you say?"
"Or to make a cutting joke about a girl who did nothing to deserve it? It's because we don't say stupid filler shit. We talk only when we have something to say, not to just talk about random shit."
Just because it needs to be done doesn't mean you talk about it on the campaign trail. The government is so bloated what else cold possibly be done? We need that money going back to the Health Care system.
They were off in the details but then they were on in the game and the input lag is REAL. I thought I turned items off? Damn sorry guys...
I was curious about more interesting/unconventional options :) I'm gonna go with the obvious answer here: milk.
"Debug it while its running in VS and pause it when it seems unresponsive, see what its idling on. Diagnosing Cause of Unresponsive Windows Service I have seen this happen on occasion on our Windows 2008 servers running in AWS EC2 where we have a Windows Service which becomes unresponsive. By ""unresponsive"" I mean that incoming requests will time out, and when I go to the services administrator, the service shows as ""Running"", however I am unable to restart, or stop the service. I have to actually kill the process in order to restart it. I am unable to find anything in the event logs, or a crash dump. Any ideas, or advice on how to go about diagnosing the root cause of these failures? I have access to the C# source code of the services, but they are not logging any exceptions."
Just print the damn thing! Enhance! *typing* Enhance!
0:57 is when it gets magical Feel Bork. Inc
"Based mods. Banned, Fatty McFatfat"
"I don't really know what he is doing... Friis has been in a total of 2 matches so far, I want a statement from friis, or either of the teams he plays for as he's played for Reason, CW and Cplay all within 2 months.."
"Alright boys I need you to do what I say, shut the fuck up, and not think for yourselves. I found a dress Ricky could buy Lucy!"
"Lol just chillin with the little four banger going ""WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH"" But the s class can do it effortlessly and almost unnoticeably. An accent would be terrifying"
"Abortion wouldn't be much better for the child anyways. While it makes complete sense that you would want revenge on your ex, I can't understand why you would decide to punish the child as well. Another kid without dedicated parents and a stable environment didn't need to be brought into the world, and however shitty she was it was outright cruel to seek revenge in a way that would impact an innocent kid."
Because his smile is responsible for the shrinking polar ice caps. why does everyone here have a crush on cam o_O
it is... :( My life is a cruel jape. But is it your _parent's_ basement? There's a pretty big distinction.
I'd rather he go to Eugene than Purdoo. PJ fleck is going to go to Oregon.
"he was tearing it up last night, well deserved. holiday getting serious minutes, huh?"
"As I said, this is a bad idea, since any exam course will have very limited coverage compared to the real world. They could also make a exam course for driverless cars. Where the car must pass a set of task this course can be setup to have a wide variety of situations and it can be changed before new firmware/updates are released. Same thing as having a test suite for software."
I think he meant he served the sauce he already made over rice. That's disgusting.
"The databases schools use to access academic research and publications are horrendous compared to Google. If you are in grad school, you likely can get access to the journals through your school. Your school's library website probably has a search function on it or can get you access to the article. Source: Grad student"
"Yep, and given that they're a parliamentary republic, the PM holds more sway than the President, whose role in more ceramonial and unifying. Well, Lebanon is *constitutionally required* to have a Christian president. But aside from that, cool list!"
Well....what does he do at work to pass the time? I think the Silva/Weidman spolier gif might be the highest ranked r/mma post of all time. #2 on r/all last night!
"2 is something I still screw up a lot 1. Big is heavy. 2. You don't fly straight to an orbital body. 3. Asparagus. 4. You can almost completely ignore the camera, use the navball. 5. The symbols on the navball. All fairly noob-ish stuff but it seemed to take me hours to figure out."
I got stick legs so I'm good i got that elwood ones and they are way too tight
"Did mine online, took a couple of minutes. How many Canadians have filled out their 2016 census? I keep hearing radio ads from Stats Canada to fill out their census. It's May 24th! And the deadline was May 10th."
Added. added
"A mop with neon lights, and tons of deep bass music coming from somewhere in the middle of it. Strange-ass ass-cleaning device. Because double ass best ass. Although I like the funky mop, it can have neon lights. More *funk*."
I hope you're not in Britain because that fetish is probably on the banned list I'd subscribe to some justice porn of this.
Wicked is good God is great God is good
"This game is balanced around fucking with the top .01% of players and a big ""fuck you"" to everyone else. Multiple 100s within 2 weeks of Leagues beginning; what did the map changes do other than screw over the average player? Seriously, between the map changes, the higher gates on 'fun' uniques and the new wonderful shit tier rolls on rares, where is the reward for the average player grinding now? etup has spent literally 1000s of chaos/chisels/etc... to sustain his map pool... where is the carrot for the 'normal' player GGG? *please note I'm not whining about the difficulty changes as I like them and I've pushed 140%+ 75+ maps (80 highest ran/dropped atm)."
dat resolution Now if only parents would listen
"Okay. The Kings record in 3v3 OT when Kessel breaks his stick is 1-0. Also checked some math, yeah long story short this appears to be significant even given the fact there were 30 teams doing this."
That's sexy. My completely restored (post fire) 1994 Mazda RX7. Now with a hood!
"But none of them can be called physical objects like a relic is supposed to be. except frenzy, wrath, sprint are all nouns."
His ego is so huge and his head is so high in the clouds he doesn't even need legalized weed. Nate obviously knows this too. Not sure what's with his attitude lately on Twitter.
"Hopefully, I wouldn't consider it dlc really though, it's more like Minecrafts ""updates"". Land based vehicles? Well, since I need to collect my resources, I was hoping that there were land vehicles that can hold gear and travel quickly across land. Any info on this? Still a good game without this. No DLC right?"
GOD VS MAN. To ever doubt Synder's action is blasphemy.
I was making a joke about how we don't need to enter Syria to change their name to something crappier That's the problem thought (I pretend to have no answers). When you fight something that doesn't observe these borders that everyone is frothing over how do you combat it? The way outlined by Obama is not perfect but it at least is pretty clear in it's objectives. We can speculate about what happens after those objectives and Reddit is really damn good at speculating but truth is we have no idea.
"Vortex viper pst, and I'm probably doing something wrong lol... What kind of optic? Are you sure you aren't getting parallax errors from bad cheek weld/eye alignment? Could it just be that the optic isn't tracking when you try and make adjustments?"
"And this is why we need this to be experimented on smaller scale so that we could identify main parameters which affect the thrust. When people ask this I think bigger in this sense is: more RF power, superconducting cavity (higher q), and in some cases others suggest putting 10 of them together for more thrust."
"well now i know you're not british all ive got there is my locker full of boxes of tea, which isnt that bad of a loss."
do you mean m16a4? M1864 that is crap.
You know to flush again without having to lift the seat up? i have but one simple question.
"""All permanents target player controls become tapped"" would be in flavour for Black, and appropriately costed, and achieve the effect that RoboRosewater seems to ""want"". What if tapping a player meant that the tapped player cannot block with any creatures or cast any spells?"
"Only in Wild. Instead of having 2 Minibots you can have 4, sounds good to me."
"Dimwit Mitt, the trolling shit. Does Mitt Romney have a nickname?? I'm thinking STINKY MITT"
We'll keep him here in America- but only on the condition that you take back Piers Morgan indefinitely. Good Work Gentlemen
Cool blog post. You MGTOW people make me absolutely sick to my stomach.
"Yes and it's often not in their interests to start competing with each other on price. My appt complex says they're ""competitively priced"", but they're ridiculously over-priced. It makes me think: If 2 people overcharge for a service/product/place to live, then they can both say that they're ""competitively priced"", because they're technically in competition with each other."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHANo WWE should let them run their company as they wish and air shows on the WWE Network.
"For some reason the topic of this article is so stupid my mind translated it to ""I knew the debate was over when Donald Trump was up"" ... Then I read the first few lines and realized I trolled myself. I knew this first date was over when Donald Trump came up"
"shhh, no tears scream and ex6tenz are belgium"
"You have to prove that a god exists before you can start discussing who's right and who's wrong. exactly, that is why you need to think for yourself: Is God (or a god) right or am I right? who am I to declare so and so claims to be right? who is God to make so and so claims to be the right?"
"Its a fucking movie, who cares PSA: Turn off all-chat. People are spoiling Star Wars in it."
where do i buy ! That was Kirito's sword from SAO.
I think pool party is better than Laine I can't help but get excited about McDavid and Pool Party playing together. The quick scene talking about Gretzky and Kurri hardly being able to understand each other except for when it came to offence is gonna be oddly familiar next year.
"So, let's hear about those shoes too... Got my first mechanical keyboard. It might not be the greatest on the market, but it certainly puts my old HP OEM keyboard to shame."
"Just an FYI, it's hanging in the rafters but Marino's number isn't retired Heat have retired Michael Jordan and Dan Marino's jerseys. They'll retire Ray's."
God keep our laaaannnndd We stand on guard for **THEEEEEE**!
"Whoa I didn't know that gave extra rolls as well, neat. You don't need mist essence to attune rings"
"Probably one of the best lines of 2016 IMO. ""We don't fight until Saturday"" *staring intensifies*"
"No, but neurology and psychiatry prove it isn't. That totally proves that being transgender isn't the symptoms of an underlying mental illness"
"Honestly don't know, I guess we were just compatible. Redditors that met their S/O in their teenage years, how has it lasted so long? What is your secret?"
I argued with a troll. What's the dumbest thing you've ever done on the internet? It can anything.
"Reinforcements won't give experience, so try to kill some of the ones that are already on the map for exp. (#s ""Question about Chapter 21"")"
Intel Celron 733? 733
I have a set of George III Pennies and half Pennies I'm collecting and this one happens to be like THE penultimate example. Nice coin. Why is this one your dreamer?
"So if you buy this camera, does the company own the content or something? Town car doesn't signal on lane switch at Newark Airport"
insturctions unclear players in my game are already disabled Why stop there? Why not disable a player? No one wants to face Faker playing mid.
"The responses here make me feel sick to my stomach... Makes me want to shoot myself in the face just for sharing a gender with these creepy motherfuckers. Women of Reddit, when did you first notice that men were looking at you in a sexual way? How old were you and how did it make you feel?"
"*gloopy* is the perfect adjective to describe mayonnaise Mayonnaise, it's all gloopy and sticks to stuff and is just creepy"
Glued it to a piece of aluminum and shaped it properly. Are you not worried about the badge bending in your pocket?
"*rubs stylus over flair ""Arf arf"""
Can you imagine driving by there and suddenly there's 7 pay phones? Best Buy should have installed a pay phone just to troll us.
"I see someone has been playing The Binding of Isaac recently.. I think you're pretty close. I don't know if it's true or not or if it's an idea the creators had, but spongebob characters are the seven deadly sins. Patrick-Sloth Squidward-Wrath Mr.Crabs-greed Plankton-Envy Gary-Gluttony Sandy-Pride Spongebob-Lust"
"No it doesnt Nah, amount of water in coffee offsets the loss of water from the content of caffeine in an avg cup anyway"
Same here Do you have the original? I'd love to print this for my wife
John is a MESS! This cuck just had his entire political career ended tonight by Donald J. Trump. Press F to pay respects
"The Rayo Vallecano of England? Guardiola: Bournemouth the best attacking team we've played. Manchester City's other opponents ""just used the long ball"""
Pretty sure they can't claim ignorance if they've been told it's happening though. It's there for liability
What is with the E-25 drivers ramming everything? I wonder why that didn't work
Or they all have intimidate Or sand attack
"Go read the manga I have questions, questions that need answering! Where is Miyu? Why are they in some ruined town? Are the other girls all former magical girls? WHERE'S MIYU?"
Duck call. What is the most obnoxious\funny noise maker you've heard at award ceremonies?
"Cooper is not mediocre and was not brought in to be depth Hopefully it's just depth, because if Jay Chapman loses his job to some mediocre guy from Panama...."
that's just the acid Is Jonah Hill's face like glowing and swirling sorta when he moves?
"Jesus Christ, man. When I was 19, I spent a lot of time wandering the west coast. I was a pretty naive girl. I decided to backpack the Lost Coast (close to Eureka, CA) and as I was driving the long single lane dirt road to get to the starting point, I noticed a completely out of place Escalade tailgating me hard. I finally pulled over and let them pass. Not long after, I get to what looks like a tiny little grocery store. The only other car is the Escalade. I head inside and see four huge guys talking to the shop owner behind the counter. These guys were enormous, all four were easily around 6'4-6'6 and three of them looked like pure iron. The leader had the longest dreads I had ever seen. These guys were tough and their persona resonated all the way to the door where I was standing. They immediately stopped talking and looked at me. They were not smiling, and the dreadlock fellow had scars all over his face. I turned around and walked out, headed down to the coast and did my backpacking thing. When I finished, I hitched a few rides back to my car. The different locals who picked me told me stories about the massive amounts of marijuana being grown in the area and the patrols used to secure the crops. They thoroughly warned me not to camp in the area and to NEVER leave the road. ""People die out here"" they said. So, yeah. California pot mafia."
Until Dog
"Oh shit, just got dusty up in here. Mayo opens up about the Pats withholding #51 in 2016."
You're weird dude. I would love to do a dual fuel mod so I can run propane as well. That might be my favorite apocalypse /prepper mod.
"Nah mate, they are only left-wing if he likes what they publish. Most of CH content was editorial. It's old-fashioned left-wing magazine. Caracture is only a small part of their content. OP doesn't know shit about CH."
And then they made ToL a limited time effect. Tree tree? Tree. Tree-tree tree? Tree. The story of how I became a resto Druid.
Well I don't think that's the same since a condom *is* being insisted on and you are talking about a person with an active disease vs the small chance of impregnating a girl. Like would your friends not want to be told their partner has gonorrhea since he's insisting on a condom? Does that make it okay to omit something like that?
"He fixed it after I told him that my family were all WASPs. ""Accidentally"""
"If you're under 30, and still against gay marriage in Canada, you're ... special. I think you'll find the two groups don't overlap as strongly as you think they do. I'm for gay marriage, every friend I have is for gay marriage. Granted that's merely anecdotal."
310 0030 310 0023
This is pretty fake seeing as it completely disregards their middle evos. I'm pretty sure this is fake but it's an interesting concept.
"There problem is that Raybans used to be A LOT cheaper. RayBan sunglasses. I always thought it was just a style thing to own them (like Beats, when in reality, Beats are like $40 headphones). But my gosh. I bought a pair on sale for $50 (down from $150), and I will never go back to normal sunglasses. It doesn't even feel like I'm looking through anything. They're unreal."
"Same here, but there also hasn't been ANY merchandise of Wario in this outfit. Oh, sure, the games, but his look in them? I dunno. I kinda prefer the classic overalls look. And from what I've noticed here, so do most people."
"He's coming man.. We are in the position Miami was in 2010. I'm not that bothered by these posts. I'm not from Cleveland, I just have come to really like the Cavs over the past years, but I also like LeBron, and I would not want people to overreact to his decision, if he does not come to the Cavs, only because of all this build-up."
You said that already. You must be of the age of 10-14 years old
"I always wind up worrying about whether I will have enough battery life left I usually know what I'm going to finish too, but always end up spending a worrying amount of time trying to find something to better it."
"I knew they won two cups, just wasn't sure which year, so that makes 90 the oilers I'm pretty sure. 91 Penguins"
"I'd like a weekly hr zone goal. One feature I would like Fitbit to copy from the Apple Watch (besides Healthkit) is to vibrate and remind me to stand up and move around after I have been sitting around for a long period of time. It seems like this would be an easy feature to implement. Until then, I think I will set a few fitbit alarms to go off during my workday to do the same thing. By the way, I'm loving my Fitbit Charge HR."
"Well it's not like administering the current complex welfare system doesn't cost anything, so that's a start. I'm excited to see how anyone expects Canada could pay for such a program."
"Invading a sovereign country is not against the Geneva convention lol Is that a serious question? Invading sovereign countries, torture, guantanamo, etc."
This post was AzmoDrunk... Close. Not before we get AzmoDunk
"100 ping isn't bad at all, lol if you die with that ping all the time it's not the game punishing you for ""high"" ping but for being bad Have you ever tried engaging Rhoas or leapers or shield chargers with a 100 ping internet connection? I guess not. Because for these people (me included) the Cwdt, EC, IC, combination made this great game playable. Because I usually die to these mobs without ever seeing them on screen UNTIL I equip the combo, then I have a chance to resync on stun and survive the first five or so hits. Until Cwdt was introduced, none of my friends on poor commections (or casuals with low playskill) where ever thinking of having a lvl 90+ char one day. Now we have them. And please don't tell me to play another game because scrub. That's not the question here. We all enjoy the game and part of that is the progress in our characters. If I cannot overcome the XP-loss from random deaths anymore at a lvl x (I can't give the exact threshold here), because they happen to frequently and I don't have that much time to play on any given day, the game will be a lot less fun."
"...... Terrence Ross gives me nightmares as a clipper fan. Which average NBA player always seems to kill your team when he plays them? looking for non-allstars, for the bucks it seems like Tobias Harris always has an amazing game against us."
How do you think Barney and Betty feel? Rubles sounds so ridiculous to me.
Y... you're a honey nut scooter. Then do it.
Doesn't he say this every year? Gerald Celente: Get Prepped For Global Systemic Collapse
I mean it's a deck Is 99 land viable for Karn?
And his brother P.O.O. If you find him you'll probably find his cousin F.U.K. too.
Shitty cropping with annoying text ruins it for me. Yeah this is Reddit and were a bunch of special snowflakes with elevated senses of humor. We cannot share humor with the likes of *facebookers*.
"There is more Than that in milk If you are wise, it would be 1 teaspoon per day"
"I do believe the garlic bread is done honey, go fetch me some refrigerator pillows! Yes, purple."
That kid in the background has the face of someone who lives this insanity every day and prays for the mercy of death. Crazy lady makes fish tacos with an iron
"Yes, but this scenario can be relevant if you conquer decadent pops or if they migrate to your empire. I've been unable to create species with decadent trait without also selecting collectivist or xenophobe. Game didn't let me"
QFX5100-48T (Poll) What's your favorite switch type?
Are you Turkish mate? source what? if youre asking about the recording feel free to go to youtube and look for haramzadeler and listen to the dozens upon dozens of illegal but worst of all downright fucked up shit that goes on behind the scenes in this country.
"Dude I love beta testing! I really would like to make the app better ... but I'm limited by the SDK at the moment. I've reached out to Microsoft for updates to the SDK and I've also got another one that I'm working on as well. If you're interested in being a test monkey, let me know."
"*Mushrooms*, by the sound of it. You guys have....plants and animals around your b holes?"
"The non-fatlogic version would be ""PCOS turns salad into fat... when that salad has been drowned in 600 calories of ranch dressing, cheese, bacon bits, croutons and chicken."" PCOS turns salad into fat"
There was a complete line but a few jumped away. I stumbled upon a turtle conga line
^([citation needed]) Jesus is a real historical figure.
"You'll get nothing and thank me for the opportunity. I want a hamburger, no I want a cheeseburger, I want a hot dog, I want a milkshake, I want potato chips..."
Oh... Now I get it yea. they're bee keepers.
Pulling out is a concept that could only work in combat. MRW my friend says he doesn't need to worry about a STD since he pulled out
Mmm happiness Diet Cig have started recording their first LP
"No prob :P Oh thank you so much, thanks to you I finally noticed my cakeday for the first time in five years!! :D"
"Most of them were deists, but I know that many of them hated christians. Not really, since it's not true :) They're nearly all still atheists or atheist worm food depending on your beliefs."
"For those who are wondering, it is in an apartment that got repainted, the painter didn't mask any outlets when he removed the covers. Painter had fun..."
"Yeah, but he also gets stabbed in bar fights and doesn't give a fuck. It's adorable how Sean Bean usually plays such badasses when in reality he's both quiet to the point of being shy and terribly afraid of flying."
No? RIP Headphones
"Everyone says they used boxes to knock her out but for me she dodged every attempt after the first drop I actually thought the Quiet fight was one of the best Bosses I've ever fought. It was tense. This creature could take you down in two impossibly accurate sniper hits. There was no music, just the sound of the bullets. You had to constantly duck down into the smallest foothills of terrain for just the right amount of cover. It was a game of cat and mouse, trying to find her. It took forever but it felt like such an exhilarating tense rush. That was until you figured out you could drop a big dumb box on her head"
Some have dogs rather than cats. Yet also hauntingly generic. He described every Indy bookstore I've ever been too.
"No, I meant to get your blood checked for the drugs. It didn't really occur to me to go to the police. I wasn't really even too bothered about it in an *""Oh my God, I was raped""* kind of way. I was more baffled and hungover than anything. As for the blood test, and assuming you mean in terms of STDs, she was a nurse who worked in an STD clinic. There was a used condom by the bed too so I wasn't too worried about that. Pregnancy would have been more of a worry to me than STDs with her."
"Gangplank, Anivia, Nidalee Post your 3 most mastered champions and let others describe you. #2"
"It's 207,106; where is your God now? Created an account to make a petition to ask all 207.104 circlejerks to stop circlejerking"
"This is my favorite type of Halloween costume, the skin colored Latex/tissue paper always is the most realistic to me. I'm so hooked for this Halloween!"
Or when the person on the other end hangs up and it goes immediately to a dial tone. No one says good bye before they hang up. How many times do you say good bye and the other person still has more to say? How do movie characters always know the conversation is over??
Where is this please? For my money this is the coolest Word Wall in all of Skyrim.
"Kane: The girl named Candy from last nights party NHL Players favorite candy, and why."
"That's amazing, how did their IVs turn out? Found a beehive last night"
BARRY! BARRY
Green looks awfully white on their picture.... Certain hair styles are racist!!!
It's back right away. 1st one just got closed :|
"Never before have I wanted two movies to be made so badly. 2.5 stars? Hardly matters. I'd watch Tom Hardy's remakes of Leprechaun 2 and The Room. Just lemme feast my eyes, you beautiful man..."
:'( I just watched a documentary on the A&amp;M bonfire tragedy. It's horribly sad. Though I have to say the Roll Call tradition is pretty beautiful.
Umm did we just watch the same game? Not on Crumbz though
8-7! This is what the AL East is all about
"""The bomb has been planted."" Major Growth"
So what was it? It wasn't rape or sexual assault.
"Sorry, don't accept shipping offers. All of my Amiibos for trade are NA NIB and in PRISTINE condition. If a trade is agreed upon I will ship using 2-DAY Priority Shipping. Would you be interested in any of the following? PICK ANY 2... SSB Yoshi Kirby Mega Man Toon Link Link (Regular/Adult) Donkey Kong Diddy Kong SSB Mario SSB Luigi SSB Peach Zelda Pikachu SSB Bowser SMB Mario SMB Luigi SMB Peach SMB Yoshi SMB Toad"
NANA is a cheating WHOOORE! She was a cheating whore.
"Those are beautiful, and look really well made. Incredible! Portable Altars"
"""I DID NOT STEAL, I DID NOT"" I once heard a theory that ""DB Cooper"" is actually Tommy Wiseau. It went along the lines of, ""Cooper took a bunch of money one day and disappeared into parts unknown; Wiseau appeared one day from parts unknown with a bunch of money."" Any time in between was just him working on the culturally-dubious character he took on as the one and only Tommy Wiseau."
Talk to the mods. SupTalk
same Mixpad
NOT Was he always that skinny? He seemed more buff last season?
OP delivered. Literally birdshit?
Haha the 'sick references' is hilarious We're leaking onto r/Writingprompts
"I am sure someone will provide an answer soon but, if not, I get mine tomorrow and will follow up to let you know if I have luck with that mode. Did DJI take away tripod mode?"
"Well at least I can adblock any relevant ad that might generate them revenue.. these dudes are a fucking sham.... they raise a meager amount of money, and then make it back 10 times over through flooding their video on social media sites."
"Creo que si. Sooo, 50 monedas?"
"Actually in the end you should see if you can get yourself intubated as an experiment to see what level of distraction it would take to get you not to want to pull that tube out. Using Restraints... I am the leader of the Restraint PIT team at work, and we are trying to implement a restraint-free environment. Most of the nurses I ask at work seem pretty resistant to the idea of reducing our use of restraints and haven't given me much input when I ask, ""what are some things you assess about your patient/implement for your patient before you get an order for restraints?"" Our floor is mainly ventilator-dependent patients with a lot of lines/tubes/drains and the culture at our facility when they attempt to pull at these or it appears they will self-decannulate, is to put them in restraints immediately. I understand that urge to immediately use them, but I wanna know from some of you guys-what do you guys do to reduce restraints? What are your facilities policies? We have a few ideas already, such as a diversionary tool box we will begin to implement, but I thought it would be great to hear from other nurses. Thanks for any input :)"
"Just think of the economic costs, building up everything in the north... Thw differences are SO much greater than West and East Germany was. Re-unification isn't that popular in SK, or rather long term: yes, short term: hell no - who the hell wants a shit ton of brainwashed economic migrants swamping your country?"
Winner winner here. #This is why they were complaining that CSPAN was giving uninterrupted streams of both candidates
"Wait, rice is a carb? If I eat a grape will I be kicked out of ketosis?"
"She tries so hard So Yolo is #proudmommy, Kris Jenner is #proudmama and Rinna is #proudmomma"
"I'm partial to ""Guys Who Play Pretty Well"" Looks like the Broncos Defense's nickname is ""Mile high No Fly"" according to Roby"
"If I had that word played against me, I'd just pack it in and never play again. Words with Friends world record"
"OK.. But that doesn't negate the fact that target shooting is a use for gunpowder guns. You can do target shooting and sports with co2 rifles, I did that when I was younger, and there was no problem, unless you want to do Olympic target shooting, I guess"
Damn I can't believe I've never hear did this before ArsenalFanTV: Claude and Ty engage in heated shouting argument following defeat to Manchester City.
"ok well maybe if he actually played civcraft but he doesn't so why would he care? We'll just have to wait and see what Cali_Alec thinks of you selling his mod, then."
"Have lots of kids, be a good father/mother, patriot, gun owner and stay in good shape. Shit like this makes me so furious. Like, what the fuck can I even do to stop this shit? You guys have Donald, we in europe are totally fucked by the leftists"
Cornell within single digits down 58-50 with 9:57 to go Loyola University Maryland vs. Cornell Big Red
"Konami doesn't even do FIFA... Please no,fifa would be ruined"
"Come back and let us know how you do, I'll be praying for ya. I have a friend who's studying to be a preacher. Nice kid, sound mind and faith. I'm going to have lunch with him this week to talk things out. Maybe he can help in more personal ways as far as faith and problem solving go. I really appreciate all the help here. It makes me feel like I'm more than a coward running for help from the only thing that can give it. Thanks, everyone."
La tentazione sarebbe forte... Senza scafandro e con un po' di zavorra.
Instant buy Imagine if they did this with the Summoning Key
Don't forget the eye bleach. Checklist before reading an u/iia story: * Barf Bag * Tissues * Someone To Hold Me * 2nd Barf Bag
ohhh they hope so Cal fans: Aren't there rumors that Dykes won't be back for 2016?
"Start all the businesses I've got on my list, build myself a massive art deco skyscraper for the HQ of my empire(with a secret club in the basement), buy every single piece of real estate that was for sale, destroy the stock market... All that fun stuff ya know. if money was no concern what would you do with your life?"
Name those countries that house US military bases and have a border with Russia. dont know but your military bases are all around russia.
"fgas, careful Monday morning you sure look fine"
Wait 20 years Monacold
"*99% percentile FTFY I must be the 1% then, because I get the joke."
The Islanders approve as well :) Post Game Thread: Bruins @ Panthers 04/09/15 - Revenge is a dish yada yada WE WON BITCHES!
"Yeah, I mean I wouldn't mind getting Lady Loki last minute, the problem is just that until then I'm stuck with Garbage Man and Wasp as my only fighters which if I understand other threads right makes getting Angela pretty difficult. Even worse than you, I'm at 13. I've had 10 single drops, and one three-stone drop. I have enough iron boulders saved to run nine more missions, but at the rate I'm going, I'd be surprised to have more than 25. I'm a bit concerned that I'll be frantically running sleigh rides up to the deadline. It's beginning to remind me of the grind for Venom's rank-ups, and I was never able to get to rank 5."
"Harley is actually one that is enjoyable in the New 52, as for earlier I can't really tell you, my expertise isn't up to par here. This is pretty cool, is it official? By the way, movie has a friend of mine looking into Harley, anyone have any suggestions for her (Pre-52 Flanderization if possible)"
Wow My first gilded post is about someone on a gold rampage Glorious Drunk.. with GOLD
Or eyelashes You'll also have no eyebrows
Quickly. it's an 18 part series. how'd you do that in an hour?
"Easy, just train the island monkeys to harvest fruit for you! The age old problem"
"The Alt-Left: no such thing exists. Rise of the Alt-Left: After This, the Deluge"
Don't correct someone if you don't know how to spell it either. Wortortle*
Donaldson to the Jays convinced me to go ahead and invest in a PTBNL jersey in that gold jersey What is the most blockbuster signing/trade in your team's history that made you freak out when you saw the headline?
"Healed my first mythic at 815, many wipes but we got them all down after that. Mythic what's the best ilvl for it"
JEFF JESUS Goeff
"I just can't believe the Islanders did this... oh wait that's right, it's Garth Snow Looks like we get a 5th for Boyle"
My new favorite is Randolph the deaf reindeer. What's your favorite inside joke on Reddit?
Really only 2.7%? It makes me feel special to be part of the 2.7% who beat the final level.
Ain't photoshop bwoi! I hope this is not Photoshop. But CONGRATS MONSTERCAT!
A hot emotionless robot. Chase is an emotionless robot
"but.. but... ambiguous sources don't lie! Hahahha, no. We'll keep Tavares, but we have a shiny Eric Boulton for free!"
"""I will kill this animal... unless you buy it."" What is your profitable, yet wildly unethical business idea?"
"It's also garage space, I have got the funds to expand it larger, I might if I could connect it to a PC account so I could potentially play it on another format other than my PS4 Fair enough. I dont play any of mine unless a platoon requires me to and even then I'm not happy! But at least I own them and the silver wasnt too much of an issue. Ive worked hard to grind all the way up to them might as well buy them!"
Colin Powell because he's smart and bipartisan. Who would make a good presidential candidate and why?
"Does Jason always talk about Kmart? Late Night Live Feed Viewing Party - July 28, 2015 Welcome to the Late Night! Discuss tonight's live feeds below. Try to include #time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
I think that Scripture specifically says that women shouldn't be ordained. 10 reasons why men should not be ordained for ministry
The single class taunts are in the 1 key range already. My predictions are the taunts being in the 1-2 key range after three months.
blueshellmasterrace Red shells will always be superior to those nasty greens
"I meant more the 25% in one year vs 43% in a decade but yes, thats a good comparison A 30% increase would follow inflation over the next decade (2.7pc YOY), 43% in the next decade isn't that unbelievable. 20 years would follow a 70% increase on current inflation rate alone. Would be only 20% increase if inflation fell to 1% tomorrow."
"How did u fix it if I may ask I absolutely love the colour. It reminds me of sea ice. Out of the box the nib had some baby's bottom, but it's been a joy to use since fixing that."
Or personal experience of millions and millions of people. Sounds like those are your personal issues...
"still trying to figure out what ""NP"" means? Sorry about the low effort post. Here are some details: This was our first night of a 4 day, 3 night lollipop loop consisting of portions of the Wonderland and Northern Loop Trails. We started from Mowich Lake and stayed at Ipsut Creek, Yellowstone Cliffs, and Cataract Valley. Total trip length was around 25 miles when you factor in side trips. Not the most lengthy trip, but the elevation changes at Mt Rainier can kick your butt (especially if you're a flatlander like me). Ipsut Creek is a great place to camp, because although its technically a back country camp, it used to be a car camp. As such, it has bear bins instead of of poles, and large sites with picnic tables. You can access the camp ground via the Wonderland Trail or from the Carbon River entrance to the park via a road that is now open only to foot and bicycle traffic."
some magazine stores will carry the ProCycling and Velo News tour guides. How can I get a 2015 Tour de France program in the US? The links I've found only make it available in the UK.
It's an option I use SwiftKey and it doesn't suggest emojis.
The Hail Mary Miracle? There's really only one right answer here for an Auburn fan.
The tackle wasn't illegal. Ryan James *is* a grub! Throw the book at him NRL!
Did both of these happen at the same time? I lost my virginity to that thing. And that's where my sister had her first period.
Gtx680 What kind of GPU were you running?
His impression is spot on. How Australia views Trump and his wall (commerical for a phone or something--it's hilarious)
Was it? It was always the bite of 87!
Are there any Beatles left? Ricky Gervais
"This works for me, and it saves you having to exit the game. If you change your resolution and then change it back to your original resolution it should fix the problem or like Kanonenvogel said reset the client."
"Ivan is awesome, you don't have to worry about Ivan. Geekhack is the biggest circly jerky circlejerk on the fucking internet. I entered ivan's pbt dark 2 GB 6 months ago. From september until yesterday the guy goes dark, the guys on geekhack go on for 3 months defending him and saying people should just trust him because he is IVAN the geekhack group buy god. This guys has like 5 buys going on at the same time, thousands of people's dollars on the line and fucking goes offline without any communication for 3 months"
"""Very few men in my life have resisted the temptation to have sex with me"" A lot can be said by the quality of people you keep. 30 Detroit - Looking to have fun with a married man. Sorry in advance for the lengthy ad... But I need to be specific, so here goes! Many wives hate women like me because they know that their husbands are not safe around me. Very few men in my life have resisted the temptation to have sex with me, knowing what a helpless nympho slut I am and that they can have me if they want me. In my experience, most married men have sex with other women when they have the opportunity but it does not mean that they do not love their wives. In fact, I believe that most of them do love their wives, but they cannot resist the opportunity to have sex with women like me. We are so utterly available and so deliciously tempting. I love how most married men come to me with such pent up sexual desire and all these unfulfilled sexual fantasies. To be honest, they cannot think clearly about their marriages because they are crazy with sexual hunger and on fire with need. I let them spend all that pleasurable energy on me and I send them home to their wives with a much clearer head, now able to focus on their marriages. I always encourage men to be open and honest with their wives. I think that it is only fair for a man to tell his wife what he wants and needs, otherwise how can the wife be held accountable and responsible for meeting those needs? I think is utterly unfair to complain about how your wife never meets your needs sexually, but you haven't had a straightforward conversation with her about it. Women should want to please their husband, and will do their best to cater to their husbands, but they don't intuitively know what that means without their husbands telling them. A man has to teach a wife how to please him. Bad wives could care less about pleasing their husbands and those wives will not respond no matter how much a man tries to teach them, but a wife deserves the benefit of the doubt. I always tell men that their wife may surprise them if they only tell her what they want. So with all of this being said, ONLY message me if you are the following: -30 to 45 years old -Married -Frustrated and in need of release -Sexy, tall (over 5'9""), and handsome -Fit -Clean -Intelligent -Can type without abbreviating words About me: -29 -5'5"", with long blonde hair, blue eyes, and huge breasts -Single -Successful professional -Sexy and voluptuous -Clean I have rules when it comes to married men. They are as follows: -I make it clear that I am initially interested in them because they are married. -I usually am not interested in discussing their wives or their marriages, and I am not interested in discussing divorce. -It is usually only about sex, and almost never about romance. Romance is for their wife, not me. I only allow romance if that is a huge turn on for the man. -I never call them, email them, text them. or attempt to contact them in any way UNLESS they say to do so. They come to me when they want to and I am here for them if I have time, but it is entirely up to them to be the initiators. I will never, ever take the lead in communicating with them (unless it is specified)."
dem some prettylittlebraids Braiding skills over 9000
"History So Jacksonvilles EverBank Field has a swimming pool and a golf range built into the stands, any other stadiums have cool shit built in?"
"Heh, no wonder people quote the Bible so much in fiction; its full of awesome pieces like this! The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon thee."
"How'd he end up encased? Wolverine-616 died a while back encased in adamantium. Old-Man-Logan is from an alternate world, but ended up in 616 after Battleworld. The female Hawkeye is from what used to be Young Avengers."
It's not good. Devin Gardner plays QB like you'd expect a number 98 to. I'm giddy to see spence and Washington introduce themselves to my boy Devin
"A good actor. What isn't Shia Lebouf, that's the question."
"Game would of died long ago. i think the game needed bossing though, without gwd we'd be left with KBD and a mole"
"Almost everyone would lose a lot of money. That was my question, what if we couldn't get stuff like that."
"She's too hot for him, she's cheating on him right now! My friend is having a rough Valentine's Day with his girl away. So he updated his fb stuatus. . ."
"""ho, ho, ho this is restricted airspace go away or you will be put on the naughty/lockon list"" Maybe the AI jets at the military base will be replaced by santa clause."
"Tate will be the champ at 125 if she loses to Rousey. Miesha will surely go down, but who else? Might be a hard cut for Cat... Schevchenko?"
"Nobody doesn't agree he didn't deserve to go to jail, people are defending his sentence because it's sexual assault not rape, and that's not semantics it's a massive difference. same thing, don't play semantics, if you agree he deserved to go to jail there's no need for the semantics."
Keep BCA Berry ;) Sell BCA Berry or make Sherm?
"I get it, I dont watch a few anime based on my preconceived notions of their content, and to spite some toxic fans. It's sad how some people will not give this show a chance because of the Fanbase."
The next thing on your todo list. What looks harder than it actually is?
If you don't need to help more then 70mph it will work fine Well... Everyone else dissuading me has sorta got me bummed. Why do you think I should go for it taking everyone else's arguments to mind
"Did you know about the electroshock/aversion therapy that used to be used there when you were a part of it? Yes, I was a part of Evergreen. I presented for Evergreen on more than one occasion. I was also initially on the North Star board for a short time."
"It's said that the people of the outside world do. Wait wait wait, people bathe multiple times a week?"
"Not from a movie, but that Face-Stealer thing from Avatar: The Last Airbender, that freaked my shit out. Who is the scariest horror movie villain?"
"Between this and MoS, I really want to take a fine tooth comb through Snyder's entire filmography. So this is real but the parallel of Bruce holding the flower/Batman holding the spear, that's bs? K. Don't tell me this stuff ain't on purpose"
The text under Admiral Ackbar memes. What is a trap 99% of the time?
"But neither is acceptable. I think people care about the medium. People dgaf about torrenting 400 bucks of rosetta stone but you are a bad person if you torrent a smaller thing with a particular non-corporate creator, such as an app or a song by a local artist. It is like how people take 400 ketchup packets from mcdonalds and that would not be acceptable at a mom and pop restaurant."
What's your favorite genre of music? Submit your questions here for our next video AMA with Adriana Chechik!
They are all post dark ages? What the hell do these have in common?
I'm so sorry for your loss :( minnie was the name of her aunt that died Sunday :(
"Heart attack after a supermodel orgy. If you could choose how you would die, what way would you choose?? Everyone has to die at some point, so what would be the way (epic or not) you would want to go out?"
"*innit That's in London ain't it? And ouch, looks kinda painful but I was waiting for that"
"If you enjoy the game now, just wait until you upgrade your PC lol. Ofc, my oldest char is 1071 days old and I never had over 30 fps in town. I still enjoy the game, even if I have constantly 3 fps (no joke) during the malachai fight."
"In the early morning hours, the kittens rise to the surface to feed. Fishermen rescue kittens from river"
"Brazil won the bid for the Olympics before the World Cup was held. I'm still baffled that they chose Brazil after all the problems with the World Cup. Of all the countries that were biding for it, why Brazil?!? Corruption is everywhere."
It's nobody's job to protect you from being a dumbass but your own. I feel bad for the roomful of young adults who probably paid over $1k for the honor of attending this class.
"Truth, this seems like a good way to put a wrench in it from outside the area. I was able to register. They ask for your(any) name and email address. It's super easy to do."
Freevee Oh dear...
"Remender? No, but it does fit"
Instances... like everyother game ever. But how do you make it not a zergfest? They can't be too complex because then it turns into a wipefest.
"Add in $120 a month for broadband and cable or streaming services. Yup, they can't buy a house because they buy a $500 phone every 2-3 years. Because if they had that extra $250-$166 more each year they would be able to afford a house. If they just saved that money, in 30 years they would have $7,500 - $4,500 to buy that house in cash."
"If Isles fans cared half as much about their team winning as they do about the Rangers losing, maybe they'd actually fill the arena They care more about hating us than they do liking their own team"
AND IT IS ALL OVER! Official Game Thread: Cincinnati Bengals (3-6-1) at Baltimore Ravens (5-5-0) ...
Stables have amazing ROI if you have 4+ pasture resources. I hate the Stables and Forge. I almost never build them.
"I thought those were Cecily and Kyle on the PSA... Live Discussion (March 5, 2016) (Jonah Hill / Future) Welcome to our SNL live discussion thread! This week's host is Jonah Hill with musical guest Future. A quick recommendation to mention the sketch you're referring to in your comment. It's not a hard and fast rule, but it does make the thread more readable after the show finishes. Since this thread is likely to fill up quickly, consider sorting the comments by ""new"" (instead of ""best"" or ""top"") to see the newest posts. Enjoy the show!"
He is a Spur white walker who infiltrated our team. Too bad we still got a Mo problem
reports received 700 Techies Arcana So what does my 40 dollar techies arcana now track since suicides are no longer a thing?
How? Corsair Strafe RGB Cherry MX Silent lighting show
"It will be emailed to you after the tournament, as long as you participate. I've registered but how i get my skin?"
"Ahh, ok, thanks! It's more like, if its implemented in a basic manner it barely holds any advantage over OpenGL or D3D, but in a good implementation can provide many benefits."
"Thinking bout that A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ A$$ Sleep tight, think of me right before you touch yourself at night. &lt;3"
Guys that was a: ~~Hit from behind~~ ~~Hit to the head~~ ~~Hit by a borderline player (wtf is this) that the league is trying to remove from the game~~ ~~Hit deserving of suspension~~ Hit deserving of a ridiculous overreaction that causes the clean hitting player to get hurt in a fight. Larsson just got rekt
"Yeah Florida is already number 48 or something out of 50. and considering it's florida, that's saying something."
"XPLJESUS does shitpost a lot, but he has indeed posted a fair amount of legitimate info too. Your content? Didn't know shitposts can be put on YouTube too now"
"Tits or ass? Just went 0-10 in provisionals for season 7, AMA!"
peace Damn daniel! I'm pretty fucking tired now lol. Later fools
"Predator: ""I didn't kill you by luck, but i killed you with skill"" I'm not killed by this Predator, but i was killed by Lag."
"Then that could be creepy. He might be, I'm the Same age as Chloe Mortez and I grew up on the N64."
And yet... individuals and companies are who helped him. Libertarian Redditor gets stuck in DC facing temporary homelessness while protesting big government. Another user points out the irony.
"I honestly wonder, how did you find a 13 hour old post which got almost no attention? What year is it that people still use numbers in words?"
Does she see the irony of being a Democrat protesting the election in front of a statue of Civil War era Republican President Abraham Lincoln... Lonely protestor at Lincoln Memorial right now!
"I saw, ""Here we go"" and ""This is it"". Nothing changed in his breathing method in twenty years."
"Google ""tear sticks* Also, there are conditioning/association techniques. Actors/actresses of AskWomen:How you produce real tears? Particularly if you're someone who has a hard time crying in general?"
burned.cfg rekt.dll
He means EU guys Kappa I just hope the weakest region stops getting the most invites.
And his magnificent buttocks. How could they expect anything remotely the same quality without Alan Tudyk?!
"32, 33 next month Damn. How old are you? Just curious."
"Or has issues with form that she wants to correct on an easy weight. Some people just want to tone up not grow mass. For all you know she might have joint issues at the elbow, wrist or shoulder, or just was just posing for a photo..."
Allegedly. Plus he is the Zodiac killer.
"What they accomplished was truly remarkable #NBAhistory ""Notice how the Warriors needed just 144.5 hours to go from up 3-1 to game 7 losers. That's less than a week!"""
I agree wholeheartedly :) I am not arguing for or against either position. Slavery is obviously unacceptable wherever it occurs.
"Lol at biased title, suck it up or install the mod to show the dialogue options. What was the moment you realized you hated the new dialogue wheel? Random person: ""Hey, do you mind doing this thing for me?"" *I select no. I dont mind doing that thing for you* My character: ""Sorry, cant right now"" Why"
"French Micronesia is there and lots of other small islands, plus during the ice age the sea was WAY, WAY lower than it is no so lots of submerged islands would have been around as well. Yeah... it is about 11000 Kms from Sydney to Santiago, Chile. Not the shortest stretch of sea."
"You should be able to mount .50 cal in front of your shops, in case of smash and grab. more than that: this is why you should be able to own *whichever firearm you deem fit,* with a magazine that holds *as many bullets as you think you might need* to repel attacking home invaders. How dare a politician tell you that ""seven shots will be enough."""
"*exactly* ""up to"" is keyword for BS I have a magic rock that is up to 100% effective."
"Or we could all just start playing Sarcastaball. If the goal is to one day have a safe football game, then getting rid of the defense is one way."
"if there any justice in the world shes gonna end up like the girl that was climbing on a bridge and ended up getting fried on a high voltage wire. This is one of the few times that I've ever rooted for the police in a totalitarian dictatorship. She seems insufferably arrogant, trying to climb up the side of the bridge like they won't even notice. They're not there to hassle her. They're there to keep her safe, and to prevent copycats from doing the same thing. Base jumping is impressive, but it's also *fucking dangerous* and doing it without a permit while mistreating the people literally paid to keep you from doing it just makes you an asshole."
"Anyone with a brain ditched their Xbone after MCC. Why are there so many shitty players on MCC? If you go 2-17 in a game, how do you feel after that? And why are you always on MY team?"
"Agreed, no butt stuff for sure. butt stuff"
"Huh, I thought according to Betteridge's law the answer was ""no."" TLDR: around 5 1/2 million Trump chumps."
"It surely looks that way. Sometimes i think that all the war an chaos we see in the Middle East was all designed with this specific goal in mind, never mind all the Oil and resources. If the Elite and social engineers could force the Arabs to Europe, it would create this culture clash that we see today, which would eventually lead to a divide and conquer scenario."
Such statements by prominent Muslims do more for Hindu-Muslim harmony in India than all the exhortations of the self styled seculars. India must destroy terror infrastructures on Pak soil: Muslim cleric
"Oh Lord, the sledging opportunities this summer .. Bmac recognised for Spirit of Cricket. ALSO ITT BUTT-HURT AUSSIES"
"Yes, dress codes should absolutely take into consideration scientific evidence and medical expertise. Interesting point on the ties. In Phoenix, I was told that it used to be a law that that it was illegal to require men to wear ties due to the extreme heat. Not sure if that changed with Air Conditioning or if it's still on the books, but there's at least one place that recognized men's ties as a health impediment and sided with workers over impractical aesthetics."
"Can you give me a source on that? The French Police has denied that they have raided his house and found neo-nazi t-shirts, and has no evidence he was planning attacks in France. It's pretty crazy that it's relayed everywhere in international media."
FALSE Hbr has more flinch
"Don't be week hands, be a man. It seems like it. I'm scared....If it keeps going down I'm definitely going to buy some more. It's not terrible news really. I plan on keeping my 0.59223858 BTC in for at least a month. Still scared though...someone hold me... Edit to add: My *uneducated* guess is that people in China are waking up and seeing the price and thinking ""sell sell sell!"" Which will only make people say ""$300?? BUY BUY BUY!"""
"Is the 10 gigs for 2 lines also bumped up to 20 to follow suit? It depends on which Data Plan you choice. Below is a summary of the Data Plans: -1GB of LTE then 2g unlimited -3GB of LTE then 2g unlimited -5GB of LTE then 2g unlimited -Unlimited is unlimited LTE on you phone. Upon using 23GB of data you are de-prioritized compared to other customers for that bill cycle at locations and times when competing network demands occur, resulting in relatively slower speeds. Please note that starting this Sunday all those allotments of LTE will be doubled at no additional cost due to their Un-Carrier X announcement. Also remember that almost all music streaming and now video streaming will not count towards your LTE bucket of Data."
Emerald Dream bro. Fuck you. Now I will spend the next 3 hours reading up on lore and trying to figure out what the next expansion will be.
"Could say the same for a lot of religions out there, but spirituality and faith are too complicated and too interwoven into peoples lives to just dismiss as irrelevant, even if you think it's bullshit There's variance as there are muslims who don't really believe, but IF you believe as a muslim than you are a problem."
I couldn't take watching Trumbo's defense in the outfield. Cespedes/Trumbo for outfield Chapman/Melancon/Jansen for a closer
I don't know how many chromosomes are in a cell but at least I know that the mitochondria is the powerhouse of the cell Biology major completely destroys a fake human
"Please don't, I don't want your phone in my way. People going to shows: PLEASE RECORD THE NEW SONGS"
"How about the US put its military on hold for an hour and boom, problem solved. GoFundMe Will Donate Extra $10000 To Largest Fundraiser For Flint"
"However a mercy and widow kill a single winston before he can kill her. The only counters are Tracer and Genji? Mate, do you even Winston?!"
I am pretty sure nothing in the Qualcomm chip world is free. Does CDMA not come for free when you use a Snapdragon 808?
both Asta e prost sau platit?
"Holy shit someone gets my point. I believe the question was ""what makes a decorated train Christian, or exclusive to Christmas?"""
"For being so stupid? If Hillary picked Bernie as her VP, do you think someone would try to assassinate her?"
Yes it was Nah. It wasn't that funny
"Cool, sounds fun! Ya I was going to take the third class of a three part handgun class where you practice a lot of the stuff you mentioned, also loading and shooting with one hand in case of a broken hand or whatever. But you have to be in the 10th percentile in the second course, which I got, but my dad and brother didn't get it and I don't want to go alone."
You are a person of weak constitution if this is your reaction to an election that will likely have zero impact on you. I threw up in my mouth and have literally been sick for two days. I never thought the outcome of an election could affect me like this. I'm sick for the country. I can't even bring myself to watch the news. Is anyone else experiencing this? We need a sub.
definitely achievable natty Rodney from survivor natty?
This post could have been dark... Dazed Suicide
"If you download aid64 it should provide diagnostic info How to tell if an Android phone is 32-bit or 64-bit? I'm trying to figure out if the phone's chip is 32/64-bit and if the Android OS is 32/64-bit. I tried the Intel command ""adb shell getprop ro.product.cpu.abi"" in the Terminal, but it just returned the error ""device not found."" I also checked in Settings, but there was no indication of 32 or 64-bit listed there. Is there any other way to figure this out without having to install an app?"
"Read previous reply This guy is right. Already made profit, why lose some of it? I bought 1 at 148k and sold for 184k If he scores twice and gets and if, cool, could've made more profit but I still did a little. If he doesn't score, his price will go back to 150kish and I won't lose money."
"*""Dammit Frank i told you to take next exit, not this one""* Boyfriend and our copilot floof on a road trip."
"Nicer too imo Missed out on the multicolor racers, thank god for Ross steals"
"I had to remove it from my phone, it was a choice between hearthstone and ZERO other apps, or 15+ apps and no hearthstone. Storage On Mobile is Ridiculous Almost every time Hearthstone updates I'm reminded of the same thing, how much space it takes up on my phone. I don't have THAT many apps, and my phone doesn't have pathetic storage, but I'm always having to delete something because Hearthstone is MASSIVE! Anything the devs could do to cut down on space would be appreciated."
"Same..... I mean, I do keep them all safely separated from one another in said box so they don't touch till I get around to rewrapping them. I've got Ziploc bags full of old cartomizers and protank 2 coils too, I've got a problem with throwing old shit out."
Shut the fuck up or if you had some motivation and discipline to work out regularly and eat better than 'ok'.
It is an event to raise awareness and empower kids to make a change in the world. What is We Day?
"She might be of European descent, but I don't think it's something of great importance Dear r/europe, how do you feel about the next first lady being European?"
"I like the way you think, very high energy, if you ask me. Every state is in play this year :)"
TBH listen to asher hour or maybe it was jeff show with asher on it about that. Can I ask why you feel that way?
"Unless those pins get damaged/bent in an accident. I agree, except for one minor thing. I personally don't think having a removable canopy would have proved fatal in Hinchcliffe's crash. I assume driver extraction will always be a top priority and I just don't see the series implementing a system that would take more than 3-5 seconds to remove (assuming the car is not overturned). If the canopy were to be held in by pull-pins it could be removed pretty quickly."
"I love it when I luck children in the bass What group of words, when put together, can get mistakenly heard as something NSFW? Ie: leafs sticks or black aunt"
Wrote ya Hit me up :)
1 and 5 look the best to my eye Logo variants for a history company - which one works the best?
This post isn't offensive enough OP Petition for mods to ban non-offensive posts
"Hows the community? It's free to play, but it's disgustingly pay to win. 90% of the content is locked behind microtransactions."
"Unless you are going to college as a 30 yr old, yes it is an ideal time to get fit. The social life of a fit person I am surrounded by people who eat the worst foods and drink a lot of beer. I am also in college, so it's not the most ideal time to get fit. How do you do it?"
"South bay area... not even a house here that is that cheap What does a $250,000.00 home look like in your city?"
"That single negative review is retarded in several ways. Talewind, a beautiful hand-drawn 2D platformer is out now!"
i saw it happen! Proof or its fake news The guy works for MSNBC FFS.
"Do you think 0 hackers want these leaks rn or something? If hackers want something, they'll get it."
"So hot, I luv me sum men in diapers...amirite? Sniping filters Anyone have any tips for some good sniping filters? I currently have over 400k coins and really want to get in the millions"
Likely solved Small cart found in storage
It went to Splinter Cell: Conviction. Where has Local Multiplayer Gone?
To be honest I was more excited for Star Wars than I was for Christmas lolol. This is a good thing. I liked having Star Wars during the holidays. It would be awesome if watching Star Wars became a Christmas tradition!
You're the best. Some dude told me a rug can do that too.
"Stalin died while in power, did recent college grads have anything to do with it? Iran is trying to oppress Freedom of speech because of this poster."
"Upvote for Firewatch Wallpaper. 300 Random Wallpapers: Games, Space, TV, Art, Landscapes and such. Some OC, All SFW"
"Not really, considering it's nearly 2am for me Relax, they usually give the compensation awhile later. Even if there's no compensation at least u get to play now"
"if it is as close as the bernie election, with as much of the substantiated issues, then absolutely go for a recount. Go back and read posts from r/politics about the primaries. They would sound a lot like Trump tonight. I don't support Trump but I think it's really fucking hypocritical of a lot of people here who are acting so outraged about not accepting election results at face value."
"People have different taste in games get over yourself, people are going to enjoy this game no matter how upset it makes you. This is my thoughts. Anyone who thinks this is a great game is sorely mistaken. At best it's a fan glorified tech demo with pretty visuals and at worst it's just a few short battles with an uninspired versus mode. I'll be shocked if Ryse is anything more than a 5-10 hour hack and slash with a sub par and unoriginal story."
"Non so far, absolutely no information ;~; Season 6 air dates? So what's going on with season 6 now? I've seen the new hour long special but I can't find any information for release dates on episodes for season 6."
You obviously don't even know what fat is. thats not chubby. thats full on fat dude.
"If it's a park, go to the Parks tab of the Services screen and similarly for the rest of the services. Please help!!! New storage function!! I've placed some newly purchased items in the new storage function and I can't seem to figure out where it's gone? Can someone please point me in the right direction?!"
"Yall make some good points. Don't ask for advice on what to do, then immediately respond to it with 'thanks but that won't work because I'm shit'. In that case, don't ask. Either talk to the girl or don't, dude. What happens if (when) she says no? You just gonna drop dead?"
News... On paper? Its an ad running in newspapers. We aren't the demographic. People will look at this and see samsung has a bigger list. The features it listed are useless anyway but nice for padding.
r/theydidthemonstermath r/theydidthemath
That's a hell of stretch from what he actually wrote in the letter. Miami Heat Owner Expects Chris Bosh to Return Next Season
"Yeah, before taxes in my case :) you get 380$ just for attending school? wow."
"yes, we have a balance patch meant for lv50 already applied for whatever reason without having cap 50, 50 will balance things out alot better, i dont play asia enough to know if its completly well balanced, but its better than the mess we currently have Is the lv50 patch gonna improve the situation ? I mean properly , because e.g. Summoners are so strong without even trying compared to other classes lol Are they gonna get nerfed or other classes buffed ?"
"So has there been a tv show or movie based on this or is this the first? International poster for Marvel's ""Guardians of the Galaxy"""
Definitely Daniel. Favorite character from SG universe? I would definitely say Daniel Jackson. What about the rest of you?
Trump: really high walls If famous people were yoyo companies. What would their flagship model be? From both past and present.
"Yeah, only the most horrible abomination would dump good tea to waste. that's a bit exaggerated, not even a monster like Sweden would dump good tea like that."
Well memed. [](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh) [](/hero-wraithking) DEATH = MY BITCH [](/hero-wraithking) [](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)[](/custom-refresh)
OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG OHG
"[](/rsunsetfacehoof) It's 'infidel', you Philistine! [](/pprage)Infadel!"
The epitome of button-spamming. Twitch is currently battling amongst themselves with Street Fighter!
"#FUKUNAMI #FucKonami I liked it when video games were a consumer-based product, before the corporate bullshit kicked in. Before executives let their ego flow into the game's production, and the games were made from the heart. That time, the rivalries and bad blood only benefitted the consumer, giving a better product from both sides. Nowadays, when every single company has some bullshit drama inside them, no game is made without complications that spoil the game. End this bullshit, and give us the Guillermo Del Toro Silent Hills, or we'll boycott your shit, Konami."
"Wow this conversation evolved quite a bit. Cool thank you! I'm convinced there's a website out there that does what I'm looking for already. Going to keep researching online. If I don't find anything, I'll contact u later this week. Thanks again for the offer."
"Showbiz. ""He's 15 years old, he needs to still be on this show!"" That's your only reason?"
"Auch, I do not think vee brought enough body bags Ein zwei drei"
"I agree, sorry you're getting downvotes Yeah, I hate it when people name their children after their parents, relatives or other people they know. Children shouldn't be seen as some vessels or continuations of other people but their own independent beings."
"That would explain why a majority of the articles are terrible, and the rest are simply ""meh"". You ignored a possible third option: the ""higher-ups"" are ran by a majority of men but the writers could be female."
"THe Ranch Club in Missoula, MT. Where is this?"
I think it brought attention to his probation. Do you think his role with the movie had anything to do with it?
"That's not so much ""use their hands to break the fall,"" and more ""have their arms accidentally get in the way of them falling."" Well, not saying it's what happened, but... Lots of people. If you're falling face first with a concussion, the fencing response will do that. Not gracefully, mind you, but it will."
Very good point as well. My guess is they won't announce anything until the 3DS version has been out for at least a week - They want to get as many 3DS sales as possible and then start to hype the Wii U version
NO NO NO NO NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO I hear Bickell isn't happy in Carolina... :p
"STAY INDOORS THIS WEEKEND UGA PLAYERS. BYE WEEK, PLEASE PROMISE THAT YOU WON'T INJURE ANY MORE OF OUR PLAYERS, OR HAVE THEM EJECTED FOR TARGETING. WE WANT TO BE AT FULL HALF-STRENGTH FOR THE WORLD'S LARGEST OUTDOOR CRIPPLE PARTY NEXT WEEKEND..."
"Oh, I saw you pee. What one secret will you take to the grave? (throwaway's accepted obviously)"
It's all fun and games until storm front &amp;/or the KKK likes their status message. I've seen this racist status several times on facebook. Not obscuring the names of these human paraquats.
"I didn't make the video, just discovered it and posted it lol You are very good!! I was mesmerized! Very well done!"
"Yeah, maybe I could try that:) Not OP but maybe get some weights and do it at home? That's what I do because no moneys"
Soon enough that will be a theme marathon. You should have seen everyone's face while I was running.
He sure does. To me looks like one of the splicers from Bioshock.
"The glass fountain... ""If we die, we die alone"" -The Way of the Gun"
Still more organized than mine Something Something as clean as it gets.
Yay now I can focus on finishing the loa set without having to worry about rf New MP Season: The Ibistick
Posts on my timeline. Messages or posts?
"As much as I don't want to admit this... No, that money is going to fund cocaine fueled parties for NGOs and warlords."
Aurelion sol with stars? Jax with lamp posts.
Looks like it was made in HS computer graphics class Final Fantasy XV Boxart
"""Scrappy"" players only. Sneaky Athleticism Association"
"it is the way it works in everything else, example, real madrid has a B team on their 2nd division, (Call it NACS) that team can be the champion of their division but they cant reach LCS as long as real madrid is there. How would this help the competetive scene of LoL in NA? Big orgs can just get the best of the rest (who are not in LCS) and form a Challanger team to prevent new orgs from haveing enough skill on the team to have a shot at prmo tourney. Does that mean we will get franchising in NA LCS?"
Thabo baited the officer into hitting him with a baton and breaking his leg by being Black. What is happening here that you would call race baiting?
"No problem man, thanks anyways. My bad, I conked out for the night. The control feature didn't work, so we're back at square one. Sorry, dude."
"""defiantly"" I will defiantly do that"
"I mean they keep violating Greek Air Space and waters so perhaps we can do that too, spread a little freedom on the air above Constantinople :P If Turkey did get out of NATO, would we be able to make any kind of trouble for them in the Aegean or Cypress?"
"Jareth and his tight pants live on for eternity, obviously! The Labyrinth. Is the mirror portal just open forever? After their dance party, do they all just go back? Does Toby grow up with a pet Ludo? What happens to Jareth and his tight pants?!"
"Haha well done Seinfeld... If you disagree, you're anti-dentite."
"I would like to point out that Pope Francis is Roman Catholic, and obviously not an authority figure to all Christians. Despite Pope Francis's acceptance of evolution, over 40% of Americans are creationists and do not believe in evolution."
"Yeah, I was a high school lacrosse player when there seemed to be a string of these sorts of things, and parents were scared shitless. I know a lacrosse player that died on the field because of this. Tragic."
"Because that's where PPD leaves his drafts, he forgot to bring it to the Frankfurt Major though. why does the bag say ""drafts""?"
[](/trixiesad)Trixie knows gaining that weight wouldn't help her. A Late Entry by Pony-Berserker on DeviantArt
"I know this is a really old post that I stumbled upon randomly, but my birthday is also 8/31 o.0 Oh shit, Gramps let me think... (I tagged you as ""gramps"", FYI) Probably like, some cool socks. No joke, I need some dress socks for work. My birthday is August 31st."
"They aren't fed up with the gov't, they are raging about a drug dealer who was shot by police when he shot at them. Scumbag Rioters."
"He's obviously joking, nobody uses #modelstatus seriously He posts horrible shit like this all the time."
Blue as fuck. Is the actual juice blue?
"This fucking guy, you'd swear he's sad that Bayern isn't an English team the amount he talks about them. Rummenigge: 'Do not repeat the mistake of the English'"
@shitty_hood_posts_ You sure ?
"He, and a guy trapped in Sens Fortress, who sells advanced spells once freed. Undead merchant sells the residence key which unlocks a door in lower undead burg, freeing a sorcery merchant who will return to firelink."
June 7th... Do you know what the date is when it comes f2p forever or...? not announced yet?
"""... he has already elected...."" voter fraud, how many times did he vote? George Soros Is Trying to Buy America a Less Racist Justice System - ""Since he began bankrolling a network of state-level super-pacs in 2015, he has already elected reform-minded DAs in Mississippi, Louisiana, Illinois, and New Mexico."""
"Only if they gave me the option to get a refund instead. Suggestion on how to fix the game: wipe + new story+ new wave What if, to fix the gap between everyone who glitched and have 240 gear and the legit, massive did a wipe / kill on all characters (like diablo 3), and used that as part of the story, like bliss came back and kill all the agents of the second wave, and then the command has to call the third wave (brand new characters) to try to free manhattan again? Maybe that could be used on a expansion idk Idea came from a friend Fabricio"
It has a sub for the later questing hub but I can't remember if it looks like this Not that I've seen :/
"It's cleaner than most Econofitnesses I've been to, that's for sure. Looking for feedback on ProGym (Hochelaga) before signing up Hello! I was doing some research on some gyms near me, and ProGym popped up in my search. I have heard a lot of good comments about this gym on old archived threads, but would like to hear some more up-to-date info. If you are or have been going to this gym, would you recommend?"
"Upvote for blinkys and woo woos Yep. Had a few close calls with local cops running a red light right in front of me (he ran a total of 2) flying at double the speed limit (45mph road). No lights, no siren. Im pretty sure they need blinkys and woo woos to go through red lights."
"It wasn't ""Chicken Parm you taste so good""? Adam Gase, not Peyton Manning, called game-winning audible"
"no LOOKING FOR FREE ITEMS COUNTERSTRIKE GLOBAL OFFENSIVE, ANY VALUE"
"Your wall needs to be much higher, son. ^^^^wall"
"There's choreography in all movie fights, what do you mean? Its going to be a matter of opinion, and seeing as how you found intrigue and chorography within the Doomsday fight, I doubt that I would ever sway you to believe its anything less than fantastic when you see Justice League"
"Please, enlighten us by telling what YOU believe is actual journalism or journalistic websites. ""left in the darkness"" No, support ACTUAL journalism from ACTUAL websites that are quality organizations. If this story exists, then post it from a real journalism source, and give them the page views, and you will be getting more truth than this site could ever dream of hiding from you."
"that's the money shot! Out of her 34 visits, the one time I see her and it's this."
"Empathy for the oppressed, duh shitlord. Avocation for emotional and sexual manipulation, exploitation, and black mail. And the assumption that he is also cheating on his wife and kids. Because *EMPATHY* is a core tenet of Social Justice."
Bibs don't do much in terms of covering the chest area. wearing a bib
Magic Oven 0.025/10. Dinesafe.
Hmm that sounds about right... They'll go 11-5 and miss the playoffs. Garoppolo gets traded and signs a monster contract somewhere else that he never quite lives up to.
"Would've called him out and then told him to leave. Lol, a canvasser of theirs did a speedtest on a Tablet using Verizon 4G - stating ""this is the speed you'd get with Windstream"". I was just all button lipped about the whole thing, felt more bad for him having to walk around canvassing a sale than anything. Nice kid, seriously, but that shit was funny."
"Photons are probably introduced to explain the photoelectric effect, which is sometimes taught at quite a low level. Light is simply an EM Wave. That's all. Photons are a tricky business. I don't know why we introduce them to laymen at all, since when Newton contemplated ""corpuscules"" of light he got so much of the physics of light wrong, whereas thinking of light as a wave got so much of the physics right. I think we would be better off trying to explain that EM waves behave according to the rules of quantum mechanics, and start showing how that really works (IE, by explaining the QM hydrogen atom) rather than start by introducing the crutch --- the photon. If it helps, when you learn physics, you learn about vectors and fields, and then EM fields, and then you learn that EM fields actually contain energy and momentum, and then you see that EM fields interact in discrete units or quanta in particular circumstances, and then you learn about photons. It makes no sense to learn about light, photons, EM waves in the opposite order."
Chad is a douche bag name. What is one thing that we can all agree on?
"Yea, this describes where I'm at as well. As long as the team actually replaces him, I'm fine with letting him get overpaid somewhere else. If they don't replace him or expect one of the prospects to make a huge leap this year, he will be missed."
which is a shame because pauper really doesn't do it for me and regular EDH is too spendy to make more decks in tiny leaders!
[](/bjshake) Your favorite emotes thread! Show us what ya like
itt: generalizing people. Is there a difference?
"Do... Do I get to play with my own boobs? Good question. Let's get you strapped down for surgery, give you the opposite set of genitals, and see if you're still cool masturbating afterwards."
They can keep him though. They also picked up Hanson in the offseason.
Nice lookin' door. Thought our concrete breaking station belonged here.
I think actionscripted is referring to glyphicons which just uses a sprite sheet. I don`t know what you mean. Can you elaborate ?
"Nice MeMeTM Tried a rift last month. Garbage from a gaming standpoint. I might spend 10 minutes with this gimmick. I am sure some people will love it as gaming graphics have been oddly degrading the last 2 years and this is something shiny and new, but is very reminiscent of the Wii's initial release. What all these VR developers are missing is this: Many of the hardcore gamers have at least borderline autism / Aspergers. They don't do well with this level of sensory overload."
"Oh yes, Crash tag team racing:) so much fun! I got all of this for $100!"
"Minions on bridge (enemy) + princess on tower (defence) = no enemy damage done, princess untouched. This is not really accurate, princess is not a direct counter to minions. She can kill them, but not before the do heavy damage to whatever they are targeting. She can't one shot minions and depending on timing and placement she might not even kill them before they take out the tank or whatever they were targeting."
"I'm nervous Thank God for alt accounts I'm gonna push it, wish me luck! Join Robin"
"Well that's one way you guys are lucky, I suppose. By Australian standards the GOP is insane right wing extremists. We had a PM recently who was getting close to GOP extreme and he was too much for us."
Its even worse when you have a foot injury and are limping to the door and have to just stare them down as your try to limp faster but it hurts too much. When someone holds a door open for me while I'm far away from the door.
So... what is Razer Synapse exactly? Wanted to update Deathadder Chroma firmware. Thanks for the updater Razer Support.
"People seem to think assassin means you are in and out without anyone knowing. I agree. People complain about how it's not a stealth game any more. It never was! It had mechanics for stealth, yes, but it wasn't a stealth game. ACI had the worst stealth mechanics in the series. ACIII actually had a lot of awesome moments, stealthy missions, but that's no fun to circlejerk about. People pick out the tiniest negatives, and it really annoys me. But yes, I agree with every word in this post. Another one that gets on my nerves is ""Edward isn't an Assassin"" Yes. It's been said multiple times, he gets into the order mid way through, and it changes him a lot. Going by that philosophy, Ezios is just a cocky teenager. Altair is just a child. Edward is the most complex character so far, but people just say "" He can fight? Not a proper Assassin!"" At least use a new circlejerk, guys."
"President Trump has nothing Canadian about him, 100% American through an through. I know! Trump has those old school Canadian anti-establishment values we had back in the day. Like, when we'd call out the US for clintonesque bullshit. Now we have egg on our face thanks to Trudeau and all the cucks, hopefully this based yank can remind Canadians what is means to be Canadian again, at least in our traditional sense."
"And drugs ... just say ""no"". Oh hai kids. Stay in school."
"This is great, did you make it? Lexington, KY: Snow Removal Priority Streets"
Every beer procedural Found the alcoholic.
"I agree, but I feel like Bolton will be dealt with before LF gets to him. Well since he means to make Sansa lady of winterfell it seems obvious he'll come against bolton at some point."
"Apple; creating artificial opportunities to look innovative by fixing problems they alone have created. Ars Technica: If you kill the headphone jack, you need to replace it with something better"
I'm a penguin. Identifies as a bird.
"If youre ok with porting out and be without service for a bit, you can go and try to activate the cricket phone already since all you need is the phone number and the order number Switching to Cricket from Virgin. Virgin is about to bill me for the next month. Ack. I'm porting a phone number from Virgin Mobile to Cricket. I'm buying a new phone through Cricket, so I won't need my old Virgin phone anymore. The Cricket phone arrives in two or three days. I've got my credit card number saved on Virgin Mobile, for recurring monthly billing. I just realized I'm going to get auto-billed on Virgin in two days, meaning I could be charged for the next month of Virgin service before I get a chance to activate my new Cricket phone. Oops. What happens if I turn off auto-billing on Virgin? Will my phone service essentially stop working in two days? Will they release my number into the wild? Will Cricket be able to port it over? When signing up for Cricket, the instructions clearly said not to mess with my existing phone account (don't cancel it, Cricket will take care of it, etc). Should I just pay the next month of Virgin and then try to get a refund afterwards? I doubt that'd work."
Where does the ad say that it's from rain? I thought the water only rose 8712 inches and it didn't say just from rain. Supposedly most of the water was from springs and within the earth.
Correcting people when they're wrong is not harassment. Nope I am not the one who is doing the harassment you are.
oh i know they're the same person it just sounded like the haise personality came back for a bit and is the reason cell doors opened They're the same person. I just refer to him as Haise because that's currently who he's mainly known as in the manga.
For you. You're a big Sith.
"I always found the tear drop sound effect hilarious, it's so out of place. How Come is a decade old and still mindblowing."
The polls are the only things that matter to the Clinton Campaign It has but I think it's about to start costing her in the polls if she isn't more forthcoming.
"Fairly backwards, in my opinion. I don't get the connection between France and the word ''civilised''."
"Wow. Because given things like the Palestinian public's reaction to Abu Mazen even partially admitting the ""right"" of demographic invasion won't be realized, I don't think we're getting a peace agreement any time soon. So I don't want a security policy of ""give concessions, receive hugs"". That's just too naive."
Yes giving other people a chance is killing the world. You're the reason this world is slowly dying
"Yeah what is everyone talking about This is a silly, harmless exchange among newscasters. It's standard fluff piece comedy fare and they're hamming it up for the bit. There isn't anything awkward about this at all."
"Since some of these women were so easily identified, The National Enquirer better have its shit together on this one, and I think they probably do. He had not disavowed the report yet, and by his own logic a failure to disavow is an admission."
"This won't get the attention it deserves but the fact does remain, blasts are more common in this general part of the world. Pakistan: Over 53 killed, 35 injured in bomb explosion at Civil Hospital, Quetta in Balochistan"
"""Down votes"" bitch where Not sure why your getting downvoted. A buddy and I are doing the same thing (albeit inspired heavily by the show)."
Insubordinate and churlish shallow and pedantic
"You know this is Arizona, right? You know there are issues besides guns, right?"
"Screw you I want to try surstromming. I remember when a friend of mine tried to feed me natto. My life was saved because as I was lifting the nasty-looking offal up to my nose I noticed that she had a wicked smile, and was watching me intently. It was this brief pause that allowed me to catch a whiff of the cancerous effluvia, which caused me to gag and retch instinctively. She cackled evilly while I handed the tin back to her, all pretenses of politeness dropped as I declared I wasn't eating that. Folks, if somebody hands you an unfamiliar food and then watches you with intent eagerness, you probably shouldn't eat whatever it is."
You are so tall the lack of Oxygen is affecting your brain..... I'm not bragging about it. I'm just saying 6'3 isn't big for anyone really. I'm still considered small in the NBA. Most of those guys are like 6'5 and up.
"Sorry, I don' get it, what happened? Transilvania be like: ""NOPE, RASPUTIN 2op4me"""
"Empanadas for me bro. give em a little while, they've still got to finish their cortados and croquettas"
"#EXPOSED ""Muh actually existing socialism"" - notaflyingpotato"
Excellent advice thanks You're not supposed to dry jerseys in the drier. You can put them in the washer but put it on a gentle cycle with the jersey inside out then let it air dry.
They are so hard to find with manual tranny over here :( I would drive the shit out of one of these
"It's it not opposite day, no. It's it opposite day?"
Kulcha movie. Bahubali
"Our D has just read too much quantum physics lately. That seems to be our thing now. Try and break physics by passing a solid (puck) through a solid (a body, a stick)."
"He definitely says ""big league"", but for the record ""bigly"" is actually a real word. It's a mispronunciation or spelling of ""big league"". It is similar to ""big time"", and I assume is in reference to the top levels of different sports leagues. Trump has a unique accent for sure."
Stake your d chain My main is 138
"Will certainly consider it, but atm I'm focused on seeing if the numbers are too high. Could you maybe add Night Mode, please. Do you need help with CSS?"
and their legs taste great sauteed in garlic and butter /a frenchman Frogmen are hard motherfuckers
It seems all the girls are bringing up the behind by finding a parents piece of clothing. Found my Mom's Old Adidas Windbreaker
Spicegirls VNV Nation Regina Spector Fleshfield Your ipod is in the lost and found. What 4 artists do you say are on there to prove it's yours and no one else's?
"Eat broccoli, because in broccoli there live imps and during the night the imps will climb out of the broccoli and mine the fat off your ass. Listening to anyone who is a nutritionist. *Anyone* can call themselves a nutritionist. Dietitian is the legally protected term. To paraphrase Dara O'Briain: A dietitian is like calling yourself a dentist, while a nutritionist is like calling yourself a toothiologist. Now it's entirely possible that a nutritionist may be 100% correct and know exactly what they're talking about, but they also don't have to have taken any sort of classes or licensing exam, so they can be totally full of shit."
"Yeah, it was obvious it was staged, but I still found it a clever joke. I really would of loved it more if it wasn't so obviously scripted.. I don't know, man. Top Gear is slipping.. Oh well. I'll still watch it non-freaking-stop as I always do."
"its nor for 6.8 but for 6.9 I didn't see anything about boots in Patch note(6.8), what did i miss ?"
"What sort of custom jobs? well it has about 15 or so custom jobs, it dosnt have vip, it might soon tho, it has m9k, it has meth lab, police armoury, bank armoury, lv system, printers, and press plates, and some other stuff"
"And wholesale coaching changes Guys this team isn't good,we aren't winning shit this year.Im just hoping for an early pick in the draft at this point"
Let's work on spelling three letter words before we confuse him with high level concepts like periods. Why is it that creeps forget to use punctuation?
"Tried to make a mad paintball map a while back, never got to finishing it but i had really good progress What kind?"
They have something like a 3-5 second arming time.until they can detect vehicle movement. WHY DO MINES TAKE SO LONG TO ACTIVATES? I'VE HAD MOTHERFUKERS RUN RIGHT OVER THEM AND NOTHING HAPPENS
Does the caterpillar inform the butterfly? I wonder if Mark Jackson would have informed Steve Kerr if he won
"Hmmm... These comments kinda smell like vote-manipulation! The dishwasher where I work has been making YouTube videos for years, this one is particularly hilarious"
"Mine did this last night as well... New iPhone 7+ won't turn on after being idle for a long period of time I just got my new iPhone and I noticed last night that when it's not used for a long period of time (when I sleep) , the screen will not turn on. What's weird it's the home button still works (so I know it's still on) but the screen doesn't work or any notifications. This has happened twice now. Does anyone know what could be going on or if there is a fix?"
An apostrophe is used after an acronym to symbolize it's a plural and not part of the acronym: RPGs can be misconstrued as R.P.Gs. RPG's what are amazing things?
They're still doing the Harambe thing in PHX? Acrobatic Backflip
I always suspected that women weren't real... It's fucking terrifying. Our leaders don't believe in science or women or public transport. Roads and men and religion for all.
"Real lack of Transformation no? 15 Willie le Roux 14 JP Pietersen 13 Lionel Mapoe 12 Damian de Allende 11 Lwazi Mvovo 10 Patrick Lambie 9 Faf de Klerk, 8 Duane Vermuelen 7 Siya Kolisi 6 Francois Louw 5 Lood de Jager 4 Eben Etzebeth 3 Frans Malherbe 2 Adriaan Strauss (captain) 1 Tendai Mtawarira."
Well I guess Eli finally threw his first td tonight Unofficial Giants vs Vikings SNF Gamethread Since I'm tired of waiting for it
that cat's ugly af I think my cat was a model in a past life...
"your first shot was around 7.29 degrees too far to the right, so it caused half a pellet to miss which resulted in a 250% damage penalty, you also didnt take the windage into account, which may have caused your shots to drift too far either side just get good dude Gnasher? or Pellet gun?"
"Some ask him about ""Alive"". Kendrick answering questions on Twitter at 4:30 PST"
Not all states have the castle doctrine. Castle doctrine brah
"I have not read it, but it is brought up and debunked often enough in basically any book that deals with the Soviet-German war. I don't think I've read it. How retarded is it?"
HAHAHAHAHHHAHAHAHA syndra. Cant dodge this one bitch!
"with the population density of China, if they had guns it would be a lot worse. The Chinese spree killers are typically more proficient with knives and machetes and things of the like."
"They moved out, ahhh Reddit, tell us why are your neighbors awesome?"
There's always money in the ~~banana stand~~ jew tree. There's money inside
"her skirt is perfect right now, it's getting out of butt's way :D Only her skirt is a bit of a mess... but you are right, great pick for the lovers of both worlds!"
How many corpses are floating in your bay? May I host the Olympics?
"TIL Americans don't celebrate ""The fourth of July"" but rather ""July fourth"" I always figured its because you say ""May 23rd 2016"", so then you put it in that order."
"Well really we do that just to fuck with them. How do conspiritards explain why there always are ""clues"" ? Like finding hidden and not so hidden symbols in logos or poorly encoded messages etc. What's the point? Why would some sort of massive global conspiracy want to drop easy to see hints all over the place? I'm just not understanding the reasoning behind this. It just seems like a stupid trope like when bond villains explain their plan, and leave with some elaborate setup that's supposed to kill the good guy."
"Don't forget their holy capitol in Oregon... the Malhauer bird refuge. Your a bit crazy here, and the straw man of using Islamic state is ridiculous. The tea party wants to remove the right to marry, force schools to teach Christian bunk like creationism, put gays back in the closet, force women to give birth... So in relation to an ideal society of freedom of person the tea party IS as bad as an Islamic caliphate. If we give them (christians) an inch it's only a matter of time before they are throwing gays off buildings... or dragging them behind trucks."
"I look amazing in sweaters Since we can't stop the next ice age, what are some of the positives that we have to look forward too?"
"Absolute control of guns, so probably a no-prep batman You're now a superhuman with powers based on your username. Who's the strongest character you could beat? Make a reasonable assumption about your powers and who they could potentially defeat. For example, I, samuraiche, am clearly a Captain America villain-- the animated body of Che Guevara possessed by the ghost of Japanese Nationalism from World War II. I could potentially kill Captain America for some vague symbolic political statement only to be destroyed by him when it turns out I didn't kill him."
"Legit points, yet there's no mention of the only MMO that is the definition of a successful subscription model while keeping up constant player retention and an unbroken rise in subscriber numbers since its launch: EVE Online. Camelot Unchained: Where Subscriptions still Work (also: MMOs are too cheap)"
"It means that religions aren't arbitrarily targeted, not that they are above the law. So what is the freedom of religion?"
Au dente Don't you just love waking up to fresh spaghetti?
Any better than the Detroit Little Caesar's? Seattle Starbucks
Only if it's legitimate trauma. The body has a way of shutting off brain trauma when unconscious. Everyone knows that.
"Didnt you know that avoiding fights and cancelling TPs was the best grand final ever? This TI is the best TI overall, you mean the best final?"
"There was a meme in one of the conservative reddits saying that prisons are the ultimate socialist/leftists/liberal utopia's because only the guards/police have guns, everyone is given ""free"" healthcare, three meals a day and has unlimited leisure time. But the real issue is much more concerning. Many of these individuals pushing for gun control would not take away the firearms from police (though they would like body cams and the like). Point being, we are diving headfirst into being a nanny state and relying on big Government. For everything."
Badass Ghost in the Shell: The New Movie Trailer
Taurus? Heard A 'Pop' From The Front.
"Thank you As a general rule of thumb, keep google searches as simple as possible. It is mostly matching words, so instead of asking it a question about the compatibility specifically, you might try a search along the lines of xbox one elite controller compatibility. To answer your question though, yes they are compatible. Xbox is trying to keep things simple and have all xbox one accessories be available for all xbox one consoles."
O E
"""gbps_tit_s"" in the link provided wut .-."
"Growing more unified everyday against the Presidential nominee with five kids from three wives, but not because of any puritanical 1950s bullshit like you're trying to peddle What's happening in the state of New Somalia these days?"
Macy's Gwinnett Place Mall near Atlanta Is that at sears?
"I know :) I know what you're saying, but these are guys that want to add to their world titles that don't have long left in their careers"
Way too long Really? I found that boring as fuck.
who the fuck stares at their radar waiting to see if a cop is about to run into my fire. Why not cease fire when you see on the radar another ship is about to enter your line of fire?
LMAO TIL: Jim Cornette wanted Kevin Steen to be called Mr. Cholesterol
"'I've been twerkng on bats my whole life..."" 'I've been qorking on cats my whole life...' BWAHAHAAHA Keep us updated, OP. I hope this guy loses interest once he doesn't hear from you anymore and you talk to his manager. You haven't done anything wrong, remember that."
"Welcome aboard, matriot. Australian Farther + American Mother = FULL BLOWN AMERISTRALIAN"
The last two qualifying rounds can be interesting as well in august It starts 13th August. Technically the Champions League has already started with qualifying but the proper group stages starts September I believe.
"2090; 770 CR 750 M 570 W I don't know if I should take it again, since colleges don't really care about the writing section, and that's where I made all my mistakes, even if my overall score was pretty low. What are your scores? I'm anxiously awaiting my scores from the may 3rd test, and I'm wondering: how did everyone do? As I sit here I keep thinking that they'll be awful... I hope not! I don't want to be too picky, so anyone is allowed to post scores."
"Does the UCLA not lobby at all? Ah, the UCLA, famed lobbying organization."
"So it's all about men? How to be a happy and good woman: * Don't tell lies to keep a man, keeping the option of deception open(oops the pill,changed my mind about having kids). * Don't make up stories on reddit to guilt men into not being honest about what they want and having ultimatums. * Go get the man who also wants what you want. A difference in desires is your cue to leave, not deceive. * Conning a man into sex and ejaculating inside you is not being home free; now he *has* to be a husband and father or at least make being a single mom affordable. If you abide by these very simple rules you have the recipe for being a happy woman with a happy life."
"Some big important money and influence behind Rand Paul, he gets lots of mentions in the propaganda, I say he is more of a lab rat testing ideas on the voting public, thus all the changes in his views. His Mexican immigrant wife, as well as his support for immigration reform and education, will be a problem. But it will come down to Bush or Rubio."
"seriously look at the kinda cash people spend on a single component for a PC rig I think $300 is reasonable priced. Everything below that is, IMHO, delusional. If you want to have an amazing experience you'll have to pay the price. This wont be an experience for everyone I'm fairly certain about that (in terms of pricetag). But I'm also sure that it will sell, regardless of price, if there is support for it and it's not just 2 games a year supporting it."
who? Looks like star lord tyrion
"If you expanded on this and made a new post, I feel like people would upvote the shit out of it. It's not exactly that simple. If I own a company, for example, that earns a million dollars, my company pays taxes (at the lower corporate tax rate). I then pay myself a dividend and pay a lower tax rate than if I were just paid salary. According to the official statistics, I am paying a lower tax rate, but remember, my company paid taxes first and that isn't going into the stats. It looks as though I pay less in taxes, but when you look at everything together, it comes out as a wash. If I pay myself through salary my company pays less taxes and I pay more taxes. If I don't pay myself anything and my company reinvests the money, I pay more payroll, sales, and corporate income taxes. If I don't pay myself and the company keeps the money without reinvesting it, I pay corporate taxes and capital gains taxes. It's no coincidence that capital gains + corporate tax rates are approximately the same as personal income. While there are certain tax strategies in Canada, there are no major loopholes like in the USA. The government in Canada gets its share one way or another. You pay today or you pay later. You pay income tax or a combination of corporate, capital gains, and dividends."
Because we aren't just another failed middle eastern state. how come no one bitches when those crazy people in that country get rockets and nukes?
"Or, OP is the driver and photographer. Nah, OP isn't into direct confrontation. He waited until she got in the store and set it on fire."
"seriously America, what the fuck. On election day: ""Did Trump win the election?"" I'm going to be equally terrified whether it's Trump or Clinton."
Paul Thomas Anderson What modern director has not a single bad movie?
"I could really go for a good Christmas toke. I wonder how that would turn out. My uncles just stopped by to visit for a little bit. While he was here he asked about my boots sitting off to the side of the room, said ""looks like a grass stain on the right one"". Mother fucker left me a joint in my boot"
It hasn't scarred me just yet but my workplace was robbed while i was there yesterday. What image/experience scarred you for life?
"Buzzwords make you look like a child here, if someone isn't familiar with proxy connections, they shouldn't be here. I was using a term thought everyone would be familiar with."
"Can't tell if semi racist, bluntly honest, or calling obama gay. Sex with robots. Laws are passed against the abomination that is robophilia. A civil rights movement supporting human-robot love begins. Some states repeal the laws, and the first human-robot marriage occurs. Then the first robot in the White House."
lol Shows what a joke the UN is. How is Saudi Arabia on the Human Rights council? That's like making Hitler a rabbi in Jeruselam.
"isn't this witch-hunting by having his profile in the description, or should i be downvoted for thinking differently? This hacker is disgusting..."
Israel should stop talking and starting shit. Netanyahu 'told New Zealand backing UN vote would be declaration of war'
"Wtf is frankie's? Had a giant douchebag TCU fan and his wife behind us, the shit he was saying towards us soured the game. Frankies had worst service I've experienced in a bar. But, I got to see some friends who moved to TCU and had an overall decent weekend with pals."
Kind of expected that fat kid slamming down the bully. Revenge smash!
Overmemed Devastator. overbuffed deathbird orifice deflowerer outsourced developer overused dankmeme ^^that's ^^it ^^i'm ^^out
"Everyone has a boner for Watson but I think he will be a bust Clemson just a school filled with talent and it makes everyone look good as a unit, not in other systems Who would that be though? Watson? I really don't think he's a first round player."
"Ask your director Advice for playing a drunk Hello everyone, for my highschool, we are doing The Little Prince as our winter play and I was casted as the Tippler (a drunk man). I have searched YouTube for inspiration on how to present my lines, but I haven't found anything. Does anyone have any advice to share? Anything is appreciated :)"
You're welcome. Thank you. I was about to make a comment because I missed the joke
Don't buy a single stack carry gun for home defense. Walther CCP vs Glock 17 gen4?
The Swamp Room is the finest of the bars in the New Orleans metropolitan area. Neighborhood Bars and Why They Matter to New Orleans
The imaginary devs in the SJWs minds. Which returns us to who exactly was driven from the games industry?
Fish sticks and custard. What's a disgusting combination of individually delicious foods?
"Because the song is great on its own merits? THANK YOU. I was shocked the original post wasn't the music video. It's like, why bother, ya know?"
"You live a productive and law abiding life for 40 years, but you kill one man... yeah it takes one time fuckup to change things. You generate gigawatts of power, and run flawlessly for years, but you have one meltdown...."
But Jack ain't real Jack
"We put stuff on your eyelids that leaves residue, I doubt you were crying. Yeah I've had surgery done where I had tear stains when I woke up. I didn't remember any of it, but I'm assuming at some point I was feeling pain."
"With friends like these, etc etc Yeup. I personally cannot stand Clark, and the shit he pulls like this is basically par for the course. ""I'll back you up on this buddy, but don't worry my shitty hero won't ever attack you fo - oh wait he already did. Well, I don't even know how this started but I assume you started it, buddy, so you kinda deserve it. Vox is a hero for attacking ebil SJWs and propagating the culture war myth, which suits my purposes, so fuck you I guess."""
savage Similar to Kaworu's reaction near the end of 3.0
*sigh* I guess Seattle played pretty well in SB 48. What is your favorite defensive performance ever?
Gowdy sure is a sweaty coward.. Bengazi select committee live
Terrifying to imagine running into one of these in the wild. Zoey's breakfast
"The swagnum, as I like to call it. Twitch. Bio is fantastic, I love the drone, the gray fingerless gloves are sexy as hell, and the FAMAS is my favorite AR of all time, not to mention the option to use a revolver. Fuze is my second favorite, being very similar to me (concise, curt, often mistaken for being an asshole when I try to make a joke (""Do I need to save all of your asses again?"")), being part of the GRU which is pretty top tier, served in the 27th Motor Rifle Brigade (my favorite song from the Red Army Choir is the 27th Division's Song about that unit), he gets an AK, and he's a shitload of fun to play as."
"Hmm... would love to, but I charge $100.00 an hour plus expenses... Any sound techs here who want to sub for me tomorrow? $15/hr Pm me. There's a cd release tomorrow and I can't make it. Please only experienced people. Thanks!"
Seeing the Original Trilogy Rebel fleet and original x-Wings in amazing modern CGI is so awesome. ROGUE ONE: A STAR WARS STORY TV Spot #21 - Hope Begins
"Part of their fundraising strategy is to allow you to purchase your own gravestone with any saying you desire (within reason.) I really hope they put in stuff like all those unique grave inscriptions that are typical for the sacred franchise, or how your character sometimes broke the 4th wall when you went afk. It's those little things where the game didn't always take itself serious that made it feel special to me. I remember a deep silver representative saying that they loved the stuff like funny grave inscriptions and would love to build on that for sacred 3. (that was before development started or it was the first official hint at a new sacred game). I was so excited when they said they would try to recycle what made sacred great. They even asked the fans what they wanted to see in a possible new entry... I don't think I'll trust deep silver ever again."
"yup and women in burkas are...? If she came, she must have subconsciously wanted it isn't so far off from if she wore a short skirt, she was subconsciously asking for it."
Stellar work! Super Dating Bros: The Bois Club
"XtremeAlfred LF1 for Kings Fall fresh, doing challenge mode doing this quick."
"But Na only had 2 teams playing, it could have been 1-2 which would be bad (though not as bad, obviously). na didnt do that bad. they went 1-1,while eu went 0-3."
That would put the cat amongst the pigeons when people saw how many men had been cuckolded. Paternity tests should be mandatory for *all* pregnancies.
"Thanks, Obama. This damn election. I just choose to blame it."
"Damn, if I was still 7 y/o she'd be up almost an hour past my bedtime (if it was a school night). This mad lass has no regard for her bed time"
"Yeah that wouldn't work in soccer - players would get exponentially more tired to cover more space He's borrowed a rule from hockey, less players on the field = more space = more goals. Not that I think it's a good idea just offering insight."
Noooo ;__; WWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAKE UPPPPP TIME TO DIIIIIIIIEEEEE
"trust me, if it was still there reddit would have never let it go I hadn't played as or seen a Paladin in weeks, so I guess that's possible."
Did dat ref jus call dat foul Did Dwyane Wade jus do dis
Why don't people just cook for themselves and save the money if they aren't wealthy tho? Is definitely not a symbol of wealth. Having an in house cook it's more common than owning a car.
#BlackMarketsMatter Legalize Organ Markets
"From what I've heard about Mailstore, it's exactly what I need except I'm on Linux and OS X :-( I used to use offlineimap as previously suggested but have since switched to Mailstore home. Windows only interface but supports every type of mail server under the sun for backup with restoration to a slew of email clients and server types. It's also fully searchable offline. It's been an excellent app for my use."
"Does anyone really have to say it? Yes, but no one was saying that a riot would occur within the stadium."
Passive indifference from downtown Vancouver Blowjobs from lumby
"Funny, I thought it ran on the finger grease that all of it's controllers attracts so readily. I believe the Wii U runs on gumdrops, pinwheels and the wonderment of children."
"you will have to message a mod from the sidebar... :) mods, would it be possible for you to start a thread so we can see if its ""findable"" (for lack of a better term) using tomnod?"
"I think it's something like 10% of your current money to a max of 1k If its capped at that I'd be happy, my fear was it continually scaling and bankrupting me"
"Might be time to see if your netbook truly is Skype-worthy then. Thats another problem, we live in a rural area. We have a city nearby but nobody who roleplays. Living in Hutchinson, MN."
"What's wrong with compromise, I know I can't leave my girl at home all day without some activity, maybe try a dog friendly hike in the am then when the pooches are nice and tired and nice dinner out for you 2. My Boyfriend of 2 years wants to spend our anniversary with his dog Last year I had exams around the time of our anniversary. We ended up going to McDs for our 1 year anniversary as he said he didn't make plans since he didn't think Id make it. Fair enough I wasn't sure I'd be able to go over either. This year however I want us to do something together to celebrate. I listed him some ideas of what we could do (Hiking, national parks, bowling, dancing, nice dinner date, drive in movie night, I'm flexible with what ever he wants to do) and his response was that he only wants to do things that his dogs can join in. (he has two large GS) Dogs aren't allowed in many places. Theres dog parks and dog beaches that's all that we know off and we've visited these places 100+ times already. He suggested we do the drive in movie with the dogs. I'm not sure if you guys have been in a long ride with two large dogs that shed like crazy before but the car adopts a strong odor pretty quickly Not only that, I want us to do something together. I don't want to spend our day with his dogs. As much as I love his dogs this is our anniversary and I want to spend it with him. His dogs start barking and get super excited with me just kissing my boyfriend, I want privacy as weird as this sounds. He thinks I'm being selfish and only thinking of myself and how this is our anniversary so he should get a say in it. Am I being unreasonable here ? should I let the dogs join us ? --- **tl;dr**: first time we can actually celebrate our anniversary and boyfriend wants his dog there with us. I don't, am I terrible ?"
"How is this worse than having a seizure while you're plummeting towards the ground from 10,000ft in the air? Nope. Second worst. I'm an emt, ran on a call where a guy was about to take a bath he turned the hot water on and before turning on the cold went into status epilepticus the water burned over 80% of his body including the ""all important 1%"" Dude had to be lifeflighted to a burn unit in galveston, he lived but his life will never be the same."
"To be fair, at least they are still trying to persuade instead of ""forgetting"" their BC pills. Persuading my husband to have a baby in 30 days or less"
Cats would sound like Alan Rickman. If the animal Kingdom could speak and every species had to adopt the voice of a famous person. Which species would adopt which voice?
"Arrieta is getting 30 wins next year guaranteed Most casual fans see ERA and wins and that's it, so it's understandable that some (or most who knows) thought Arrieta was better after last season."
there's always ultraporn I'm 25. I just earned the right to rent cars at a reasonable price. Now there is nothing to look forward to but get fat and die. =/
The Greatest Movie Ever: The Movie II What movie?
"Thanks for the info but I may not be able to juggle my studies and full time work sorry. Well its like a 9 to 5 job but the work hours are flexible for now, e.g. I work from 830 to 430, some from 6 to 2 (those who work directly with our parent company in AU) and some from 10 to 6. This may change once we have more employees. You may have to come from 8 to 4 for the trial period (usually 3 days) and training sessions. The work hours are the usual 8 hours a day including a 1 hour lunch break. Honestly the work load is also heavy so you may have to do overtime (unpaid) but the pay is very competitive. If you are still interested then please message me your email address :)"
"I have to do my ""actual"" work first, but I think I have an idea of how to do it... I excitedly await your creation."
"Mods can't change the alert notices, unfortunately. Is there a mod that removes alerts? (So that you have to use radar to get alert area?) Would be cool to have to use radar to get alerts. Would make it a little nerve wracking leaving a outpost forcing you to either check up on it more or make it more secure from the start. Anyone know of something like this?"
this sub is full fags that think they are funny If you look really hard you may see a plant
"Coloring Book wasn't that great in my opinion. Where's TLOP, Blackstar, Coloring Book, and Bottomless Pit"
"You make claims, back them up with proof. What? I don't understand what you mean."
"And this is the key issue I have with many Canadian voters nowadays; they very clearly demonstrate a complete lack of knowledge and understanding of how parliamentary democracy works. If there's going to be a coalition I want it on the table before an election and I want their platform out there for the voters to judge. That's my issue with it. Coalitions are essentially mergers, I want to know which aspects of each platform are going to stick and which aren't before an election."
Wouldn't it be better to just... shut them down? Australian servers you've done it again!
"AKA Hitlery? Obama might be in the toilet, but will that stop any of the youth supporters from backing the Democrat's nominee in 2016?"
You gamers are the bitchiest group of people I've ever encountered. Steam's new paid workshop content system speaks for itself
That dog looks like a vagrant getting a shower after years on the street. Wet Floofle
"Supplies, massive amounts of points spent on urugans... with enough rocket arty units, dispersion becomes carpet bombing. The other day I drove up several Grads and Uragans relatively close to the enemy zone I intended to bomb, and saturated the area with rockets so bad that I killed a lot of AA and the CV. When they re captured the zone, I did the same thing again, killing another cv because there was no where to hide. The fun part is that there is no downside to this."
D for dancing a jig R for rolling in grave
jesus once told me i should kill myself phinus an farb
"It would truly depend on how ugly and overweight she was, and how awesome of a personality she had... I've known a few friends who started to date uglier women with awesome personalities, and after some time, the women started to lose weight and look better. Would you date an ugly girl? So you know this girl. She's funny, spontaneous, and outright awesome. She's attracted to you, and you know it, but she is overweight and kind of weird lookin'. Would you date her? Would you be ashamed to take her places and introduce her to friends? I realize that this question is kind of vague, but really, I'd like to know a guy's opinion, and what kind of factors would make a difference. Be honest here fellas."
"You're still having sex with a partner, that doesn't change just because you pull it out and rub it out. A question about sex and relapse. Picture this scenario: You and your partner are having sex. But before you ejaculate, you pull it out of her. You then use your own hands to ejaculate your penis. Is this considered a relapse, eventhough you were just having sex a moment ago?"
"There are no customs charges for goods bought from the UK, though (at least not until they bail out of the EU, anyway... :v ). An post is a cunt for customs though. If you can get it delivered up north, go there."
"Oh god... It's ""M'LS"" not ""Le M'LS."" How many times do we need to go over this?!"
~~Too few tractors on the undock for that to be true.~~ ~~french~~ gallente workers
"WE ARE ENTERTAINED ! You've taken fat sympathy to whole new levels. You were warned before, yet you keep sympathising. You'll see the ban hammer is equally effective on verified users. Fuck off tubby lover"
"Except EULAs have basically been universally proven worthless in regards to legal value in courts. You should have read an EULA once in your lifetime. They are pretty much exactly the same. Simply put, do not modify, sell, reverse engineer or reproduce any of the content in the game. You agree to this even if you don't read it."
"I think it's better to have a choice whether to risk your life or not, rather than don't have it. I mean if you're gonna trample someone to death over something, probably better to do it over survival than a toy."
"Honest question - then why do you feel you get labeled as that? I have no idea why I get labeled a fuck boy though. I wear pretty decent clothes, take care of my appearance, no idea. Last girl I dated said on our first date I was confident and well dressed and she was waiting for me to be arrogant or an ass, but it never came so she was surprised/pleased."
"Ray's doing something right. I hope your crow is delicious, Paul and Joe"
"Look up Smartbones, they make a ton of treats that chew like rawhide but are much better for your pup! Alright, well thanks for the info. I used to give my dogs bully sticks, but one of them has some serious allergies and bully sticks just gave him the runs. Rawhides seem to have been the only long term chew toys I could give him that didn't make him sick. I'll try looking into other options though."
"Yeah, I was wondering how long until something was manufactured to bring it back somehow. Unless all of it is a ruse designed to repass The Patriot Act"
"Do you ever think it its not a good risk, seeing as property can be replaced but life cannot? If for instance I was being burgled I wouldn't be cowering under my bed phoning the police - I'd take a weapon and engage them. It could lead to my death, but I believe strongly enough in defending what is mine that it's a risk I'd be willing to take."
Are all the parts supposed to fall off? All the parts fall off
ALL YOUR CASTLE ARE BELONG TO US You are a medieval warrior; what is your battle cry?
People find this funny? Best Bastion play ever.
"No, he really isn't... Yeah but he's not op right guys????? Just learn to counter him right guys?!?!"
Video source will do Citation needed
"Jebron Lames NBA Anagram Thread Thought this might be fun.. submit an Anagram of an NBA Player's name, and try to guess the unscrambled versions of suggested anagrams. I'll start out: chair plus"
"They're anything but fair. The Young Turks. Biased in our favor, but straight forward in their bias and fair even when facts go against their bias. Plus their rants are epic and factual."
"ok for the sake of typing lets end the discussion XD Like I said, idc about the killing lol all I care about is the time you've wasted fighting a flame war you can't win. Ugh I hate typing on my tablet."
"I was pretty into the 2015 design, not as much this one. 2016 Somali elephants, guess they're all right..."
"its a pretty ok yoyo, not worth $200 imo A $200, titanium yo-yo was created (only 500), but they had to get the pros to play with it. Here's the best (in my opinion)."
"Please try to remain civil. **STOP DOWNVOTING POSTS AND REPLIES BASED ON PERSONAL OPINIONS, FOR FUCKS SAKE.** You know who you are."
Bazinga! Mere seconds later you learned why you never turn your back on a gay man.
"pm me, I know someone in the program you can message on linkedin that can give you first hand experience Applied Math Grad School Admission Average Cutoff I've talked to a few profs about this but they haven't given me a straight answer. The admission average cutoff for the MMath program in the department of applied mathematics is 78% (Up 2 percent from last year, not sure how often they change it). My current average (as I go into 4A) is right around 77% (I'm in Applied Mathematics). I did an NSERC USRA a few semesters ago so I have research experience but I'm worried my average will prevent me from getting into grad school. Does anyone have any experience with this?"
Yeah i could never really understand why some people thought the rifts god rays were worse and why other people thought the vives was worse. I appreciate the simulated FOV and god ray pictures. Helps understand it better.
"Aah ok, fair enough. Given that that is a dual gpu card, I didn't see fit to include it."
"give source or it's shitpost actually dyrus just said that, and he didnt look like he is trolling"
"All laws should expire every 25 years unless renewed by 50% of the legislature. Shoot, if this really dates back to 95, I'm wondering how many legislators even know about it. There are so many stupid laws still on the books for exactly that reason: time goes on, people forget."
"It's not tagging it he wrote it on his own folder. Not to be the party pooper but arnt these posts not allowed anymore,? Or is that just public stuff"
holy jesus this music Reason To Play AP Ezreal
You have to let the fight *marinate*. It would tarnish the trilogy if Diaz lost. You need to keep that shit on ice until the UFC needs another ace in the hole for ratings.
"Both Mercury and Jupiter seem to be the favorites of the party, honestly. As a tall, awkward girl, Jupiter was my favorite"
"Well.. at least they didn't force her into an institutional school, rape her regularly as a child, then deny it and cover it up for years. Great Woman Philospher Has Skin Ripped off By Christian Mob"
Nice serial New Sig P226
Is it that time already? 25th JFK Assassination Secrets Scheduled for 2017 Release
"be aware combat bonds are bugged and and some times you get no money, have fun ! How do you make money from conflict zones? Went into one. Farmed about 20 ships for no reward. I thought you got bounties in conflict zones?"
"Gender is not sex. Guess what, it is a man. He has a Y chromosome. You SRSers are worse than the hardcore Christians when it comes to understanding science."
"is it better or worse to change it to a ""little bit""? My friend was making a wooden key but it was slightly too big for the lock, so I told him... ""Whittle it a little it'll fit."""
His raw drug tested powerlifting total hasn't been beaten since 1995. 2033 lb total at age 18... damn
"You realize she's 73, right? I bet Martha Stewart gives a mean HJ Talking dirty in that calm, soothing voice. Using some ancient double fist triple twirl motion or some shit. Probably make me a delicious sandwich after she's done!"
"One-click overclocks are a gimmick, IMO - they don't actually get the system to its' actual top overclock, just to one that has been pre-set by the mobo manufacturer as mostly safe. Haha I hadn't planned on doing anything yet, til I know, but thanks for the heads up about overheating. One click on/off makes things pretty nice though."
Love it! My quick little instrumental cover of Sail to the Moon that I made a few months ago:
"What's voidspace? _Just then, 50 billion people searched for ""McCain"" on twitter._"
I can only imagine the size of the chicken buckets at their KFC gmo
"4 is pretty rare except they are way BTA, common is to sell 2 for 7 so you get one for 3 and one for 4. Do FT Ak Redlines get sold for 4k? So I paid 3k for an ak redline, and i often see people listing them for 4. I was just wondering how fast they get sold at 4k (or if at all) if not, what are some good things to trade it for?"
"if there are scorch marks on the back, then yes unfortunately so would that mean we would have to buy a new motherboard?"
try/catch/finally all the way. My gender is programmer. if/then/else please.
"Not a mistake but when I hear the Wilhelm scream, I totally lose any immersion into the movie or TV show. What's a mistake in a movie that you noticed that ruined the whole thing?"
"Corona What beer is right for this occasion? Having a party on the lake, just sun and water, with some jello shots to go along with the experience. A nice hot day with some pals. What beer comes to mind"
It's a finisher car! Actual Amphibious Exploring Vehicle
"Abby Lee Miller taught me a lot about Pittsburgh's dance schools in the first 4 seasons of Dance Moms and she also taught me that Cathy, the Wicked Witch of Ohio, is a fucking bitch Oh shit. As a Pittsburger, I did not expect to appear on any of the maps. I want to kiss you."
"I mean, consensus is a form of decision. Well, a linguist would probably point out that it's common usage that would dictate definitions, and in linguistic academic circles AAVE is the term that almost everybody uses. ^^^^I'm ^^^^a ^^^^pedant ^^^^:("
oh lawdy oh jesus
I'm a dentist! What other job do you have besides streaming? We all know streaming is a job. The best at that. But you still have bills to pay. So what is your money making job? I currently work at Walmart. Not all fun as you would think.
"I'm not sure on that gun...most game/movie guns turn out to be crap (with the POSSIBLE exception of JG's Dragon rifle). Matt! Not many questions, just wanted to say I love the videos! I've used Evike for most of my airsoft purchases, but through shipping as I'm on the other end of the country. Actually I did think of a question: Any information about that custom Halo Assault Rifle-inspired AEG? I saw the teaser and wigged out. If it's still under wraps, that's cool I can keep a secret or two."
"He seemed so awkward and fake at the car wash discussing air fresheners in a dad sweater. Brilliant. I love how the ""Walt"" that comes back after Heisenberg isn't Walt. He is Heisenberg's version of Walt, and everything he does is soured by what he has done and what he has become. Hard as he might try, he can't seem to get the imitation just right. Nice work."
Sad There's an entire subreddit dedicated to BernieBros begging for free pizza
"For the keyboard make sure that you know about the different kinds of mechanical switches, then pick which one you think you would like, not just whichever one is most popular. Need help with build."
"Neither, pick ATP. I'm trying to increase my DPS. Should I pick AMP? or GMP?"
"Patchy sideburns and goatee, but they won't meet:( It's very sad. Please do! I can get a little patch on my chin, but that's all."
"let the games begin, and may the odds be ever in your favour. Oh yes too many easy kills. I am gonna bring my crew and we are gonna choose recruit in all rounds. We are gonna ruin their game and they will leave. No brothers and sisters, you can't play free comfortably. You gonna taste wires, c4, shield squad. Pay the full price like us. You are welcome."
Actually playing the game for fun is much more glamorous than watching corporation employees play on TV. Photos of the less glamorous side of football. I'm getting cramp just looking at these.
"Same goes for the drake of blades, loved her character Eveli Sharp-Arrow ******* Spoiler Warning ****** Kudos for whoever ""gave her life"" there at ZoS !!! She is amazing !! Now tell me, shall we meet her again in the future DLCs ? P.S: I am not a Lore fanboy, i keep it simple and play for PvP - questing just when i have to, but Eveli, well, her voice, her dialogue, she is a sweetheart !!!"
"IDK I moved from my 1080 IPS to my new TN Dell S2716DG and honestly, maybe it's because it matters little to me since i don't do any video/picture work, but the colors and everything have been just about the same when I compare the two. Why don't you adjust the brightness on both first so it wouldn't be as subjective as it's now? I know TN's are mostly really bad but I've seen both Dell S2716DG and S2417DG in person and would never believe they can be **that** bad in comparison, unless you got some defective unit."
"do da bad ting I mean, my great grandad was from Jamaica so.... Come on bolt do da ting"
this is the reason I bought all physical books about JA when I first realized that media was flipping on him hard Reading: Time Magazine on Wikileaks
Look up the definition of accident in the dictionary and then get back to me. Its not an accident leaving your gun in an area where children can get at it.
"Soon, all bonehead bench players will be sitting for the National Anthem. Nick Young -- I'm With Kaepernick"
Authoritarians act pretty much the same despite being right or left economically. Nice try at whataboutism but he has copied Nazi Germany.
Random dead pixels. You've engineered a new computer virus. It's annoying but causes no real harm. What does your virus do?
"Found the theist But it IS the same God, this is historically accurate. Both Christianity and Islam are ""new"" revelations founded on the Old Testament texts and traditions."
"They probably had Louis C. K. ready to go as an alternative, forcing Colbert and his agency to accept a smaller compensation package. Stephen Colbert reportedely took a pay cut to leave Comedy Central for The Late Show"
You are still a good person. Spec Ops: The Line
"ah :) Yea, but I just decided to buy the steam version. :D"
A towel is just about the most massively useful thing you can carry. Don't forget to bring a towel.
"They really want to be able to say you left because you're a sinner, rather than any kind of issue with the beliefs of the church. Apparently, this is because of an online form that the bishop is supposed to fill out. As usual, the church pawns off it's dirty work to their unpaid clergy. The paid leaders at the top just give butt-hurt talks (here's looking at you Holland) and receive adulation from members around the world."
That keyboard takes me back to my high school days. systems completed.
"I like how he looks as if he was giving him the fist, but turned into a thumbs up XD Ok, I'll give you that one"
"Laying on the couch, watching Netflix on my xbox, I wanted to change the show, but the remote was *just* out of arms reach, so instead I grabbed my phone and spent ten minutes downloading and working out how to use the Xbox remote app. What is the laziest thing you've ever done?"
"It can be cookie genocide if you eat them. I read ""cookie genocide"" comedy department was disappointed but ""wow"" department was far from that"
"Too late From tweets I have seen, they seem to have learnt their lesson and hoping to move on"
"Ill shoot him an email to ask for advice then Founder and owner of Kontrimo, featured on the VIER show *The Sky is the Limit*, disappeared from the face of the earth for a few days several weeks ago (hence the suggestion that you should ask him for a good place to get away from civilization)."
"To be honest, I'd probably fuck it up If you could have full editorial control of both of the Big Two for 5 years, what would you do? More experimental stuff? More classic crimefighting stuff? More mature, more family friendly, or more varied in tone? More or less crossovers? More or less events? I'm just interested to know how it would look if the inmates were running the asylum."
It's not really a surprise that he comes out at the end so it's not much of a spoiler. I never thought I would get spoiled on documentary...
$27 shipped? Will you go a little lower on the ruby?
"The lines also appear if I turn computer off, and the monitor searches for signal, so I don't think the computer is at fault :( Upvote in case anyone else knows. My idea would be its something innthe motherboard settings."
121 1014 121 1013
"He was a vegan and promoted animal rights! That's like when reactionaries say ""B-but Hitler did so much to help the German Economy!"""
"I was hoping for a similarity to a vamp or werewolf in the elder scroll games. Not that we know of. You can sort of mechanically emulate a ghoul with the Ghoulish perk, but you can't ""become"" a ghoul, appearances and all."
I'm delighted people are recommending the RX480. Should I upgrade from amd 7970 ghz to 1060? I'm mainly upgrading because I need the third display port for my monitors (one of my monitors is only running 60hz instead of 144hz). I have been running everything perfectly fine on my 7970 so I thought the 1060 would get me my 3 display ports and a little boost in performance. Thoughts? Is this a good idea?
hopefully nobody got bitten 2 girls no cup
"But this is not supposed to be the playboy douchey batman, this is supposed to be the old, jaded and pissed at superman batman. Ben Affleck could definately be a great Bruce Wayne. He's got thw personality for playboy douche. I have great faith in his Batman too."
Humblebubdle store has it for 34~ (atleast few days ago) Best Deal on this currently I can find is $39.99 on Steam and GMG. Anyone know of a better deal?
really thought it was going to be calling out women using women parts to get upvotes... Just a neckbeard subreddit Well that subreddit was disappointing
"Germany's implimentation of this has worked quite well. Well that economic model hasn't really worked well for Portugal, Ireland, Greece &amp; Spain (PIGS) so that'd be a big no. Capitalism, for all its flaws, works."
"Thats the thing, people like this doesn't think. I think it's kind of funny if people are being this blatant. What are they thinking?"
sounds like its pretty close to the testicles... While I'm sure that the injection would be nowhere near my testicles the use of 'injection' and 'vas deferens' in the same sentence made my balls shiver and then rescind into my body....for protection. ^^^^^And ^^^^^out ^^^^^of ^^^^^terror.
You know you've been on reddit too much when it still makes you chuckle... It's like how everything is funnier with sleep-deprivation. I've been on reddit way too much.
The hell is wrong with his arm Hipster Anders (spoiler)
That I was rented! What did your parents tell you as a child that you now realize was a complete lie?
If she wants to be friends you don't have to annoy her about a relationship. I'm gonna try and talk to the girl about it today at school. Wish me luck
Bugger Wonder who was the MVP? Ah right it was me :P
Fucking trade Granlund GODDAMNITKUEMPER!!!!! What the shit
"Each time we got it to 11 we had horrible shot selection and turnovers. Every time we cut it to 11 or 13 I thought, this will be the time we get to single digits. It never happened"
Frame Toby - S05E09. Which episode is that from??!
I'm also going to do a better job of keeping my depression under control if I don't do it. Well you're not going to get better if you don't do it.
Have you considered running 2 less primus fists for an extra sun forge lancer and spelljammer? Advise on my current Zir'an deck
"From what I've heard, no Is the Ray Gun MK3 in all maps?"
At least he doesn't get bacon neck. Have you seen the way MJ dresses? He can't make fun of anyone for their attire. Ever.
its a meme so based on the people involved in the meme Voy or Scarra Who's second?
"SO would 90 or 120 fps just be absurdly silky smooth, or couldn't I tell at that point? 60fps + Motion Blur would do that"
Why the hell are they not allowed to say no? The worst thing about this crisis is that countries like Italy and Greece aren't even allowed to say no. Merkel &amp; Juncker will pay for the mess they've created.
"Video games are worth anything. You need to get over yourself, pal. Video games aren't worth stupid shit like this."
My girlfriend just farted during sex... 11/11/16
Well it's not like we can all get together in the middle of nowhere and decide who complains on a given day. yes and we get that. we just don't need 8 threads a day reminding us how shitty it is for rural players.
"No, this is more like the governor of alabama criticizing obama. I might disagree with my superiors at work often. I am not often publicly highly critical of them and their policies. That, I think, would be the difference."
The 'shrooms column symptoms sound more like the acid ones. Drug chart.
"To be honest, Ermac isn't, but after hearing his intro phrase over and over, since he's my brother's favorite, I pieced that together. Literally first thing I thought of too. Ermac is by far my favorite character."
Hubba hubba Reminder; our new President-elect does not like any unflattering photos of himself shown on the internet. Please do not share.
from memory it was an hour's flight? As DTX Said Fort Worth is almost an hour from Dallas and is still considered the same metroplex and that was what I meant when I said Dallas was super fucking spread out. Houston is 4 hours away
"2.5 regen allowed his soul ring to be basically ""free mana"" I think the 40%-60% multicast chance is a blessing, as well as the cast speed increase, and buffs to damage. I think the ""tankiness"" thing is over-rated. He's always been tanky, the 2.5hp regen is nice, but it's not what tipped him over the edge."
"Second date with the same girl :) Is that a first with a second girl, or a second with a first girl? Congrats either way."
"Year* We've been better than united for the last 2 years, hehe"
"The 5 second stun on his dark form is great for protecting carries, all I can say. Nautilus and urgot scream out at me, Please explain urgot more deeply, caress me with this knowledge, hold me close."
"""Bunny creep"" as my sister and I call it :) Ah yes, my boyfriend and I also love the sneaky walk"
"Ahhhhhhhhhh Washington, Washington. I heard that motherfucker had like thirty goddamn dicks."
Man that WC3 engine is weird sometimes. The Dota Difference Vol. 4 - Axe
One day cash will go cellular too. This telephone box is now an ATM
"Not a minute of therapy required. LPT: Constantly having homosexual fantasies? Get married and have kids, eventually your gay urges will go away."
Hardly... That's a huge stretch. Come on now.
So does this.. The first of everything new looks like shit... This will get better. First TV had a use.
This is the only question that matters Did the fucking happen?
FitBit. What is the most annoying commercial you've ever seen?
"How many upvotes do requests go for now days? My drawing of a Honda City Turbo II, plus a regular City with matching Motocompo!"
That is extremely cute They cannot handle the cuteness...
"Well, strap in, baby, because my name is Adam Scott Matthews. I really like the names Scott, Adam, and Matt. I don't know why, I just think they're hot names."
I was introduced as an infant How did you meet your best friend?
Billy the Kid was the greatest Charlie Chaplin film of the 20th century. Ken M on Billy the Kid
"Which means that he's correct...all of your blogspam self-posts remain unconfirmed complete bullshit, lies told by a wanna-be hacker (social engineering an old man's password is not ""hacking""), and still NOTHING about this indicates anything criminals by Clinton. Most of the intel leaks is assumed to come from Blumenthal's account. One leak that looks out of place is a Hillary $200,000 speaking contract pdf from ""The American Program Bureau."" That might have been obtained from one of Clinton's email accounts, Blumenthal's account or from another Clinton aide."
"Snake, bear, crocodile (though technically bear is an omnivore...) Which one? Wolf? Snake? Tiger? Eagle?"
on the shitter i use alien blue (5s) oddshots load normally. I got no pc in my bed or on the shitter though
"it's amazing the number of folks that do it though thinking they can get away with it. Yeah, that's a bit different though. That's rude. They don't deserve gratification from lies like that."
"That word....""keys""....I don't know how I feel about that...... Thanks brother for the keys ! have a nice day mate !"
"She's a good cook, but she can be a bit controlling from time to time... He just thinks she has adorable whiskers. ^(*No...that isn't right either...*)"
"bless up Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah You know what that mean?...Big booty bitch for you! Woo! Someone hook this fam up."
"One less thing we have to worry about! A jury Wednesday found NBA star Derrick Rose and two friends did not rape a woman, handing the men a victory in a high-stakes civil trial."
"It would not be uncommon, and you have to judge who seems most credible, with anything close to a tie going to the defense because of that reasonable doubt bit. Wouldn't most cases have conflicting testimony?"
"I'm talking about civilians. Yes, I remember the fun times with my shipmates hanging out watching Youtube on my patrol submarine."
"it's probably not just you, but you do need to realize that cars belong outside, on the roads, along the curb, in NYC, and so on... Is it just me, or would anyone else hate to leave such an amazing car parked along the curb? In NYC no less."
"Warwick still does dmg if you QSS him iirc Actually - Malzahars ultimate keep dealing damage after you QSS it, because I always have to walk out of his ult range to make his damage stop from getting on to me, but I can only guess for Warwick."
"fazbear fright auction, because the freddles What did you originally think FNaF 4 was going to be about? Right around when the first four teasers had begun to appear I had begun to speculate that FNaF 4 was going to take place in a museum. And the current ""Nightmare"" Animatronics were made of the pieces scrounged up from the remains of Fazbear Fright. I had also speculated that their creepy appearances were made to exaggerate the murders and deaths at Freddy Fazbear's Pizzeria. Something to lure in patrons. So, what did you guys think FNaF 4 was originally going to be?"
still after hunters for this? Advanced: The Scathing Shore looking for anybody who still needs this quest unlocked and maybe to hang around to farm rajang for a bit. 58-0122-2589-6085
OP is another poor fool in the vema pyramid scheme Verve partea. Best new insanely healthy energy! buy some on my back office it's basically an uncarbonated mango vitamin that tastes like heaven and tropical paradise. plus it's ACTUALLY good for you. *mangosteen superfruit is in it* :]
"Sorry, I misinterpreted the conversation The argument was that he was ""charming."" Jerking a man off in a studio of a shock jock is not something a charming man such as, say, Sir Ian McKellen would do. George Takei is a callous, crude, and incredibly uncharming man. His acting voice is suave and charismatic enough, but he's a graceless, tactless ass."
"And in doing the math, next year if I can stay under 35k taxable income ill not hit 25% rate. Sounds about right since you get a 9500 deduction on income, so only about 0-8500 is taxed at a rate of 10% and 8500-10000 at 15%, IE you paid about ~1000 in federal income tax from 19k income, which is close to 5%."
"Haha same I believe that's a joke about Britain leaving the Union. But I might be mistaken, I'm just a stupid American."
Yes this is the best legal way. Borrow from library!
"Common sense dont reals ""Graduates don't know what ""race"" and ""ethnicity"" are. #America"""
"I saw the guy that made the strain talk at a ted x talk in boulder and there was an even more remarkable story of a kid that went from a few seizures a day to none for 2 years straight. ""Marijuana stops child's severe seizures"" - not sure if this has been posted before, but this is truly a remarkable story."
"*lulz yeah i'm putting you on a thursday evening blast I already know what you're gonna say, okay? and just know that I did it for the lols"
I plan on buying a few extra Slave I's for the same purpose... Nice! Just ordered 2 from the online store! Hopefully will be at my place by the end of the week! What to do with the second...
"What time period does that go back to? There's a History of Pop Music class which I believe is only online. It's actually amazing, especially if you already have an interest in popular music. I loved it and got an A, not that it's a challenging class. Oh and I am a Biology major so no you don't need to be a music major. I also took intro to music theory once a few years ago and I would also recommend that course although it too was just online."
Woooo! Let's go Mets.
"I don't think he did - he mentioned that he was covered in blood but Ron had been asked about it in the past and he said that his lawyer told him to not discuss it until the statute of limitations passed. I'm pretty certain Minnesota Luke covers it in one of his 7 weird things in battle rap, but I can't remember if he had an answer."
Maybe it's just that they all have a common enemy. WikiLeaks trying to get on Trump's good side so his buddy Putin doesn't trade Snowden for Soros. Kek
Did you just assume the mod's gender? Are you questioning his sexual preferences!?!
[Citation Needed] Obama administration waterboards and nobody bats an eye. Trump administration doesn't rule out waterboarding and everybody loses their minds.
"Retribution for that 18 strikeout game. Man, the Cards have really branched out with their hacking game."
shit I was like oh shit that's a lot of money then I looked up his net worth and I was like oh shit that's not a lot of money to him and then I looked at the donations that I have made recently and I was like oh shit you haven't donated any money to the fight against ebola stop being so negative and then I look at my bank account and I was like oh shit I'm in college I'm broke.
I want items! Most stuff on the front page
It's ok... It was just a 55th term abortion. Fuck these savages. Who would kill a sleeping child?
It looks like the sorting hat after its porn debut. Today I baked my first cake. I think it went well.
"not for me worked first try I have chrome, still says I need to get an app"
Media talking about Obamas birth to avoid talking about hillarys death How did this all fall back on Trump? Did he bring it up again? What happened
"Im amazed you were able to find this thread without someone holding your hand through the clicking process. not that i feel any differently then you do about sitting on a hill miles away, but how do you go from telling him WE CAN PLAY HOW WE LIKE to telling him YOURE NOT ALLOWED TO PLAY THAT WAY."
"This is so bad, I had to upvote it :P More like Burrowvision amirite."
Kreygasm OH MY GOD
"It is known. I'm exactly that kind of asshole. You should know this by now, BFD."
"Now we are talking! Astralis on Twitter: ""As of today we are replacing @cajunbCS with @kjaerbyecs. Read more:"
"I was confused as well You first link, just links to a picture of an ad."
"So either give their life or stay in a mess that they didn't even create? Because they are the most able bodied? This is up to them. If they want freedom, fight for it. If not, rot in the shithole country they were born in. We have no obligation to help migrants."
"Didn't they just give Gragas the Lux treatment with the last patch? Simple balance change to Lux just needs to give her the Gragas treatment on her E, make it do more damage than it does right now if she charges it up, and less if she detonates it instantly. I remember a lot of Lux players hating that they could never clear the back minions with E, this change would make it easier for Lux to wave clear but be less of a super long range bully in lane. Right now the damage from her E+Ult combo is insane"
"That would be so fucking nice. One day, the standard camera angle for the NFL will be the all-22 and it'll be possible to learn something from rewatching games."
"My favourite one was Effie's ""Uh huh huh huh~"" Made me hate her voice even more! Everyone Laughing"
at least he didn't call the fuzz Some people just get a little prickly about nothing...
This song always makes me incredibly happy. Passion Pit - Carried Away
leviathanathon wrote: Relationships are literally based on rom com plot points. celtic_thistle wrote: Because no woman and man are ever just friends without him secretly pining away for her and being cruelly rebuffed at every turn~
Then I'm almost there 900 is the max for noctis and requires max stat pots.
"Tatsumi, you know Bulat would never approve of you using his armor to peak on a girl ##WELCOME TOONAMI FAITHFUL! **What's on tonight?** --- | Time | Show | Episode | Number| |----------|----------|----------|----------|----------| **12:00AM** | **Dragon Ball Z** | *The Final Trump Card! Goku's Ultimate Spirit Bomb!* | 46 out of 159 **12:30AM** | **Akame ga Kill** | *Kill the Newcomers* | 12 out of 24 **1:00AM** | **Parasyte -the maxim-** | *The Stranger* | 5 out of 24 **1:30AM** | **Michiko &amp; Hatchin** | *The Fool's Ballistic Samba* | 18 out of 22 **2:00AM** | **Naruto: Shippuden** | *Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken!* | 88 out of Ongoing series **2:30AM** | **One Piece** | *Goodbye My Dear Underlings! Franky Departs!* | 322 out of Ongoing series **3:00AM** | **Kill la Kill** | *Trigger* | 5 out of 25 --- And don't forget to hashtag (#) your favorite show on Twitter while it's on air! #Toonami --- Remember the rules, have fun, and stay gold. Only Toonami. ---"
I don't have words for this nqwkejbfc qoiudbc lhqwebd cohsbdfoib sdf Bouncy Cheesecakes
"I stopped by the one in Vacaville and didn't see any raw denim other than some PRPS for $35. PSA: Shockoe Atelier Denim on Major Sale at Saks 5th Ave I was browsing around Saks 5th Ave in NYC, and noticed they have Shockoe Atelier denim for around 75% off. Pick up a pair of Rainbow Nep for just over $80!"
Yeah I think that might be it. May be the blush - some before you have said that a cool toned blush would work better and I agree :)
True but I wish they would stick it out or ask me to offer mercy. It still gives them a loss though if the game disconnects.
"Sometimes the entirety of the teachings people follow can be characterized as evil, and thus those who are good among those followers are the ones who actually aren't following the true teachings of that philosophy but are rather twisting that philosophy to make it more palatable to their sensibilities. It's a demonstration that you can't just castigate an entire religion and its followers because some of them are pretty evil."
"It's a bit ridiculous to get legend with less than 50% winrate anyhow. I agree with what you're saying in general. No bonus stars at rank 5+ in same patch as well. I was at rank 6 so 6 more wins needed is 10 more games at 60% winrate. Doesn't seem bad at all but with a &lt;= 50% winrate (i.e., half the player base), the changes are very significant."
"I don't want to ruin anything, but those were the best opening credits ever. I almost cried when i saw thw opebing scene and i dont even know why"
Polls probably closed Why was the post removed? Can anyone repost? I'm scared
"hap borfday It's my birthday. Just like last year, I want to do a welcome thanks post. Basicly, just send all your love to me for today, since it's my birthday. I also got presents, a shitty bluetooth speaker, Razer DeathAdder Chroma, FNaF:TSE, Steelseries QtK+ mousepad, blah blah, and also $400 from my parents. Send in your love to me!"
"Bingo, it's not reddit I like, it's the people here. Ideally it'd be run by the mod team here and have a community like this. So yeah, I'm probably never switching over."
"""No, he's normal."" Asking the REAL questions to find a good relationship"
still better than overddosing... As I'm watching this I'm just picturing him talking to his computer screen laughing and talking to no one. Meanwhile his friends call 911 for Overdosing SoloQ.
The brightest timeline. If the season ended today either the Oilers or Coyotes would get to the second round.
"o shit this isnt an april fool Yo, fam, did everyone know that Amazon has a ton of Pablo shirts and hoodies and stuff?"
"Yeah sure keep the pheramosa LF: Pheromosa, Celesteela FT: Kartana, Buzzwole [Tradeback] So I tried once earlier but stupidly went out, so here goes again. I'm just looking to complete my Dex, any help would be appreciated, can also trade away a Kartana for good because I have 4 but none are any useful natures, sorry!"
"He tweeted today saying he ""felt good"" I made myself sad too I really want some updates about that. Bosh easily my favorite PF in the game next to Blake."
"Words I lived by when I was in middle school. Try to stay out of fights, but if you ever have to then kick their ass."
"Let's not forget, they effectively PAID the second hacker, thereby making his thieving business all the more lucrative. ShapeShift Internal controls * preventation = completely inadequate * detection = completely inadequate Results * got hacked **three times** in a month Bitcoin Media * Congratulations! You guys are a great symbol of security! What in the fuck is wrong with these people seriously?"
Unnecessary fear mongering. Surrey youth speak out about weapons in schools | News Talk 980 CKNW
"As a Christian myself, I share your sentiment. I'd probably be supporting Cruz if he didn't give me that spacey evangelical vibe. Sorry if that offends. I don't mind religious folk or their right to practice but I can't stand religion or the sound of 'testifying'."
"Easy there, Bill. i want seraph to have bigger tits and ass"
"Kristin Chenoweth, March 11th at the Thousand Oaks Civic Arts Plaza What concert?"
These remind me of 1996 for some reason. Been told my really surreal artwork would be appreciated here
"Well, they fixed the tediousness of the boat and changing wind direction in Wind Waker HD... So if they can fix the tediousness of the Wolf sections and whatever else then I'll give it a shot. Twilight Princess HD may have been just leaked!"
"I love how people downvote this... Sorry but no I wouldn't consider it because I fundamentally disagree with the message and since I'm not a feminist anyway, I find it offputting. Not everything in life needs to be ""tried on"" or considered. I don't need or want sociology in my gym life. Anywho, no harm done, be well and happy lifting :)"
"2edgy Who cares now. This is the same newspaper that sat on the NSA survaiance story until Snowden broke it wide open in a foreign newspaper. This is just a corporate controlled Wall Street soapbox rag. We used to have a free press on this country, now we just have news space for sale for money."
This is the only stat that matters TBH Sanchez: 1/1 8 yards
The walls are always grayer on the other side. I love prison so much I want to be here without getting paid for it.
I would say that it's a bit ironic (or whatever it is) since they're on a man made road. Defending their turf at Yellowstone
"It would be more better if you can buy Snowglobes from MP shop You're not, but snowglobes become incrementally less useful as you rank up and finish your teams. Latent tamadras are at least ""worth"" 20k MP even though they are technically farmable. If Gungho wanted to change level 5 rewards, I think it would've been fine to put the snowglobe as the level 3 reward because this way it is more accessible to lower-ranked players who need it more. Technically the reward from level 3 would remain as monster XP."
"Hi stumped I'm dad I don't know, maybe? I'm stumped."
Sam Newman Who wore it better?
"is your weed not helping, maybe change the strain, just be carefull with painkillers.. can't say if you are over empathic or just a troll as someone who lives with chronic pain and is in the middle of a horrible flair up right now, ill take some of that shit."
not in the hole thats for sure After photos?
"I've gotten 0 from 8 runs How rare is it to get PoE exotics from the PoE Challenge? I've gotten Lord of Wolves, Dreg's Promise, and, Queenbreaker's bow (in that order) three PoE's in a row. My friends I was doing it with didn't get anything. Did I get REALLY lucky or something or is this normal-ish?"
"But... reddit is a news site with a comment section. I would question anyone who reads, let alone gives any weight to news site comments."
In some areas that probably means no customers. then dont allow random weirdos in.
"I wouldn't say he's salty as much as he is sad, since he stated earlier that S4 was one of the people he wanted to play with the most He's just salty because S4 rejected his invitation to join Secret."
Jealous 49ers fans I bet Who downvoted you?
"honestly.. I wonder if there would be enough interest in donating to a non profit group that goes to small villages in third world countries and neuters dogs.. heh Thanks for understanding my perspective. I'm definitely also pro-neutering dogs, in case you were wondering."
I think real people can want whatever the fuck they want. Found this gem on Facebook.
"I feel like I've been lucky, the few I've had have paid attention to my pleasure and tried hard to get me off, the problem for me is I'm generally drunk and tired and just want to sleep.... My bad. Pay no attention to my pleasure."
Same glad you let us know
WE HAVE MASSIVE GIRTH AMAZING! #HilllaryForPrison IS TRENDING ON TWITTER! THEY CAN'T STOP IT!!
**Ironic we're** So then I guess all my years of schooling and education we're wrong.
"We all make mistakes, homie. haha sorry my mistake. Mash Bolt was the first cinelli bike that popped in my head"
This is true You mean drafting and buying a bunch of WR's and one RB and not investing in your O-line isn't working? Who would've guessed.
"You don't have 4th Amendment protections from telcos Huh, but telcos already have access to derived/inferred real time cell location based on cell tower connections.."
"I doubt they would either, therefore we can vote in favor of it, but just because we believe it, doesn't mean it shouldn't be voted on and that we aren't overlooking some issue. Everyone should pay taxes. And as citizen we all have the right to voice our opinion on things that affect us as citizen. I highly doubt two gay couple falling in love would affect the country"
*hath Praise! This act of swole has inspired me brother!
"wat? Lena - Satellite, Eurovision winner 2010, has a secret message regarding her anus (skip to 1:55)"
I don't think that was a bad call either =) Agreed... But I'm worse. I think it was the right decision to edit Hayden into the celebration scene in RotJ.
They still might get even lower. Don't forget the VW stocks
LOOK AT THIS GUY HE'S GOT A COWORKER! Computer Engineer Barbie is REAL! (my coworker)
"As someone who doesn't use a lockscreen, did the update disable the ability to bypass the lockscreen?^**pleasesayno** M7 Unlocked (USA) recieving Lollipop update"
"Disable AV, or it auto scans cuz you used chrome just use Firefox or IE **shudder** How do you know scan it, it automatically does it on my computer"
"My favourite album of all time. Not a song, but an album. ""Kezia"" by Protest the hero tells the story of a woman set for execution from three different viewpoints and then from an overall perspective. I think it's one of the most creative albums out there. Gonna listen to it tomorrow now."
"Upvote for nostalgic feelings invoked :) Hell yeah, I do those fools like red rover"
"Cycling is the greatest high, and some of us cyclists sure are addicted. ""Oh my god, how is he doing that?"" (x-post from r/funny)"
This is horrible Three More Men Step Forward Accusing Afrika Bambaataa of Sexual Abuse
"You can never have enough balls! Guy was trashing someone because he kept picking Zenyatta, I love playing Zen so I immediately switched and we started as a 4 man Zen game, was absolute *destruction* we took the first point on Volskaya so fast"
Badmouthing isn't fun when you've spent a year building something up that's a very defensive comment.
"thatsnothowitworks.jpeg Libertarians should nominate Rand Paul for President if they really wanted to make a splash. With the Republican Party in disarray, nominating Senator Rand Paul could help the Libertarian Party get the national exposure."
"Wraith had a 60% wr Monster players are going to improve ASWELL not just hunters Effects of patch on wraith gameplay Before the patch there were a lot of complaints about how broken the wraith was. Many were also whining about how they might as well sit at the power relay until 3 because of its mobility. Due to the new patch, (if played correctly) the wraith is going to be even harder to find because now they need to play with extreme caution. I just played a game as the wraith, had 75% increased smell range, I could literally see the hunters from half way across the map. They never even got close to seeing me and could never use the new ""sneaky silent dome"" because I would always juke them. The game was pretty well balanced before at nearly a 50/50 win rate. Now that more people have been understanding how to play and the monsters just got nerfed a ton with minor hunter buffs, I bet we will see the monster win rate drop or more people complain. The game was balanced before, I feel there is going to be a huge upset in monster players. Let me know what you think, I love the game but it bothers me when people complain so much because they aren't willing to work as a team."
"You guys are hilarious. Ya, killing people who are actively working on terror plots against Americans is *horrible.* Also, NOT killing people who are actively working on terror plots against Americans is horrible."
If he suddenly got good on defense like Marc did then the same should be said for him too. What about Okafor?
How did you know he wasn't handicapped? I asked a definitely-not handicapped man to move his car. This is where he moved it to.
HP Gateway Coleco Adam What's the most shitty brand of computer you had and why?
"I know *I* didn't feel like going out dancing after we lost the superbowl. absolutely. Players, coaches, GMs, even owners, all come and go. Die hard fans are in for life. Hell I would bet half the time fans take losses harder than some players do."
"Thank you. The wonder of childhood is about all the ""firsts"" in life. Transition is the exact same."
HOLY LOVE OF PINEAPPLE PIE Comeback Stage: Red Velvet - Lucky Girl (Mnet M! Countdown 160908)
4 sv_timebetweenducks
hot wheels logo looks out of place R35 WIP... Opinions?
Yep. So does that count for Cobb on ESPN?
Only Hodor can call Hodor Hodor. I am not sure sensitivity to the disabled is high on the Westerosi agenda
God damn :( They are getting a good one for sure. Hate to see him go so soon. Congrats to Ari
And here I thought the Portal fortress I made was doing something. No. Jeb admitted on Twitter a while back that they never implemented it.
Big Money! No Whammies!
"Hmm didn't know that, thx for the info. What's even more interesting is that Bernie never even used marijuana. He said he tried it when he was younger but didn't like it. But even then, he still doesn't think it should be illegal."
Happy hour? whats at 5 PM?
"jinbe vs crocodile, the battle of ex shicibukai Looking at this pic, what comes first in your mind ?"
"I watch with subtitles and they alerted me to the fart before it happened, literally with the word fart. HAHAHAH YEAH! I thought I heard a fart!"
"I love that you needed to preface that with you not being a fan of cats when it wasn't necessary. You know, I'm not a huge fan of cats. But you can just look at that cat and see that he loves that boy. Good for him."
BD with only 8 snares? Blue Devils 2016 Sneak Peek
"Why would less AA ever create a performance cost? You can likely get it to achieve a tweaked ultra. My secret is that I never ever use presets. I use SMAA so I can get away with lesser or no AA at almost no performance cost. I find what has no visual impact to turn down and get some more frames that way. That's how I ran games at what was effectively their best-looking state on a GTX 560, including Metro Last Light at Very High quality. Granted, it was a pretty steady 30 FPS, but I settled because it was pretty. A 750 Ti will be more than enough for really good settings."
"I smell another Mia Farrow in the making; I could be wrong, but it's a gut feeling. This whole thing stinks of a cash grab. No one complains for decades while he's famous, then one woman does years later once he's an easy target for a lawsuit and suddenly there's a big bandwagon onboard. The most likely scenario (which is very common amongst celebrities) is he was aggressive but not forceful, and these women were willing because he's a celeb, but they later regretted it and felt ashamed so now they call it abuse to cash in. A common ploy because people know the braindead public is all too willing to accept that women are always poor defenseless sexual victims."
"Or, how about ""Whoops."" How to lose friends and push away people"
Blue 2008 40th anniversary kit. What is the best kit United have ever had?
"Tyson Fury, Floyd Mayweather, and Paulie Malignaggi are the funniest to me. Best shit talker? With more patter than 'Yeeeah. LETS GO CHAMP!'"
"Kanto trainer shipwrecked in Johto, becomes champion of both regions, gets all 251 mon, now needs to beat e4 so we can go back to PBR So I haven't been here since Emerald started, fill me in on the story of the current one"
Where have u been when I crafted all the murlocs?D: Forward this post to all your facebook friends within 60 seconds or you will get only Murlocs in all your packs !
"Results are coming in thick and fast, and are pretty much what I expected, but the opinions on rewards and cog HQs surprised me a little. I made a survey! If you would like, fill out your response."
"We need to lock him up on a 5 year deal asap! Adreian Payne Full SL Lowlights: 6-20 FGAs, 3 TOs, -3. CONFIRMED GOAT!"
"you'd have to be following GG even less than me (and i've paid little attention to it) to know that it wouldn't be brought up in this ama. Are there any places that are not prone to GG-drama? If you're thinking ""Well, maybe the Jimmy Wales AMA"", then think again!"
"""To reserve space"" Are you confusing encryption with compression? This shows what flagrant misunderstanding and deliberate, dangerous, and willful ignorance our members of Congress engage in on a regular basis. I've said it with increasing frequency -- our government is constantly looking for solutions to problems that have largely either resolved themselves or have been irrelevant 30+ years ago. And this? This is just proof. They have no understanding of how technology works or what encryption even really is or stands for. Newsflash: Any data transmitted is encrypted, one way or another, to reserve space. It's not just for obfuscating potentially dangerous or sensitive information..."
"Crysis with HD textures, Crysis 3, Metro Redux, The Witcher 3, GTA V, Rise of The Tomb Raider, Star Citizen(Alpha warning) Just joined the master race, I want to know what the most graphically intensive PC games are . I want to buy some games, not battlefield 1, which are graphically awesome so what would you recommend me?"
Yep just woke up to it and now installing(Australia) Just got my Marshmallow update! Anyone else got it?
he means if they can no longer win another presidential election. How is the GOP in danger of dying? Thirty percent of america identifes themselves as conservative.
"Allied Assault had you spawn with a Thompson. This *is* Allied Assault on the PC, isn't it?"
"Obviously. Minus the *""I love it!""*-part."
Benespez Cumberedit Picket fence cucumberpatch
"You're either completely delusional, smoke too much weed or 16 Yes, anywhere we have military presence we are imposing on those places while stealing land and resources. Even if those countries are allies and say at fine, we're still imposing and usurping land and resources. As far as Daesh is concerned, they exist explicitly BECAUSE of colonialism and imperialism, unless you have no context of history. I'm not saying we shouldn't fight them but the way to do it at this point is not ""occupy"" them."
I am pleasantly surprised to hear that being played at AT&amp;T I GOT 5 ON IT
"One thing to school them all i.e., they already got paid. But now that the movies are such a huge success, they're but hurt they're not getting any more. That's how I read it anyway."
Move to South America where dollar goes much further and retire into crippling alcoholism in my late 30s. What are your goals for the next 5 years?
"Maybe he lost his arms. No clue why, but I read the title as ""My Mom"" not ""My Wife"". Doesn't matter till you get to the ""haven't nut in a week"" photo. Started questioning the relationship."
"That blows my mind a little bit as I assumed that it was a one-off and not something made from a published pattern. I have the same ""I'm having a crisis"" but have a different animal (i have no idea what it's supposed to be)"
Heard dat Tonight's episode was the best of the season. Absolutely hilarious.
"Eh, now it looks like every other sport bike. FZ-07'R' - I need one of these now"
You got it champ :) Moms spaghetti?
"""Hiko | Burger Spray."" Galil AR Tuxedo FN for the best name for my new AK"
"IIRC kill reward is still $100 Yes, other than the damage. Same fire rate, old kill reward and same ammo. 12/12"
Or the dankness? Or the darkness.
Kinda reminds me of ender's game. This was the view of the League of Legends finalists in front of a sold-out world cup stadium in Seoul. - E-Sports
Garnett would be proud. LeBron James stuffs Curry after the whistle
Fake and gay This automod and flair shit is so fucking gay. Like really really gay
;) (Jedi hand wave)
"He streamed a game when he was versing Phreak as Draven vs Caitlyn a couple weeks ago I think. Tyler1 definitely has not been streaming league. Twitch would permanently ban him if he did. That being said, Shaclone is not nearly as entertaining as tyler1, but there is still market for toxic streaming."
* 12MB Voodoo 2 (3dfx) * 32MB GeForce 2 MX (nVidia) * 128MB 9700 Pro (ATI) * 256MB x850 Pro (ATI) * 512MB 8800GT (nVidia) * 512MB SLI 9800GTX+ (nVidia) * 1GB 5870 (AMD) * 1GB Crossfire 5870 (AMD) * 3GB 7970 (AMD) * 3GB Crossfire 7970 (AMD) List the GPUs you've owned starting from the oldest I've noticed a pattern with mine Geforce FX 5200 Radeon 9700 Pro Geforce 6800 XT Radeon X1950 XT Geforce 9800 GT Radeon HD 6850 Geforce GTX 970
"Why don't they do something along the lines of Madden where you can download the latest roster and ratings. No matter what the cut-off date is, it will always be too early. It's not like sports, where there's an off-season, and an expectation of where the company will be when the game is released. You know certain players are going to certain teams in sports. You can program definate ""last season"" stats in, because there's an end date that they won't/can t push past. Baseball players have no December stats. Wrestling just keeps moving forward, keeps changing, and won't stop just to stay the same for the sake of a video game that 20% of their audience will buy. For this reason, I always have said that WWE games shouldn't follow the yearly release schedual. They should come out with a main game engine once every 3-4 years. They should then just release roster updates for that game every 6 months. Even if it's just DLC. Maybe a guy changes his gimmick totally. Imagine playing in 1998 with mankind, but he has his 1997/1996 look and gimmick. Wrestling changes fast. Too fast for software programers to keep pace. Just release a $60 game, and a $20 year pass. Then just release content every few weeks. Stat updates, costume updates. Storyline additions. Season mode additions. Whatever. Just make that $20 your pass for the the year, and every year you can either have an outdated game, buy individual DLC for $2 and $5, or, pay $20 and always be up to date. I haven't bought a WWE game since 2014. I may have bought some DLC had it come out recently. So WWE has made $0 on me from video games since roughly April of 2015. I think thats when I bought the ultimate warrior DLC. Point is, thats over a year of not spending ANY money on your video game properties, when you may have made $20-$40 on me. I hate the fact that my game is so outdated. The game may have came out in November of 2014, but the cutoff was probably around March of 2014. So the sheild are still a thing, half the roster is only there as DLC. I think the server might be gone. And yet, I won't buy a new WWE game until they make two things. 1) Create a championship 2) Defend created championships online against friends. Lets make that a thing in WWE games."
"Sooooo, repetitive questions? People are downvoting because it is the same damn questions over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again."
No I'm mad because Dunkey is fucking obnoxious. Mad because you get focused by every pro genji? :)
"White or nantucket red chinos, boat shoes, OCBD, navy blazer with gold buttons. Rich kid look? A friend of mine needs to look like a yacht club kid for a school play, any suggestions on a look or style?"
"Maybe a spoiler tag for those who havn't played Adventure Mode yet? Raining Frogs made Chapter 1 difficult, didn't survive long."
"if hemp is anything like weed, they dont like lots of water Nice. As if the water shortage on the Navajo reservation wasn't bad enough. Let's start a cash crop that uses six gallons of water per plant per day because fuck it, why not. How do these morons get elected?"
"I do this too, get different flavors, they usually have at least one for 33. If you like Monster Energy drinks, they occasionally have a good deal on them. A few times, I've bought a 24 pack for $33. Be careful though, because they're not always that cheap. I just checked and now the same thing is $48. That's not any cheaper than I can get them at Walmart or a gas station such as Sunoco or Speedway. Same with cat food. I've gotten a 14 pound bag of Grain-Free Nutro cat food for $20 (incredible price), but it's now going for $31. There are some good websites that track Amazon prices (try Camel Camel Camel), and they can be useful. Enjoy Prime, I love it!"
"ESA's budget is also much smaller than that of NASA. As demonstrated by ESA, a bunch of bueraucracy, and an underfunded science mission once in a while. National pride is a major motivator unfortunately. Take that away and the good intentions whither."
"Does your cat have white socks, but on only one of the feet, a black patch? I put a decoy laptop up thinking I was clever..."
"""The Mexican"", starring Brad Pitt Imma make a movie, it's gonna be called, ""The Last Nigga on Earth"", starring Tom Hanks."
"Good taste. Favourite FE is Radiant Dawn Favourite characters: FE4: Lewyn atm I'm only at ch 8 FE6: ~~Barth~~ Echidna FE7: Matthew FE8: Gerik FE9: Nephenee FE10: Nephenee FE11: idk Ogma I guess FE13: Gregor FE14: Leo Favourite class: Halberdier Favourite character traits: um idk I don't usually like to generalise these things, but I usually like the generic ladies man character."
EVERYONE KNOWS SIMPLY DELICIOUS
"It would appear that you did not read the entire article, cause Guy was visibly (and olfactorily) drunk on public transport, not in control of himself, overstepping many alarming personal boundaries with another passenger who indicated she did not want to be disturbed. Policeman turns up, politely asks if he can talk to Guy on the platform to figure out what his deal is, guy does not comply, policeman gently insists for a long time, cannot physically remove the guy as he resists cooperation, officer finally resorts to taser to remove suspicious belligerent uncooperative drunk. I see nothing wrong here at all."
No but car crash victims and other facial trauma victims can have this happen where the bone and teeth are basically held in place by fucked up bloody gums. That sounds like a complete nightmare. Have you experienced this yourself?
"yea Imagine if we put in the backup, and won just 3 more games so we had favre in 2009 still AND that defense Well, I think I did this X after he left, so i could still wear it haha. Lets be honest though he never wanted to really be a Jet, we just help get him released so, he had no ties to the packers."
"Weird to complain about Apple not innovating Yeah, it is. and?"
"Does this actually happen in Mexico, or was it just random nonsense from Bill Murray? It's bad luck just seeing something like that!"
"Italy miles ahead of everyone in terms of performance I thought England played very well just got unlucky Austria and Belgium were awful Now that all the teams in the Euros have played a game, who's looking the strongest and weakest?"
LUXURY AUTOMATED
"And also put smartcasts on from the start to learn to play like that-later it will be far more difficult. Here's an underlooked tip I like to give for new-ish players: If you haven't already, unlock your camera now and start trying to play that way! If you're me and played almost 6 months with a locked camera it will be way more difficult when you try to switch over (and you'll need to eventually, trust me)."
Actually alcohol is drunk and weed is very often baked. Weed isn't baked. Alcohol isn't drunk. Holy shit this makes sense
They aren't wrong. Social media explained (x-post from r/FunnySupernatural)
"I just love how any negative review gets downvoted to hell in an OPINION thread. Nexus 6 owners, after the phone being out over a month now, what do you think of it? I would LOVE for whoever wants to to give an opinion on their Nexus. I'm looking to order myself one in the next couple weeks hopefully. What are the pros, cons? How's the battery? How's the camera? How's lollipop? What's lacking on the phone? Give me all the grisly details, I'd love to hear them! Thanks everyone! :)"
an empty car would look awfully suspicious But why would they? A self driving car shouldn't break any laws.
"#NAME? Aww, lil' guy's first edit."
Worst title I've seen in a long time. YOLO...
Where did you see that? Kendrick Lamar! Rumors of Kendrick Lamar doing a set?! Sayyy whaaat
Man of the Forrest I guess. my sister and her husband found this phallus in the Redwoods
"They will be special print on demand for the ironic hipsters of the 70s. It's fake, you can tell by the fact that it's a newspaper. Those don't exist in 2036, let alone 2072. I'm starting to doubt you've been to the future at all."
"""Let's teleport in plain sight of the enemy team, what can go wrong?"" ""Hey look, free kill!"""
"It's an archaic and destructive sentiment that has no place in civilized society. Its just an extencion of loyalty. I say extend it farthure. Instead of being loyal to a country, be loyal to the species as a whole."
"The answer is always Rajon Rondo. Who is one recruit your school missed on that broke your heart? Mine is Kyrie Irving. I know UK got Brandon Knight in that class, but, man, Kyrie is fun to watch."
I wonder if ship transfers will result in no T9 NPCs on conflict zones I wish ship transfer would come sooner. This keeps happening to me.
My favorite part was when woody was questioning his life while the other three were talking lmao great episode PKA 304 The Drinking Episode
Such as donating it to Reddit ;) Nothing basically. Gold is a huge disappointment. That money is better spend if you give it to a good cause.
"TV broadcasts reach a much larger number of people still, obviously they can have a web based service like most TV channels already do even in India. Damn! I was thinking exactly this in the day. What do you think about broadcasting this over the Internet? That would make it available globally without the hassles of real TV broadcast. I'll be thinking about this a lot."
Still waiting for the fall guy. President Bush's top intelligence officials nearly resigned over NSA surveillance concerns
If I had ovaries they would certainly burst Golden Ticket Sean Lee
"lol, yup will do. Great video - Clean your hob though!"
"Nah, Nagato is pretty fine even without Manual Secondaries, but her damage potential isn't really that good because her casemate secondary guns fire an AP shell, and not HE. So, dont go for brawler till captain is lvl 15 then, you'd say?"
"I thought I stumbled into another dimension where JG is still alive when I read the title. The Drop Official -Tom Hardy, James Gandolfini Movie"
"I'll have to admit, finally throwing some cash around is quite nice Doesn't mean shit until you guys actually win a world series throwing all that cash around."
"Teleported to an ARCHER dragging a godwall, insta'd my 6/8 wizard The Face I Make when I Teleport to a Knight Sitting on a Djinn"
"What if you've eaten elevensies, but haven't gotten to lunch yet? This is a *post*-lunch thread. Do try to keep up. If you are still eating lunch or have not eaten lunch yet you are not permitted to enter."
click into it with your right click then... Because some computers don't fully load up an alt-tabbed window unless you click back into it.
Mas nacional el hi5 El perro es MySapce
"Yeah say ""Fuck the owner"" and see if you ever get a job in the NFL again One day I just want a coach to release a statement after he is fired: ""Fuck the owner, fuck the GM, and fuck you too."""
"Great reference. As I said, whoever was winning. Like Chang in paintball."
upvote for the username I had a Budweiser ... kept me away from beer for years
Username checks in Any male over the age of 9 that still likes to watch My Little Pony should be ~~put to death~~ deported to Guantanamo Bay.
"Her ""friends?"" Couldn't text me when she was with her friends - did nothing but text her friends when she was with me."
He types like Kristen Stewart talks. So my friend just got this...
"so it is true then, tan fat does equal muscle Sunshine Keeps Us Skinny? A Little Sunlight Can Slow The Progression Of Obesity And Diabetes"
"I don't know for sure one way or the other, sorry. Was that event not rigged, stated by DE?"
i hate violence but sometimes you gotta smack a ho. 14 Year old Outclasses a Grown Woman who tries to assault him.
"I was so busy being an 80s man that I forgot to cure my Bonitis! My only regret, is that I have... Bonitis..."
"passionate kiss &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232; BBUS Episode Discussion - August 02, 2015 Discuss tonight's episode below! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
"LS intention: ""It doesn't matter what he's into, sexing animals or whatever"" All people heard: ""Xj9 is into beastiality confirmed"" LS - Opinion about XJ9"
Asians are pretty racist towards black america if you hadn't noticed Good. Can't wait to see how (((the media))) spins this to make someone named LIANG a racist.
That's what TAC and FAR do ;) I'm pretty sure there'll be a mod that adds hardcore difficulty to the career mode.
"My favorite is the old school game Escape Velocity:Nova, if you keep playing it after the 30 day trial period a super fast and heavily armed ship will start hunting and killing you repeatedly. The best in-game piracy punishments"
"you are pretty early in the game, catacombs is 4th area Could someone tell me how far i have gotten in the game and how much is left? I just beat the Abyss watchers and i am currently fighting the high lord skelleton guy. This took me about 5 hours, how much is left?"
What's shit yourself worthy about the CCC? That is the bridge I meant. No one asked.
"Nao tenho acesso aos depoimentos da delegacia, desculpe. fonte? evidencia?"
"proof? The ASEAN asks kindly that you do not attempt to annex Israel, as they are a Jewish and Muslim state and you have shown you enjoy to oppress specifically those cultures. There are better countries to begin seizing."
Well atleast we know if it was a hitman there was only one of them Film maker dies of sudden adult death syndrome during homeless project.
"we just find it incredibly pathetic that you have to comment here now because you care about credit that much, makes you look insecure as fuck. So first you downvote the guy stealing my comments, but now you downvote me when I actually post them myself? How does that make any sense at all?"
Neat. F-16 Fighter jet technology in new Turkish Saab 9-3
"No, not at all. Are any of these stamps valuable?"
"I guess when you've been in the desert surrounded by people who want you dead, one little blonde CNN reporter isn't going to intimidate you. He never wavered, it was glorious."
BOOM Jimmie Johnson Lowe's Christmas Inflatable
"It's not, 'et' is latin for 'and' - as in 'et tu brute?' I'm no expert, but I'm pretty sure ""and"" is not a latin word..."
"We'll see soon enough. As always, home team will win."
"I googled waffle house, and yes, they do seem similar. So, waffle house?"
"Yes, cool link and idea! Yes. I'm not proposing this as a good deal or something, but it's only a matter of time before tables like this become much cheaper. It's also interesting."
"You never know when you'll get a surprise rimjob ""And here we have two people discussing how they clean their assholes"""
Okay I know it's dangerous and stupid but I'm going to say this anyway: SQUEEEEEEEEEEEEE I CAN'T WAIT *cough cough* so yeah. Titanfall 2 ffficial single player gameplay trailer
Was the joke. Broly has a different father though
I thought Hamilton and hulk was ahead before the crash? He was supreme in Brazil 2012
"In almost every case you can kill an enemy mech faster with focused damage to one component than by vomiting LRMs at it and giving it the opportunity to torso twist or run behind an obstacle. lrm refire tool? There anything out there that will tell you which fires faster, hence which COULD do more damage, 2 lrm 20, 2 lrm 10 or 4 lrm 10 with the CD module"
rondo + cousins. Who complains more? Draymond or the Oracle crowd?
"I don't get this reference, please don't bite me. Or as JBJ would call it, ""a can of corn."" ;)"
You aren't happy with the Hawklings you already have? Chicago. Lucky fucks. Toews is from Winnipeg. I dream of him being on the Jets and having led us to 3 Stanley Cups. Gawd.
"I tend to agree with him on most things but yeah, he does have a few ""out there"" things...then again, who doesnt? I'm proud to see just how many highly intelligent people can see through him completely."
"They'll likely fill every slot, but the real fun will come in making gear builds like Diablo. Sort of, it's more complicated than that, but in many cases yes."
"A judge ruled on what already? The owner of the pit is in for a rude awakening. A judge already ruled on it, and by suing the victim, the pit owner is saying the judge made a bad call which they hate. I expect beagle lady will get all of her court fees covered, plus extra, plus a restraining order."
"University of Nevada Las Vegas Dota2 players at University of ___ Since TI5 just ended, this is probably a good time for people to make this thread since people will be entering a new school semester soon. CTRL+F to look for people from your university/college."
"Feel like a long white tee under the hoodie would look nice, but this is pretty dope Season 3 Hoodie // Mixing Seasons"
...joke still over head. RD is regularly voted the most popular around here. but i'll still fite everyone 1 on 1
Moon What are the best 'mind fuck' films to watch?
"I mean, I could link some rule34.... Choking on your mother's dick? Yeah, and yet I'm sure there's a subreddit for that."
"Cool ""Hearing some people say"" is a great way to collect your news and stay informed."
thank you :) Super no. It looks awesome!
Look up what rookie means in motorsport. Compared to two former WDCs with about 15 seasons each... they are rookies.
"You hate it because your sense of hearing tells you it is pure shit. No offense, but got dang I hate this damn song. From the moment it released and with increasing, hateful fervor ever since. I honestly never understood the appeal of this band."
"it seems a bit odd though.. plotting to a kill a man only to be beaten to the punch and then start mentoring his daughter I have seen the idea that he was in the black cells to kill Ned, as Ned was to be sent to the wall. Then Ned died. Must have been an awkward trip for him."
"When the cool thing to have costs like 30$, everybody want to show they're the cool kids. Can we cool it on the Stormy Grey posts? I'm getting real sick of your shit guys..."
"And remember when clinton told wall street to ""cut it out"" and we were all supposed to be satisfied with that?... I still don't understand why people a satisfied with his ""stop it"" comment in response to racist attacks around the country that ensued after he was elected. Really? Stop it? That's all you have to say? I have a feelings he's going to react to all civil rights issues in that half-hearted manner."
"Any is unreasonable. They would be much better off if they just made them pick up trash, shovel snow, and plant trees for 12 months. Any missed days and deportation."
"Kratom has many of the same dangerous effects as opioids, including respiratory suppression, especially when taken with alcohol. I'm just curious as to the implication of the phrase ""kratom related deaths"". I wasn't aware there was lethal potential."
"A gym body is certainly not what attracts ALL girls. ""Self confidence is sexier than six abs"". So why every girl I've became a friend goes crazy with models and gym guys who have them? Why they share their pics on only-girls whatsapp groups? I'm calling bullshit on this affirmation. I'm not mad at anything (I'm a very healthy and happy guy in a long term relationship), but six abs and a fit body does attract ALL Girls and helps a lot when you want to get them to your bed."
"well that's just fucking stupid Morrowind has dropped from ""Overwhelmingly Positive"" to ""Very Positive"" on steam due to the paid mods fiasco"
or when he defends someone. Does anyone else cringe now every time Markieff gets the ball?
"Whatever makes the most money. What is the criteria for selecting champs for Challenger series skins? The current ones are Ahri and Nidalee. Are they like the ""lesser"", buyable version of victorious skins, with the champs decided the same way? Was just hoping for challenger karma, but I don't know how they pick who gets them."
Well spotted :) Subtle foreshadowing...
"Eyeliner mainly, it's typically tattooed on. What are permanent cosmetics?"
I'm available today to trade. I'll be online in around an hour.
"I *donut* understand your *hole* reasoning as to why you shouldn't eat your *hole* self. Awh come on man, donut eat yourself"
I smoke because I have schizophrenia and it lessens some of the symptoms. Smokers of reddit why do you smoke?
"""Too good to be true."" If a random attractive girl asked me to have sex out of the blue I'd think I was about to get mugged by her 6'2"" boy friend, or start looking for the cameras."
Really disproving my thesis there... *slow clap...
Glenn Beck says Trump will start his own news network full of followers looking for reasons to be angry and violent Trump's beginning to transition his campaign into a media entity. He's laying the groundwork for Trump News.
I just hope they also make it f2p so I can buy backpacks and food too! Nah he's gonna totally change the game for some reason and make combat all hotbars and cool downs. It's gonna be great.
Sadly enough ll a thousand creeps randomly hitting keys on a typewriter produces is never ending content for this subreddit. Isn't there a theory about that? A thousand creeps randomly hitting keys on a typewriter will eventually produce some good erotica. Or something like that.
"I can tell you're on Team Art because of how you used ""it's"" instead of ""its"". Nintendo: ""We'd like to simultaneously announce the next splatfest teams, as well as it's winner, Art."""
anyone else read the story in a thick Asian accent? Jackie Chan on his best moment ever
"Apologize to every cat and dog that ever walked in on me whackin' it while I just kept going. You suddenly develop the ability to communicate with all animal life, what do you do with this new found power?"
"My guess is that they'd building small ICs with this circuit and glue them directly to the back of the photodiodes... Assuming this isn't just 4/1 festivities. Ah thanks. I understand. I guess someone will make a small board with all this integrated. But it's like 44 pieces for each IR sensor? And see, for me as a programmer the timing, discrimination and protocol is actually the incredible simple stuff :D"
"The maliciousness came from the VP's office. I disagree. While Bush wasn't good, the thing that turned me against the GOP was all the shit that came after. In my mind Bush may have bungled things, but I don't believe he was malicious. I cannot say the same for today's republicans."
Trump kicked a baby out of rally moments after telling mother he liked its crying. What happened yesterday?
Ludicrous speed go! Reminds me of space balls!
To be fair my falling bosy has probably killed a few who were just walking by when i dropped in I don't think we'll ever explore the city. The civilians are afraid of us.
Delete the windows virtual machine off your Mac. HOW DO YOU UNINSTALL IE!!!
"PC What platform? PS3, Xbox or PC?"
Mirror? Girl gets scarred for life at the Safari Park
"I agree I don't know if this might bring problems for Sansa and Jon down the road... People are missing a huge component of Lord Umber's battle cry ""who owns the North?"" Unlike what people were saying in spoilers, this wasn't him telling that to Ramsay, that was him telling it to his own men. During the battle of the Bastards, the major houses of the North didn't see themselves as fighting the Starks, they saw themselves fighting Wildlings. I actually kind of like this twist, it's quite realistic and shows how the North's hatred for wildlings blinds them."
"If this thing was like ~4.5 oz I'd buy it in an instant. Hello, Marty McFly."
"The invisible walls are throwing me off hardcore. Is it just me or Ascension feels so smooth? The abilities, killing people everything to me feels smoother than Summoner's Rift. Thoughts?"
"Fixed it, sorry 'bout that. I think the link is broken"
"I'd like to see germany split into east and west in these diagramms, since it seems to me, that one very plausible explanation would be the influence of a certain Union of Soviet Socialist Republics Public support for equal marriage in Europe"
"If you see my history, this is the formation I wanted too see, bit of a different lineup though... I'm excited! Ronaldo - Bale Isco-Modric-Kovacic-Lucas Marcelo-Varane-Nacho-Carvajal Navas Thats actually a pretty good team."
I see a lack of fedora's though This post is like redditor starter pack.
They'll be back.... *they'll be back...* THE OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER HAVE OFFICIALLY BEEN ELIMINATED FROM PLAYOFF CONTENTION
in down
Halloween on the charles Is this an old school HOCR picture?
Well that's an ugly ass font. nanos JC3:MP - Scripting: Manipulating Time and Weather
"As a middle-aged kinkster, you also give less of a fuck what society, you mum or friends have to say about your conduct. I can believe it. I'm acquainted with a guy who is a dedicated nudist; he and his wife are swingers. (No, I haven't slept with them but they seem nice.) Anyway he is a reinactor whose day job is teaching kids about history. Nothing about him is creepy and I honestly can't imagine him being inappropriate towards children; he just parties really hard on his own time. I think a lot of swingers/kinksters are middle aged or older because they've gotten to a point where they are comfortable with themselves and no longer worry as much about having absolutely perfect bodies."
There is a megathread for this Oni Genji EU
"The man is obese, he just need to take care of himself a little more The Internet Wants to Know Why Donald Trump Is Sniffling (Again)"
"Maybe he actually quite likes those little problems, and considers it to be perfectly fine Or did he?"
"What did you use to make it? Thanks, glad you like it!"
"Now that would be a hard ticket to talk your way out of. Masturbated, while driving on the highway."
"Keep millions of Americans locked up in slavery. States' rights to do what, exactly?"
"yea, put account info in and it says ""there was an error completing your request"" is it telling you put in your account info? tahts what happen to mine and i keep getting error when i try to log in"
"I can get on board with this. If possible, sit on corners of a table. Easier to look around if you're not good at eye contact, without it seeming weird, you're closer together which gives a more intimate vibe, easier to go for the occasional touch for more connection and, if all goes well, grabbing the hand from this position isn't as intrusive."
"He gets paid for this... I went 4/5 can I be an analyst too Inside The NBA TNT - Who He Play For (October 29, 2015)"
"Regardless, if someone takes you, it's not going to be a win/win and when they do take you, they don't get an overcompensation because you went. That's because orbs are for a secondary boss which is not required to complete the quest. Scales are required to complete mandate."
"Hmmm your are on to something. It's almost like the people who control the mainstream media want us to hate Russia and view them as the big boogeyman. Hmm I thought the media's responsibility was to report the facts in an objective manner, not try to paint a narrative and tell us what to think."
"Wait, so if I want to emphasize thickness over width, should I be ditching the close-grip stuff? I mean that's nice and all but that's just not how it works anatomically."
Trying to distract from our own corruption... Look over there... Pot. Kettle. Black.
Religion. What can't you believe still exists in 2016?
Til that reddit carpet bans people who make autistic jokes. Oooohh. I thought he was saying OP is autistic.
"Fuck Mondays. Monday Moaning Thread? Couldn't see one, always love to participate in moaning with my fellow Brits."
your implication that you'd be disappointed if someone replied with 'Pizza Hut'.... Nothing. Who said there was?
"Durham, NC What City?"
"B-But, if OBSIDIAN made FALLOUT 4, there would be no *missed opportunities* because OBSIDIAN would allow you to treat every faction like crap and forgive you because you're the SPECIALIST PERSON ever, with NO PAST aside from the one OBSIDIGOD gives you through Chris Avellone's AMAZING NOT SELF INSERT Ulysses, who was originally going to be a Legion companion to make them MORALLY GREY, like The Witcher 3: New Geralt Seeing as how some of these fools think that Far Harbor was a simple repeat of Point Lookout (some even think of it as fanfiction, so don't take them seriously), I'm willing to bet that they would've called a Memory Den DLC a simple repeat of Operation Anchorage, and declared it a Missed Opportunity to focus on other areas. There's no winning with these people. Bethesda is in a case of ""damned if you do, damned if you don't."""
"My sensitive Reddit brain can't handle stuff like this, OP Who the fuck says shit like that..."
Everyone in the Eastern Conference. Which Team is your team's biggest current rival?
"Considering the main trend in some recent sentences, I actually support the introduction of minimum sentences by law, whereas maximum sentences already exist. This is up to the judges. And if the state attorney isn't satisfied, there is always the mean of appeal. Everything is following due process."
unlaid? UNILAD stealing shit again
"AAAAAAND TO GO FULL CIRCLE, FUCK THE VIKINGS. NO. FUCK THE LIONS AS WELL."
"To harvest her squishy bits If anything we should be paying more attention to her, especially the fact that she killed a woman this year."
"Go to wheat farms around RS, some of them will have a portal to Puro-Puro, that's how you get in without Lost City quest, or you could just do the quest :\ Just got 83 hunter but havnt done lost city.."
Thank you. Probably about $350-$425 if you find the right buyer
I think there's a wackjob or two out there that would. There's not a politician in America who would support them if they pulled something like Oklahoma City or started killing cops. Which seems to be the biggest blow back fears.
"Cuba is hardly relevant to discussions of the ""western world"" which most people understand refers to North America and Europe. Cuba."
"3 is also very black-and-white compared to New Vegas from a writing/decisionmaking perspective. Some of this is opinion and people will violenty disagree. Also it will be apparent I am heavily biased towards one (don't get me wrong, I love both but I very much prefer NV). I'll try to list the more objective stuff first: Objective (keep in mind NV was the later game so it is going to be more refined) NV has iron sights for gunplay. * NV has ironsights (in my opinion this makes shooting a lot more fun). * NV has not just a simple damage mechanic but how well a gun will go through armor plus the damage it does. * Armor also is done a little differently (Some one else can probably explain better) * NV has a lot more crafting in the game. Particularly of stuff like ammo and healing kits and drugs and stuff like that. * NV has mods for weapons. * I might have missed it but I didn't see NV have much of anything if anything in the way of crafting actual weapons though. But that could just be I missed it. * Hardcore mode: Where you have to sleep/eat/drink, medical aids don't heal you instantly, followers die * Oh, followers don't die (save hardcore mode) * NV has reputation as well as karma. Just cause you have good karma won't make you loved by a good character if you have bad reputation with the faction he is associated with. (same thing about evil characters and the factions they are associated with). * NV has different factions you can align with and this vastly affects your ending. You can join the ""evil side"" (you can't really join the bad guys in 3). * NV seems to have a lot more skill checks than 3 and not as focused on combat as the problem solving solution as 3 (for example there is a few times where you will use a medicine check to heal people, well if you are with the right faction. And not just in speech options). * NV has quests you can unlock for each follower that tells you of their story. The Subjective. * New Vegas has a better story. 3 has a better atmosphere (3 really has that apocalypse feel though I like NV's as well). Most people agree with the latter, the former is a little more contested. * Also 3 is more focused on making you feel like you saved the world. * New Vegas has a more nuanced story and you really can't have everything happily ever after (it's not as much as Witcher about this but there isn't any one main story ending at least that is totally good). Because of nuance, you can get in many discussions on who was the best option to support (For me that is proof of how the writing is way better). * NV has better character writing. * NV just in general seems to focus more on allowing better RP."
"If the cops book you for possession of drugs, regardless of if you have any in your system or not, then why shouldn't your parents punish you? That's retarded. Why not do a piss test?"
"Maybe that was just when he forgot his son's birthday, lol I'm really excited for the worst thing in survivor history."
"And that's the way the cookie crumbles ""And that's the way it is..."" Walter Cronkite's final sign off."
Like roses? I'm able to grow certain plants
"Um, what? Possible new ADC item? People remember Zed's kit so he doesn't abuse this one as well. *cough bork"
man if i was an asg goalie i would let in anything scott dished at me just so the nhl would have to write a headline about his five goal night. JOHN SCOTT HAT TRICK HYPE TRAIN
"I would not get near to one of those turtles their jaws can mess you up bad. Turtle just minding his own business, when suddenly...!!!"
Or dota 2 Someone plays CS:GO.
Too the moon! Our dank memes will die when it is time to explore the galaxy.
"Holy crap, I'm in love with that helmet! Rogue season 16"
You retarded fucking little pricks. I'm totally uploading pics of every black statesperson and public figure I can think of.... as well as screen caps from 'Demolition Man.' Problem England?
"Wake up SHEEPLE! TIL that Pink Floyd's 1977 album Animals is loosely based on George Orwell's political fable Animal Farm, and its lyrics describe various classes in society as different kinds of animals: the combative dogs, despotic ruthless pigs, and the ""mindless and unquestioning herd"" of sheep."
upvote for pun! Well if we learned anything tonight its that Njie is a brilliant dribbler.....
ima profit off you like that gioson guy did off of the miner post Megaminion being part of the Giant-Poison meta now
I'd drop Fister for Nelson. 8 team Pitching looks like this Harvey Sale Fister Odorizzi Ventura Wainwright Soria Britton Holland dl Jansen dl Do I even need him or Bradley
Love the sun lighting up the downtown area. San Francisco at sunset from Hawk Hill
isnt that the harry potter theme? SPUNJ Full Version of Meow Song w/ Subtitles
I'm sure most people here appreciate the name on a garment then the actual garment it's self. I don't know why you're being down voted. You're actually right. Some people don't want to believe the truth but it is what it is.
Yes. Are you saying racism doesn't exist?
"I'm pretty sure the USA is a democracy, last I checked. So the starving poor shouldn't take from the rich king?"
Is that a real question? I thought the government didn't create jobs?
"BECAUSE AT FLORIDA STATE, IF WE GON DO IT THEN....... SO, MY BROTHERS. PUT A SMILE ON YOUR FACE."
"Aren't we all, sometimes... The Fran is unstable when challenged."
I think the video was mostly created for the mechanisms and type of reactions. What's the point to post a recipe to produce a toxic chemical?
"I did not say that, soutie. Fuck people who try their best to change that, hey?"
"Stop acting like a child and read the emails to get your answer. This is hilarious, if you're the one making accusations then the burden of proof is on you. You obviously can't come up with any evidence that the DNC actually influenced votes throughout the primaries."
"I enjoy getting my hair checked. I had someone tell me that the only 'sexy' picture she ever sent out to guys was one of herself when she was 17 because it was when she felt 'sexiest'. We were 20 at this point. I had to politely inform her that this was child pornography and that she could get a lot of people (including herself) in trouble. In her defense, she had no idea that a picture of herself would be CP. On the first day of school, a new teacher I had never met told me (another teacher) that she hoped that we had at least one lice infestation in the school because she 'enjoyed checking students hair'. Uhm.. yeah. I stayed away from her."
"I would start with discretionary spending programs, as they are utterly unnecessary by definition, but to each his own. We could start with the Census Bureau. With 50,000 employees I'm sure we could easily trim the fat from there."
Now we just need the panels. 4k 144fps
"Dick Lugar What is your favorite name from history? Cool, interesting names. Mine has to be Spiro Agnew."
And then do an interview praising it as a great literary work. Probably rip up a bible or something.
"#NAME? Have any good acne tips, Reddit? Tried medication, lots of water, exercise, everything. Really starting to get me down, had it for 2 years."
Points don't lie I'm the one who got sassy? Ok then
Quite possible the best video ever Dad giggling at his three-year-old's mispronunciations.
Who made that cross-eyed man a gunner! Only if you miss
looks like we disagree again :) Collinsworth is steaming garbage. His man crushes just go on and on and on. It ends up taking full drives talking about 1 player.
"Ass, preferably on the bigger side Boobs or butt? I'm asking ""for a friend""."
And he didn't answer my question! Deakin AMA is live!
"Co-signed. I'm a fan. Everyone I've talked to this last week has said he shouldn't have played, and would be happier if he DIDN'T play this postseason. If he is THAT injured, he needs to rehab and take time off, not potentially hurt himself worse to come back not prepared."
"This will be taken to Little Peoples' court. WWE discriminates against little people, confirmed."
What makes you think the Raiders aren't happening? Not this shit again! Just like with the Raiders it ain't happening. They tried it 2 years ago and no one other than the Mayor wanted to spend the money. People need to wake up.
American citizen detected. Cash. Throwaway cellphone. Amphetamine. Gun. Knife.
Thanks. Well done all around.
"Springtrap and he will be the father i've always wanted If you somehow got ahold of one set of animatronics, which would you want and what would you do with them?"
shuddup and do your work School blocked twitch.
"Fucken beautiful, isn't it? So I'm assuming the rest of Victoria didn't get this cool change I've been enjoying for the last 3 hours."
That's not what he's asking for... Styles was in the TNA game and Nakamura was in Wrestle Kingdom.
"You've got 10 years before you need to panic about what role you're in and how much you're earning, so take the time now and set yourself up somewhere else where your overall wellness is being looked after, both personally and professionally. Sorry if it came across that I was blaming the other guy, not at all. Good on him. It is just the icing on the cake for a shit week. I am trying to change the situation. I am 30 this year. I have been in the situation where I took a 10k pay cut before as I didn't actually have a job so maybe that is where the other guy was as well so thinking that way I am ok with home getting it over me as I have a perm role. I would have loved to land this one today as it is in my preferred industry. Just gotta keep plugging away at it."
Maybe 3^5 has a hidden meaning 127 seems random
How do you know that they did not get together and discuss it? I agree that a negative attitude affects the whole team unfairly and needs addressed. However I really think the whole team should have sat down and discussed the issue instead of just benching Xpecial and leaving him to just mull it over by himself.
"Yea, a really fucked up one that was never funny in the first place. I think it's part of the 4chan ""an hero"" joke."
"It depends on the game, some work better on Xbox One than the on the Xbox 360, and some work worse. Thanks for the input. Didn't know those weren't performing well. I guess this gives me a reason to start over from G1 and re-live the adventure. I sure will miss my 360 buddies."
It's like you lost a month somehow... ;) It happens when you're human. Thanks!
And the significantly higher chance the baby will be deformed. Well I don't know what to tell you. That sucks. I am curious as to why abortion is out of the picture? Go talk to a counselor. Otherwise have this baby and give it up for adoption if you don't want it. Besides the whole incest thing this is no different from any other unwanted teen pregnancy case.
"I need a Dave ""The Glueman"" DeGrosi button in real life now. Jerma Scout!"
"Oh, I feel I even explored waaay more in this game compared to previous iterations of the game, so maybe I was just ""unlucky"" in my exploring then :P Well, good to hear some people didn't have that much of a problem with his questline as me. Ah, see, I had a very different run in that area than you. I'll grant you the well part was silly and I probably wouldn't have figured it out without the internet. But in the part with his cell I actually got to the profaned capital and didn't see the ladder up to the bonfire, so I thought that other area to explore was the only way to go. I also killed that giant with fireballs so he was a non-issue for me in that area and made walking around and freeing siegfried super easy :P"
"What's being energetic about not mattering in the slightest getting you that apathy isn't getting me? So... you don't agree to live with the results? What's your alternative then, beyond continued apathy?"
It's called a hyperbole jesus fuck. Pretty easy life so far I'd say.
Where did you see this? it seems they can get back up and running for doing shows but not have people living there.
"Well you just taught me something lol embarrassingly, i was in my 30s before i learned that anne frank died in the holocaust. i always thought she had made it out, like elie wiesel."
"Seems like the diabolical plot should precede the cryptex. So I Made A Cryptex, Now What?"
You have to finish the appropriate heist setup mission before you can buy it. It's not available to buy
"You and me both, I've been pretty uptight about Disney and Star Wars since I'm a fan old the old EU, but I have seen what disney has done to Star Wars and do say I don't disagree with what they've done with it. I kinda hope Disney sell off some games rights to Sega so there can be a Total War: Star Wars."
"I know that, but from what i always learned, gay means two men in a relationship and lesbian means two women in a relationship Eh? Gay applies to men *and* women..."
So next year? When Fenrir comes out.
"Wow dude, you're being really douchey over someone not taking patrol seriously. It's be more ashamed than anything. Hide that gif, please."
"you will also read the same about men who get off with little... or is it your assertion that men NEVER get off? If you read this subreddit for any length of time you will find many cases of women who got off entirely or with minimum penalty for crimes no less horrendous than this one, using one of the defenses I've listed."
It's just a joke bro It's just a space name bro.
"Hah, then you must not have very much experience working in or with software based companies. They are the least professional professional company I've seen. ;&lt;"
Because when you have a one night stand the girl had to be tricked into it and totally didn't want to do it. I personally cant stand it when other men brag about using or tricking a girl into liking them only to leave after a one night stand.
"I was thinking of getting to that area's chat to look for someone to help me improve my Nihongo but I probably won't do so anymore since I do not want to be clumped together with the embarrassing people of my country At school, will update when I get home, but it's basically a giant mess of pinoys literally posting that they are looking for ""cute tokyo girl"" or speaking to eachother in a gross mix of shitty english and japanese. half the time they just speak their own language and none of the Japanese people even talk there. The MOMENT they do, they get fucking SWARMED by weebs trying to speak shitty japanese to them. Also people asking how to type japanese in dota. It's a shit hole. I HAVE found a few Japanese friends to play with there (I speak Japanese and i live in Tokyo so I was hoping to actually be able to get a group from there, but naw weebz)"
"Is he hot? Gym crush saw me trip over a 2.5lb plate. Anyway, a nylon jump rope can support 160lbs, right babe?"
University of Southern California has a Korean program and was also featured in the LA special of MuDo (Infinite Challenge). American university for Korean? So I'm getting close to graduating and I've self studied Korean for about a year now. It's been fun but also pretty difficult to keep myself on a schedule. I also feel like I've hit a wall and I can't get much further right now in my own. (also side note I feel I need to mention - my school has a huge foreign exchange program and approx 20% of the student body is Korean...I've developed good friendships with several and they help me with bits and pieces that I can't get from the book) Anyway just wondering if there were any unis in the US that would have a Korean program that's actually respectable. (edit - formatting)
What's with the voter registration thoguh? Well it's basically the same. You show up to your specified polling place where they have your name on a list. Except here you don't have to prove who you are. You don't even have to show your driver's license. At least that's how it was this year in Minnesota
How's the farm going? Yupvote.
"And the keyboard scene, while being ridiculous, is also quite awesome. If you are a cerebral movie goer who enjoys having food for thought and like to kind of explore the ramifications of the world that a movie implies when you leave it, no, stay away. If you just want spectacle and cool action scenes, watch it. The fight choreography in several scenes is spectacular."
"in all fairness, police shooting a victim in the head upon arrival - the very same victim who called them - feels a bit like a fantasy world too..... I like how you readily assume they would have robbed him and left peacefully. You live in a fantasy world."
"One ticket for both races, and all cars compete in them both. Honest take on some drawbacks. So if I want to go see a Cup race, I have to buy two tickets (because 2 events) so double the price for going to a race weekend. Potentially higher operating costs for teams because more races. Way more opportunities for torn up race cars. Have to dedicate more time to sitting through commercials to watch half of half a race over two days. Chase qualifications wouldn't change at all. 16 drivers with the most wins will get in then fill in by points. Those extra races are just going to get won by the usual suspects in most cases. Splitting the field reduces the draw for me. Why would I go watch a second event (or even go to either) if I'm not watching my driver compete with and try to beat everyone else. So you get into possible driver issues if you want them to run all 52 events."
"^Don't ^trip ^the ^alarm Seriously though I never heard of this bug before, it's probably something to do with hoxhud somehow. game crashes when alarm is tripped, what to do? thought it was a common issue so i waited for the next patch, but still the game crashes, i have the latest version of HoxHud installed (5.1). so what should i do? and thanks!"
Never thought I'd see Newnan mentioned on here... I'll ref the brawl SHOWDOWN AT EXIT 47. I'LL SEE YOU BOYS THERE ps. Can we get sprayberrys after? Maybe do some bowling?
Somehow it's a little depressing that people have been constantly making that same mistake for over 70 years. Yours
"ah , those good old auto-playing midi files :D Flashblock is a quick easy way to stop a lot of autoplaying bullshit."
"I've made the argument he is quite possibly the single most impactful person to the game of basketball ever (assuming you ignore like, Naismith, of course). Jerry West brings championships"
"Give him some time to understand Bitcoin, he'll probably say interesting things about it when he does. Bwhahahaha :D Nobel Laureate Economist Thinks the US Govt Has 'Shut Down' Bitcoin"
That's awesome. Sure to be a big hit this Christmas!
"2 mil a yer really sin't a stretch if you include taxes, playing with A-rod and being a perennial SB contender. If it's 1 million... I can see him making that up in endorsements that he might not get if he goes to somewhere like the Raiders and he doesnt' produce like before. 2 mill a year? that might be hard to turn down."
"More like 500btc+ thanks for the advice. :) looking at it now, the market depth has faded significantly... looking at the sell wall, not seeing any whales until about the 21 mark. For context, what do you consider a whale? 100btc+?"
"thanks, sorry for asking in the wrong place This isn't really the place for it, but I'll answer your question. If you have the Steam client downloaded to your computer (I assume you do since you're playing Civ) then all you have to do is enable auto-updates. These can be set individually for each game as well. I'm sure a quick google search can help if you can't find the setting location."
"That shit happens to me irl, shit sucks man That's not snow... that's dandruff!!! Use some Head and Shoulders!"
"What a fantastic day for the Jaguars as a growing team. Blake Bortles breaks Jaguars' single-season passing TD record with his 24th on the year, passing David Garrard"
"That's because so many of them are centralized in the most expensive part of the country. It's worth noting that American IT workers, *especially* software developers, are already paid *way* more than their counterparts in other countries, even in other developed countries. My software job here in the US easily pays twice as much as an equivalent job in any EU state. We pay a *lot*. Obviously I don't mind the extra money, but most software developers aren't paid ""slave wages"". That's why the median salary is nearly $100k."
Really don't want to give AIG any page/video views Answers in Genesis Tries to Explain the Origin of Different Races
Razzle dazzle Call it what you want To me it don't matter It's where I belong It's a matter of distinction A real fine line Between an orgy of destruction And a wonderful time The 'ol razzle dazzle!
And full of your own qi! It comes from the body so I know it's pure!
"I'm not your buddy, pal. me_irl"
"I live in Canada, not nearly as bad as America considering at least a broken arm wouldn't cost me thousands, but things like dental and vision aren't paid for. I mean you can move to a country that doesn't fuck you in the ass when it comes to health care."
"I saw a pro cop one earlier. I disagree, but props for making the first actually contrary opinion I've seen."
"I mean we only gave up a seventh round pick to move up, and considering we had three sixths I'm not too concerned about the move I'm not hesitant on Hundley as value in the 5th, just on the choice to move up and take him. It's weird that we wouldn't move up to grab an ILB, but did to grab a guy who won't help us for several years. That being said, the kid has far more talent than a 5th round QB and could be the steal of the draft (although he hopefully won't ever start for us). Additionally, he should help us out immediately in some ways just by providing a mobile QB on the scout team to give our defense better looks. I would not be surprised if that seriously entered the team's thinking. We face Cam, Kaep, and Wilson this year, three guys who our scout team could hardly approximate previously. Hundley will give us better looks at them than most teams will get from their scout team."
"It's all good. Yeah, I meant Boldin. When I typed that I was talking about Doug Baldwin with my buddy."
"I can verify that it is correct. According to the spreadsheet counts yes, I haven't verified independently with whoever counted it however."
Probably tried to quote Why the bold text?
"Yes you will, maybe depends if you really want to know. So I have two questions for you: What the fuck is ""JeSuisMilo""? Will I regret asking this question?"
"Your gonna need to cantilever a carry handle off that railed gas block. Newbie iron sight question and suggestions I have a DMPS 16"" carbine upper. The rail on my gas block is lower than the rail on my upper receiver by 0.325"". Do I need a special front sight than what's readily available at my local sporting goods store? What are some sight combos that you guys would recommend? I currently have a Magpul M-lock handguard and do not plan on a free-float handguard. I also want to have iron sights only on this rifle and don't want a red dot or any other optic."
"But just the wide nose, seen from a moving car. Matched description of a robbery suspect."
"Appreciate it! Oh okay. I don't even get those stats on HOF, you beast"
"given his track record, he probably does, multiple times, keeps getting shot down because other people in congress don't care or too focused on other issues like trying to repeal obamacare again or gerrymander their districts. Isn't he in congress already? Just do it then by starting that Bill and introducing it instead of just talking about it?"
Has anyone? Has she ever heard of a thing called cheese bread before?
If you are really good on him it's a buff otherwise its a nerf. Alistar rework
"Hey. Membership Any ACED members, check in here."
"I use raw input for my tablet, all players have potential to be ass Mouse players are ass?"
I accidently the whole thing Accidentally really good aim.
"Haste 2 + eff 5 ftw. Digging big holes. I recently spent 6 hours digging out a 4 chunk area down to level 5 for a big slime farm, never again."
Do you get to the Cloud District very often? Fix your game Bungie
"Those t-amp's are awesome, titan's are great to run with too. You know what? I had a T-Amp that I modded and I ran the thing of a 30 dollar lawnmower battery I picked up at Walmart. I used it to run some Paradigm Titans. That battery powered the amp for about 5 months of very heavy use. If you've got some relatively sensitive speakers, I'd say, go for it. it's a fun project and you'll surprise yourself at how long the battery will last."
"What if they were talking about the prequel trilogy? ""I don't really like Star Wars."""
"I don't think so, podcasts weren't around in 1999. Arguably could have ended up doing that anyway if his career did go to shit by walking out on SNL"
I'm Mexican and don't like beans or spicy food. What's a common stereotype that you've gone against?
"He may ignore it publicly, but that doesn't mean he won't know. people seem to say every day that Frankie will know he's hated very soon. He's gonna retweet all the praise and respond to the fans and ignore the haters"
"People don't understand when I tell them I was on a PS4 before there was the PS4 ever existed, and I'm like, ""Yeah, a computer."" Ps4 player thinking about moving to PC Im currently playing on PS4 and although the game runs smoothly for the most, it does suffer from some frame rate drops and absolutely no add ons. With the expansion coming and all of those massive heavensward areas, i feel like we might start seeing the ps4 suffer a bit more so im seriously considering moving to PC, thoughts? I have no idea how or what a good system would cost but im thinking i could spend around 600-800 dollars. Also to anyone who has played both pc and ps4 is it that much of a graphical leap? Is it even worth the trouble?"
There is no source for that though. Yea I've heard that one if the reasons Gohan and Goten got sidelined in thr Black arc was because she couldn't voice that many characters at once otherwise the original intention was to have Gohan be involved and Goten appear with Trunks in some of those sequences.
"""I'm ok with this Irving pick"" ""Cavs take Irving at number 1""... I guess it worked out"
"careful there buddy, downvotes are afoot. Fracknation methodically and handily debunks that whole movie. Watching Gasland's director repeatedly and desperately dodge completely legitimate questions is hilarious (dodge as in he literally, physically runs away). Yet somehow the lying propaganda piece is almost 100% on rotten tomatoes and the logical, evidence-backed rebuttal has 50%. What a world we live in these days."
Messi's face looks weird as fuck. Fifa 16 cover with Alex Morgan and Lionel Messi
I would fully support this. This is a great idea. If we prove to them that obesity is as dangerous as anorexia then we could get all of the probesity hashtags banned.
"Another pro tip: if what you've been cooking smells a lot, add some cinnamon to the boiling water and it helps make everything smell better. LPT: Don't soak pots/pans. Put them back on the burner and boil water with a touch of dish soap"
looks like a baby turtle as weellll I thought it was a frog from the thumbnail
failed the test to be a cop? Texas firefighter brags about shooting neighbor's dogs with Facebook photo NSFW
"If their information is from circles that must be why their thinking is always circular. ""CIRCLES""! Not just ""sources""!"
one didn't stay that way Her statement is factually accurate. They both died.
What... what happens if I stick my dick into the tub? The Farming Secret Pros DON'T Want You to Know! - Short Film Contest
What's the theme for the circular icons? Here's what my iPhone 7 looks like !What's your favorite tweaks compatible with ios 10.1.1 ?
"I'm usually a frustrated wreck, but once i fix or install something i feel like the manliest man on earth. There is something so calming about opening something up and seeing all the moving parts, diagnosing the problem part and fixing it with your own hands and tools."
"I know, that's why I'm suggesting a Tech Support tag for all servers. It doesn't include other projects hence it's ttrsupport. Ttr- toontown rewritten."
"I think its LeeAnna Vamp as Ciri Jeoff Kheigley(Doritos) as Iorweth, Greg Miller(KindaFunny) as Geralt, Skull Knight(Berserk) as Eredin, usuall stuff. But is that Peele from Key and Peele or am I racist?"
There is not a lot you can do if they are French. The fact that they allowed to return is what amazes me.
Dab crab I hope the majority of reddit/4chan know what dabs are
"Just be sure everyone's there by 0415. God damnit, okay spread word to the platoon to meet in the rec room until we figure this out"
"It's called a breakthrough seizure. Can you still have a seizure even if you're taking your anti-seizures medication? Regarding my mom who has it. I called her today and she sounded really drunk or high on pain pills. She said that she had been stressed over being low on her meds and was afraid she'd run out before she could get more. But here's my question. Isn't the point of the meds so she DOESNT seize??? Why was she on the verge of having one? I get very frustrated because she lives alone, she drives, and she's not completely honest about her health. I hate epilepsy!!!! She hasn't been the same since she had them. Her mind just isn't all there it seems. I'm sad and mad and I take it out on her. Sorry this turned into a rant."
"It is, but it lets you keep track of how many you'll need in total to Guilt HT Sora since he's not a standard medal, and also doesn't use fairies. Am I missing something? Isn't it the same as guilting stuff normally, or do you not need thr Good Fairies"
In other words since the rich likely won't have to deal with that problem then it'll never be properly fixed. It's kaput now... we're just bandaiding it until we all agree it's not cool to poison our water table with shit water and chemicals.
"1440 Should I get a 1440p monitor or a 144hz monitor? My current monitor needs replacing so I'm wondering whats the differences between the two, using a rx 480."
Ah thanks. They mention uub nefore the u6 fight so yes he is canon.
"It also seems that there has been a protest outside the main building of Channel 4, with signs such as: ""UTOPIA DIED FOR THIS"" Channel 4 show 'Naked Attraction' attracts complaints after showing nearly 300 penises in one episode"
^wh.. ^what ^if ^a ^source ^2 ^Black ^Mesa ^is ^going ^to ^come ^in ^the ^next ^not ^orangebox? The team originally couldn't sell the game because they didn't own the rights to the IP. But wit Valve allowing them to make money off of it it could be possible it is being ported to Source 2. Maybe Valve wants it to be the best it possible can be?
this is hilarious :D Now everything became clear why dem frenchies so bad ;D French Tanks have gone downhill.. (X-Ray Machine at hospital I work at...)
Just change the name of the title to something more appropriate- the Big Boy Hoss Title Give me Mike Elgin vs Shibata for the never belt please.
"This is the right answer. Yes i do personally, thats cause im interested in fashion in general. Most guys would notice the difference between a well-dressed girl and one that is not, however."
"You don't even need a heroic dose if it's good/real. now you take a heroic dose of LSD and watch everything else you thought you knew about religion, life, society, and people crumble."
"Just don't do something stupid like Gauntlet again. Anyone else agree that if and when they bring back more multiplayer maps, they should bring back Raid from Bo2? Raid was one of my favorite MP maps from Bo2 and one of the most balanced IMO. Anyone else feel the same way?"
"He didn't even attempt to justify his copypasta. I recognize that I was a bit harsh with my replies, but his message just made me really uncomfortable. :/"
Agreed. I think you have hit the nail on the head here.
Ciri has ashen hair though. It's Ciri.
"We get it, we know we suck, let us try to enjoy our last year in San Diego in peace Chargers 'beat' impossible odds on way to 1-4 start"
Wishing I had more YouTube subs How is everyone today?
"""MAKANKOSAPPO!!!!!"" When using Celestial Nighthawk, cheesy action one-liners are required By the decree of Gothalion, Broman and Teawrex, cheesy oneliners must be used during golden gun when wearing the Celestial Nighthawk."
And Ant-Man sucked so seems like a fair judgment. People were the same way with fucking Ant-Man.
does this have aperaham Lincoln in it The opening to Dawn of The Planet of the Apes is so chilling and so great
Or scuba diving equipment. They should spend the rest of that million on sand bags.
But Pichu is so cute! Hell NO. Mewtwo FTW
"Even though I don't think ps3/360 should be supported, it is shitty they released a game and don't even update it. Us last gen peasants are pretty much fucked IMO. And I'm confident that Blops 3 will be a next-gen exlcusive."
"You just rephrased what I already said twice. No, that's not what he's trying to say. Assuming you have won the lottery, it is more likely that you get into an accident while checking, then it was likely for you to win in the first place. The instance in which you either get into a wreck, or don't, assumes that you have already won the lottery, so it doesn't affect the odds at all."
"Yes, but not crony capitalism. You think capitalism is free market ? HAHAHAHAH"
"Haha I know im just being facetius, apologies. I know that, I meant England's our biggest threat."
"Even better, all 3. you should try for both! It's fun."
"the 'hands on the head' shocked, awed reaction from every big team we've beaten so far.. i guess ya get it or ya dont I don't get it..."
not true It's impossible to hate Russell Wilson.
"Exactly this. Ukrainian authorities didn't want to give them land either, hence the squatting situation."
"Do the Blu-ray Disc Movie specifications apply to games or other media though? Well, Mr. Semantical Fucking Smartass, I am referring to the BDMV (a.k.a. Blu-ray Disc Movie) specification which states how movies and UI are to be stored on the disc. You think I don't know that a Blu-Ray disc is a storage medium? Did you think I was under the impression it was fucking ***magic***? Obvious troll is obvious."
Sauce? Mods on r/nba are liars He told me I threatened someone. Holy shit fuck them
"Yes Oh really? I am part Irish, Can I get you anything?"
"Sylvanas also got a rework which included giving her a 2nd Heroic. garden of terror got remade; the pot no longer damages structures on its own, just disables and provides a damage bonus for the terror. also terror can clear minion waves quickly with basic attack dehaka and tracer were added to the game. tychus, illidan, kael'thas, and gazlowe got some form of rework. there might be others im forgetting. you might be better off just.. like.. playing. kinda like what the other guy said."
opening up now! Is it alright if I stop by?
"probably costs like 2k in canada You can now order 256gb iPad Pro(12.9 inch) at least with AT&amp;T, not sure about other places"
"I think a people are using the awful generator. About game threads... It looks like a lot of people are just ""phoning it in"" for the first round of game threads today in an effort to be the first one to post. You don't get karma for self-posts. Put in a little effort."
"Shorter, even, if our fertility levels are balanced to not cause immediate overpopulation Unless we were harder to kill, wars would probably be just as short"
"Considering Pato peaked at like 24 and Ronaldinho at 29 it's pretty impressive that he's been able to keep himself at what a normal player his skill set does at 27 He's only 30! People go on like he's in his 40s. With sports scientists watching him from being a teenager, his self discipline, the training ethic etc. there's no surprise he's a beast. This is the first generation of players who we should see playing at an incredibly high level well into their 30s, especially if they continue to evolve their games."
There appears to be a bit of a queue...I might wait a few days for maintenance. your ace goes here
"No way will Halfpenny pick Toulon over Wales, I'd rather see him in *England* than stay with Toulon. Boudjellal says Halfpenny will have to ""look for another club"" if he plays in New Zealand in 2016"
Not safe for lagers? please tag NSFL
"Yards and touchdowns dont have to live with the policies of the winning team. My football team had way more yards than you, so I don't care that you actually had more touchdowns!!! I refuse to say you won. Look at our total yards!!! I don't care what the score says...we had more offensive yards....we moved the ball better, our offense is better...its not meant to be this way....ban the stupid touchdown system and points... It should be based on who can get more yards, that's a better indicator of who is better at football."
"TIL that cancer existed before reddit TIL that before reddit, cancer was called reddit."
DP watcher reporting in. Hey Scotty
I can feel the blood flowing out of my brain to other body parts for whatever strange reason. Firebending Anna
"Badum Tssshh! Like, Compton?"
In the end its about the sponsors. Does it count if you don't pull it completely off? Thought it was only bookable if it delayed the restart of the game
"If he's premium, I hope it's a 1 shard Black Friday sale! Hawkeye is fricking popular. Everyone here and on Tumblr is loosing their shit about Hawkeye's shenanigans around the portals, that's Amazing. I hope Tiny co makes super fun of this and makes him the best and most lovable guy around the Academy. AND NOT PREMIUM FOR GOD'S SAKE."
Looks like a pink salmon Is that a salmon? Sorry land locked Northerner....
"I don't know, I bet Mario Andretti has a driver. Is it not weird that a man who's been to the moon relies on other people to fly him around?"
"Ah, didn't know what it stood for. That's what I meant by better CDN. (Content delivery network) Their videos lag for me, and I'm on gigabit."
Wow I never noticed that guys neck just goes on forever. Remember that horrible EB Games commercial? Somebody made this.
Or a cross at least. The right would have burned her at the stake
Got EVGA SC with a backplate for $325 couldn't be happier Picked up the EVGA SSC from newegg at $315. Not gonna complain.
I already told you to cut the bullshit. I'm not BSing you. The matchmaking system is very decent and Ubisoft can improve their version. It doesn't make server lists better.
steal! *beems
"Like, a fuckton worse. Because it sounds worse."
"The difference is between imbedding the power of the gems into the flesh (thaumaturgy) and using items as conduits for their power. There are these kick ass 'gem' things that basically give people super-powers, and a practice called 'thermataugy' or something to use them, it's apparently very difficult to get the gems to work and involves horrible experiments that have been done in this place 'Wreclast' for a while. Ok, you got exiled and thrown off a ship. You wash up, see a weapon, kick some zombies head in and he drops one of these gems. Now, for some reason you have the god-damn superpower to realize the gems can be used by putting them in certain weapons and armor. You take advantage of this to gain super powers and go around murdering the ebony legion and their leaders, Piety and Dominus, who were basically a militarized research team who had finally taken back enough of the country from evil zombies and such corrupted by bad-voodoo-gem-energy to make progress on their experiments. Everyone is just confused about how you are so powerful with your super powers, and go around handing you gems and socketed items to use gems in, totally oblivious on how simple it is to become a god."
Plankton was crying I'll give gold to the person who can name the object to plankton's right in these images
[TRIGGERED] yeah man if it wasn't for el toro I would never go to a six flags park again!!!!!!!
Fuuuuuck Comcast. Comcast Internet 1TB data cap is starting on November 1st in California..
"You just haven't met her yet She is an Eagles fan, she also doesn't exist."
Look at the numberpad It's a sad day today.. RIP 2003-2016
"What happened was likely your item was in stock, but reserved for another customer, so they just stole the stock from his order to fill yours, and hoped he would be more accomodating to the BS. I really don't know why they kept telling me that it was going to be delivered on a certain day and then not showing up. I could have worked with them if they had discounted stuff or whatever. Just be straight with me. I found it fishy that when I lost my temper and cancelled my order that they magically had it in stock. I went to a locally owned place and bought my bed, paid for it and had it delivered on the same day. Never again will I go to the Brick."
"Problem with Europe is that whenever they try to elect a good leader like Le Pen in France, the cucks all form one massive coalition to defeat them or they get all the cucks to vote for one party instead of multiple parties to defeat them because they are 'le evil' I hope Trump wins and makes the safe zones for the refugees like he talked about. Then the cucked Europeans will start seeing they didn't have to ruin their countries by letting them in. I also think Trump might make Europeans feel that it is possible to elect a more nationalist leader."
I agree with him in most of his points I also dont think league is fun anymore i just play to maybe get master one day .. Dunkey - I'm Done With League of Legends
"in a similar way, I'll tell my students to ""Have a great weekend"" when they leave on Tuesdays or Wednesday's, pretty much any day of the week. On Mondays, when my student come into class, I exclaim ""HAPPY MONDAY!"" in a enthusiastic manner. When the students show displeasure, I fake concern and wonder out loud why someone would dislike such a wonderful day of the week. It makes the students squirm, especially the first group of the day. I do it to colleagues as well."
At 30 fps lol Come on Gamespot... you make this too easy.
In a roundabout way he called the heckler a child molester and a retard... You good now? The comeback was shit and made no sense.
"Im feeling it in oklahoma too I grew up in a small town in Kansas, I understand your pain."
Diastema are my fetish! The price is wrong
"its who the Never-Trump, Never-Hillary Sandernistas are voting for Who the fuck is Jill Stein?"
fucking savage The great potato famine.
"Seriously, put these on a non black background and they'd look awful. This literally the least creative thing jersey I've ever seen. Looks like a red center ice practice jersey... I really wish we'd bring the greens back more often :("
\*Freud TIL Sigmund Frued used cocaine and believed it to be a cure for many mental and physical conditions for around a decade.
"Dwight Howard has amazing posture He's 6'11"" and has to duck hallways..."
The fan fiction writers did. Did Anyone Else notice that Captain Jack Harrows from Doctor who is from the 51st century when he was first introduced...the same timespan River Song started in? hmmm i wonder if there is a connection and maybe if Captain Jack and River Song would be together in series 6?
"Cuisine Du Cambodge (Cambodian/Vietnamese), Thai Kitchen, Emperor's Palace (Cantonese), Seoul Garden (Korean), La Plaza (Mexican). Favorite Restaurants? What are your favorite places to eat that are non-American (ex: Italian, Japanese, Chinese, Thai, etc)? My favorite so far is Panda Wok in Lakewood"
FUck you Joe i love you
"Titanfall was my favorite game of 2014 TitanFall is a blast! Got it for $8 at Gamestop having never played it before. Having titan-only battles in the last titan standing game mode is awesome, whether they are strategic with everyone taking it slow or everyone going full savage. The controls and wall running can be a little wonky but it plays smooth for the most part. Totally recommend if you can find it cheap somewhere"
Next up 50/50 for GF/GA ALSO! BACK TO 0.500!
"Bad publicity is still publicity Reddit boss 'set up to fail', says former chief engineer"
"Damn, so is mine. Kenny Powers because fuck you that's why"
"Here's hoping I saw a graph that shows that the good guys have around 48% (without counting the unknown, who may swing either way but who probably will back King and the 3 bears), so a final push by the fans to buy shares could well see them win the EGM."
Then they will dislike you for having your cities too close to them. India didn't like the fact that I blocked their settler path.
"Yeah give him like 5-10 years out of it and then bring him back with a completely mad suit. for some reason I'm getting hyped about the idea of Tony just working for the team in the background, but when shit goes down, we see him suit up in this epic suiting-up montage. I think it will be glorious and nostalgic."
30 clip calibers every half second Let's not even get started on how this rifle can accept 25 round assault clipazines.
"Yeah I know I love it though Trump is literally a meme lord. He tweeted a rare pepe of himself accompanied by a ""You Can't Stump the Trump: Volume 4"" montage video where his political opponents are ""420 noscoped"", Rand Paul is called a manlet and Jeb Bush is called a cuck. I cannot get enough of this guy."
I think I just shat a little Transcendence (2014) Movie trailer. Johnny Depp in a movie about the Singularity. Joe's wet dream
CMON YOU GUYYYYYYYYSSSSSSS Probably Natalya. That voice....
where are you from? I run monitors that are 700~p and finding any decent graphics card for good price in country is next to impossible but there was a gaming forum that sold this stuff unfortunately it is dead.
Is that shit on your head or a cow lick? Friend thinks he's above any abuse you can give him... Roast him.
"I usually stay with the solo untill the other jungle leaves, even if it means not leaving after level 3. As a solo main too, the most annoying junglers are the ones who don't saty with you until level 3. I can't tell you how many times I lost my lane to an early 2v1 from the enemy. Also, ONE DOES NOT SIMPLY WALK OUT OF SOLO LANE OR RETURN TO BASE. IT IS AN INESCAPABLE TRAP."
"*ma'am Wow, you took something relatively innocent, and used it to shit on someone else's beliefs. You sir, are the embodiment of the internet, also, an asshole."
"I do not think China or Russia would be too happy about all of this and certainly wouldn't be passive as all of this goes down. Agree, especially if it is a terror weapon. If siloed underground you wouldn't necessarily see the fueling operations, and even if you did your only option to prevent a launch is a pre-emptive strike. There is one big factor here though. If the US knows where the missiles are and that they are liquid fueled, then it does give the US the option of an effective counter-force strike in advance of an attack. If the US intended to launch an attack on NK and believed that it would trigger a nuclear retaliation, then the US could strike all its nuclear sites in advance of its attack. If there was no advance warning NK would not be able to ready and launch its missiles in time. Of course, this is high-stakes poker. We'd basically be talking about a likely US preemptive tactical nuclear strike. The US has a no first strike policy and changing that would be a really big deal. I doubt it would ever happen, but it would be a tactical option as long as NK is reliant on liquid fuel. The other downside to liquid fuel is that from my understanding those rockets are a lot more prone to accidents and such. In the US losing the occasional serviceman to an industrial accident is a big deal. I suspect that is less of a concern in NK."
"if you can pry the old bitch out of her casket she's all yours, flyboy. OP's mom"
I still think 4chan belongs to another dimension 4chan
Cliffs for working bros? Blackrock Foundry DPS Specialization Spread - 90th Percentile ilvl 673-679
"They would have been shocked Just to make it clear, 20 years ago is 1995"
"Me too, that stuff is so heavy where the hell do people hide it? I'm still amazed that detergent is such a frequently stolen item that some stores put locks on each bottle."
"Santa Cruz county here, sunny as can be. Where in California are you? :/ I'm a few miles south of Downtown LA and nothing yet for us... just a bit of a breeze."
"That, and a mix of actual issues with the game in comparison to what we're used to (ie, infinite supports both gets rid of the 'every choice matters' idea, and hinders the writing team's ability to create truly unique support conversations) The Fire Emblem fandom is experiencing what every hipster fandom did when their favorite band/game/book series went mainstream. It's nothing new."
#NAME?
Particularly when your own record (Clinton) looks much worse in comparison. Attacking your competition's record as a lawmaker is what you do as a political candidate.
"Loose jeans, boxers, and generous pants adjustments. Quick question to the well endowed Howdy folks I just had a question. I've been lurking here for a long time trying to get as much information as possible before posing any stupid questions. So here's my story: I realize my size ain't that big compared to most of the guys here with Sluggers. But I do find myself having problems keeping my dick concealed or tucked away in public. If I get a hard on in public, it's extremely visible in anything besides jeans with two layers of underwear, which is how I've been rolling since high school. I realize this question has probably been asked many times before, but how do you guys deal with it? I get 6.5"" ain't that big, but I've run into problems with it in the past. Do y'all just go without sweatpants, shorts, or pretty much anything else and just wear jeans? Or do y'all layer on underwear two or three times?"
"That's cuz the US let Craig Venter run shit. TIL That despite early concerns, the Human Genome Project finished 2 years ahead of schedule and $400 million under budget."
Looks like the Game Boy Advance port of DayZ is getting off the ground! The new Silent Hill looks great
"Why are you asking us for jokes, if the name has to be ""short but funny""? I need a team name for my software development class. What's your best software joke? Gotta be short but funny."
"out of the 7.2 billion on this planet, yes youre the only one. Am I the only one in the world this has happened to?"
"And tes 1 like 2 years before was what? Daggerfall. Just imagine this game was released in 1996, it's unbelievable."
"Say Anything, my favorite of anything's, and they're damn good at music Whats youre favorite anything?"
THAT'S SOME OF THE WORST TRASH TALK I'VE EVER READ. BLUES KICKASS
Let's fucking Gopositive! Every now and then it just works. Some managers have felt lucky to be here and it's completely backfired. Klopp's come in with just enough respect and just enough I'm swinging my dick around and this is my place now to hopefully make it work.
I can't believe there are adults that do this. Wait. You cried over not being able to eat a hot dog? Are you 6?
"That's part of my point.... She's pandering extremely hard, but only with BLM."
"I pretty much have this power and my dad definitely has this power Being able to fall asleep in the blink of an eye, anywhere, anytime, and in any position. I'm always so jealous of people that can fit 15 minutes of sleep into a 1 hour flight or catch a quick catnap before they go out for the night"
"So you would inadvertently cause the death of newborn children then pay for their upbringing? Help them and the parents, not give them an easy way out. Enough to help them but not enough to where they can just sit back and do nothing"
Neither is Sansa for that matter. Jeyne isn't pregnant. Her mother was giving her abortion drugs under the guise of fertility drugs.
as it should be It's over $1000 on eBay right now.
A low tolerance combined with today's potent plants can have a lot of people experiencing VERY mild psychedelic effects hahah no you're fine. im like 99% sure you can't et the effects of acid by smoking it.
I guess I don't live in America :( There are no Dunkin Donuts shops around here. America Runs On Dunkin
"Can confirm, Boston is suddenly COVERED with Instinct gyms. Instinct played it low-profile and now they're out and ready to kick some ass!"
"The pro-Hillary circlejerk on this sub is annoying. Yeah, I guess if you ignore her entire campaign, then you could say that. However, if you were to listen to her campaign, you would realize just how wrong you are."
"No idea, want to find out? What happens to dumb people when they die?"
She's such a fuckin bullshitter. Fact Check: Hillary Clinton still spinning emails - CNN Video
Cos they can't see past their own noses. why it is so hard for some to understand that you can not do capitalism when 99% have no money ?
"I'm not whining, I'm excited :) The same goobers that beg for a Pokemon mmo are whining about this? Lol it's a real life Pokemon MMO ........."
"No timeframe. Distance feet markers. Anyone know when the bug with the feet markers will be fixed? They've been stuck at 3 footprints for almost a week now. They don't change anymore. Makes the game pretty difficult. I have to rely on the Pokemon changing position in the ""nearby"" chart instead. Which isn't as effective........."
"Thanks Open the the menu with the button with 3 dots, then select save"
"It's all about how the engine is designed... There's a huge difference between Harley V-twins and Ducati V-twins (often called ""L-twins""). Why do V twins tend to have comparatively higher low end torque? What bikes are the best/worst examples? Self explanatory question. I've always heard everyone talking about v twins and their low end torque but no one's ever explained why. In addition to that what are the examples of some bikes which best exhibit this behavior, or best contradict this common trend? Thanks in advance."
It was a 1v4 since FalleN killed someone before Taco died. yes it was Zeus didn't defuse the bomb cuz he thought he couldn't make it
"Every once in a while it gets some extremely clever content, but usually it's just cruddy shops. I'm so glad that this exists."
The two things that the Islanders can't retain is Salary and Respect. Apparently the Leafs &amp; Wild offered more than the Habs for Vanek but the Isles wouldn't retain any salary
"Those New England Patricias, so hot right now. Am from Massachusetts, can confirm. Go Pats Go!"
"I would like to obtain all the ""common"" tier items instead of having fucking 500 sandstorm galils or 500 umps... it gets old after a while. New Dota 2 update changed chests so that you can no longer get duplicates. Should this be implemented in CS GO?"
How two wrongs make good? Like the meetings in China related to CPEC where the PM was escorted by one CM and the son of that CM? Kind of like that?
"No you couldn't Some fruitarians do that I believe. That sounds ideal, you could say you live your life without killing a single thing."
Thirded. Seconded.
"Not ordering from Pizza Hut would be a vast improvement. Ordered Pizza Hut last weekend, took 2 hours to deliver 2 large pizzas (that we had to re-heat) a total of $49 dollars with tip. Maybe drones will make a vast improvement."
Those SICK SPEAR JUMPS THO This was only my 3rd game and I've already fallen in love
I like how the lizard doesn't react in any way. Kitten freaked out by lizard
SET ME FREE FOLLOW ME
Last Week in Bitcoin? This Week in Bitcoin
"And the Vauxhall VXR8, and Lotus Exige S, Lotus Evora S. Don't forget the Audi A6 3.0T that was supercharged"
But fuck Vietnamese flip-book animations. korean weightless books are okay though.
"I like the way you call restarts. For the second week, you can ride along in a Late Model at the Rockford Speedway while listening to the team's radio communications from this past Saturday! (6-18-16)"
"You forgot Led Zeppelin and Queen DAE Pink Floyd, Radiohead, the Beatles, Foo Fighters, or Daft Punk?"
That's a really closed minded and ignorant attitude. it's better because it was posted by a better poster
"I'm lovin my Goon! Best rDA for flavor and big builds? Looking for a new rda, I love my velocity clone but I want something better, with more build and airflow options, mainly focused on flavor over clouds. Goon, Mutation v4s, Tsunami 24, or Mason 24?"
"Fine print: ""free faction transfer courtesy of the Alliance Sucks Foundation"" Just tape a piece of paper with a horde symbol over the alliance one. Problem resolved."
You fucking made me choke on my food I don't want to get anybody's hope up with cryptic messages but the summer transfer window is going to be.... *Messi*
Are you sure this shouldn't go on r/AngrilyOnAPlane? Air travel would be greatly enhanced if they ever figured out a way to get the person sitting in seat 35 E off the plane in less than 30 minutes after the plane arrived at the gate.
"Super cute, but why the secrets? My wife thinks I spend my time in the shed fixing my bike, but my toolbox is actually full of make up."
What a *real car would look like... What an irl car would look like if it got a star from Mario Kart.
"Just curious, but what NHL goalie has ever worn 19? I think the 19s always win this one."
"The difference between Valve and Steam is the difference between Microsoft and Windows, or Apple and iPads, or Google and Gmail. This may require a new ELI5 post but what's the difference between Valve and Steam? Is it like I need to download a file and I need UTorrent and then WinAmp,RealPlayer to play it? (sorry really old I realize I seem like a troll but I'm seriously in the dark on a lot of shit right now)"
"How is less modesty ""moving forward""? What Iam saying is islam gonna start to move forward and not ask for as much modesty as other religions"
What model TVs did you use? Gaming Room the company I work for recently did. Really happy how it turned out.
* Synchronization problems with the ground vehicle gun barrel position after flying an aircraft (and on some other occasions) has been fixed. maybe no one reported yet PogChamp
I don't see Jones anywhere in these pics Cocain: a hell of a drug
"'Father of benghazi victim doesn't understand lie detector tests' There, fixed it for you. Father Of Benghazi Victim Challenges Hillary To Lie Detector Test (VIDEO)"
"1.5 felt a little too hyphy, 1.25 felt more normal to me 1.5x is actually the recommended speed to watch this."
"As long as Allan makes it out alive I'm good. Robert Kirkman Announces the End of ""Invincible"""
Thank you Miami defenders are getting blown right by going to the rim we are committing fouls stop complaining.
"I wonder if he thinks that counts as charity. After Weak Fundraising Numbers, Trump Gives His Campaign $10 Million"
"You can always kill Misha or Rexxar, if you can't handle half a hero with your whole team, it sounds like a personal problem. You're all wrong I'm right, plus posts from the Misha appreciation society do not count. Ability needs to be removed. You cant kill Rexxar if he's sitting by hit towers. Yet he can leave the bot on the shrine and not worry. when you're a played down cus of abathur them being 2 players up is simply not right. ok middle ground remove Rexxar from QM."
Ok good didn't want him Thomas Vanek off the market
Because a vision softly creeping? I've come to talk with you again
"Or, since many of GG's opponents seem to lack a sense of shame and personal responsibility, they just become afraid that they'll get in trouble. I'm seeing a pattern with people that write stupid shit deleting their twitter. My theory is that they're drunk when they tweet and the when they sober up they just become ashamed of the amount of stupid they created."
"or, you know, efficient. Now that's just lazy"
"I see. I don't care what he did, I think what he did should be handled at the court."
"Balor Club interferes, Roman overcomes the odds and puts Triple H, Balor, Anderson and gallows shoulder to shoulder on the mat and pins all 4 men simultaneously. The Poster at axxess claims Triple H vs Reigns is No Disqualification"
"Was wondering why she looks like a kid. 1001 nights, a 1990 film"
"2 if we're lucky. Clinton with a red Congress is still depressing, another 4 years of gridlock"
"He's right though, focus on yourself, see yourself progress and you won't have a reason to lose confidence if you progress edited post for more clarity!"
"But I think his point is why even risk playing it while you're winning? Deathwing clears your hand completely, at least if Yogg goes wrong, it won't end you completely by the enemy having one hard removal."
"Allright, im not sure i agree but then im with you. He's comparing the bodies, and I was making the point that Reno's body is only acceptable because you're guaranteed the effect."
"A family tree isn't exactly discovering genetics. A good chunk of Genesis is just a big family tree, so technically you could credit the Jews."
I wonder where Bill Clinton was and what he was doing... 5D CHESS: BUILD THEM UP AND STRIKE THEM DOWN!!!
"The drums and bass make or break trap songs though I was really surprised by it, as trap was the last thing I expected out of DnB producers."
"Relax its a joke As a Canadian, this graphic certainly understates the view of a disturbing portion of casual fans. The racism and xenophobia is absolutely embarrassing."
"""Dog Blood promised to come back to Australia"" **A bunch of text I found:** ""This took about 30 minutes to make."" ""Need for Speed 2015 was a mistake."" ""Who is Pharrell?"" ""OWSLARADIO.COM"" ""We will all get it one day."" ""None of what you're reading is fact."" ""Infinite Warfare is gonna suck."" ""Lil Hank for president in 2017."" ""The hype around Recess was the coolest thing ever."" ""They need to make another Burnout."" ""What else is there to leak?"" ""THIS IS NOT A TEST."" ""Skrillex @ Coachella 2017"" ""TOM LEAK DOMO"" ""Is OWSLA a fashion label now?"" ""#BRINGBACKMAPLE"" ""They need to make another Burnout."" ""THIS IS A NEW BEGINNING."" ""iPhone 6s or 7?"" ""Tip #47: Always remember your USB."" ""OWSLA IV is such shit now."" ""Summit is the best song of all time."" ""FAM"" ""aks this year and you still want"" ""At least it sounds good right?"" ""I miss the old Skrillex."" ""Alright that's enough."" ""Is this what Sonny would want?"" ""When the fuck is the new OWSLA comp?"" ""It's all just music in the end."" ""Is this just the same thing repeated?"" ""Did you just assume my leak?"" ""Your*"" ""Why Pharrell?"" ""Oh it's looping."" ""Final episode of Atlanta tonight #pumped"" ""SQUAD"" ""I didn't even leak anything the first time"" ""Battlefield 1 is awesome."" ""AF"" ""Rock N Roll VIP was from the Nest"" ""Leakmas 2016?"" ""Almost there."" ""Thank dog for the Internet."" ""We already have a lossless copy of Jurassic."" **The fucking Jurassic part made my day :)**"
"Long range the healers, get them into the line, then switch back to rapid for jad Had no problem luring them with long range on tbp. My question is weather or not I need to keep it on long range to a) not get hit by Melee and b) have the healers far enough away."
It's funny because it's so true! Lol it's funny because I remember seeing a post a month or two ago about someone comparing Du30 fanatics to INC people.
I prefer the muffin button. Taco button?
How did you miss: Tick tock tick tock run that clock Tick tick tick! Run that clock
either a freshman or an 8th grader whom recently turned 14. 14 and still have to ask for permission...That's like high school right?
Where does the wish bone correspond in the human body? Deboning a chicken - Chef Jacques Pepin
"Third wave feminists are the people who cut off the last couple minutes of the show you DVRed right? You know, I'm starting to get the feeling that gamerbros don't actually know what 3rd Wave Feminism is other than a boogeyman."
"She had a sweet new retirement home picked out and everything. Dear RBG, Please don't die for another four years. If you do, we're all fucked."
"Sit and drink Polonium tea ""You want leave KGB? No problem. Enjoy Polonium tea."" -Putin"
"In a game centered on shocking obscenity, it's often the completely innocent jokes that get the biggest laughs. Most innocent joke ever played"
Ted's got nothing without a cooperative GOP establishment it seems... Why would he work with someone who openly attacked his family? Few Things Are Sadder Than Watching Ted Cruz Leave Voicemails To Ask People To Choose Trump
then they should turn off the option to be invaded if they dont want it. I assume it's because at that particular time it's not wanted I think u should be able to be invaded but be able to click yes or no
What could possibly go wrong? What is your favourite Catchphrase?
*Not Excellus ITT: People spam tagging Excellus despite the fact that they can see that he's already been tagged 10 minutes ago
Michael Dell could fix this instantly. China's right: smartphones are a big reason Trump can't win a trade war
"Yes, sorry I mean't GoW. Hey Blood Dragon was on PC too. Also is it Vanquish?"
So basically the exact opposite of the beginning of Interstellar? Leaked emails between Italian spyware vendor Hacking Team and Boeing subsidiary Insitu revealed that drones carrying malware to infect targeted computers via Wi-Fi by flying over their proximity is close to becoming a reality.
"Oh okay I know about those I just didn't know their nickname was stingrays. A 'fake' cell tower which they can set up to intercept cell traffic. Traffic goes to the stingray instead of the regular tower, so the stingray's operators can grab more complete (and realtime) data from them. It's an alternative to getting a warrant and asking for logs from the cell carrier after the fact."
Who needs a boar? Not gonna argue with pesky peasents.
"He's not very good at this, is he? Anthropologist Peter Nabokov publishes Acoma sacred text despite their wishes to the contrary"
Except M4s don't spawn anymore unless there's a helicopter crash so he isn't farming the m4 Nice loot-famer. You are in one of the bunkers on westside of the NWAF. You even choose low population servers so no one kills you when you loot farm. Get skill
That's a pretty good gear setup considering you're fighting black demons? The helmet is to protect against the poisonous spiders
"But Robin attitude is way cuter post-timeskip now! My brother and I discussed this the other day, we both agreed robin and Nami are way cute pre time skip"
"AKA ""Emily Blunt turned us down""... First look of Amber Heard as Mera"
Sploosh! I do believe there is a .50 caliber upper you can buy for the AR platform.
"Politicians know that logic doesnt matter, what matters is convincing the electorate. Why though. Does the life of the baby somehow become less valuable if the mother was raped? Or if the mother will die giving birth? If the life of the baby is paramount the circumstances of the pregnancy are wholly irrelevant. Any attempt to place in harms way a fetus should be seen as a criminal attempt at homicide and have legal repercussions which reflect the severity of the crime. I don't understand how pro life people can draw that line. Why does one baby's life suddenly become disposable when the mom was raped? They should just be consistent and flat out say no abortion, period. If the mom is going to suffer life threatening circumstances so be it. If the mother was raped, so what. It's about the baby, who's life while gestating is of more importance than the organism it is growing in. That is what they have been saying since this whole argument started. I'm as pro choice as they come. Purely because I don't want to live in the world I just described. I'm not a big fan of slavery."
"His dream was signing to the rock Record label restrictions, probably. Vic honestly should have never signed with anyone. Look at his boy Chance, he's fucking *huge* and did it all without a contract. Just think of all the Mensa music were missing out on because of it"
"She also thinks that Superman acted exactly how he should have and that Batman was the hero Hilary Clinton: ""I liked the theatrical cut of BvS better than the Ultimate Cut. It flowed better and everything made more sense!"""
Well he is the best athlete in all of New York not named Kristaps Porzingis so I'll take it! Can Gary Sanchez play QB?
"In florida you can :P Not at 14 you can't, at least not in most states. Nowadays most states you can't even get your permit until you're 16."
Like.. in the Ice Age? Neat; I always thought Dodo's went extinct far longer ago than that.
Dankon. I'm the one who submitted it :D
"Carrying more dead weight on that mountain is a death wish Easy to say when you are on the ground David Sharp was left to die by ALL the 30 climbers on the mountain that day whom, if worked together, would have saved someone`s life. They, however valued getting to the top of a mountain more than the value of life making them all murderers by inaction. They truelly are despicable people. Sir Edmund Hillary was highly critical of the decision not to try to rescue Sharp, saying that leaving other climbers to die is unacceptable, and the desire to get to the summit has become all-important. He also said, ""I think the whole attitude towards climbing Mount Everest has become rather horrifying. The people just want to get to the top. It was wrong if there was a man suffering altitude problems and was huddled under a rock, just to lift your hat, say good morning and pass on by"". He also told the New Zealand Herald that he was horrified by the callous attitude of today's climbers. ""They don't give a damn for anybody else who may be in distress and it doesn't impress me at all that they leave someone lying under a rock to die"", and that, ""I think that their priority was to get to the top and the welfare of one of the ... of a member of an expedition was very secondary."" Hillary also called Mark Inglis ""crazy""."
"Biggar has been fantastic this tournament but Sexton is a step above him, I would pick Biggar as my bench fly half on a Lions your of it were tomorrow. Actually I'd go for Biggar, he's been more consistent in the 6 Nations and has been the form fly half in the Pro12."
GOLDEN Kim randomly kneeling to pray next to a trash can
What if hell is just a place where you get so much of the stuff you love that you begin to hate it all? It's the only food you get
i agree safety is impotnt make sur u listen to the safety demonstration puppo don't wanna get hurt now do you
"Oh look, another thread. Blah blah blah he's a ceo he shulda kept his mouth shut What kind of a person do you want leading a badass game? Someone who just rolls over and lets people talk shit about his family, steal his identity, shit on his fathers grave, stalk him and his game, make bomb threats on his plane ( which is a terrorist act... ) ... ya he should just keep his mouth shut. Get real. This goes far beyond a zombie killing game. So you lost play for a day you whiney lil shits need to get over yourselves, suck it up and thank them for everything they ARE doing and HAVE done. You paid for a game in ALPHA chances are you'll lose another gaming day before it makes it to beta... will you whine and bitch like this then? NO WHITE FLAGS.... you never surrender. Grow yourselves some spines and toughen up! Back to making berry pie now... yumyumyum xoxo &lt;3 I hope everyone has a beautiful day and enjoyed some sunshine because ima come try and kill you all when its back up and runnin ha!"
"You know, the mouth is also a hole. How come gay anal is more common than straight anal? Is it because there's only one hole? Or is it that men are more resistant to pain?"
"You'll soon be bored and not so rich anymore :) If I get 100 upvotes, I'll buy everyone who upvotes a copy of Sun and Moon I'm rich and bored. Make me proud Reddit! Leave a comment below after upvoting so I know to message you to send a copy."
pre-thriller mike would like a word Bobby jindal is brown in the same way Michael Jackson was black.
Tell a a lie long enough and it becomes the truth Proving that the LNP is full of shit is easy. Getting the 45-odd% of Australia that consistently vote for them to believe it isn't.
Yes Are you more likely to Vote yes on independence now that UKIP did so well ? I was on the fence but now i'm pretty sure i will vote yes
It only takes like 2 minutes to roll one? Waiting for blunts is hard
"It's about time that erdogan goes. What is happening in Ankara? Ive had friends that live there messaging me, im in Antalya, jets are circling and flying low. Anyone have any idea?"
"Good NIMBY, have a cookie. His decision to make the Hotel in Downtown into homeless shelters without neighborhood consultation lost my vote and I will put an effort to making sure that piece of garbage isn't re-elected."
Same. I left when five years and a mission didn't get James 1:5 to work. Just nothing but silence.
"Taking a walk, and getting coffee in a wifi zone What are you doing for the next hour? I am killing time on reddit..... cant get any work done today while waiting for my ""11 AM meeting"" HA HA"
"I think its a sign My family just staged an ""intervention"" to get me to break up with my girlfriend My girlfriend and I have been dating for seven months, maybe a bit less. I'll admit, things are a bit rocky. There was an incident about two months into our relationship, where someone took a photo of her making out with a guy at a party. I confronted her at the time, I was pretty upset, she said I was overreacting and random people make out at parties all the time. In the end, she ended up sincerely apologising, but I was really phased, and we nearly broke up. Basically she used to be best friends with my sister, (who's also 23), and that's how I initially came to know her. But ever since I started dating her, they've grown to hate each other. My sister seems to think she treats me like shit, but I try to focus on the positives. The other day, my family sat me down and talked to me about it. They told me that they think my relationship with her has been very damaging to my personal health and its time I broke up with her. They listed the following things. -She's very demanding of me, unappreciative. -She always demands that I adjust my work life schedule and rearrange things to fit in dates, but she never does the same. For example, sometimes she cancels dates when something she has comes up, like a party with friends, but never lets me do the same. -A few months ago, there was this time when we were out together, and she was around my family. She slapped me on the back of my head and called me an ""idiot"", because we were arguing about something minor at the time. She insists it was just a joke and she was being playful, but it was kind of a hard hit. -My sister states that when my girlfriend is around her friends, and she (my sister) is there, but I'm not there, my girlfriend always talks shit about me and says some pretty mean things sometimes. -That she was incredibly unappreciative of the birthday gift I bought for her, and made quite a fuss over it. -They say she's generally rude to me as a whole and doesn't talk to me or respect me like an equal, but rather talks down to me like a little boy. -My sister pointed out numerous times, including recently, she's seen her flirt with other guys publicly, despite the fact she has a boyfriend. My sister said she feels incredibly angry and irritated when she sees this, because she knows it means the gf doesn't respect me at all. All in all, they said it was a very unhealthy relationship and I should break up with her. I recognise all the points they make, and there is some truth to them, but I feel like while there are many difficulties in our relationship, we're working on them. I'm not sure what to do or how to handle this, any advice? **tl;dr**: Family staged an ""intervention"" to get me to break up with my girlfriend over a whole range of issues, saying my relationship with her is harmful and she doesn't respect me."
"I think Larson could pull it off today Who is your sleeper pick for today's race? I think today might be the day for Larson to finally win one (doubt it, but he loves these 1 1/2 mile tracks, so there's a chance)"
"That would be too far to punish a whole team, he's played his last match this World Cup though. It might be rash - but maybe just disallow the whole team from advancing? Make an example out of him, and nip this thing in the bud."
"Yeah, fuck her for having a drink preference! Starbucks customer places ridiculous order. You won't believe what $100% happens next!"
"His face is screaming in pain, the rest is cool tho Ssbkk Goku"
Something something high divorce rates. It absolutely reflects their judgment.
When a black hole made you his bitch When a black hole forces a star to orbit just like the rest of the planets in the system.
"The top commenter said ""give the medals back"", and the second agreed and added something to the same effect. Naaaw, the inner child in me really wants to know what this was about..."
"well 2 of them are, but reddit don't like hearing that cause fee fee's They're all much too fat for their outfits"
"it's cringy, this kids been coached as fuck to say what the kid says More like an extraordinarily intelligent child with the ability to publish her thoughts online. While I agree that the internet is most likely increasing the average intelligence of humanity (for a host of reasons), I think that this girl may be just as articulate if she wasn't exposed to the internet."
Up vote quote happened to be me understanding that reference. I think Baskin Robbins is more likely to do it.
"He was spinning and barely got grazed, dummy. He got pulled down in the air. What did you want him to do?"
"Was much better after being reheated too. The mashed tasted good, but was very watery after cooking. I had to let it sit for a while to thicken up."
"Don't forget that everything is white except for their Herman Miller chair. As long as we can stop the ""this is my minimalist station"" and a pic of their imac next to their beats by dre."
"Horny college lesbians everywhere, I'll die happy! The last thing you searched on Google appears right in front of you, what happens?"
I just assumed it was a launch party. Speculations as to what this might be hinting towards?
Ohhh... It's not The Onion... Newt Gingrich promises to build a moon colony by 2020; make it a U.S. state
"You should say sorry. As another Canadian; Sorry everyone, this guy is a Scott for sure."
Why does this happen? This is what we have to put up with down under.
"Well most candidates have the ability to talk about a wide range of issues in their stump speeches, but Sanders appears to be limited to just a few topics. So it's bad that he talks about the issues that are important to him?"
was the 1st best moment of the night until Violet came out! Shade Shade Shade (2nd Best moment of the night)
That's a Token of Flight; got 2 of those from the kill target bounties. Is that the one that lets you buy a ship from Variks? I got one from a legendary drop during the story mission
"Witnesses said he went head first, but someone claimed the police scanner said he was critical. so is he dead?"
"I'd like to think he just superglued his hair like that. How did RVD's ponytail never come out? Going through the early and mid 2000s and no matter what kind of match, this dude never gets his hair in his face. He always keeps a perfect ponytail. How?"
"*Dey all dowted me, dow me now* - Assange im not surprised mutherfuckers"
"Are you guys in Colorado, if so I know what happened to the Donner party. Roast Us!"
and yet you'll watch any movie or reality tv show with stunts in them thinking that they are safe. TIL that for a few bucks these women are willing to do tricks with razors that have a good chance of mutilating them should they fail. And there are a lot of men who are ok with that. I can't imagine being that type of guy. Really disturbing.
"i meant overall in pvp it has a lower ttk, but for sweaties, u might find more and more using things like the HAwkmoon, as it has lower TTK in theory You probably meant Nirwen's TTK is higher, not lower"
I don't even know how you saw those without blowing that pic up 100x My eyes focussed right on the nipple at the back.
Sword of the Morning. Hillary vs. The Benghazi Committee
Except they already do? Maybe we need to start mentally screening cops... before we give them guns and authority to shoot people.
I'm subleasing a room Does anybody know where I can search for an apartment with a vacant room? I'll be a freshman on spring 2017
Ok Defense lets do this MNF Game Thread: The Cincinnati Bengals (3-4-1) @ New York Giants (5-3) Broadcast: ESPN. Location: MetLife. Inactives: WR Cruz QB Johnson DB Hall OT Beatty OG Pugh DE Wynn LB Skinner FUCK THE COWBOYS!
"Also since when have they had this rule? There one with 1000 score on the front page, lets delete the one with 3000 score"
"I'm not saying it's impossible, but stopping a car with some speed without power brakes is really tough. I don't understand why he didn't put his brakes on."
"Sounds like something Tasker could do. App that automatically adjusts security settings? Specifically, I'd like my tablet to enable pattern lock when it detects that I'm no longer on my home wifi network, and disable all screen lockers when I'm home. Does it exist? I understand I'd probably have to enter my code once when I got home to confirm the disable (that's intrinsic to android security) but thereafter I'd like to not worry about it."
Cornfields on a warm summer morning. What is a great smell you love?
Not sure I'd want to be the Kerbal that docks in between 12 engines. My first interplanetary transfer vehicle. (Also my first post ever)
use a mak One that expects the majority of the playerbase to be 6-10. Now reading that back. I want to put a gun in my mouth.
"Everyone outside of Sub-Saharan Africa is part Neanderthal. If you're white, congrats, you're part neanderthal"
"*USSR Yeah, an allegory for the URSS doesn't really work for the american congress."
Because they have a lot of money and quite a few people in their pocket. So why don't we sue them for monopoly like Microsoft in teh 1990s?
"And where do those reports go? What? He has absolutely no idea how much paperwork and investigation occurs any time a cop fires a shot, much less kills someone."
"Someone isn't hydrated. Fuck off with telling me to hydrate or stretch Seriously get that shit out of here. Its straight up old gaming nerd culture. Unless you're a south korean youth you know all this shit. I'm tired of people writing patronizing posts ""make sure to shower at TI, make sure to stretch after games, make sure to do XXX"". Dota has been around for awhile a lot of people playing now are adults. Fuck off you freaking smug pricks. If I could somehow find you and punch you in your snot nosed face I would."
"Again, I want to believe it, but the realist in me says ""no way"". His son, Rand Paul, is on track though."
"Much easier when you're getting paid for it. Admittedly, it's hard for me anyways, to stay calm and professional in the face of complete douche bags"
"Considering this looks like 1980's Australia, I genuinely wouldn't have been surprised if that had been the outcome. ""haha you hate Asians? I hate Asians too let's be friends"""
"That describes me perfectly Does anyone else become ""mute"" when they're depressed? When I'm overly stressed or depressed, I don't say a word. Even when my family talks to me, I don't reply. I just sit and stare and sometimes I don't even acknowledge that I've heard what they've said."
"Even if they haven't opened an account until 2016? Doesn't matter, 2015 contribution room carries forward for OP"
It's been retracted :( Amazing! Now I just have to go through the details...
"Clemson seems to give up a lot of points in the games they've been in, what do you think about your defense? thats why this game is really exciting. Dabo is also pretty much unbeatable after a month to prepare. since the orange bowl blunder of 2011. Clemson is 4-0 with a month to prepare for a bowl game."
"It was around 2008, but yes, he did. Didn't he say about five years back that Clinton would make a good President?"
"You're adopted, your parents don't even love you no one gives a shit what you do."
Is it enough to cover basic expenses- yes will you have sufficient savings-depends Is 30k a month enough to survive in bangalore ? Got first Job. 30k salary. Very sad
"""post about your placement result will be removed."" New Season = New Bs"
"You call global warming a bug, huh? Look near the coasts/ near islands. The ""sea level"" has risen sue to a bug that I cannot seem to fix."
"No big deal, I just enjoyed imagining picking wraithlord and imagining wandering around not being able to enter any buildings and still not being in a vehicle lol. Oh my bad I confused the terminator for the dreadnought :s"
"Typical Bruneian hot stuff, it dies down as quickly as it surfaces Is it still trending though ? A lot of my friends used to play pokemon go, now it seems most of them stopped playing. I don't care two shits about that game. Never played it, never will."
So that's what he calls it now? Batman on gender equality
"Same thing that's always been wrong; it never stops guillotine soon You should have said that first, your original argument holds no weight at all. My point is this : just because terrorism kills less, doesn't mean we shouldn't take measures. When winter comes we wear warm clothes for a few months then we stop when it gets warm again. We're dealing with a terrorist crisis right now, so we take measures for a few months, and we'll stop when the threat ends (which looks to be soon). What exactly is wrong with that ?"
"Except when people are watching, in my case. I can throw something and catch it. 9/10 I will catch it without fail."
"He touched you didn't he? See I like the way it smells, except when it's on clothes. Then it just reminds me of my uncle."
"I hear the UN have some diplomatic vacancies if you're interested :) Mate the majority of us get up at ~6 or maybe half 6 for work. Unless you're working nights or chronically ill, then you can get stuffed."
It said in the description that Philadelphia has a no chase policy on bikes. Anyone else a little surprised that no patrol cars ever make an appearance?
"Local councils composed of Arabs in PYD lol. At least that's what they say, I'm sure it's to placate Turkey. Even then I believe that they would still have tremendous influence in the city."
"the American Roadtrip had some amazing cinematography In your opinion, what is the best ""informative"" episode of this show? I'm making a documentary with friends, and I'd absolutely love to take some artistic direction from Top Gear. Problem is, my friends have never seen it. I'd love to start them off with a hilarious episode (such as the Car for Old People, or the Reliant Robin), but I don't think that would showcase the ""documentary"" feel of the show that I want my friends to see. Suggestions?"
"Yeah, but maybe initiatives like this will give the young farts motivation to actually get out and vote next time. Brexit was the result of all the old farts voting. This is appealing to younguns"
Oh snap! One thing that helped me that I'm just going to throw out there start with a sentence.
"To be fair, if you are under duress, like, at gun point, and you can later prove it, you can't be held accountable for documents that you sign. can't consent under duress or intoxicated. ....unless you buy a house, or a car, or credit card purchases...., then that excuse doesn't work."
My balls! Your fruits?
"The origin of light doesn't matter as long as it's consistent, IMO. Poor shading on the doors. The light in textures usually comes from upper left corner."
I expect to see this on Facebook with some ramblings. Surely this would make sense with some context.
"Cool Story Bro Yeah pretty sure the yakuza still has guns. And Japan is a different culture then the US they didn't start off with the same number of guns we have. If you were to out law guns tomorrow there would be millions that would need to be confiscated and I guarantee that you won't get them all. Hell I personaly know a few ways to preserve firearms and store them where no one would find them. I actually have one of these shtf caches set up with some food a gun and ammo and unless I tell you, you will never find it."
"He's the father of my kids...and I'm a guy...meh, that's ok Zucker's gonna be a front-runner for the Cy Young this year."
"Laurent Blanc or Pardew Of course not, but who, realistically, do they bring in?"
"They don't even have to build any studio, just do what every other game does FeelsBadMan I guess the reason all the Championships are held in the US is because Blizzard don't want to have to build 4 big studios to handle the broadcast in each region. Because they're a small indie company etc."
"Of course not, but as someone else pointed out, a black man's, Asian man's, white man's, whatever man's issue is every man's issue. But we're not here for a PR campaign"
"I just want not so popular hero, who could literally shit on sniper in every way (not bullshit thing like Riki, PA or whatever miss russia hero you got there in mind) I played a lot of sniper when I first started playing Dota, then stopped playing him completely up until fairly recently. I hadn't played him since the 6.83c's initial patch release either. Those shrapnel charges are fucking bonkers. You can force literally anyone out of lane. They are so goddamn brutal. And at later points in the match, they make pushing against a Sniper also nigh impossible. I felt guilty after that match, it was so fucking stupid how much shit this hero can get away with."
Dem framerates doe. Same on Xbox. I was happily surprised with how good it looked.
"He'd never have kids, he pulls out at the last minute He could've had multiple children with different women."
"Perhaps they mean that the cluster could be an artificial kindergarten, with a normal-sized Diamond gem emerging from it? Precisely. The cluster is incomprehensibly massive."
"Yeah, now that I think about it, media does enjoy a good solid circle-jerk when they can get it. I'm thinking it's more so a case of the media running with it while Ebola is big in the news. Many of the symptoms for Ebola resemble the flu or a gang of other things, but the hospitals are taking extra precautions given the recent case in Dallas, and the news is picking up these stories and making headlines out of them because that's what the public is eating up right now. So far none of these potential cases have been determined to be Ebola, and all of the articles I've seen have even stated that it's highly unlikely."
"In lore, though there are many kinds of undead, the Forsaken are those undead from Lordaeron and, to a lesser extent, Quel'Thalas who were attacked by the Scourge. Yea, maby if they could add rasses to the Forsaken because Sylvanas ressed them Undead Tauren, Undead Orc or Undead Dwarf or Undead Human or Undead Undead."
.png .gif.jpg
"Dual blade 6* Xenon confirmed? So Gumi lied to us about Xenon's sword, ""Xendar"" and it's origins...."
"Even if it was real he made it like 2 feet, worst superpower ever. Zimbabwe prophet proves he can walk on air. Nothing dodgy here..."
"You're just bad at playing Tracer, that's all She pops out of no where, deals 25 damage and disappears. Your support heals it up. 2 seconds later, she jumps back in to do the same thing. Your support heals it up once again. Rinse and repeat until someone gets sick of it and switches to Mcree. In a game about objectives, she doesn't seem to have a place."
"How shallow are we talking, not that it matters The previous owners of my home buried 2 #12 Romex cables shallowly from the house to the garage 32 feet away."
"Lol, he was being sarcastic. Not that original, I've heard that since '04. I'm pretty sure it popped up in a NOFX song around that time."
I'll never abandon Stannis. I know you are selling all of your Stannis stock and buying Dany stock by the boat loads after tonight's episode
Trolls. Why is MarineKing already listed as defeating DongRaeGu on Team Liquid Wiki?
"Along a similar route, this year I'm redoing all my arduino pro minis with esp8266s for manually triggering props via tablet + wifi. Suggestions for the best pneumatic solenoid controller? I've seen the picoboo and maestro but looking for user feedback...I was looking for one that does both 12v and 24v? Going to try and build my first pneumatic prop..."
Literally thousands of other players are sharing the same problems as you. matchmaking failed I cant join multiplayer
Bennett's injury is from falling over the trash can right? Penguins new Christmas video
"We did get him a ring. Sorry, you know why though. History and stuff."
"Don't forget the outside! Ok, soon!"
I like the cut of your jib. Yes. CAREER. School spirit never goes on vacation.
Give me your fucking money! What is okay for an adult to say but creepy for a child to say?
"Truth **Games** : Smash 64, Brawl, Flash, Sm4sh, Slime Rancher, TF2 and Pokemon **Mains**: Pikachu in 64 and Brawl, Marth and Zelda in Flash, and Ness, Ike and Megaman in Sm4sh. Truth or Dair! Welcome (back) to Truth Or Dair! The rules of Truth or Dair are simple. Comment Truth for a question of any type - relating to smash of course. Comment Dair for a Smash challenge (Add 64, M, B, PM, 3DS, or 4 for game preferences). If you pick Dair, please try to provide some form of evidence. Yes you can do both! Please stick around and post your own questions and challenges to the other participants! Most importantly: Have fun!"
You're late to the *party* (ho-ho-ho) mate. The Green Party?
"I really hope no hinky votes happen tonight, Frank and Day both have been planting seeds and the heat would all go to Tiffany. Big Brother US18 - Daytime Live Feed Discussion - June 30 2016 Good Morning Houseguests! Come talk about what our favorite houseguests are doing as they wake up, get their battery packs and begin their day. If you see something interesting, tell us about it! Don't forget to mention: * What camera you're watching * What day and time is it (Bonus point for Big Brother or Pacific Time )"
"It's a little weird we don't have one, considering the plethora of new young heroes that are popping up. I wish we still had stuff like Avengers Academy :("
"I'd say they both have their uses, I personally prefer mercy stroke on my DRK, and Awareness on my WAR Awareness or Mercy Stroke for DRK? Trying to decide which I will include as my 5th cross class ability to go with Provoke, Foresight, Bloodbath, and Convalescence. I've heard Awareness is too situational to hold any real value from some but then others include it in their must haves. Some say Mercy stroke is useless because ""the last thing DRK needs is more dmg"" while others say ""its free oGCD dmg, why wouldn't you want it?"" Has there been an actual verdict on this?"
We dont *he's dead* Then we wouldn't have Rhodey.
Execute Order 66 I'm voting Error 403. For Biden.
not if you are doing it on an Xbox Doesnt being good at football entail good stamina?
Does anybody know if there will be a European release for the 3DS game? Met Pen Ward today. He signed my sword and i got to ask him some questions (in the comments):0!
"Space shuttle door gunner, here we come! I'll be your gunner"
"The people who do this are fully aware of the risks involved. Hey look at that, an idiot."
It's gorgeous First full dip job. ZRX1100
"I'll recommend that to him. As others have said here, he needs to go see a doctor."
"Nah I'm with you. She's a fucking bitch. Downvote me, I don't care. I fucking hate that stupid bitch. There's fucking video evidence she's a cunt and everyone says it's his fault."
"BF1 has a different (better) dmg model on HC its 125% dmg from bullets, 100% vehicles and explosions While BF4 was 60HP meaning a super low TTK My bad. still, 166% damage is closer to 200 than 125."
"ELO hell doesn't exist I can't tell if that's sarcasm or not... But yes, I did make a higher ELO last season without help from dynamic. Screw that"
"THERE WILL BE NO VIEWS FROM THE 6, ONLY 305 Go Heat..."
"Born and raised in Louisiana, went to San Antonio and the shop keeper asked me where I'm from cause people don't usually say hello/aren't usually so nice. Striking up random conversation with strangers on the street, as someone who loves conversation but sucks at starting them its so refreshing to go to the states and just have people start talking to you about any old thing. If you tried to do that in the south of England where I'm from people would think you're insane"
"Let's be real here, you know most of the gays her age were probably like that during Gaga's debut. ""Gagalicious disco fan"" Naomi Smalls is huge fan of Perez Hilton"
"Inb4 new Valve update: awp ammo reduced to 10/10 Have you ever run out of ammo with your awp? I have never run out of ammo completely with my awp. When I say completely, I mean none in the mag and none on your belt. If you've run out completely, what happened?"
"I ain't never seen no queen in 'er damned undies The Big Lebowski had a ""Production Goddess""."
"Console doesn't have chat... Not necessary, just tell them in chat or whatever."
Uhhhhhhh *throws smoke bomb and escapes* Wouldn't Condiment King be included under the Batman rights?
I looked up queef; I was very amused. I doubt it. I don't think this queef even leaves his house.
Expensive HDMI cables What's a waste of money?
:( So sorry for your loss. We lost toothless yesterday :(
"Yeah that shit is sturdy, my birth certificate has been banging around folded up in my mothers purse for 20 years and it's still not disintegrating ""Bond paper"" means high quality paper that got its name from being the type of paper used for government bonds. Its now also used as letterhead stationary and wedding invitations."
As much as I feel like some of this is throwing shit at a wall and seeing what sticks... a lot of it has been sticking so maybe the supply wasn't there. USL to announce some new franchises in the coming week
"Well now there is CTRL-F ""ice cream"" Surprisingly no results!"
Under God. Home of the locked cellphones.
"accept that trade ASAP. Four 1st Round Picks for Gurley? Offer is on the table to me. Two in '16, Two in '17 for my Gurley. I have such a hard time valuing picks vs. players. 12 Team, PPR for what it's worth."
"the Young Wolf was only 16 :( he was put in a nearly impossible situation (an insane Karstark, a conflicted Theon, a hateful Frey and a treacherous Bolton), trusted the wrong people and was betrayed in a horrific manner by Bolton and Frey. Basically i think Robbs major sin is he never knew how too deal with people, he won all the battles but he never won a single ally. It cost him an alliance with the Ironborn and it cost him Walder Frey loyalty. Walder craved respect more than anything. To be told that he had broken his marriage pact by raven? what an insult. Robb should have waited to marry the girl (or not married her at all) he should have called for his father in law to be an advisor, hand to the king, flattered him but also winkled him out of his castle. Then you tell him about it, you tell him how you need HIM too break the marriage pact to save your honour and blah blah blah, throw in the bribe of a marriage with your uncle, maybe a couple of castles for lesser sons. In private and telling him first, he had to hear about it third hand, knowing the blackwoods and brackens and half the riverlands were laughing at him. That's what caused him to switch sides, it wasn't logic, it was shame, it was wrath. One of Robb big mistakes here is if you are trying to make up for something you have to offer something the same value or more, you can't take away a marriage to a king and give back a marriage to a lord, that's an insult."
"Thematically/functionally: awesome Practically: may be OP haha If Graves W's where he knows a ward is, the ward's vision should be denied for the smokescreen duration"
You realise it's the top 2 players that go from na sooo Bjergsen and Double I think Pls vote for aphro i really think doublelift aphroo has the best synergy
"Excellent point. In some republican States, a pharmacist has the right to refuse sales of birth control to a customer. This is just a way to make it ""available"" to women, and then deny access. Don't let the smooth taste fool you."
"Gordon Ramsey said in a recent AMA that this is his ""weakness"". Well obviously the atmosphere and treatment of the employees is only two variables. Also, I've never understood the great love for In Out burgers. I've had them. They're not that great. Not bad, but not great. You're basically getting what you paid for."
"You're talking about something completely different. No, you see, you can only get as much happiness from buildings as your population, which normally just means you can only produce as much happiness as you take away, but with social policies and such you can produce extra happiness as any civ."
"I use a Logitech Keyboard too, but in my case I can select what the power button does using the Setpoint software. Hate to admit it, it has happened to me more than once..."
Find a way to incorporate something that contrasts from the rest of the fit And by that you mean?
Pervasive. Ubiquitous.
"Care with the knife, the idea is the keep the surface smooth so it can make as good a contact as possible. My MSI R9 290x Gaming 4G kept hitting 94c easily so I decided to check on the thermal paste. Almost NSFAMD"
Or any captain's mode game. So basically... every high level game?
"I am an outright reactionary INTJ. Politically Conservative INTJ? I think I might be the only politically conservative INTJ. Technically, I'm more of a moderate, but I identify more as a conservative. Is that weird for an INTJ? How many conservative INTJs are there?"
"More like Hufflepuffpuff, amirite? hufflepuff are clearly the stoners."
"no hes right, they went to the Esports Arena in Santa Ana, i was there and they played it there. nope"
"Hockey What's your favourite sport? What's your favorite sport either to play or to watch? I love tennis, golf, squash and a bit of cricket"
Lmao ~Cooking with Bernie~ Step One: Go to a neighbors house. Step Two: Ask them what they are having for dinner. Step Three: Grab a seat at their table and wait to be served.
"You are just the worst This'll make a lot of people really mad, but.... I got the chest boots and arms after my first full raid. And I already had an exotic helm So I was 30 after 2 weeks. Never had to repeatedly run big hoping for the chest. First try!"
"I think I've been making omelettes wrong What? No. No, he shouldn't do that at all. If you drop an egg on the floor while you're trying to make an omelet, do you just take the whole carton and throw it against the wall?"
Use the upvote button. ^ the correct answer
18 1) Birdman 2) Mad Max: Fury Road 3) The Revenant 4) Monsters Inc. 5) High and Low
Tell that to ti4s $10m+prizepool I thought DOTA's eSport scene was the joke here?
"Just got it used today from gamefly for 19.99 and am looking forward to platinuming it. its underrated, i agree wolfenstein has been the most enjoyable solo FPS for me."
A GMO salmon farm ran by Adolf Harper as well. Only if it leaked into a GMO salmon farm.
"I've only been following the team for about 4-5 years now and I'm still pretty upset about it. Seems to be only people on here, who haven't been fans for anywhere near long enough to be fed up of this shit. I've been fed up for years, even before I was using reddit. RVP leaving was the final straw for me. Ever since then I've been in meltdown mode"
"Of course With my strap on corkscrew dick, of course!"
"Also, on the T-Mobile software update page for MM, Z3 is nowhere to be found. What do you mean? I see that they have a 5.1 update available. Apparently marshmallow is planned, but it'll just take time (the unfortunate part of having a phone with a custom skin). In the meantime, not much is being missed, other than the ability to improve battery life (depending on usage)."
"Didn't the previous regime trade for Roy Halladay, Cliff Lee, Roy Oswalt and Hunter Pence? Jeremy Hellickson trade the kind previous regime failed to make"
"Cmon bro, Bartolo doesn't have the heat he used to, but he can throw better than an 85mph fastball belt high and in the pull zone 2-0 withstanding. When I first saw the video, I thought maybe Bartolo grooved one. But after seeing another video of the full at-bat, it was a 2-0 count at that point, so he was trying to get a strike over and Dee crushed it."
Why don't they treat all customers like that? Chick-fil-A is now giving preferential treatment to entitled parents... and using it in their marketing.
tri**me**thyla**m**in**e** **t**r**i**methy**l**amine
"She's been spending too much time with David O. Russell, I think. Have you seen her in interviews this year? She's been kinda bitchy in a number of them. Like, entitled, my-opinion's-better-than-yours."
He means their pet cat 'Too lazy' 'their too lazy' to click on *presumably* good music?
I hope she votes no! College student would be sole voter in CID sales tax decision
"I'm sure I could handle a playoff heartbreak opposed to a regular season Browns heartbreak Don't worry, they're not much fun anyways and much more heartbreaking"
"Do you mean it? Eh, Arkansas has kinda always been the conference screw-up."
"DMR/LMG rounds should pierce the glass with sustained fire. The problem is that right now the shields need to be flanked by either a person or damage. You can't get nitro behind a shielder and if your team is gathered around the bombs (which, depending on the other team's composition, can range from impenetrable to indefensible) you're toast. What is needed is a balanced way to do damage from the front, not enough to make shields worthless but enough to make them not totally invincible."
I love some off brand shoes Wow. And I was happy because a new army surplus shop was opening in town and I could get new boots...
"But...but...Mad Men.... Unless if you had to write a paper about what you learned about the other person it means say hello and state your opinions about the assignment (most likely calling it bullshit), unless if it's college then it means say hello and state major and class level, get contact info, find meetings times, and then talk about the assignment, possibly even skipping meeting if you already have contact info. In no way is this blind date and in no way should you date or get attached to a group member because one nothing will ever get done at meetings and two what happens if the relationship goes sour. You're not supposed to try and bang every set of attractive tits you see in the business world, especially a coworker, it's how life goes."
"Wow sounds like a very cool boss. My first job was working at subway. My boss was awesome. He was like a big kid. So one day, there I am behind the counter minding my own business when all of a sudden this fucker sprays me with water. He had a water gun. So I spray him with the sink sprayer. Next thing I know, somehow all of us employees end up in the back parking lot having an all out war. Lots of water bottles and one garden hose involved. Closed the place early that day."
Idk people always say this but I'm not sure what they're looking at (examples pls lol) what's strange about it?
"Metaphor, do you speak it? I mean, you literally just called about half the adult population of your country children, but I understand what you're saying. Just be aware that, as I say, this is what we did with Brexit. Look how that turned out."
Is this Old School Runescape or an old recording? Lets play - Runescape (no hax edition)
Ackley's triple with the bases loaded too. How I felt when Smoak brought in that 3 run homer.
"MLS can't beat the mexican league and people like you act like MLS can compete with some Euro leagues even division 2 while in the US Open cup most MLS teams were beaten by MLS wannabe leagues. Most of the big leagues world wide have been around for a hundred years or more, literally. MLS has been around for 17. The top young athletes in those countries go into soccer almost exclusively. In the US, there's football(American rules), baseball, basketball, and hockey to compete with. Most of the top leagues around the world are in close proximity to each other, so there is lots of crossover competition, player movement, and community. The US is really only in close proximity to the Mexican leagues. That MLS has come so far in such a short time is amazing."
"Everyone gets lucky from time to time, I've never been lucky in a game but in this one it's another story. Thanks. Yeah it seems I'm doing something very wrong then haha"
"This I like Maybe keep a permanent link to the most recent PP minor league report in the sidebar? I already go there every day anyway, but it would be cool to have a link to those reports prominently displayed. Just a thought."
"Maybe they're trying to cross over with ace attorney and one day gaur plains will become lake gourdy And don't forget the typo in one of the Nintendo trailers. The famous ""Guar Plains"". Now we have Gaur, Guar, and Gour Plains. That must be confusing."
The Postal service- Give up What album would you rate a perfect 10?
"Yeah like, allies pulling air to distract them. Rocketpods are a pain when they are just there farming. It is not fun for the rest of us on the ground taking the point. Something needs to be done..."
"Privileged. Sargon of Akkad exposes sexism of BBC's Big Questions programme: ""Does Social Media Reveal Men's Hatred for Women?"""
"SoJ drop from Andy. BS aside, when do you experience pure happiness?"
TIL that 70% of Americans have no need for a passport. TIL 70% of Americans do not own a passport.
"Wats the best snes emulator i can get to run mega man x2 on a laptop thats like 8 years old and slow as hell? ELI5: Why is it so difficult to create PC emulators for game consoles that have been around for years (like the PS2, GameCube etc)?"
"hes not really a journalist, hes a content creator Because hes a journalist, not an analyst....content = cash monies"
I burned your house down weeks ago fam wait please dont hurt my house
"no, with jdc4 and jfc4 The skills to sit in one, maybe. All of the Jump Drive skills are VERY time consuming."
"Damn, that sucks.... Thanks for the heads up. Thanks I appreciate it. Warning about the brooks they're a PAIN to break in. First day was like torture. The leather lining is very stiff at first."
"Then don't bother with 3D printing. I have built my own computer, the building isnt trhe problem. Im just too lazy to build it/ I dont have a lot of space to lay out all the parts"
"2 Fast 2 Amphibious. Fast and Furious 7: We're Coming for You, Poseidon."
Dave grohl doesn't owe you anything Foo Fighters.
You do a good MSM impression! The economy is fine everyone! Nothing to see here! LA-LA-LA-LA-LA I CAN'T HEAAR YOU!!
"That would involve having self-awareness I'm pretty sure that would kill them, that said it bothers me that this comic's art-style reminds me somewhat of Ren and Stimpy's portrayal of human emotions for some reason. I also find it amusing that they think the movies are awful and the 90s suck because they got offended rather than going 'holy shit maybe I'm a whiny baby'"
Unless falling? IMHO it needs to be removed and EAC needs to check player speed server side and ban anyone going too fast.
Do you even WOLOLO? Freedom units don't convert
Jared? A fifteen year old
"I think South Park is on comedy central too, and the avengers is on maybe fx or something like that? If anyone is looking to see something good tonight, The Dark Knight is on SpikeTV right now"
"Agility ^^kappa Best AFK things to do while studying? Hey guys. Saw some guy with 99 wc and like 20k mage logs while studying (he posted here before). was just wondering besides woodcutting, what other skills/things are afk to do while studying? thanks guys"
"Make sure to invite some ladies, I'm not sure you can handle 6 feet one on one I know what I'm having for lunch tomorrow"
"Don't start comments with ""LOL""... LOL, no-one cares. Seriously. Nothing is going to come from this. The average person does not give a shit. Not enough people will ever care to make a difference."
"We could make such a dank video if we got a VOD of phantom saying that and then going back to his old habits. This might get buried in the comments, but he said on stream yesterday that he was trying to commit himself to getting to global on stream and to play a ton more cs."
and here I sit unemployed applying for dozens of IT jobs without one fucking interview. European Union helps match refugees with science jobs
"4chan culture is just the modern day equivalent of demanding small town conformity. I feel like this goes against 4chan culture/gamer culture where everyone who wants attention is either an attention whore or a troll. See the whole ""tripfag"" thing for users who keep a tripcode on 4chan. I also remember seeing a strem where a guy got SWATted and he told everyone not to bring attention to it or talk about it , because the trolls would leave if you didn't pay attention to them. I'm guess this is part of why they've been saying the things that they do."
"Finally, something worth watching on TV If Don Bradman woke up from his death and turned on to watch cricket today how confused will he be? What would he have thought of T-20 in general?"
omgg xd le fresh memmeys from 9gag the memmey factory xD I found this gem. Never forgotten
"I'm thinking I should replace Purphoros and one Iroas with two impact tremors, If you're building around dash, [[impact tremors]] would synergize nicely, give you some reach around muddy board states"
"It's fun, but it's not even close to what I hope a Paradox Cold War game would be. Try Twilight Struggle (board game or digital version). About as good of a Cold War experience as the world will ever get."
Luckily he was white so it would have been only 4 warning shots. If the cop didn't have a taser that guy might have got eight warning shots to the back. If he wasn't white.
So *this* is Nebraska... Crazy neighbor freaked out because I was doing laundry. I started recording her temper tantrum.
He will be in a perfect position to do so. Terrence Jones
Best Harlem Shake I've seen in a while. Riot GamesTM does the Harlem Shake
A pretty solid example of why to teach yourself to not panic double jump. Pulled off a nice finish to a TMG game
"God doesn't exist sorry to offend you. You should do some homework. Atheists typically don't defend islam. Oh, and if your only purpose was to insult us, then fuck off."
You just gotta put your anamorphic lenses on. LOL. WTF happened to Canada?
why air rune? tried herring + air rune at holgart. Didn't work :/
"I'm scanning it for a friend. ""Excuse me, uh, let me just, uh, squeeze past you so I can scan this code... thanks."""
"He looks like an ashtray made out of diseased assholes, which is fine because the world doesn't need Curt Schilling. He looks like shit"
My man! I actually prefer pinning icons to the taskbar rather than having desktop icons.
"just trying to be as transparent as possible We're not worried about fighters gaining a bunch of weight on fight week, we're worried about them losing a bunch of weight on fight week."
"Yeah, that was me with the 9th circuit case... I was actually hoping it had been an MBE question so we could settle this once and for all, but I think what I wrote with the other comment makes sense... First degree pre-mediated = specific intent, other murder = malice, manslaughter = general intent It was a question for the Virginia testing day which may have had something to do with it, but a different reply referenced a 9th circuit case which is certainly not Virginia. It was Barbri. Ill upload a pic if you want."
"I was having food, NSFW-tag this shit next time, please. The cringe is real"
Neat I think I went overboard making my Xsplit camera
"no it wouldn't and either way this election goes its hard to imagine not ending up that way, especially if Crooked wins Would a civil war even surprise anyone at this point? Trump supporters yell ""Bill Clinton rapes"" when given a chance to talk to the man. Black Lives Matters shoots cops and tells whites to get to the back or get out. There is no middle in American politics any more. What's left but open violence?"
You guys are really digging too deep here I can sum the core of the issue up in one word : Florida. Dipshit mom leaves 3 year old and 1 year old alone in the car. Negligence all around.
And both do have a great case for the best at their position with the proper longevity. that's our kicker's nickname.
"The medium is the message. JFK vs Nixon debate what can we learn? So, if you love politics you have heard the whole Nixon looked sweaty in the debate, and that it was the turning point of the campaign. People always say the same thing, that those who watched it on TV thought Kennedy won. While those who listened on radio thought Nixon won. I was wondering if it might not be how Nixon looked, but the audience that was different. I mean imagine if a debate happened today between Sanders and Cruz. This debate is held online and on the TV. I would imagine that younger people would be more likely to watch online, and because they are more likely to be Bernie fans they would think he won. Even though the media they are consuming is essentially the same. You guys think this has any merit?"
"I'd consider watching ""Children of Men"" the future will probably look more like that :( So, I mean, is England heading towards V for Vendetta territory or is it still on track for Orwell's 1984?"
"Common Unity party. I have a proposition, everyone. So, //clears throat// we all know that communism is amazing and is the only way to save humanity from its inevitable self-destruction blah blah blah, *but* the word, itself, has a negative connotation in today's culture. //cough//thanksobama//cough// AND SO, I think that we should think of another name for it because people will obviously follow it (because it's awesome), but they won't listen to ""communist"" thoughts. So I was thinking ""Superawesomemegaunicornforces"" but I want to know what you guys can come up with. &lt;3 **tl;dr:** let's rename communism to trick the Americans OuO"
"this is genius, i'm going to annoy the crap out of someone tonight, thanks! If you want to be extra jerkish, correct people in an actual conversation out loud and see the look of confusion in their face as they try to puzzle out if they actually used there wrong."
"If he was really helping her, when she fell and hit her head, he would have... you know... gotten her help. people do occasionally slip and fall when they are blackout drunk..."
"Your life k, make a joke"
No wonder the African-American couple isn't facing tax increases - the husband looks like Eric Holder! Of course the African-American couple are the only ones who aren't facing a tax increase. Obama is subversively instituting slavery reparations through his socialist income redistribution policies!
"Shirley, you must be joking. DAE HAET JUSTIN BEIBER?!?!? XDXD xX420WEEDXx #YOLO #SWAG FOLLOW MY INSTAGRAM: Swag4Lyfe Stop with this fucking circle jerk already. You guys are acting like fucking jealous 5th graders."
"The free child labour and better delivery service. So, what's different from normal FedEx operations?"
"Clipping acts like a brand new application, there's no pro-rating of time remaining from the previous DoT. Another DoT question: does swtor have any clipping forgiveness? Like if I apply a dot again in it's last three seconds it will be duration + time remaining? Or will it just erase time remaining mans put the new one at its max duration?"
box You're not you when you're hungry.
Before they even see your picture? Mine is that most of the time once they find out I'm Asian they stop talking to me.
"Your flair is perfect. Way to argue about the dumbest part of the movie other than Orlando Bloom. Tauriel doesnt even fucking exist in the books, goddamn. Nobody gives a fuck. I laughed my ass off when that happened because I *knew it was going to happen* because Peter Jackson can't stay away from ruining his movies with tropes."
Roughly 17 years ago. sorry when did you start watching Man United? You've certainly had better squads than that
Same here in the netherlands. Pretty much every McDonald's restaurant in Poland has one like this
"I meant Kubiak, not Schaub. Yeah, and we definitely should've cut him last year. Probably right after his trip to Hawaii for the Pro Bowl."
I understand. rather not say to keep anonymity
Black people all look the same to me. Excitement
No names allowed Why I like zone chat
"They are at the EDSA Shrine, I believe, which, of course, is a Catholic church. Hm. That's new to me. Which portions of their protest(s) were on consecrated ground?"
Being around other drunk people What do you enjoy doing when you're drunk?
"[[Commune with the Gods]] can enable graveyard jank as well Correct, at the moment I have no gameplan without HS except to get lucky long enough to hardcast the BBMF's. I threw in shred mem to fetch and am going to add the 4th summoning. Though still unclear on gameplan without HS."
I thought I was that they came from China and most of the women there are petite. Oh I thought the point was to demonstrate that they were stretchy.
Typical Real Madrid Sergie Ramos humiliates himself with a strong Fallon d'floor contender. Absolutely embarrassing.
Much like MLB it seems. Gets a lot more popular toward tournament time.
"He can also tap the NPA too! Since Duterte became a president he can tap all the intelligence agency and manpower he needs. Like NBI,PNP,PDEA,ARMY and everything goes on."
"I feel like that is basically what I said, so yeah I agree with you. No it's saying that they're above feeling emotion to somebody only insulting them with words."
Down. Steam down? None of my friends can connect.
"Perhaps it's a metaphor: using golden picks is frustrating because they die all the time. PSA: The survival flair shold be a heart instead of a golden pickaxe Why is it a golden pick anyway, doesn't make much sense."
"I like your creativity... If it was covered in well sculpted alien dicks by hr giger, whilst a well done piece of art, it would still look shitty and be a shitty car mod. A car like this raised up to twice its height with millimetre thin tyres looks ridiculous."
"Those wheels spawn bosses, at least thats what i could tell from the youtube videos. Naryu Lab WHEEL?! Hay ppls, i heard therse a new wheel in the new dungeon Naryu Lab? Does anyone knows (maybe from TW, or KR) what the loottable is? I know it could be different at EU/NA but then we maybe know if its worth to use it."
Bro.. they're two and a half from the third seed. bro they are a half a game from being out of the playoff picture... you can only trust in faith so much.
"Nothing to identify the suspects? World War II Veteran, 91, Brutally Beaten in NorCal Home-Invasion Dies Days Before Veterans Day: A 91-year-old World War II veteran who was brutally beaten in a recent home-invasion in Northern California has died, according to CNN-affiliate KOVR in Sacramento."
are you absolutely certain? Super mario bros world one theme
He looks like a grizzly bear. I think it's about time they updated The Rock's wax figure.
picture 5? No sli bridge? What's the deal Op?
"Border Collies. When you think of a dog, what breed first comes to mind?"
"And if he'd been here legally, it would've just been an argument. Seriously. A man *killed his wife*. Not only that, the man killed his wife *directly because* of his illegal immigration status. And he writes a whole article about how we should say ""undocumented"" instead of ""illegal"". This is truely astonishing to me. It's to the point that I'm having a hard time grasping the concept that this isn't satire"
"It's called douche chills... Spike Lee is a douche, hence the chills ;) Seeing it here irks me in a way that I find difficult to describe."
"You can, but you don't deserve it. Can't watch the video atm, do I get the mask if I donate to the charity?"
I think only popular books go on sale. Could always pirate it and then buy it later when it's cheaper/on sale.
I think Portland's profile is greater then the reality as far as bike friendliness ...there is a lot of good there but to rank it above a town with 55% of the population on a bike is a bit overboard in my opinion I wish it could actually match up to the hype around it 50 best cycling cities of the last 5 years Taking other rank lists and mashing them together for a comprehensive list of the best cities for biking
"I want the end credits scene to just be a full game of chess between them. The only thing I hope for is at the very end of the movie, even post credits. Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen are shown sitting in a NYC park starting a game of chess."
"On worldnews, submitting the actual leak itself is ""opinion"", an article about the leak and its content is news.. New Edward Snowden? Whistleblower leaks documents on drones and Obama's assassination program"
"Why don't you just say ""no"" instead of passive aggressive bullshit? Whoever does this shit is a right cunt."
You never realize legos hurt until you step on them What hurts more than most people realize?
"And then some asshole accelerates. Massive 2,800+ player battle in EVE Online took place today. Here's what that looks like..."
What can we do to make it at least 3/4? I would say a quarter.
Got to spin it to sell it. *Sighs*
"Rachel from Friends, and Diane from Cheers are two of the only actors I ever wanted to beat to death in a TV show. Rachel wanted to essentially not have a relationship but have the control over Ross' personal life that inheres in a relationship. That's fucked up, man."
C'mon guys he was just trying to be spooky for the kids! German kids pressured into proclamation of Islamic faith for Halloween
"I just made a post where I explained that it is extremely unlikely that Jon Snow is Rhaegar Targarean and Lisa Stark's son but I got more than 10 down votes and not a single reply as to why I should think differently. I got downvoted once for saying the nudity in Game of Thrones didn't appeal to me. And this was in a ""unpopular opinion thread"", too."
"You know they will say take the guns away from cops, too. So what do they say when you point the contradiction to them?"
"One of them could just go in spawn, switch to engie, and fix the sentry before switching back. This would be fair only if the enemy team had a way of destroying the sapper before full conversion. Otherwise, spy suicides in, kills engineer, saps building, and the rest of the team either has to scramble to destroy the sentry or get mowed down by the converted sentry. I dunno. This idea would be hard to balance. Make it too easy for the enemy team to destroy the sapper and it'd be too unreliable to use. Make it too hard, and one errant engineer can screw his entire team."
61-58? Wins: TCU 5 other teams Losses: Anybody but TCU
Luckily my Ex was not tech savvy and has no internet presence. Your ex. Let it go.
"Nice fish, and one handed too. 4 pounder off a green pumpkin senko"
"Greatest show on Earth was life changing for me Just started reading a book... ""The God Delusion"" - Richard Dawkins Just curious to see if anyone else had read it and if it's any good."
"Ow my bad, I dint mean the jewish population but the Muslim :P. Let me fix that. You're a Jew? Then go to the local Jewish community center and tell them to stop supporting the invasion. Jewish organizations are among the most ardent supporters of open borders and ""tolerance""."
Fuck em Greyhound industry launches legal bid to stop shutdown
"400ish and got: luneth,greg,elza, delita, and lightning How much did you spent, and which 5 stars based did you get? Just wondering how much you spent in the course of chasing 5 star based units? I will be honest and i spent about 500 cash in total, including the bundle deals etc. Out of this 500, spent about 400 trying to chase Luneth during his banner but failed. Learnt a lesson and decided not to spend any money other than the festival deals. Lucky me RNGesus shine upon me during my random rare summon ticket draws, and drew a Noctis. What are your experiences?"
Only on Skyrim This isn't accurate at all. Steam is allowing modders *the option* to charge for their mods if the *modder* wants to.
"#2 ? Yes but as per my life code, I will only try a tiny bit. 1. I give up time to volunteer for 3 hours a week. 2. Summer is my favourite season. 3. The ratio of animals to people is 2.5:1 in my house."
"(With stiff upper lip and haughty accent...) ""I always knew those scoundrels down there were nothing but ignorant know-nothings!"" But it was southern town which means they are probably conservative republicans and the story really feeds into my caricature of what conservative republicans in the south are like so it must be true."
"I don't run a server but I think these lines in your game.ini will do the trick NPCReplacements=(FromClassName=""MegaRaptor_Character_BP_C"",ToClassName=""Raptor_Character_BP_C"") NPCReplacements=(FromClassName=""MegaRex_Character_BP_C"",ToClassName=""Rex_Character_BP_C"") NPCReplacements=(FromClassName=""MegaCarno_Character_BP_C"",ToClassName=""Carno_Character_BP_C"") Disabling Alphas Permanently? Is there any way I can permanently disable Alphas on my private server? Sorry if this is the wrong place to ask, I looked through the rules and didn't see anything against technical questions."
"But the study says they couldn't tell how much of a problem that was. He won't get any more funding if he concludes that, best to ignore his conclusions and use the information from his study to debunk the myth that it's anti-vaxxers spreading disease, the reality is it's the recently vaccinated who do this."
It's fan-fucking-tastic! I'm now very curious. Must buy watermelon tomorrow.
The unimportant part Well some of Ireland is part of Britain if I'm not mistaken.
I mean.... Im sure Washington wouldn't mind a brand new Mariota I seriously doubt a trade like that will happen again. No one player is worth that many potential selections and I think all the teams that didn't already realize that figured it out when things fell apart in Washington over the past 2 years.
I need dis. Got a new t-shirt for Christmas
now lets restrict access to welfare - that'll teach 'em. Fuck yeah Christians!!
"I played street fighter once, does that count? So, you ever been in a street fight?"
"The block chain would tell you if the split parts end up rejoining later in a different wallet, though. Tumblers don't keep records. It's kinda the idea behind them :p"
Now it says it will open in about 1 hour Assumed the 3 hours had to be wrong since it makes no sense whatsoever. Even if they decided everyone in EU would get it at GMT midnight it would still be going over that by 1 hour.
"My social anxiety. Reddit, besides your phone, what is something you never leave the house without?"
The pissing contest is without end. TIL there's a second caste of hipsters within the caste of vinyl hipsters.
"You're an avid driver; you do realize that ""Best Place on Earth"" isn't on the license plates right? You may want to sit down for this, but has it ever occurred to you that British Columbia *isn't* the best place on earth? I know the obnoxious licence plates may have you believe otherwise, but Vancouverites spend too much time thinking they're living the dream when in reality, there's trouble in paradise."
"Prolly pregnancy-fat, that's all. This picture is so terrible, I'm not completely convinced it's actually her."
"McMuffin: ""Oh God, he's shitting on me again..."" LIVE Stream: President-Elect Donald Trump THANK YOU Rally in Des Moines, IA with Silver Fox Mike Pence 12/8/16"
"A hefty dose of Red Hot Chili Peppers. Reddit, your username is now a disease. What is the cure?"
"Well, his name *is* trolluback... Yeah, read some of his other comments, he's anti-Israel and is posing as pro-Israel."
Yah it's just not something you would put together with how much of the game there is out now so better safe then sorry It's really not that much of a spiller. It's from Re:Coded.
the real problem is that you were standing still not moving your mouse for a whole minute. Every. Time.
Specifically ESEA CS:GO
You could do the whole $10 trade up deal and be playing for that 2.5 weeks. Going to be a long 2.5 weeks waiting to get my hands on COD Ghosts.
"Tax free, as long as you're willing to donate a thousand to a charity of your choosing. Tax free?"
"^ This. It's more likely the relatively high blood flow. The parts of your body with the best blood flow heal the fastest. Eyelids are also very quick to heal for this reason, and extremities slow to heal."
"Arthur does, the rest get men with coconuts. do they get real horses?"
"Well, I avoid seafood altogether, but yeah, gulf is poisoned pretty thoroughly now too. Avoid gulf seafood as well. The spill isn't quite cleaned up, the highly toxic 'don't mind us whilue we simply hide the massive extent of this oil spill by sinking.all of the formerly floating sheets of oil - to sink into the zone if all sea life' corexit. Not a good time. Especially when the FDAs inspection method is ONLY reliant on a human's sniff, you're probably eating shit that's to kill you much quicker than normal."
"Sydney population is tipped to hit 5 million within weeks ... if rents are ""overinflated"" it's only because people need to live somewhere. So 1. prices are absurdly high, 2.there's a whole lot of property that could flood the market, and 3. prices won't fall. Seems like a flimsy triangle."
"scarlet, meet the scarlets, theyre the modern vampire family :P U.N. Owen Was Her? - Touhou 6: Embodiment of Scarlet Devil"
Is this really top comment on a post about an Impact time slot change? John Cena's US Title Open Challenge comes to a live NXT special on June 3.
"No, that's from starring at a LCD screen for over 8 hours without blinking. This comment hurts my head"
"So did they get something good for lunch today? Live Feed Discussion - September 22, 2014 Discuss today's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
August 13th When's your birthday bud
"Well this guy is a geologist which makes it worse. I had a history teacher that went on about how evolution is just a theory, and vigorously denied that humans originated in east africa. (This may be something to do with the fact the he rubbed off as a bit of a racist)"
"belas fotos! Some pics from a Weekend in Vila nova de Cerveira, Portugal (a6000+Sigma 30mm 2.8)"
RIP Kasich Super Smash Election 2016
The species was thought extinct for at least 6 years... We got ourselves a clicker!
"It will go by tomorrow's rate. If I transfer USD to an overseas account now, will it go at the current rate or whatever it crashes to in the morning?"
I can't protest I have to go to work and I have tickets to a basketball game Otherwise we would see a change in government. The media reporting on these issues would have a field-day.
"ITT: ""I'm not racist..."" My friend, one of the nicest people I know, waited on a couple on Valentine's. They left him this."
"It only works every time 60% of the time Darn, I thought this sex panther was fool proof"
Thanks! Tsn in Canada and NBCSN in the US I think
"I used to automatically do this, but after a while i realized they were just annoying me, so i simply blocked youtube comments with adblock, and now everything about youtube seems better. A lot of people (myself included) more often than not will open a video and scroll down to read like the first few comments, I don't know why, it's probably stupid as all hell and will affect the way a video is watched but it's pretty common."
"On mobile so I can't link, but they have a GitHub page already where they're already putting up a bunch of forked/rebrabded code for the project. Can i ask where you read that, because i found only 1 official mention of L.OS (apart from the gh) and it was the blog post, simply announcing it. No word about anything else Lineage."
"They basically said the building/area is their's, and the people who support them's, for ""a few years."" Are these guys trying to steal this building?"
He went to the ones in the Village with the People. Activities?
"Almighty Rumps ""Just add in some happy little dingles"""
*There will never be a Jewish UAE* Cuz UAE is best frat
"Your parallel to Michael Scott is scary accurate for most breeders. Totally. I've come to accept the fact people want kids, for whatever reason, but I can't accept people that have a shit ton of them and pretend it's this great, magical thing. Kind of reminds me of that The Office bit where a young Michael Scott says he wants lots of kids so he can have lots of friends and they couldn't say no."
"Yea, just executed poorly. Did they keep the same twist?"
"Empire, thermal svg and the lcar i was literally watching through throwback bo2 stuff yesterday, and that team was one of them. that kap 40 on raid if anyone remembers"
The team was looking really good as well D: TSM Tryouts for Support
"That's clearly a custom bike, so I'd imagine a custom camelback wouldn't be too far outside the realm of possibilities. I was thinking the same thing. I mean, all you have to do is put an arm through each strap and then... Oh."
"Minimum. she's not fucking 29 years old, she looks like she's in her mid to late 30s"
"strange how refugees are welcome, but law abiding people are restricted Different world"
Were you a school teacher before the accident? What psychic powers do you have now?
"I agree, but they recognize their mistake in lack of clarity and will be addressing it all next week in-detail. Sorry to be frank, but what would have cleared everything up would have been informing people what they were getting in to ahead of time, rather than after they've already bought their phone. Unless the explanation is ""actually you will get updates, and the only hold up will be the carriers (as ever)"" then I kinda can't see this clearing things up... And I say this as someone with no horse in this race (I have a Pure), but someone who understands why people feel the goalposts have been moved once they've already handed over money."
"You're right, I was thinking of those two Taylor Walker tackles a few years ago against Taylor and Morris where it was play on and he got a free for holding the ball, but I forgot he got suspended afterwards. Well that's entirely untrue but ok."
Very handsome :) Handsome?
"You just.... click the link.... o.O Yes but if you click the ""comments"" button it's disabled. None of the comments appear."
"60$ for game, 50$ for season pass, and I still don't get to play the game to its full extent? And they should. Maybe not through the RNG supply drop but directly or in another way. Regardless of if you guys want free content or not, treyarch and it's employees still spend time and money on creating these weapons and cosmetics. The world doesn't run for free and in the end money is what keeps company's, such a treyarch going. They can't do everything for free."
"Yes but prettier,and not as frustrating when you join a game and immediately see a raptor that tears you to pieces in your pooped loin cloth ....Ark: Survival Evolved?"
#\#DinosaurLivesMatter The killing of trophy animals has to stop!
Ted is the type of guy who let his wife have sex with black men while crying in the corner. #**TED CRUZ IS THE TYPE OF GUY TO PROMISE TO ENDORSE YOU ...AND THEN DOESN'T.**
Only 12 volumes were every published and it is out of print because of Tokyo Pop :( Is that Beck? I think I need to buy that manga also.
"That and the fact that Flappy Bird hasn't been around for 11 years... A solid story, A-, but with one major flaw: Elephants have excellent memory. They'd never forget that they are herbivores."
Sociopathatic robot would be a great band name wouldn't it? Or a chat bot that has become sentient and will nuke the planet leaving five individuals to torture for all eternity.
I'm aroused FUCK
"how do you tech that side b doh? Its called Teching, and its an essential smash skill, it lets you react to get knocked down on the ground or launched in to a wall. A great application, even for casual play is learning how to Tech Ganon's side-b attack, flame choke. when he drops you on the ground you can Tech it and roll away before Ganon can follow up on an attack. ***Teching saves stocks. Learn to Tech.***"
"Yes, and I'm literally shaking because of how much your post triggered me Are you literally retarded? Where's my smart pedes at?"
"*cowspiracy I saw cows too. This is some kind of conspiracy. The link must change once you click it. I refuse to believe that didn't say ""cows"" when I first looked."
"3 months is still way too much and the fact that Valve is keeping their fucking mouths up doesn't help either. There's some happy medium between LoL's once every two weeks balancing and DotA's once every FUCK YOU balancing. These games need patches to stay fresh, but they do need a bit of time to sort themselves out."
Why did they pick cubone? A little fun with the ghazi mascot (Gamergate life)
based on the resolution i will take an approximation that this has been posted 7 times before when you are the last one alive in your team and you begin to panic
"The R8 is the new revolver that was introduced a few weeks ago Uh, why is this cs related?"
"Considering the commercial failure the Wii U turned out to be, I'd say they've already milked the Wii brand for all it's worth. Shame you said no Wii branding. Personally I'd milk the Wii for all it's worth. As long as it back-supports Gamepad/Wiimotes, it's fine. But I think the Wii could certainly be it's own successful series. Each edition adds another type of controller, but they are all backsupported. Like Wii NeXt Supports Wiimotes/Gamepad (EXAMPLE, NOT FACT), and it also has the new Oval gamepad (patent, not the 3D printed hoax)"
"Maybe it would look better on a chalkboard? No red lines at all? Nice try, shill."
by that logic we should go beat up bubbles. ...Doesn't he kind of owe the people watching the tournament and people hosting the tournament a good game for people to watch?
I saw I came
See also: Sanders surrogate Lucy Flores. Raising historic amounts of money in small donations doesn't win Primary elections. See: Bernie Sanders.
too bad people will just pause and will end up in a pause\unpause war WE LOVE YOU VOLVO ''You now lose one gold per second if you haven't picked a hero after the selection timer runs out in All Pick''
"""Bush did 9/11"" You hug President Obama after he goes around meeting his supporters and secretly stick a piece of paper to his back, what does it say?"
The cult of free shit? The left tends to be cult like - Bernie fans are a great example of that.
"Shit, does that mean LotV won't fit on my floppy? Its different from the 90's as well"
Dis really failed my plagiarism check :0 This really teared down this wall
"I think that actually makes it sadder, but just on a more macro-level. I grew up in a town that basically had no bars other than Applebee's. So that doesn't seem too weird."
"Idk, they already look like they are shitting bed No way is IMT strong enough to get out of groups. You've got to remember this time the chinese teams probably won't shit the bed."
"True. This is reddit, home of things being unoriginal and unfunny."
From The Vault: Money you know what's inside Wizards has hired you to come up with the theme of the next from the vault: ______ what theme do you choose? I personally choose to have it be slivers. You?
"I see debtors prison has not yet been abolished, some revolution. Put in jail for failing to pay child support"
can i bring my drake to the belt to kill the rat to earn the isk to bring my clone in another drake? No go and kill 3 rats and then jump you fucking poor
"Probably US, most companies. Are you paying for text in 2015? If so what country and company?"
"Thanks, love For what it's worth, I think it's a beautiful name. Sucks about the jokers though and I can definitely understand that joke getting old."
"I saw a version of this GIF where the truck never hits the post, it was the ultimate anticipation machine. Naval battles Hype Train"
I wish arousal was this magnificent... Found this and thought it belonged here.
other people's preferences shouldn't be mocked like that. Seems to me like you like the taste of shit.
"I thought I read that Durkins and muschamps systems were similar. He's doesn't fit in well with Durkins system. I think he'll land at Arizona though, he was a Rich Rod recruit."
"""And I'm definitely not going to tell you about the army I sent for!"" Sansa advises Jon"
F2P btw Fap main btw
"Please check the lamp as the OP suggested. I am probably going to get down-voted to hell for this. But, that girl is way too skinny. She is pretty, very pretty. But, god damn is she skinny."
Was very upset that vault 81 and the institute didn't have any literal milk that I could give strong. Still looking for that milk of human kindness...
"We're going to need plenty of Lamborghinis to transport our herd of llamas. 'Legally renaming things', to stuff that begins with L"
"Their hours are a little erratic and not listed on their site, but the FB page states: ""Clinic Hours are: Monday: 10am - 2pm Tuesday - Thursday: 10am - 2pm, 5:45-7:30pm Friday: 9am - 2pm Saturday: WALK INS ONLY, 9am (Please arrive by 11 am or earlier) "" Empire Beauty School ($9 bucks before tip, for wash/cut/dry)"
Has ^^^^^^DONTKILLME Fun fact: Rain have played in 5 different majors for 5 different orgs.
"459 month you must live in east bumfuck? not really I have a part time, 35 hours a week 1,500 a month and my rent is only $459"
"Do you think it wasn't a red card? The contact wouldnt have even made him go to the floor, let alone rolling around holding his legs."
"But you know this happened because $76 is such an abstract number. Girl forgets her wallet on the table, hilarious misunderstanding ensues!"
Very biologist! Not even close.
How common is this in other Ball Parks? Reds adding WiFi throughout GABP
"And he runs alot, so you better watch yourself. Good luck with that. His skills include invisibility and breathing underwater. Plus fucking *ninja flips*."
"Add another. Yeah, I get that a lot. :)"
"welcome to 9gag, the date is 03/01/2011 =) 700pp club!"
"To increase time spent, download the source code, compile it and then install it. 1. secure an hourly bonus for this bullshit 2. install each by hand and take a while."
"Fucking hell, are you trying to sound like his mum? You know full well what you were implying, don't try and back out now."
Now we wait for someone to make hyphPls... hyphonix has the moves
News article or source? US ambassador to South Korea's blood spattered banquet table after he was injured by knife-wielding attacker
"shits stale af of course I heard it You never heard this Slick Rick song before? You wack, son."
And that's why we have bread and circuses. I am a firm believer that we are all 3 missed meals away from a revolution.
"I see.I hope OP doesn't give a stinking shit about that.It would do that person a favor to spare him the attention he was asking for,let alone knowing he affecting OP negatively.I hope it didn't. I think someone made a post on TRP insulting the OP of this thread."
"I agree, but I think the option to just cruise through with retreats should be there for people who want/need it as well. I mean, we're into personal preference here, to be clear, but basically I find it more fun when you're playing on the edge of failure. When you can reload any time you screw up, you're never at any real risk, but when if you screw up you could lose, but you don't, the emotional payoff is bigger. But that's all personal preference, to be clear."
THIS ON-LAN PIECE OF BELGIUM SHIT Bet you can't do it online.
The Latino numbers aren't so encouraging in context: Clinton 60% Trump 14% Johnson 13% Stein 10% Jill Stein polling at 10% nationally among Latinos
I see you know Larry as well? Probably the same people that let someone under investigation for embezzling a felony amount of money destroy Forte and Racine Scouts. The lack of management from DCI in the smaller corps is horrendous.
"I almost only meet Hellbat Liberator and it's really hard to survive against it :( We play very similar styles, then. In ZvP I really like to do mass upgraded lings into lurker, then add vipers and Ultras as the game progresses. I'm still doing 3 base openers in ZvT, I haven't seen the need in my games to go 2base muta yet. Does it become more necessary as you climb the ladder? I only just started doing ranked games on LOTV so my MMR is fairly low."
Funny how it's monotheists going around murdering people all the time. And there's the daily plug for atheism in any thread surrounding a monotheistic religion
"Or if you really need to, you can position helmet/goggle straps over your ear to provide some protection. No, they don't? If you have a fast helmet or anything similar to that, you can get shooting ear muffs and attach those to your helmet or wear them under it, then strap on your face mesh."
"Check your trichromatic privilege, ableist shitlord! I'm not particularly attracted to blonde people, does that make me hairist against blonde people? No, because it's a preference, it doesn't mean that I wouldn't ever be attracted to a blonde person, and I don't see blonde people as lesser than people without blonde hair."
"Ah yes the ""can attack"" mechanic, largely overlooked by the dev team in my opinion. Ignoring the name and image, I think it's a good idea for a priest card"
And now you're on a list 15-year-old.
"If I had to choose between eating that spider and dying of hunger: I would choose death. Deathly afraid of spiders, watching this somehow made it worse too"
Good ol Jim Ross? Hillary shot J.R.
Wtf is that rammus splash Team Fight Breakdown with Jatt: ROX vs SKT (2016 LCK Spring Finals)
"vote skarner and sejuani, don't care about the rest. New All-Stars Game Mode Revealed: Pick 10"
Why doesn't Deadman just take over Superman's body and beat up everyone on Superman's team and end this war? No Context Needed
"That's Clyde Frazier, Knicks legend and top tier color commentator. ha funny thats the same announcer from the linsanity days"
"I thought mw2 nukes were great, nothing like the rush of stopping someone at 23/24 kills or as soon as the exit the ac130/chopper gunner. The MW2 nuke. Later iterations were a single team wipe plus some bonus effect, but winning dom and the likes by camping the fuck out of the enemy team is bullshit and hurts both teams. ""Oh, having a good time do you? Well tough tits it's game over y'all."" It also sucks having to be on the lookout for said players to hunt them down in time."
:D He head butts her at 37:05
"Just to clarify, it's not the vocal chorus, it's the part of the song that starts at around 0:56 Interesting."
I don't see what point you are trying to make with the sarcastic question. Hey guys I wonder what reddit's stance on homosexual marriage is?
"We can bask in our vastly superior curriculum and pay rates. Yeah, seems there is not international option or anything. They only seem to want yankies, us Aussies aren't good enough :("
Yes sir you are correct. u went from 100-0 real quick
"Lol'd They're not all bad, just most of them. Is genocide really the answer?"
"""Eliminated TheLegend27"" When the enemy Roadhog takes pity on your bad D.Va ult"
"About 1 million is still in chips it says. Christ it was 3 years ago too, that money is long gone."
Holy shit really? Major Study Finds The US Is An Oligarchy
"It's not so much the price of shoes as how they fit, most likely you're buying shoes with too narrow of a toe box. I'm nowhere near an ultra runner, just a few 10k's every week and my pinky toenails are fucked up. Maybe I just need to stop being a cheapass and get better shoes."
"On your stats, it counts the kills you got from Situations, but that doesn't go towards your trophy so you have to just keep killing until you get the trophy. I killed 2500 terrorists and 200 penetration kills but never got the trophies for it."
"The best defender in the NFL is indeed tough to question, but its not Von Miller. With J.J. Watt out is Von Miller unquestionably the best defender in the NFL?"
"By that definition neither was Hitler or any other dictator since only US has used a nuke in battle. As evil as Stalin was, he was not a lunatic. The Soviets, for all their faults, never used an atomic weapon in battle."
Hope they stay the fuck out from now on. Alabama plays down here so often you'd think they'd have learned to control themselves by now.
"If they're together long enough, the ugly one will look normal compared to the plastic train wreck that awaits aging celebrities. Articles like this"
"If that theory were correct, you could get out of paying taxes with the excuse ""But I don't want to!"" Money is simply a marker for your labor, at least for most folks."
"Hahaha that usually means we're about to get whats coming to us Oh for sure, also don't have anywhere near the injuries you did last year too."
"I'm not going to hype this one bit Frank Ocean website updated, album coming this month!"
Only chat and ranked restriction get reset. I believe some people don't deserve a second chance
"Plot twist: 20 years from now, Mexico imports high quality weed from California. Ending the war on drugs would mean the government would only need a fraction of the money it currently spends. Now they can finally afford their northern wall."
"She's a crook Are you saying she's a crook, or that she's a good candidate but Bernie is better? #\#WHICHREDDIT"
"Yeah, it is basically just taking up space to be honest.... Hitting level 5 Mastery seems unrewarding. I personally feel like hitting level 5 on a champion feels kind of unrewarding after the novelty wears off. I would love to see something like unlocking champion icons with a badge on it or having your profile banner the splash art of your chosen champion you've achieved level 5 with. Thoughts?"
B U R G E R H O R D E S U R G E R H O R D E S K I L L R A T I O S I L L R A T I O S
It is the inevitable result when you bring a turd sandwich to the contest. 'A reality TV Star will be our next president' 'I guess we all have hope then' Too good
Because calling Labor spineless is an insult to invertebrates? You've just written a compelling attack ad. Why can't Labor's PR come up with stuff like this?
"You have to complete it to tele to dark beasts with slayer rings so it's worth finishing You say that, but you only need to start MEP2 to kill dark beasts."
"Our starters got shown up by their second-string, for what it's worth. Haven't been able to watch, how are we looking?"
"no they will straight deny it because there are zero penalties for lying ""would be able to get away with it."" Easy all they have to do is say this ""I can neither confirm nor deny"" And then you're fucked."
"Almost definitely Windows Update, or otherwise another scheduled task. at best guess there was something on your system that caused it to wake up (prob windows update) and or someone was connected/connecting to your computer and unpaused the video, maybe family doing prank, best bet run a virus scan (just to be safe) download revo unintaller and uninstall anything you dont remember installing, then malware bytes do a scan, again just to be safe"
Green eyes going extinct because brown eyes are so dominant Technology and our intelligence has doomed us to exactly what we have now. Think of any possible human evolution and I could explain why it wouldn't work.
Turret more likely since it was still being built. Or did I kill the turret?
I'm thinking there were crazy paparazzi involved. Amanda Bynes should seriously have her license revoked before she kills someone
why you gotta look like a T Did he think i was on his team?
All of his pranks are just plain shit now. Decided to play Mario Kart in the House
(Whispered) ...join ussss... I still swear that it's a cult.
Touched the floor at 1:43 :p sick wallriding though. Wallriding An Entire Lap Around Eichenwalde
"what is the next step after that? I just finished this step, just go into Venus patrol and wait for the taken to arrive and then kill one of the lieutenants. now the next mission is, interesting."
you wont even get to play em lol You'd lose to Portland lol
"In some subs, you can get banned pretty easily. Trolls and assholes are rarely banned."
"What I don't understand is if he thinks Italians are superior, why would he want to breed with an ""inferior"" Chinese person and make his children ""impure""? Coward blocked me before I could laugh in his face. (dat racism tho)"
"4 Kills, otherwise known as Fourius Killigus is when a player gets four kills. What's a 4k? Casters say it Hey guys, im new to reddit and CS. I'm not sure when the casters say ""$4k."" Does it mean that the person gets like $4k money at the end of the round? Does it mean he gets $4k for the 4 kills? I'm sorry, im just new"
Mmm I can't wait for this to cost an arm. Fire Emblem: Awakening - Cordelia Figurine Revealed at Winter Wonder Fest 2015
"Sure, I'll be working on getting the server set up over the day today, and will send out the details to everyone. Sounds great! Once the server is up if you need help with anything I'm happy to help. We can exchange skype or something if you want?"
"If you do not get the reference even before clicking the link, the video will be lost on you... Which does not surprise me given your support for institutional censorship... Highly Doubtful you are a South Park fan.... Lol as if I'm going to sit through an advert to watch some random youtube video with no summary or explanation what I am supposed to be looking for."
"I still find it really funny that, by their 3rd pick of the 2012 draft, the Redskins spent a fortune on RGIII and then took his successor. Kirk Cousins has the most 300 yard passing games in Redskins franchise history."
"Screen went black at the same time he started his game, CPU temp reached 61c What about cpu Temps tho"
"They did. Wow, good spot. They certainly look alike. I just hope Arkane didn't just reuse the assets."
Well he gives permission for Toei and Fuji Tv to use One Piece and he does make money from it too. His life's masterpiece is the manga. He doesn't really care how Toei or Bandai or whoever want to monopolize on his creation.
basically So fuck freedom of religion basically.
"You can charge at home. I'm always wondering how this thing is supposed to scale. Just imagine normal cars at the gas station would take 20 minutes to fill up, you'd need an awful lot of pumps."
"She tried getting his patreon shut down, that's that dude's whole livelihood. Just saw the clip and not surprising, Franchesca Ramsey is a big fucking hypocrite. She brings up the whole ""if I critique what you say, that's within my right,"" but wasn't this dummy trying to get Sargon in trouble because of the critique he made about her? Ugh her hypocrisy has no bounds."
"I mean he struck gold with Mack, Carr and Jackson on the 2014 draft, but his 2013 draft was utter shit, he was also on my bad side because of it but no more. You forgot the QB carrousel we were on for awhile. That more than anything (even more than the Hayden pick) had him on my bad side for awhile. Thank god Carr matured faster than expected and beat out Schaub in training camp. If not we'd be having a very different conversation right now."
"Mountain Dew and Doritos fund. If he quit smoking and started saving the money he would otherwise spend on cigarettes, he could afford a pretty nice PC within a year, if not sooner."
"wow that's some powerful hypocrisy. TIL that the music used in the ""You wouldn't steal a car"" anti-piracy advertisement was pirated"
"Vietnam Nova might be better, nicer camo and rifles might do it weekly, as long as i have ideas and you guys like it. ..and i still got some :|"
"Establish dominance.. My kitten does that too my arm, he will wrap his arms around me and bite my wrist as he rakes my arm with his hind legs bastard"
"So if SJWs are intent on taking the credit for each female protagonist and ""gaming finally growing up""... looks like they're shit at their job. A comparison between the number of female characters at E3 2014 vs 2015"
Do we know if they're making one for the 6p? nope. I'm waiting for the rhino shield crash guard. got a shitty case until then.
Crucial question. Was he arrested for that before or after he started being critical of the police?
The screamin sicilian brand is pretty tasty. You have horrible taste if you think digiorino is even delicious to look at. Frozen pizza is the worst.
"It's left as an exercise for the student. Show your work, please."
"I mean, they already took my blood samples... If I do a little pot now, it wouldn't tell her.. Probably drugs..."
"Is this amount of commercials normal for american television? Any thought that RAW viewership might be down because it's almost more commercials than product? I dont typically watch RAW because we ""cut the cord"" many years ago and pretty much watch everything streaming now. I did see it last week and was amazed at how much commerical time there is. I know everyone complains about the commercials mid match and I agree. But it seems like there is maybe 50% product and 50% commercials. No one in 2016 is going to be ok with that."
"A security risk for Harper or his family, NOT FOR THE NATION, which is what the argument is all about. Harper goes to his barber every tuesday at 6pm and refuses his security detail. Harper's children go to a horse back riding camp for 2 weeks each summer. Both of these details could create a security risk while appear to be 100% benign."
Hey it's me ur devil. He be our angle...*or our DEVIL*
"""Negative ions in our bodies"" What's a word or phrase you can't believe people say with a straight face?"
"In my state a good amount of the weed comes from people with green cards who buy from dispensaries and redistribute. Let's not be hypocrites about funding conflict, hmm?"
I learned new ability that lets me filter out jar jar and most parts of ep 1 Starwars episodes 1-6 all at once
Yay for us me irl
Oh my god Sjin i cant believe you took his Settler.. thats gotta hurt. Civ V: War of the Worst #3 - Sticking to the Themes
**--Starts licking your earlobe--** Just saw this cringe in youtube comments.
Best gadget in BF2142 Best gadget in BF4
"See here Seventh Son, god those romance scenes were awful I don't really care all that much about the love interest side of a story. It's often boring, but whatever. What I hate most about it is when they meet at the start of the film, then the events of the film take place over about 1-2 days, and then they're in love and happily ever after."
"Can I introduce you to golf for a moment? No offense to any redditors in NY or Boston, but baseball is the most boring, fucking pointless sport on earth. I mean, out of a 165 game season, does anyone give a shit about a team winning a ""2 out of 3"" in a series? Fuck baseball."
"Damn, I didn't know that you can play against your friends outside of Custom games :O TIL if someone from your friends list is on the enemy team in HL you still get friend xp Didn't notice this until last night where someone from my FL was on the other team kinda neat!"
Such a badly written article. AIB Apology. Minority appeasement or a precedent?
"Turning off Mock Locations seems to work for other people, except for me :( ""Failed To Detect Location""/""GPS Signal Not Found: Errors While I'm in the game, I get both of these errors. If one of them dissappears, the other one pops up. Is here any way to fix this? I'm running Pokemon GO! On Samsung Galaxy Note 4 (SM-N910T for the geeks, if that helps) Location Services is on and on High Accuracy mode."
"I don't know how much you will get but I guarantee you it wont be as much as the market price of your stickers, id say like 10$ overpay if the gun is good and if people really want it but there isn't huge overpay for those. IBP Dreamhack 2014 stickers"
"13 How old were you when you heard your first DG track? I was 14, my friend had just found Exmilitary in the internet and I heard Culture Shock and my initial response was ""What the hell is this?"" But my friend kept playing the whole mixtape and I grew to love it."
"You fuck off I dont give a shit about your personal blog, fuck off."
"Try taking off the Nixon mask before entering the store next time. Last time I went to an Apple store, I couldn't even put a step in there that the guy I assume was responsible of theft prevention stopped me. I just want to buy a goddamn keyboard, leave me alone for fucks' sake! It's insulting!"
"That's racist. ""Trump's speech was one of the best political speeches I have ever heard in my life. It was everything I wanted to hear from a future President, America First."" Lol! If you're ""whitey"", fuck you."
"We're mostly just confused and sweaty. How amazing would it be, Redditors If a corrupt police and political system in place for decades...was completely wiped out and destroyed, thanks to the hard work and time all redditors have put into dissecting this case. I truly envision one crack in the armor among this network and i sincerely hope once the first one jumps ship, the paranoia sets into all of them until they are back-stabbing each other and we get a front row seat to the meltdown. I personally hope once this happens, they rename the county Reddit County, and Manitowoc becomes Redditville."
What camera is this? MFW I recognize my buddy while I'm out for a ride.
"Scrolling in response to a user click is ok, same as useful popups like a chat popup etc and how would you handle events that have to scroll the page after the user has scrolled, like clicking a link that takes you to another anchor in the page?"
Empty assertion is empty. You simply didn't comprehend my point if you think those things are contradictory. They are one and the same
And now we can't un-know that. We didn't need to k n own you were taking a shit lol
That's kind of ironic Solar Powered Desktop Wind Turbine
"Good job man, you're an inspiration Lol thanks! It absolutely is. My buddy is a professional photographer so that helps a lot. Trust me."
"Say what? Say it, you know you want to"
He already said cop. Your stepdad kinda sounds like a douchebag.
Too late Who the f%*k is swimming in my lake?
You have birdpox now. Helped a bald fledgling today and experienced a Snow White moment.
"rip mobo maybe? Already did, not working"
The legend of chugabud Who's who woulda been better on Tranzit Your username triggers me
"This doesn't explain Alaska... It's a redstate...filled with dumbfucks, so that explains it."
They could post his fucking x-Ray online and some people would still claim it isn't that big of a deal or the injury didn't come from a player lumberjacking his arm with a composite stick. Mark Stone has a microfracture in his right wrist -series availability unknown
That shit is scary Woman sues Vegas shaman healer after son drowns on Ayahuasca
T-that's not how this works. Then buy one.
"Don't worry, we can savor that image next week I really want OSU to win.... But I want to see how pissed Urban gets if he loses...."
"\#blackdriversmatter Got into a ""collision"" a few days ago. Insurance company says it was partly my fault. Dashcam says otherwise. (1:00)"
IDK my plan name in Australia but I get unlimited but its like 24 Megabits down .1 megabits up... I think Telus 50 is the best I can get. I think its 400gb and 50/10.
aren't you too busy tearing down posters to queue anything? Queue the conspiracy theories.
Rhetorical/loaded question. Why it appears that liberalism is about taking away people's rights and freedom?
"This is a old ass picture broski, the base belongs to Tyrael from Lunar Rising and he's a 100% maxed th10 nowadays Upgrade ur teslas"
"I don't miss February like ever tho, even after 12 years. Former Iowan here. Miss the Midwest weather more than it's reasonable."
"ya, but an m16 is a lot fucking louder than a car alarm Artillery cannons are a lot fucking louder than an m16."
Fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora fedora How unoriginal can you be in 420 words or less?
"Teamwork, baby! I went and died taking on a panzer. Whole time the other players are bitching about me going down constantly trying to get set back up. My best fucking friend trained a horde of zombies and let me slay every fucking one of them the following round till I had 10k+/-. Almost made me shed a tear."
Fear of failure can keep you from success. Happens more than I care to admit
Stupidisaahsstupiduhs. A buck in the wild
"Then why are you here if you'd rather avoid a situation exactly like the one you're training for and the one you're in now? They do, but I'd rather avoid any situation where leaders assume codenames and abandon their given ones. Frankly, I'm pissed about havin' to abandon my own name, but I'd take Deadwood over what I had before any day of the week."
"Did you actually read the papers or just the sentence that says 1 in 5? Lol no it's not. Several studies have found these statistics. But of course, whatever people need to tell themselves to justify their pointless anger!"
"Anthony Fantano, is that you? Death Grips have, in a certain sense, created a new and unexpectedly successful genre of future music."
"Wow 2018? Don't worry, it'll be back in 2018..."
What's the frequency and power (in watts) at the source? Depends on the DWDM system and distance between sites. Usually we have about 30 to 50 miles between regens and will shoot +30 dBm. In newer systems we can pump higher frequency and shoot +60 to +70 dBm. Anyway you can cause pretty bad eye damage if you look in the fiber.
This gave me cancer Kawai mouse celebrates 4chan's birthday!!!
"Jesus fucking Christ dude. The ""argument"" you've presented is *I like A and don't like B, therefore B sucks and it shouldn't exist, so as to make more room for A*. There's not a whole lot more to say about that."
Pushing a shopping cart What is impossible to look cool doing?
Fry? Bueller?
It's so.....warm and consistent. I can feel the respect all over my face
Netflix fix your shit! Internet explorer is great for Netflix. It's the only browser that supports 1080p 5800 bitrate. Where as chrome can only do 720p 3000. A pretty noticeable decrease in quality imo.
"Nice examples you're giving. Thats true, but the most of the new splasharts suck, excluding some like J4's!"
"Poor guy, i hope he gets out of there or save his girlfriend from that cult. Girlfriend stops shaving, dude asks feminist for advice"
I don't understand how this is relevant to the subreddit? Smoke
"If Trump can win anythings possible Le Pen will never be elected. If she is in the second round the right, center and left will all support the opposition candidate"
Not in Trump's America :( Christmas? **ALL** HOLIDAYS MATTER.
"I think it was free for Java users while it was under development If you didn't get it was free for Java users, you will have to pay again. Also the MCW10 is *still* a long way from feature parity to java, so the java isn't going to go away"
Because Dangerfield played for the other SA team? I always like to remind Port of Dangerfield. But that's because I'm a douchey.
Well that was shit CSGO Rage
honestly what the fuck Winter
Salty? that chicken must taste like steel
Make that baby full-size and then we're talking. The only way to have a true master race breakfast
"If you're ever near Toronto, PM me and I will get you a deal on the sim at Threshold Aviation Step one: Buy myself a 737..."
"I made a false assumption I do not, actually. I held it that way for the screenshot so that the texts above it would not be visible. They might have been too interesting for this subreddit."
Asking all the right questions. This fb post finally states what I've been feeling
"I wish some of that drive would rub off on Ebs, though it actually seemed like Ebs was much better this game in that department, so I can't complain much! He's got so much drive! Always taking the body and creating turnovers!"
Because he is such a nice guy Captain? Why do I see memes about puppey?
he's right since you didn't do it I have to assume this is fake I made the only point I intended to. Sorry if you can't be bothered.
"Your pedantry is noted... and ignored. 1. *Tifo* is not an acronym 2. That's not a *tifo*, that's a two-pole"
"Amen! Religious people, because everything they say makes no sense, applied to nothing, and is a waste of time to listen to."
"ELI5: why doesn't the EU, take physical action to mitigate the refugee crisis instead of waiting for good ole' America to play world police? Migrant crisis: EU approves 3 bn-euro fund for Turkey"
135 Shane vs 135 Floyd would have been incredible. 135 Mosely was a boss
it's 32 now iirc. I remember back when Lux had a 24 second cooldown on her ult at 40% CDR. Good times.
D: Touchdown Seahawks
I feel sorry for you. Your tactics confuse me.
"Its 16000 people , what do you expect; legit discussion? Shoutouts to the twitch chat being fucking terrible"
Because it's about control. This. Why bother leaving your shithole country but try to enact laws that not only force the natives to live buy your rules that they don't want but rules and laws that was the reason your country is a shithole in the 1st place why bother leaving if your going to try and turn your new country into the same thing?
"Might as well make the name trick for espeon be ""Garbage"" Seeing quite a few people complaining about getting Eevees...may I remind you of what's to come? Save up those high CP and candies!"
You're not always going to see 100+ down.. It depends on how loaded the tower is and reception. I'm not seeing the Advanced in this new advanced LTE I'm in Houston and I never see more than 40mbit when I'm in a high signal spot. Is it just me or are there others having the same issue elsewhere? I have an iPhone 6s so it should be compatible and it is on iOS 10.
"What a weird question... Does the silmarillion get worse? Everyone I've talked to (including my own family) said the silmarillion was really dull and boring, but I started reading and its like the most awesome thing since the lord of the rings, does it get worse? I'm only a chapter or two into the book, but so far it's amazing!"
Yeah that works Would Wednesday work?
"Enjoy being relevant while you can. all the girl think he's hot, fuck him up good"
"""swag bag"" FeelsBadMan iBUYPOWER Masters - IEM Partnership"
Literally worse than release xin zhao. Quick video of Freelancer destroying everything in AC 2.1(a)
"$4,815,162,342  Envy has to type the amount that he is owed by Secret repeatedly or Kemal will go on vacation"
And 2004 :b Portugao vs England 2006 WC
"You seem to be looking at this through rose-colored glasses Everyone did an amazing job, but the movie didn't need carrying. The script and the directorial choices made up an amazing movie."
"You guys are missing out on a great game! Watch_Dogs hitting Wii U this Fall, says Ubisoft"
Wow I'm honestly surprised that most ppl on the hawks sub are anti-deflategate Only Russell did it without cheating
"But I AM weak. i told my son,""if someone pushes you, push back."" dont start fights, but make sure you finish them. The bully wants to see who is weak, or to see how ""strong"" he is. Do not let the bully see you as ""weak"" he will walk on you."
Leaving it for the luls but I edited it underneath. Not to sound like a dick. But what?
"Congrats guys! 4 Star safety, Georgia Player of the Year commits to UCF"
"Isn't that the opposite of what was said? Come on man. You can have foreign policy disagreements, but ""Bernie is good for Israel""? You're kidding yourself."
"Yeah, that's not QTE ... it's just a switch, same as in every halo game ever (or pretty much any FPS ever). I'm just talking about da switches"
"Update: They died on the quest anyways, and there's no way I was spending 1500 rubies to revive, so my choice didn't ultimately matter. Something tells me this is a bad idea..."
holy crap good catch didn't even look at the picture. You posted this three years ago
That's why I want to dump McCoy and hire a defensive HC because the team is lacking that tough mentality right now. McCoy is not the same type of coach as Ron. Ron brings in the tough mentality to the game. Also he know how to get the team to run the ball.
"Is ""CW"" for them Heaven? NIP vs TSM Katowice 2015. NIP POV on Nuke (English Subtitles, that also show who's talking)"
"Wait, why? haha I know who they are its just they are banned from this reddit"
Chemistry FC. Who did I just play??
Even Cena's veins have muscles. Bad wrestling posters: Hell in a Cell edition
Better than a study to find out why prisoners want to escape prison. Feds pay for study of gay men's penis sizes. One has to wonder if this is tax dollars well spent.
50% off in everything Kappa I want a CM costume Keepo Can we have a dota 2 black friday? with deals like 50% on selected arcanas Kappa
"Never go full MattDotZeb Goddamn, Colbol went full MattDotZeb."
"Yeah it isn't even fun to visit anymore. I visited there and to be honest, it was one of the shittiest cities I've been to. I felt physically filthy just walking down the sidewalk, and I've never been to another city where the toothbrushes and deodorant are kept behind cages because homeless steal them constantly. My wife had some homeless guy attempt to grab her while saying he had hep C and just needs some money. It was a disgusting horrible experience and I'll never go back. Once you get about a block out of the touristy waterfront, the entire place is nothing but filth."
Reminds me of those videos of people putting salt on eel or frog legs. Dead fish
"It would be nice to have a perfectly dictated version of this as a reference. English learners: For an extra challenge, read this poem"
"IF GRAGAS IS FAT, HOW COME HE HASN'T EATEN THE SHOPKEEPER? IF LIGHT TRAVELS SO FAST, HOW COME ITS NEVER CAUGHT A NINJA?"
"Please... For the love of God, tell me those are all jokes. * Tumblr 101 * Advanced SJW * Principles of Victimhood * A Primer on Black Transgender Quadriplegic Muslim Studies No shit man!"
"That's an old wives tale, attunement does nothing. Some attunement helps as well."
Next time it's someone else the us needs to bomb and you'll be cheating again until you see the aftermath... I was pretty happy when I heard we decided to bomb ISIS though. Fuck those guys.
"I propose ""Transcranial Combat Enhancement Lobotomy"". I believe the medical term would be batshit bonkers."
"Yes, you need to do that in order to get it to work. SpiderMod Question Can I safely store all the Spidermod files inside my binding of isaac game files folder? Like, can I have them in there without it messing anything up?"
"I play touch butt with Pat and Avery, Nik and I climb trees and rocks in the woods. Who do you even train with?"
Find some high schoolers :p yeah i know :/ cant get rid of it now lol
"I need new white friends. White people are more likely to deal drugs, but black people are more likely to get arrested for it"
"Will the LNP get away with international crimes, the same way they have a complete pass here in Australia because they own the police and judges? Andrew Wilkie- Sending kids to Nauru is a crime - ICC at the Hague notified of latest outrage"
"Your mindset is that since we won NH, VT, and now OK will get Bernie to the White House? Uhh, who cares dude, that's just a bunch of media BS"
Where does it mention that you get a reduced shield for being ranged? Doesn't tresh get a reduced shield for being ranged?
"i focus on one problem at every time , thats smart way of doing things . I'm just wondering if your problem is a limited vocabulary."
You could say the propaganda went to her head. Box of leaflets dropped from RAF plane kills Afghan girl
"HOLY FUCK THATS 69EDGY911 ME Are you really ready to dedicate your life to punching yourself in the face repeatedly and apologizing for all of your wrong doings, as a male this is therapy for feminists... I'd suggest we find another solution. Hitler could have solved this..."
"It amazes me how overly important reddit thinks that reddit is. It's their browser history, which connects them to their Reddit comments about how we live in a police state and Ron Paul could have prevented this. I hear that type of unmitigated bravery will get you locked up for a few decades these days."
"Its, for pity's sake. It's so white that you can see it's asshole"
Too bad poise was nerfed. she need armor with higher poise
"His name was Robert Paulson Barney ""**Bitch Tits**"" Frank"
"He was 45 rated I believe You don't need to be good at all. I remember seeing a 59 (or 61) rated League 1 or 2 reserve 19 year old striker got a 95 rated card of themselves. I'm pretty sure it's through their agent, or when they negotiate (If they're high profile) with EA for being on the front cover, etc."
Trump doesn't like marijuana personally but he wants to decriminalize it on a federal level and leave it up to the states. And Trump could reverse it even before he has his first conflict of interest hearings... You want something more stable than an executive order then it comes to things like that.
"Damn 24 years old What a terrible tragedy Andy Slater on Twitter: Horrific news to report this morning, multiple people inform me that Marlins' pitcher Jose Fernandez was killed in a boating accident."
"Pfff... haha 'Member when Google's mantra was ""Dont be evil""?"
"$$$$$$ Seriously, what would it take to get Montero back in 2018 or so?"
"Indeed, but I figured I'd mention a common hypothesis. It is not even a good answer. It is an ad hoc effort to find some ""rational"" purpose."
"u jus a belt, cuz I still fuck my bitch on her period"
I warned ya! NSFL!
"here to enter, also! Giveaway - 12 Indie Gala 6 bundles"
Dumb and dumber Lol that was a grinder... I swear I seen a scene like that in a movie! Lol
You can see that they're not getting shot at. Maybe they're getting shot at
Barack Obama's only had the one wife. Are you talking about your president like that?
You're welcome. Thanks!
"Voting for the party that will immediately implement huge tax cuts for the wealthy even though it's been proven for decades to not be beneficial to the working class will help them how? Calling everyone stupid, which you pretty much did, is helping how?"
progamers don't have to fear their careers being on the line due to sudden balance changes except that koreans are barred from competition Age of Empires vs StarCraft
"You worthless, milquetoast piece of human garbage, get me my ducking enchiladas, lol Oh man GazorpazorpField you're usually really mean to me but that one takes the cake."
"I've thought that too, but to be honest I'm afraid of scaring him off by demanding to know what's going on if he's maybe starting to think about dating. Your totally reasonable to think something is going on. As a guy, this is stuff I'd do with a girl after a long relationship. I'd put the brakes on this and ask him what's going on, because this isn't normal stuff for two ""friends"" to be doing."
Allegedly. LIKE THE PATRIOT?
"Something need doing? Work, work."
I think Poland would disagree with you. I didn't say he was. I said it's not OK to compare Stalin to Hitler because Stalin STOPPED HITLER.
"Sunflower kind of already has one with the bee like cosmetics for each part. customisation sets I remember in gw1 when the added customisation sets for each class like the skunk set for the cactoos, and it would really be nice to see this set system implanted in future dlc(No bling versions either)"
I'm on n0things side Sean Gares reply to Reginald.
"Ooze, far more consistent, and only requires 1 color. Right. So if they have something scary in their graveyard which would you rather have, a bigger ooze or them with a snake?"
"Not to mention Nakamura Just imagine if we had Nigel, Daniel, Kevin, Seth, Joe, Sami, Luke, Cesaro and Austin at the same time in freaking WWE. Nothing worse in wrestling than careers being cut short."
Ten feet smaller! #BUILD THE CELL
I didn't like your comment because you're an idiot so I downvoted it because you're an idiot I liked your comment but downvoted it anyway to stay trendy
ROOSH B ROOSH B BLYAT ~~Cyrex suka blyet~~
"Holy Shit, someone actually using SPGs properly in Syria! Jabhat al-Nusra heavy shelling of regime forces and militia's in Mallah farms"
"Cool, I wont be able to play comp with you but ill add you if you just want to play casually. Started off at 1904. But now down to 1256. Haven't had much luck. Last season I was 2444"
"Like calling other people ""trash"" like OP did? There are other ways to express your opinion... One of which is not being an asshole about it"
Inb4 someone calls this a death threat. I hope you get hit by the Google streetview van and die slowly.
"Stronghold Crusader 1/2 are really fun RTS games that can run perfectly on a potato. What are some of the least demanding, yet still fun, games out there? Things that can preferably run on 2 gb of ram and centrino processor"
"So, wait, you mean that the weeks of global Israel-bashing and shit-flinging over their reaction to Hamas might, just MIGHT, have been misplaced, just a wee bit? These are the same teens as before that are being talked about, it's just that they're only now admitting it."
Paloma Faith What celebrity just makes it too dam easy to hate them?
"Chris smoove is really good Good Lets play channels Does anyone have any good lets play channels of all the Uncharted games? I'm a PC bro who's most likely never gonna be owning a playstation to play all the Uncharted games, but it looks so amazing that I would love to follow the story with a good lets play. Preferably not obnoxious people (pewdiepie sort of types) Thanks!"
I'm a bruins fan. Go to Montreal. The hottest women of them all.
he meant .30% 30 percent? Come on...
"You do know that boxer is an unimpeachable progressive right? Looking at the replies here yes the Democratic party is in more trouble than they realize. I think the worst part of the Nevada nonsense was Barbara Boxer going on about how Bernie Sanders is her friend and booing her is equivalent to booing him. Think a lot of people in the Democratic party is overestimating how much control Sanders has over his supporters and how everything will be fine if Sanders endorses Hillary at the end. They should be looking at the Republicans and how effective that Cruz/Kasich alliance was to realize you can't transfer support, you have to earn it. And the Democratic party treating the Sanders supporters badly is going to drive a lot a them who would be voting for Hillary into thinking twice about doing it."
What was the OG thread? Poor OP has HIV.
Sounds like a joke his buddies pulled and they just let it go. Or maybe hit off something in that area to the right that ricocheted it far and back to the left. Seems suspicious though.
"The bristles are so rounded, they're circles! This toothbrush has no bristles."
oh boy I wish I lived in your world :/ Shes doing porn shes gotta be semi attractive
"My penis. What are the ""little things"" in your life that have actually mattered?"
"Being a good DM is about facilitating fun for others, and encouraging players to do whatever crazy shit you never thought of but they brought up There isn't an official rule like that, but the fun thing is a lot of DM's have their own ""house rules"", so a creative DM can do pretty much whatever they want."
Yeah they shipped mine within 1 hour after I ordered mine. Newegg has shipped my EVGA 1080 SC and it will be here tomorrow. It seems that Newegg is on top of things right now.
"Some people passions make them a fortune, so.. What do you expect? They've been told that over and over since they were born."
Yet my toe not being behind the car I'm trying to hide with as Ana gets me killed. D.VA Ult OP
What's stopping you? I cleaned car dealerships in college. No one looking over your shoulder and good pay. I dreamed about being in IT now I dream about being a janitor again.
Speak for yourself. Without a penis.
"If the roster of Theory, Neslo, Goon, and Sharp happens again, it will be the roster that never placed outside T4. No offense to TK fans, but if Theory is in fact going back to Tk in place of Apathy or Goon, TK just got a lot worse."
But can it hold Hyugas tiger shot? That's awesome. He's training his cat to play goalie.
"Well yeah I generally don't make people's family planning issues a part of my political stance. Well, your stance seems to be ""Mexicans can do no wrong, and have no personal accountability for their actions."""
^^ trolling 4 hatch before 6 pools into double spire muta
"Step 1) Have a stupid haircut Step 2) Be a little fat girl Step 3) Lead North Korea If there was a book called 'How To Be That Person Everybody Hates', what would be in it?"
"Yeah I forgot this sub can't pickout hyperbole more flagrant cues... Saying never is just misinformation atleast write ""never"""
Tags on underwear are equivalent to the product stickers that won't peel all the way off the item. MRW Victoria's Secret makes the tags on their underwear so long to the point that it gets stuck in my buttcrack
"She had to get her brother out because he had just thrown her out of the house after having punched Topher's character as well - I don't think her brother would've been in a very receptive mood if she had just driven back. Yeah. I'm confused. Why didn't she just explore the room anyways? I thought it might have something to do with the blight or something. It sucked because there was obviously a climax going on, but I had no idea what it was. So it fell completely down in a great ""Thud!!"
"They could probably get it running at full 4K or at least very close to it thanks to it's amazing optimization and the game is just so good so this would be an amazing combo, would definitely play some more even though I have the platinum. Who Else Wants a DOOM(2016) PS4 Pro Patch?"
"mumbai never gave a rats ass, only in 90s SS rule there was some respect to bandhs Even in Mumbai there are no signs of so called Bharat Bandh."
"Yes, please use report button in future, removed! Is it fake??"
"... The entire point of this thread... Holy shit, I just realized it's because I can't see that word because XKCD is on.."
"BANG 'and to think here I was avoiding going out on Tuesdays... that silly superstition, here I am in plain sight and nobody is assassinating *me*!'"
if we stopped using pennies why do I have so many in my pockets in my change dishes? Makes no cents.
At least you didn't post a gif this time. He's first tier according to Patton Oswalt.
Flying Spaghetti Monster. FSM?
Good thing they aren't going to balance around low level players buying an ok and then low level players complaining about the ok item. Competitively I agree. Casual I disagree.
"have you considered repairing the screen? Looking to replace cracked screen Note 3 (T-mobile). Replace with Note 4? Wait til Note 5 (i could perhaps live with a cracked screen for a few months...)? Try a competitor phone? I play lots of emulator apps, so I prefer larger screens. Thanks!"
"Alternatively there were three cars headed the wrong way and the fourth car was simply minding his business then WHAM! If the car in front of you suddenly swerves, you might want to do the same."
Clutch defense - especially after a missed game winner - doesn't get as much love as Clutch shots. Ibaka's block was amazing
"I'm not your respectable woman, cunt. Replace ""Cunt"" with ""Respectable Woman"" and you got yourself a wife! 100% Guarantee"
"I can't upvote that enough. Well, considering they're so resistant to even having the light rail go out there, I'd be surprised if that ever materializes."
"To be honest I don't think anybody remembers Catwoman specifically as a female superhero film, but just as a superhero film on par with the likes of Green Lantern, Spawn and Daredevil [the one with Ben ""CAN'T WAKE UP"" Affleck, of course]. This movie will be the new standard in female superhero films. Nobody will ever remember Catwoman or Elektra, it will be the new measuring stick. And god i love that theme."
"Yeah my hair always ends up knitted into my projects. I am pretty sure every project I have given away has at least 5 strands of my hair in it. It's not on purpose, it is just how it works."
"I was one victory from winning a copy of Maya in a Rock, Paper, Scissors competition, opened with rock, lost. Another good one is rock, paper, scissors. Always open with rock. I have never lost the first round with this tactic. The reason it works so well if i had to guess would be because people are in such a mindset to move their hand at the count down that they forget they have the choice to not move their hand. As to why everyone always opens whith scissors is beyond me."
"Yea, in hindsight I should have Swapped him for iMOTM Dempsey, but I sold Gonzalez, Jones and Donovan when their prices peaked. Oh wow that's too bad. That's a nice looking hybrid. JJ is a perfect link."
"When I was 16 I was no where annoying as some of these people, don't generalize. I am so sick of those posts. This reddit got such a potential, but it's filled with 12-16 year olds trying to be funny. I wish I could send them to 9gag land or something. Wish I could upvote you a hundred times."
Yea sure why not psn SamTheMan952 Can you do both for it?
Knawledge* It might make your Lamborghini a shelf of knowledge though.
"OHMYGALKSAJFDLSKJFSLAFDITSADUCK I would love to react to someone with anatidaephobia **Anatidaephobia** Anatidaephobia is defined as a pervasive, irrational fear that one is being watched by a duck. The anatidaephobic individual fears that no matter where they are or what they are doing, a duck watches."
The Liberal party and it's supporters have really tarnished out international reputation. Australia 'the most outstanding rogue nation' on climate change: Bill McKibben
"We're not fat shaming her, we're shaming her because she thinks we're fat shaming her. Yes, it is a huge problem. But telling obese people that they are worthless and horrible etc does nothing for them."
"Uhhhhh I think you just suck at posing... First mistake was going in without a plan. It's a shitty move that he was almost an hour late, but you should have had a solid idea of what you wanted before you got there. Second mistake was thinking you need to pose him. Poses suck. They always look unnatural. Make the people you're shooting feel comfortable and relaxed. The up side is that you got your first one out of the way. You learned some things and have something to build on. Now go kill it next time."
robits* For what purpose does electro plating serve Other than free robobits
"I didn't know it existed for cases, that's all. huh?"
"I filmed this using a Canon 650D. This is my first Time Lapse. It's my first one, and it's by no means perfect. Advice is appreciated :)"
ITT: Hilariously bitter married people Can you spot the married guys?
"Who cares if they're smart if they write like 12 year olds (no offence Vaxei) they are both are very smart, they just post stupid things on reddit 99% of the time"
If you thought people not rewinding their rental tapes was bad... Rentals Only
She was looking a little angular So she was out of shape? Tell us more! Did she eat too much?
That would just make him Mal'Ganis but not just for Warlock. Would Bolf Ramshield see play if he made your hero immune? Curious about this seeing as he's pretty awful at the moment
"And in-game before every skill another contract or answer a popup question like ""are you sure, this may be considered as toxicity?"" Fix for toxicity Riot should have it so that you basically have to sign a contract when you queue up. They give you two options: You can either willingly join the low priority queue, with some restrictions, so that you can use all the profanity and hate speech you want; or you can join the high priority queue and if you use that type of language then it's a one day ban Basically, instead of leaving it up to just others reporting you, you actually give the player a rope that's long enough for them to hang themselves. You tell them up front, ""if you go against your own word, then you're going to get banned"""
"That is pure fucking genius The Leviticus-Bacon-Guns-Truth Act or in short, the LGBT Act. Dirty Liebruls have to support it now!"
Dragonite Ovaltine The N The Reeboks The Grape The Asus The Cost OVAHLOHDO DA ENDO DA CROSSU DA LENGEDO DA ACU DA GREATO
Caregiver at an assisted living facility. Non licensed LVN jobs So I graduated from my LVN program but did not pass my Nclex the first time. I'm currently studying to retake my nclex but want to perfect it so I'm taking some time to do it. Does anyone know what kind of jobs in the medical field I can find without being a licensed LVN?
If only all forms of energy were decided that way! Is it a national or state park? Deciding on whether something is damaging to aesthetics is a decision for the majority. You're entitled to disagree with that decision but that doesn't mean you get to block them.
"I agree, that's exactly what he said. That's not what he said at all."
And worst of all they never come when they say they will When they tell you that they are conscious humans and not unfeeling robots that are very good at feigning emotion just to trick you. The only way to tell is by oening them up and examining their insides.
he has a particular set of skills... YATTA!
"Even the cat looks shocked. Went to an Oktoberfest, a guy shows up wearing this"
"This sub over values prospects way too much. I'd like to see something move. I don't want to see something stupid, like losing one of our young guys who's been producing. Just something to show the fans that the front office is actively engaged in the market."
I believe that would fall under personal information. Are we not allowed to link it here?
Anyone else see the blue eyes staring out at them in the final picture? I think I broke chat
"Pretty easy when the fuel costs are zero and you don't have to worry as much about digging up farm land (hell, you can stick wind farms and still have farmland getting used underneath amazingly).. You'd think that politicians would realise this.. (that's the whole point of renewables!!) Renewable energy now cheaper than coal and gas in Australia"
"Durant: ""I'm taking my talents to 1946"" Players Tribune: My Next Chapter"
Ohhhh I 'member 'Member Gains
Maybe it will be me :p Approved Giveaway $250 of Xbox Digital Gift Cards. Random winners chosen Saturday noon EST.
[TRIGGERED] There's a line between dark humor and simple disrespect. That is far far over that line.
I have to suffer enough as an Oilers fan for fucks sake. I'm actually starting to feel bad for Riderville. The leagues most loyal fans deserve better than this team.
"The other one I see people hanging on is a vote for anyone but hillary is a vote for trump. An embarrassing argument, why should I vote for someone, not against someone else?"
Yup! Premium Elite?
maybe ;) Hey! Make with the goddamn cartoons!
"genesect received, ty code sent, thanks"
"Get ublock origin. I also have adblock and it hasn't been working lately, anyone know whats going on??"
I did not have a permission slip for this feels trip. A 1993-1994 photo series on all kinds of healthcare in the Netherlands. (Warning: contains nsfw content including death)
"I especially like the Dutch ones! Well see there's your problem, i make it a point to only go out with ovens"
"Good cunt I'm an American who works with a lot of Aussies, Kiwis, and Brits ""cunt"" is thrown in every single sentence possible. At first I was a bit taken aback but now its completely normal to me."
FTFY: Lego Lasses A Lego for the Lego ladies
"356 Fight Me, Plebs"
"VAC bans are game specific You CAN get your account banned, but they are separate from VAC bans Will the VAC ban be on all games or just the one he got banned for?"
"If you knew what a strawman argument is you would recognize that is what your comment did, ""they are picking on Hillary"" I was creatively informing you that you had presented what is known as a Strawman argument, a logical fallacy in which you present a ridiculous ""straw man"" just so you can easily tear it down...instead of actually addressing the topic under discussion. I apologize is I was obtuse. :)"
You're not looking in the right places I have seen this story told many times in forums and reddit.but rarely do I see indian girls with firangs.
"I guess that's what the announcer said when he stated ""I guess he'll just take the DQ."" pretty much every swimmer in that pool could beat the world record if they only swam underwater. It's faster. But there's a limit on how far your allowed to swim underwater."
Didn't he lose the Jewish vote by like 50% Russian Government Spokeswoman Suggests Trump Won Thanks To 'The Jews'
Just imagine Roundabout playing at the end of the video... If UNO Was an Anime
I think right now the owner of said stolen ship gets their crimestat raised as well. what if it's a stolen ship?
That's a nice-ass garden Neighbourhood cats walk the exact same path through our garden
"I could see him being able to clear jungle camps effectively, if you bounce your 1 through the creeps and have it bounce back to them, you can do quite a bit of damage. I found out how to have fun with this spell"
"I have been playing since silver and have not even seen one that i could catch Sitting over here in the ""never got a shiny"" corner.."
Cuz it's easy..... And it does a lot of damage Why does everyone keep stabbing me in the back?!
"I recognized the launcher music, but where is the first track from? Pretty cool video. Awesome music to go with it. =P"
"Right before the fireball hits it's target that's when you zap, or if you need to fireball earlier then wait for it to hit then look where the troops scattered and then zap How do actually fireball-zap something Basically, zap the units you want to kill and then immediately fireball it. If you fireball first, the troops will scatter from knockback and your zap will not hit everything you want it to."
Gifs that end too soon Tesla Waterpipe
Killed so hard Ever hear the one about yelling fire in a crowded movie theater? It's a riot. It really kills em dead.
*Megan...* Drake and josh duh.
I went to AT&amp;T with a co worker earlier this week and they wouldn't give us the box or new accessories... Verizon keeping your accessories? Just got off the phone from samsung. If verizon tries to take the accessories just give them a call. The box and everything in the box belongs to you as part of the recall. If samsung just wanted to replace phones they would have just done that.
He's the type of guy that would hand out blankets to the Native Americans. Read the username of the poster you're responding to and ask yourself if you're likely to get a reasonable response to that question.
If you've ever tried to make a new one you'll know people have thought of everything I put that as my gamertag as a joke. I didn't think it was a real legit gamertag.
smooth as a cucumber Brutal backbreaker by Eddie Guerrero.
Commodore VIC-20. What was the first computer you ever used? I remember playing Nanosaur on my dad's new iMac G3 with the hockey puck mouse. What do you remember?
They steal all my shit at work all the time. Spy sapping your sentry
"I'm not sure the original comment was intended as a criticism. You know why I don't give a fuck about this kind of rhetoric? Because we are a way better side than last season, we weren't likely to challenge the flag this year, but next year is ours based on the growth year on year since Brad Scott took the reigns."
"Well and I thought it couldn't get any worse... haha ""Fuccbois"" are a phenomenon that you will know when you see. The most common are guys who act like they're super sexy ladies men when in reality they're just kind of overly narcissistic and demanding. Picture a shirtless guy making a ""sexy"" face with his lips pouted and eyes half closed and you will be seeing a quintessential fuccboi."
"Reverse elitism. My favorite past time is keeping pace with those kind of cyclists, spandex-wrapped, on $4k+ bikes for a few miles on my fixed-gear, then blowing past them in my jean-shorts which hold a loop of steel against my ass with minimal discomfort. Elitism comes in many forms."
Not MLG ready. 0:24 missed.
So all of them? That should be standard treatment for politicians who promise one thing but do another.
"Without seeing what other champs might get from all the changes who knows the end result... but I was super excited about when they were playing with warrior getting an AD bleed so this is just as good for me. Assuming any of that stays the way it is, yeah he should be even more of a monster in soloq"
How is Conor McGregor the manlet? Probably manlet McGregor.
"I know there are a lot of other nice things about the prequels, but Drew Struzan made some really epic posters for those three movies. If you normally defend the prequels, say something bad about them. If you normally criticize them, say something nice."
"Randomly when shooting, you will gain various weapon effects, such as shooting like you're Grog Nozzle affected, or shooting like you're getting Funzerkered. What are Glitched Weapons? Perhaps I'm missing something, but what is the gimmick of the glitched weapons you can obtain in this DLC? They seem to be on par with corresponding purple rarities but with an ""error code"" attached to them. Has anyone figured out what it means and if the weapon is special?"
"Or a Massive earthquake will level the Metropolis like it just came out of WW2. This is a great idea, but the problem is, we're not like South Korea that has 300+km of railways within their metropolitan district. I don't really see this happening until we have better public transportation within Metro Manila (which is unlikely to happen in 2020)."
Give a compelling reason to consider it so. What is the best response to a person arguing that the Bible is not divinely inspired?
Me and my girlfriend have worked out boys names but we don't have any good girls names. Do you have a preferred gender for a first child? Why?
"If you look really closely, your computer is now actually Deacon in disguise. Looks like deacon is trying a new disguise."
It does because you guys aren't even quoting the reference properly It never gets old Tryna make a change /-:
"I may not know how Treyarch does their business but I think they take way longer than a month to make the maps I already appreciated them, but Radiant hasn't changed my view. They have a month to make it, and they have a team of people working 9-5, I appreciate what they pushed out in the time that they have with the people that they have"
bretty dank/420 shit post is shit post. 6.9/6.9
"""Maybe I'm a man and maybe I'm a lonely man Who's in the middle of something That he doesn't really understand"" Favorite Lines from Post Beatles songs. I was just curious on what some people's favorite lines from post Beatles songs are. Personally I like: John: I see religion from Jesus to Paul- I Found Out I Took My Loved One To A big Field so we could watch the English sky- Well Well Well George: If you don't know where you're going any road will take you there- Any Road And I don't really have a good Paul or Ringo one yet"
Because he doesn't know what objective means. How can taste possibly be objective?
Gatling guns are legal to own. What is something that you can't believe is legal?
"inb4 obligatory ""what's wrong with being gay"" comment. I love this guy. In a very heterosexual, secure-in-my-masculity kind of way."
"If ignorance truly is bliss, you must be the happiest man alive :) nah, i'm good thanks."
"Why did you capitalize ""gay""? You don't tell a Muslim to go vegan, do you think they're Gay?"
"If a defending player is out of bounds like Wall is, is he allowed to make contact with the player with the ball? Out of bounds? - Knicks v Wizards"
"LALALA I CANT HEAR YOU RUINING MY CHILDHOOD I hear yeah, I heard the song ""**Greased Lightening**"" The phrases ""*You know that ain't no shit, we'll be getting lots of tit*"" ...""*You are supreme, the chicks'll cream*""...and ""*pussy wagon*"". Didn't even hear that as a kid. I just saw it a couple of months ago and was shocked."
That was the best two hours I've spent today. r/BetterEveryLoop
"Upper West side near Riverside drive between 90th and 120th. Where Can I Find Tauros in NYC? Travelling to NY the next week, I will stay for a couple of days, would like to add this regional to my pokedex if possible, is there any part of the city with it is more common? Or it isnt even rare at all? Would also like a damn Lapras and Aerodactyl my priority here is a Tauros, thanks in advance!"
I don't really see any contact though.... Definite penalty. Less definite red card. I don't think anyone would have bitched if only a yellow was shown.
We got you a present That's my birthday!
Annie Which champion would you have sex with?
I'm just sad that the shadow shot thing lasted so long and Titans only got like 1 day of infinite hammers Those zombies keep infinitely spawning and have infinite shadow shots. I can't ever win. -Valus Ta'aurc
"Something something sandbox mode TIL: 2 Vayne E's double the Knockback, but 3 Vayne E's cause no Knockback at all"
But it's dry heat ;) That sounds just awful
Such a stupid excuse Because it doesn't fit the games narrative.
That's what I'm saying I don't think these people realize how harsh the Texas legal system can be. Pot can get you *life in prison*.
ONI fuels the civil war so they can get away with that sort of thing. wouldnt the arbiter object to the unsc establishing firebases across the ark? given the tensions between the two governments are not exactly cordial.
"News Flash: convenience costs money. K-Cup inventor admits the brew-by-the cup concept is too expensive, doesn't own a machine"
"Need more nudes Just putting this out there [Mod Post] If you have and issue or something that is going to take some real mod work, don't PM on mod. Send us all a message via mod chat. Now, that doesn't mean sending us a message because you want to tell me Hi or discuss something with me, but if it's something major, please include all mods so we all have record of it. Thanks fam :) Love, -Profelec Also! Drop a line and let me know one thing you love and one thing you hate about this sub, and if it's reasonable I'll try to make it better!"
"Never. Oh shit.... well lesson learned, I guess..."
bruv u forgot the favicon. What's your major? (now at ucberkeleyeecs.com)
"Fuck it, 27K's. 16 Ks"
I admittedly laughed my ass off at this. Don't let history repeat itself
Mine is uncontrollable beacause I cannot say no to ladies. Men have internalized the lie that they have uncontrollable sex drives
"Makes me think first year RG, I love it! Stock color but I replaced the pickguaurd. Originally had a white tortoiseshell. Love the yellow."
"*If you are in a stack; pick a support. Please, if you are in a party of 3+ stack, someone pick support out of you three. Not all three hard carries/core. Doesn't matter if ranked or normal. Please."
"Shotgun shitting Aside from sex, what makes you moan or gasp with pleasure?"
"I'm sorry sir but because you've recently posted on a marihuana subreddit we have come to the conclusion that you partake in the herb and you are F I R E D ! But, since you're here, don't you smoke too? FIRED!"
Butt he's got an asshat! Fucking hive-mind.
I knew things were bad but not this fuckedup. This should be everywhere. The media is corrupt for not looking at the serious facts.
"That's 10 seconds more than I need ;) Yeah, they get inside for only 15 seconds lol"
"That was a cool pump fake! Official Game Day Thread: New England Patriots (10-2) @ Houston Texans (6-6) | Kickoff 8:30 PM ET, December 13, 2015 | NRG Stadium, Houston, TX"
10 When a male gymnastic coach tries uneven bars.
"What is the proper term then? But they wouldn't be putting people on the stand or accepting new affidavits or expert reports. They'd be relying on the existing record. And therefore they would not be ""fact finding."" Finding a fact might be how you colloquially refer to the judge making a determination about whether the person drove on a public road, but legally that is not the correct term for the judge's actions in your example. You're talking to a third year law student and long time court employee both prior to law school, during law school, and future clerk post-law school. And I'm sorry, but you're incorrect."
"I didn't even upvote this post but it's sitting on 11.6k and my vote won't make a difference anyway I usually avoid upvoting posts like these, especially when posted on r/pics to push a political agenda. For stuff from r/aww I don't hesitate to upvote, yes."
"You might've been using porn to cover depression. Knock me over with a feather? I feel so easily knocked last few days, my housemate just said to me that she wants the dish cloth to be boiled rather than put in with all clothes in the laundry. I felt down over that, suppose I was close to having a cry anyway. Same with my parents when I dropped in, I was quite emotional and had to keep my emotions in check, or choose to do so anyway. Few things like that happened during the week. Counsellor said to do something nice for myself each day and I try to keep that up. Will try play some sports later too to help my mood. Anyone else going through similar?"
"Stephen Harper never won re-election so not quite Fucking lul, no headphone jack. Truly we live in the darkest timeline."
A lot of underwear has weinerholes You go commando all the time?
Anyone with a highly contagious disease Who would be the worst person in the world to take a road trip with?
"Brooklyn is way cheaper than ""$2000 a month broom closet"". That is probably a bargain in New York. You get the burger and go back to your $2000 a month broom closet to eat it."
"So we talking a teenage Shaquille here? Ideally, you'd have more than prime Shaq. You'd need atleast a few young Shaqs on the perimeter to speed the game up and handle the ball. You'd need Miami Heat Shaq to be the wise veteran whos been there before. Defensively, you run some type of 1-3-1 zone with young Shaq at the 1, 2 &amp; 3 guarding the perimeter with Prime Shaq at the 4 &amp; 5. Ideally, one of the young Shaqs would leak out into transition on nearly every play. Offensively, hope your platoon of Young Shaq's can leak out effectively while Prime Shaq^2 grabs every defensive rebound and fires precision outlet passes. Avoid any era Shaq from extensive mid court dribbling or attempting any half court PnRs. (But it's Shaq, he's totally gonna do it anyways). Any half court offense attempted should be facilitated out of the low post through Prime Shaq. Young Shaqs should be setting screens for each other to open up baseline action that will easily be found by Prime Shaq."
Yeah he's probably the TA How are some people so smart? There's this guy that answers every single question asked on piazza with perfection. I don't know why he's even taking these courses if he already knows everything. Man what the hell
"The latter is how pretty much all of politics and business networking works though. I think it's better stated that there are two kinds of nice guys. Those who do favors for others, expecting nothing in return; and then there are those who do things for other people, expecting a reward. It doesn't have to be about sex or anything related to that; but if you do favors for others while expecting something in return, you're not exactly a bad guy. But you can't exactly label yourself as ""nice"" either."
The caucus for the great state of Denial and all of it's million delegates. Win what? A Diner's Club Card? A one way ticket back to Vermont?
Funeral services will be held in France and Belgium Source: Peshmerga kill 'dozens' of ISIS fighters on Mount Shingal
"I would love to see him say that to Colin's face. I know the flair says ignore, but under no circumstances should we silence this guy. He proves Colion's point masterfully."
Consultant? Having a lot of experience in the IT industry I can tell you that a master's (and even a bachelor) degree is a waste of time and money. Demonstrate self taught mastery of your chosen specialisation to get the good jobs.
"Thank you for your concern. Yeah, this happened in Asia, guess what happened to the minorities?. Good luck."
"It's a matter of opinion, not ""evidence"". That's all well and good except for the mountain of scientific evidence to the contrary."
"I think this person is fibbing. PSA: If you ever see users here being overly racist, it's just shitlibs pretending to be Trump supporters."
A person with a really messed up life and a masturbation addiction perhaps? Someone in the world has masturbated more than anyone else.
"Holy mother of fuck, 50%, and just look at the selective censorshit. What would Reddit look like on Sat, Aug-13-2016 at 12:00 without mods? (25/50 removed)"
That's a lot better than other names I've been called. So we're rogue robots now?
"Chicken Joe definitely smoked tons of weed, but I don't need to tell my son that for a few more years. Haha, Chicken Joe was awesome. Pretty sure he smoked *a lot* of weed though."
Yeah that well taken goal by Rooney in the dying seconds of the Burnley match certainly boosted our title chances...oh wait. We can drop this now. We were wank without him
ughhhhhhh I want to break those hipster glasses
*click* nuu dunt
thanks mate Black infrared VIs according to his IG
"Nope, still waiting :(. Did anyone got flagged today? Today would be the first day that Blizzard don't invite anyone to the beta. I hope I'm wrong because my weekend is likely to be long and boring if I don't get in and I'm stuck playing Battleborn..."
Propaganda like a wall or propaganda like terrorists around every corner? Implying they're not 80% fighting age men. Can't believe how easy propaganda works on you guys. A pic of a dead kid and some lies from Obama and suddenly facts mean nothing.
Everyone is just constantly fucking Every kids movie is now rated R. What has changed in the plot?
War has a long history of selection bias in which stories are told about it. Yesterday I asked why my grandpa (my Pop) why he never marches in the veteran parades.
"Strange it is, if they don't hand out Bible or bring up Jesus. Jesuits usually establish schools and are more education focussed."
"Yeah, because if you do talk about it, someone will cry ""rape"" and try to end your career before it ever starts. We don't like it either. We're just afraid to talk against it."
This is a complete rip-off of that Mothers and Father's Matter fleg that was around Ireland in the runup to the referendum Vladimir Putin's United Russia Party unveils 'straight flag' to rival gay pride symbol
This is the exact same footage that was posted two or three times just yesterday. Intense clashes near Donetsk Airport -
If I pulled a random Trout I'd be the sticky one. One Thread For Cards Can we just have a sticked thread for people who love to share their cards? I mean its cool you got a diamond and want to show it off but it bogs down this subreddit. I think the mods should just make a thread for people to put their cards in.
"All up with with shipping included will cost approximately 30aud, with DHL shipping from what I hear taking roughly 3-4 business days from despatch to door where"
Landry would you start wheaton or Landry?
"I was thinking g it sounded a bit like ""Unwound"" wasnt that young adult book ""House of the Scorpion"" something like this?"
Good for the 2 people who get to use it. Harvard University Announces No Tuition and No Student Loans
Just did a raid and dropped some tokens TWD:RTS - Anniversary Token Hunt
It sounds to me like Suthep Wongkamhaeng. What the fuck was she listening to? O.o
What natures are the Froakies btw? If you still need a froakie. I have a few 6IV HA ones I'll trade for either tornadus or palkia
but are those companies worth investing in? The top mobile games make ridiculous amounts of money.
"Lol, i like how they think these long term outlooks based on short term trends mean anything. Women and men won't reach economic equality until 2186, index says"
"Until we hit some sort of crisis where luddite thinking becomes very popular, then many rivers will run with sparks! Except the Internet. Long live the internet! Library of humanity! With extra large section on cats!"
Pick up a book OP. Everytime I scroll by the history channel
"I do it because it's free, it works, and it doesn't get crap all over my hands. Saw a guy deadlift with paper towels around the bar. Offered him some liquid chalk. Probably changed his life forever"
"Nomism, the whole point of the Gospel is that none by their own merits are righteous. In Your own Opinion, what is the most frustrating heresy? This is not meant to cause a huge argument, but I am curious to see what other people consider to be heretical."
Am I speaking to a 3 year old lmao Bernie sanders will never be president.
"While I can agree with this statement as I can confirm this driver is indeed an asshole, nobody deserves to have hot coffee thrown on them. that bus driver is a piece of shit, constantly arguing with riders and being a general asshole. he most likely deserved it. I filed a formal complaint about him a few weeks ago and haven't seen him in a while now. hopefully that cock got fired."
"lea, that you? Dark humor is like a child with cancer. It never gets old."
Where is Vicente Fox's brick going to go? I hope Donald does this when he builds the wall! (Donor bricks)
"Not OP,but nah it doesn't suck. I was 16 once and it sucked. I'm 51 now. Does being 16 still suck?"
"Not to mention just dropping EarthBound Beginnings on us like it was nothing - the rest of E3 could have been Reggie farting in the camera for three days straight and I would have still been satisfied. I still think the reaction will be less bad than last year. We went in last year expecting big things - and remember, they opened up really strongly with the Nintendo World Championships and the reveal of **Super** Mario Maker which looked genuinely fantastic compared to what we'd seen before. It all turned up to be a build-up to nothing. This time there will still be people who get their hopes up, but much less so because of this information. For me they've now put the bar so low that it's pretty much impossible for them to limbo under it. On the other hand if Zelda comes out looking like one of the best games of all time, then it could really really work. But let's not go in thinking that'll happen!"
"Concealed Carry on campuses is a pretty tricky thing to bring up. What political issues are controversial amongst students? I'm working on a short story about an election campaign for President of a university students union. I need a key campaign issue that can split the vote. My problem is that students tend to pretty much agree on all the key issues - more funding for student loans, expanded Pell grants, cheaper books, almost universally progressive on social issues like gay marriage and abortion. What are some issues where there is a genuine split in support amongst students?"
I'm from Europe and I have very few complaints about my ISP. True for everyone except ISPs Our ISPs sucks as much fucking ASS as Yours in some Places.
"As long as it isn't filmed in the same manner of Cloverfield, it could be interesting. How a Cloverfield/Godzilla crossover may work I would actually prefer a crossover, not with Pacific Rim, but with Cloverfield. Godzilla vs Clover, a fight almost a decade in the making, I liked Cloverfield and there hasn't been anything related to it since 2006, but imagine if that giant head-of-the-statue-of-liberty-ripping monster fits The King of All Monsters. Here is how it might work; Cloverfield is a found-footage movie, and if you've seen Gareth Edward's other movie, Monsters, you'll see that some scenes are found-footage. I'm not saying that the whole movie should be found footage, but maybe just some scenes to homage the original Cloverfield. The cool thing too is both monsters come from the bottom of the ocean, just different oceans (Godzilla from the pacific, Clover from the Atlantic), so they can work something out there like they're both prehistoric radiation sucking giant monsters. AND ANOTHER COOL THING, J.J Abrams (maker of Cloverfield) is working on the next Star Wars, and Gareth Edwards is working on a Star Wars spinoff, so maybe they can not only talk about Star Wars, but a kaiju fighting crossover between their films. Abrams said that the reason why there hasn't been a Cloverfield sequel is because he's busy and they needed an idea. Well Edwards can helm the film and I think Clover vs Godzilla is a good idea. Hopefully this idea will show the possibility of a Zilla-Field movie. Thanks for reading"
"Still.. russia is not at war with ukraine.. They claim they captured her in Russia. She is a former pilot, but joined up with those volunteer army fighting near the border. She was captured in Ukraine and her pathetic fellow soldiers all ran away and allowed some small group of rebels to capture her and drag her away."
"338,772 Dragon Ball Xenoverse. Giveaway #8 Steam Controller, Any Steam Game, 3 keys. Five winners, 24 hours! Good luck brothers!"
Delivery weed plus delivery munchies (via prime now or instacart) is like the anti-New-Year's-resolution. Seattle city leaders want recreational marijuana delivery service.
"Harry catching on to the time travel, of course. Flash S03E03 'Magenta' Live Episode Discussion Synopsis: Barry (Grant Gustin) and Team Flash are thrilled to reunite with Earth-2 Wells (Tom Cavanagh) and Jesse (guest star Violett Beane). Wells confides to Barry and Caitlin (Danielle Panabaker) that Jesse has all the powers of a speedster and has been saving people on his Earth. He is concerned about her safety and wants them to talk her out of using her powers. Meanwhile, Magenta, (guest star Joey King) a new meta who can control metal, terrorizes the city."
"Where we're purring you won't need eyes! I present to you Brick, our no-eyed cat"
The disposition matrix has you Yo faggots fuck off its my religion not yours
"I think its a well-known fact that anything Publix makes is amazing. Publix. Publix Ice Cream. It's fantastic. They make it themselves in their plant in Orlando with all sorts of seasonal flavors. It's a full half gallon(2qt) vs 1.5qt of most everything else. It's nice and thick and their flavors are rarely overpowering. Most are just perfect. I like them better than premium haggendaz type brands for half the price. And lots of the time they go on sale for buy two for $7 which still rings up just $3.50 per full half gallon. These sales are kinda random, last for a week, sometimes two weeks in a row. My favorite is their chocolate chip cookie dough. The vanilla and whatever other flavors they use for it complements the dough perfectly."
Idk why he comes to our games honestly I swear to god Drake is the biggest bandwagonner ever.
"That's not a knife... Yeah, it's common knowledge that all Australians are actually crocodile Dundee. Also we are better thnx"
Now we just need to see the making of for the Brooklyn garbage Larch Wood Butcher Block End Grain Cutting Boards
"They are, but it doesn't mean its not sexy Is it just me or do they look like red-colored shadow dyes?"
"This comment is so ironic it's literally embarrassing for you. But mooom, he is doing it too!! Why you guys can't have an actual argument without trying to divert it to some clown?"
Or even battle.net~ hearthstone has been patching recently. I thought it was but turned out to be steam doing background downloads - perhaps check steam if you use it?
I'm constantly taking things out of my toddlers mouth that could kill him and I KNOW he thinks I'm the asshole. I'm constantly taking things out of my dog's mouth that could kill him and he probably thinks I'm the asshole.
"Well, it's just a Western Europe problem, they are so brainwashed and politically correct that they simply refuse to accept it. I think not having Christian religious nuts has been detremental to you guys in Europe. Here in USA, I grew up with kids who believed gays would burn in hell. Its like you guys refuse to believe there is a connection between hate and religion."
shhhhh just let them complain. Every single thing? He's the focal point of the Divas Title? The US Title? The Intercontinental Title? The Tag Titles?
I contribute to the max every time it resets and I still only get 1 notification per day I believe the notifications don't show up if you haven't contributed the max.
bee too thanks bee_irl
"the park is suposed to be some peaceful place though. It's ok for kids to be kids in a kid related environment. At home, sure. At Chuck E Cheese - absolutely. The park? Go for it. Everywhere else on the planet they should be seen and not heard."
"I'm sorry, maybe you can ask Jeremy Corbyn to recommend a Homeopathic treatment to soothe your butthurt. Oh good, well I'm glad you thought about it thoroughly before making that original comment."
A metric shitton on FE prep stuff. What are you reading right now? We haven't done one of these threads in a while. Let's get intellectual!
s-s-senpai? T-T-Tebow..
"Connection via the prefrontal cortex. Then what is ""meaning""?"
"easy: Graphic settings: low. Consoles aren't only holding graphics back. PC's are too. Because PC's are so varied in power, developers have to take into account how many low end users will be playing their game, which means toning down the graphics so more people will be able to play. There really is no reason to have an overly powerful gaming rig because you will never use all that power unless you install graphic mods. So when you say consoles are holding graphics back, you might as well include low end - mid range PC's too."
"Somebody want to give us the short version of this article for those of us boycotting CNET for being corporate whores? For Sony Mobile, it's not enough to be smart"
Or just eating. Getting mass gainer will help a lot.
"People aren't taking it for cheaper fares, they're taking it for the experience and less hassle. $200 roundtrip seems like a lot. I paid $126 when I flew to Vegas with American Airlines in March, though that was a Tuesday-Thursday trip rather than a weekend one."
"sure my ign is the same as my reddit name, you can add me and we'll see what happens! Hey, I'll be in Hong Kong over the summer and I speak a bit of Cantonese (studied there for a while for secondary school), hit me up if you want to platoon! I'll need to find an account to play on though, maybe I'll sock my younger brother or something."
"10 + 15 = 25 ? Customizing a jersey with ""The Twins"" on the back. What number would be best? My first thought was 2 for the pair. Then I thought 85 for their birth year. Then I thought 03 for their draft year to the Ducks together. Any suggestions? I bought an orange 3rd jersey from the Honda Center and was told Sunbird graphics is the best place for customs."
"*lifts fingernail* Turn off your internal chronometer, Data."
I can I can't think of something more basic than complaining about someone's use of the word literally not beeing literal
"I searched for ""arse vase"" , ""butt vase"" , and ""ass vase"" and nothing came up Cursory search finds nothing similar to the picture. Could be an art class project? Secondly, ""Man ass vase"" turn up 1guy1cup, so uh, don't search for that."
"Will probably be accurate. This roster is terrible. Simmons is the rookie with the highest potential at a B+, Ingram has a B, and everyone else is B- or worse."
Hence yet another reason why rebellions should not count as a war. My biggest tip for beginners
**TRIGGER ME TENDIES** # TRIGGER ME TIMBERS
btw i m a grill ;) MRW I want to become a bird
"Yet that resulted in the space shuttle orbiter being way more expensive. One thing to remember: NASA and the military collaborate *a lot*. The Air Force does a ton of space shit, and NASA gets a tiny bite out of the military budget from sharing."
You; must; not; forget; I: Sergeant; Semicolon. And. Me. Private. Period.
"additionally in the ""what does it mean to be human"" frame of work, Under The Skin Blade Runner and Ex Machina: what does it mean to be human"
Do what now? What didn't you think it be like it is but is do?
"I have a feeling you don't understand the Mandela Effect. so should the side bar say that a large number of people remember well known facts incorrectly rather than those facts have ""changed"""
"I don't trust anything a Boston fan says about LeBron. Have you never heard LeBron talk? He is by far, and it's not even close, the biggest complainer in the NBA."
Baka's laugh is something I made a collection of every God's VEL spam for those you need it. Also memes
"Her mom said ""you should visit me more often"" when we went out shopping What made you realize that you are in a long term relationship?"
"Hey I don't know how to link comments on here, but I did infact just make a list of comedies I like to another guy on this very thread...go into my history and it should be like at the very top, below this one. what kind of comedies do you like? Give us a list."
"* Nats would have the best record in the league * Royals would regress a lot * Astros would finish near the bottom of the west * Nelson Cruz would struggle in Safeco * Padres would be pretty good Which of your player or team preseason predictions did you whiff the worst on? Some of mine: - Even as a Cubs fan, I thought the White Sox were going to be the significantly better Chicago team. I thought they'd make a run at the AL Central and the Cubs would be a couple seasons away from a playoff team. - Yankees would battle it out with the Rays for last place in the AL East - Royals due for a serious regression - Yasiel Puig NL MVP"
"Lack of decision centre, more liberal interpretation of holy books and therefore more extreme views visible. Why are followers of Islam terrorizing? I don't see Christians and other religions going about taking hostages in the name of their God. Aussie Muslims must do something to stop the fanatics of their religion."
Looks like a whole lot of shit that can break easy. A remote sliding car door
U fokin wot m8? Thems foytin woyds.
Because it overwhelms you... I don't get how an artist releasing so much content is bothering anyone You don't have to listen to everything the artist makes and with lots of Future and Thugger's content being released free its only the fans' gain. . Those mixtapes are not meant for the casual fans but for the hardcore fans of that artist.
"After a Bush we would've elected a bag of sand if it had D next to his name. That Hope/Change shit was surreal. The entire 2008 election was surreal. Obama could have been an extraterrestrial, and it wouldn't have mattered, because his skin was the right color. They gave him a Nobel Prize before he was even elected!!! This is all because of America's paranoid hysteria about race."
What? Rams head coach Jeff Fisher has signed 2-year contract extension through 2018
"Democrats are liberals It wasn't liberals, it was Democrats."
"The only way to prevent kill stealing if they actually followed aerial warfare rules and awarded split kills Suggestion: Make assists count for unlocks (at 1/2 as much as a kill) to discourage kill stealing and general lemming behavior observed during events. Even if it means ultimately upping the ""kill"" requirements it would be better than rewarding the most reckless idiots that spam the most bullets, friendly fire be damned."
"Sweet man, message me or the alliance leader on Line, I'm fannybandito and he is cptspaulding :D I am level 20 I think. 3 3 stars and a 4 star aou vision. I'm looking for an active alliance where everyone plays and contributes but isn't ridiculously hard-core. Im enjoying this game and have been playing quite a bit but I'm not the kind of player to grind for hours every day... if this seems like a good fit I would definitely be interested in joining"
Is this the only place I will be able to find it? Alpha/Omega (Alter x Megahouse) G.E.M. Emperor Lelouch &amp; Suzaku re-release announced!
"And if you eliminate everything with seeds, all you have are stems, roots and leaves. ""Vegetable"" is purely a culinary term to refer to plant ingredients that aren't sweet. That's it. That's all it is. It means nothing as far as classification goes. Consider the following list of vegetables: cucumber, tomato, squash and every other gourd (melons are gourds, so are cucumbers), chilies and peppers. All of those are also fruits."
Post the study then. You didn't read the underlying study. Frisch's study was peer-reviewed and published in the International Journal of Epidemiology. The study's finding was that there appear to be adverse sexual effects related to male genital cutting. The commentary link I gave you was an explanation of pro-circumcision crusaders trying to discredit peer reviewed studies because they don't conform to the pro-circ line. Frisch's study stands on its merits.
I personally hate brutalism but that's just because it got really really popular where I live so :/ Brutalism is great.
"Or in a BO5/BO3 yep And in competitive, in a split teams play an equal amount of games on blue and red."
"Well he is not really a nobody,he got a movie about his life. Ugh, I hate every time a famous person dies and some idiot has to post a picture of some soldier no one has heard of with the caption ""Everyone is sad about [insert famous person's death], while this man died for his country. 1 like = 1 prayer"""
Don't you upload at the huge crystal(s) surrounded by metal? Uploading to the ark Does anyone know how to upload your tamed dinos from single player or a non dedicated server so I can bring them onto my friends private dedicated server?
? Looking Good?
I did that. Verify game cache
"you can eat one too Estonia, c'mon"
Or... you know... use a password? Using your flash drive as a key for your computer.
Watch out spiderman the symbiotes are in town. Magnetic Liquid
"I guess I don't get how two private organizations can even be allowed to influence a public office like they are in the first place. Yet people will bend over backwards to defend and justify it - ""They are a private organisation so they can do whatever they like!"""
"Yeah, it's one of my favourite themes in the the game too. Warring Triad questline; I love how many Azys Lla remixes there are in the game."
"College chicks bro, college chicks. Hmm, don't know why he would bother going to college when The Walking Dead is gonna set his acting career up for life rather than some uni that won't do jack shit He has it made what's the point"
"I don't disagree, but it's still better than having to pay real money for it 30:1 is a horrible ratio. 10:1 would be more understandable but still frustrating considering how rarely commanders drop."
"How does this post have more upvotes than the video has views? Sky Cinema's new trailer for the Star Wars Saga. This may be the best trailer I've ever seen concerning all the films, as it has incredibly beautiful transitions between the duel scenes and it uses TFA's 3rd trailer's fantastic score."
"That's amazing... but could someone explain the uses of this? Computer simulations that teach themselves to walk, with sometimes unintentionally hilarious results"
The store and community are on different servers. Huh. I didn't think this would work given that store.steampowered works fine. Thanks.
"Jimbo, dabo, petterson, and Harbaugh could do it. Nick Saban and Urban Meyer have won a combined 7 of the last 10 national championships; they are the only current head coaches to have won more than 1 title, and each has 3+. Is there anybody else coaching right now that you believe could achieve the same level of dominance in the future? I know similar questions have probably been asked before, but this seems to be the only place on reddit that isn't obsessed with politics right now and I think it's an interesting question anyway. A lot of the time long-term coaching skill is a complete roll of the dice, but I'm curious who's on peoples' radars right now. Personally, I could see Harbaugh being part of a stat like this in a few years. There also seemed to have been a consensus before the season that Herman was gonna be the next big coach, but I feel like that's cooled off a bit after Houston's current struggles (though Herman is undoubtedly a very good coach). As far as other G5 coaches go, PJ Fleck is getting some (well-deserved) hype, and I think Willie Taggart is going to be finding success at a P5 school within the next few years."
Lost? TL;DR : What the fuck is happening on this island ?!
"The second one most likely, though my friend is gonna lose his virginity there to his SO, who is hosting the party Party sex? Like an orgy? Or just try and hook-up with someone from the party?"
"Don't sleep, there are no beds in the tower, become one with your guardian, Guardian. That's true. I just don't have the time right now. Working 2 jobs sucks."
But... He said I'd be shocked by what his never-sent investigators in Hawaii found out. Full Flop: Donald Trump abandons Barack Obama birther conspiracy
Extreme situations call for extreme measures. You can't smoke on public transit anymore :(
Edgy as fuck Noodle Dragon 16 - animated by Diives
"Pretty much what you said.I could actually make a Dragon Priest but even for that I need 1 Cabal,1 Ysera and 1 or 2 Lightbombs and even then I would be skipping Vol'Jin.I only have 880 dust right now and I'm trying to gather some more playing arena to make a better deck for constructed. He doesn't have a lot of dust. Control warrior is pretty much the worst deck you could suggest for him. The better priest decks all generally use sylvanas/ysera as win conditions, plus stuff like lightbomb to control the board. Unless you have quite a bit of dust, I wouldn't suggest priest, either."
"hotd, chen and rubick multiple times buffed jungle creeps? What's the higest health creep you can midas in dota?"
"Fuckin A! It's never fucking coming back because you even a very little tiny bit can expect what's coming, no matter how fucking crazy it is because there was nothing like Rick and Morty before and now there's Rick and Morty so even though there's only been twenty episodes you can see the beats, even though in the fucking pilot it was 'sooooo fucking crazy' that was just because you had no fucking frame of reference you stupid piece of shit. Jesus Christ, you fucking asshole just enjoy the show goddamn."
Fantastic reference. Sort of day of the triffids
But... but DRONES! Do these people not realise they could just drive the tablets across the border. There are no check points. It isn't a militarised border. I don't even think there is a fence.
"How'd you go down to street level in google earth? Just got Vive yesterday. After a shipping delay from Amazon my cyber Monday Vive with the new cable and straps arrived yesterday. I didn't have much time to set up or test it out due to work and school but did the tutorial and some Lab games with waist level lighthouses. But today me and my cousin rigged up the lighthouses on either end of my room and were able to come up with just a bit over the minimum usable area for roomscale. After some r/techsupportmacgyver techniques to get the lighthouses up we tried out Google Earth for about an hour before getting dinner. And it was mind blowing, to be able to basically walk around the streets of New York and actually look up at the scale of the buildings. At this point i began to feel a little queasy and needed to rest so we went to get food and take a break. After dinner we played another hour of Zombie training simulator and I didn't want to put it down, it was only after realizing that i was fairly sweaty and it was getting late that I decided I should get some sleep before work in the morning. This is my second experience with VR with my first being a short unguided test of an Oculus DK1 at CES a few years ago. That time I had only used it for a few minutes but it left me feeling ill for the rest of the day. So after seeing more recent reviews that many of those orignal problems had been worked out and when I saw the Cyber Monday deals and having another $100 in Amazon gift cards I figured that this was the best time to take the plunge and of course I was a little worried because my dad can get bad motion sickness from somethings, but so far I haven't had any problems. I am rambling now but just wanted to tell my road to VR story becuase this may be the best thing I have done this year and I cant wait to get back into the virtual world. Will post pics of my setup soon."
"No worries man it's cool, happens to all of us. I'm not sure what went wrong, I certainly didn't intend to insult you, though in hindsight I realize that I did. I'm not sure if I intended to respond to someone else, or if I cut and pasted this from one of my other posts. Sorry .... misunderstanding."
Please check out the resources section of our wiki for links and suggestions! Podcast suggestions? I want to listen to a bravo related bposcast. I've heard Satssi's is good and watch what crappens.... What else?
You can do this repeatedly on the Diversion Channel in Southeast Missouri Bow fisherman gets a 2 for 1 special
"you do understand that not being MARKED classified does not equal them being ""not classified"" dont you? Because none of the documents were designated as classified when they passed through her email server. They are being classified now to avoid publishing sensitive data to the public."
That sounds like a win to me to be fair I told my MIL she's insane and needs to find professional help asap. Now I'm banned from all family gatherings and parties my in-laws organize. Weird...I ran out of fucks to give years ago.
"No, he needs to get pneumonia and send an email first to merit any media attention whatsoever. Now he just needs to call into CNN's live shows every day and repeat that again and again. Otherwise, our media will forget."
Just sharing conspiracy theories What?
And so the ultimate security hole is simpleton bean counter managers who don't think to pay those people well. One of the biggest security holes is paying the people in charge of security crappy wages.
"2 months for us to finally get green keep in EB.... 2 months ;~; ahhh, the old days of 100% exploration. when you would wait 2+ weeks for your team to cap a certain tower, or for your server to switch colors. DAMN KIDS GET OFF MY LAWN"
"Not really misleading, it's exactly what is shown in the info that is available including the ** I know you added the qualifiers but could you not have come up with a better, less misleading title?"
"Can we be best friends? May your hamstrings become as steel, may your back become like iron! Behold, the power of the iron temple! WHEYMEN."
srsly I don't even
Uma thurmon in kill bill Pam Grier as Jackie Brown takes that spot for me. She rocked it.
But they don't agree with abortions Some (a lot) would argue that PP prevents a lot more abortions than it performs PP tries its damndest to prevent pregnancies Not by supporting something that causes that which they disagree with...
Not a great troll DO NOT BUY CRACK AT 45th AND PASEO Crack heads are selling rock salt. Do not buy crack near the gas station at 45th and and Paseo. It is fake.
Had the 800 kills for 3 done Then you didn't start 3 days ago. I've been playing for around an hour or two a day since a week after the day came out and been doing the hero challenges since early on and I'm just now on my last specialist doing the double kill challenges.
"But not as awe inspiring. You can still get pretty near them when you start off on the path, even if it's not right up against the stones in this picture. I was there in April and it was pretty awe-inspiring to be honest."
"Mental health is such an ignored topic. Son of Victim Arrested for Protesting Military Exploitation of 9/11: 'Using Sept. 11 as a justification for an unnecessary war, torture, drone strikes and civilian casualties compounds my grief and is wrong-minded and counterproductive.'"
still costs money to go through the whole process. Just saying they probably won't win.
"Live he sounds terrible trying to do them. I just wish *The Congregation* had more harsh passages. Not a lot, just a little bit more. Einar Solberg can handle it just fine, IMO."
All cats are beautiful. What does ACAB stand for?
"I already have a upgraded cpu cooler :) It is an i5 6600k, he doesn't need to upgrade! :O Maybe a better CPU cooler"
"I'm asking why you think he would do it then, and not sooner. Money"
"How is the 660ti weak? It's decent, but the GPU is quite weak. If you can get him to save another $100 off it would be a much better deal."
"pretty much what happens to me every time i attempt to climb at the rock gym ( I usually make it only a few stories up). The feeling I had is when you get to the top of something high, and there is nothing left for you to reach higher up for. Then the impending fear that the only way down is to put your feet down and you have no idea where to put your feet because you can't see below you properly. I am a person with mild fears of heights who likes to go hiking."
"Yea, but the context that adreN hasnt been performing for a long time. 5 kills could be better than 15 kills. All in the context."
"Another Russian import. Check Behind Me? Nah, I'll Just Turn Now."
FireCake has around 130 apm Good job! Pretty surprised you can get to masters with zerg and only 130 apm
"I love everything about Christian Yelich, hate that he plays for Miami What player on a rival team will you never admit to liking.... but secretly love everything about them? Mine might be a catcher.... He might catch for the Cardinals."
"I love it when racist jimmies get rustled. Ben Jacobs: An attendee at the Trump rally is shouting at media that part of North Carolina is turning into ""Little India"" &amp; cites ""underground tunnel"""
"I only got one Things you think about Patches, but not your girlfriend"
"model is very ugly, 2/10 Boudoir at the Bar... great reflection"
Coming from experience I agree with you.... They have 0 traction always. I've heard they're shit to drive. M3's now 4's have been in a downward slump since the e36.
Zargarude Sandstorm I close my eyes...
"My guess is that it will bounce, but will eventually come to a rest. What stops it just bouncing off again?"
Thanks for sharing I never had a cramp in my jaw
He is old now when he started he was quite the looker Ron Jeremy is the most prolific male porn star ever. Look at a picture of him.
"Don't you think it's a problem if we can't check for that? If we have no way of knowing, then there's no basis to bitch about it being a problem."
"/thread Poor chess players, same map over 500 years. Must be so bored."
Thanks \^^ [M] this looks great! Congratulations on vision 2030!
Wow! ;) I'm well-rounded
"Even when he loses, he always get under 16. Congratulations!"
"Peri!Hisame is ridiculous. Hisame. I will admit he isn't great as a unit and his hair is ass, but I like his character a lot, so I have to bring him into end game with all his 2nd gen friend. Luckily, it is easy to grind in RV/BR."
"Only performance bonuses I can think of that matter would be either pro-bowl or, more importantly, All-Pro berths. Could throw in performance bonuses too, but those would be kind of hard to quantify for DTs. Also something about playing a certain amount of games since he is injury prone."
You're welcome! Looks awesome man! Thanks!
Arnold_LiftaBurger M.D. I wonder how that would have turned out...
"You're right, its an edited video with obvious skips and edits It's still not even the full video..."
Write-ins are not allowed in my state... You're short on luck then. Write in harambe
"I would think for a hide a seek, during trading hours, you would want to encourage it as it is just more customers in the store. Kind of like the hide and seek events at IKEA. Bitch about it one year next year it multiplies."
"I prefer the ""seerphone."" I like how only one person was trying to defend the Facebook post by stating Raw's article writer didn't understand what Utchdorf was getting at (even though it's pretty obvious he was saying iStone is gob's way)."
"I remember all those hypothetical elections McCain and Romney won during convention time, too. Yes after she spent how much already? She is outspending trump and she is barely breaking even. That is not the signs of a strong candidate. When she talks, all I hear is ""trump =hate"" while I'm not a trump supporter, that to me shows that she doesn't have much to offer. I'm over the lies, I'm over all the scandals. She won't be getting my vote. I'm writing in Bernie or voting Stein."
"What are you yelping about? Gotta get dirty, pay people to post bad things about their businesses and if they don't like it, tell them to pay up for an account and we'll delete it. ""Protection"" rackets are profitable businesses."
I think we shouldn't have sold Toni Kroos only to give Xabi the salary that Kroos wanted in the first place. Xabi Alonso's lack of mobility is now a liability for Bayern Munich; What do you guys think?
"Is there anyone else who thinks that Priyanka is just gonna embarrass us? I was a little sceptical about doing 'Quantico', says Priyanka Chopra"
At least you get your skins back. well shit D:
I think it still looks pretty cool... How underwhelming it is with no colors.
wonder how many new fans he won't get in 2017 with no ranked border or victorious skin to prove he's actually good at all. Shaclone gets banned after inting on stream
"If you're in the Big XII and not TCU, and you say anyone other than Baylor you're wrong. Other than your rival, who is your least favorite conference opponent?"
"yeah this stings. but yes Don, offering him 33 million over those same 6 years (5.5 aav) and he declined. lmfao."
"Don't tell me what to Doot Test post, please ignore"
I hope she apologized 100 times! Thanks so much. I've recently moved and needed *desperately* to get my brows done. This lady jacked me. My little brow gap was never that bad. I used to just powder-fill it and they looked great. She waxed me down to nothing. I refused to pay and maybe that'll cover the new products I need to look less crazy. Lol
"It is time for all faiths to step up and denounce their fundamentalists. Muslims all over the world condemn terrorism, express solidarity with French"
Also bc they know it's a problem and there isn't anything they can do rn. Why doesn't u/its_epi or ubisoft ever respond to server needs?
"If you remix the remix, is it just back to normal? When tires retire, are they new again?"
"As much as I could try, it is not. Ooh. This is a tough one. Is just becoming gay an option?"
"As a server admin in sandbox games, I'll regularly cheat in materials for the sake of not spending eight hours to get my building idea out. Cheating in video games. I'll never understand the appeal. There's 2 categories that I can think of... A) The people who need to win to feel good about themselves but can't win without hacks. B) The people that do it to upset others and somehow get enjoyment from it. Either way you look pathetic in everyone's eye and we're thankful we don't have insecurity issues like you."
I love both but Harmony is soooo good IMO It's his opinion... I personally love Heartbeat but kinda dislike Harmony...
"No worriez man *than. Sorry, grammar is the last foothold we Bruins fans have to chirp about this season. And even then, our fan base isn't particularly known for its vocabulistic prowess"
"Thats the bike with the fuel tank in the back right? A really interesting article about the Honda NC700X, ""a bike which until now has been at best a small blip on the radar of most motorcyclists""."
"Now I know you have nothing to say. That's a little uncalled for, isn't it?"
I think you meant 'hodl' Also need to factor in hardware related issues due to faulty boards etc... Basically buy btc and hold unless you have a good sum of money
"Yep, Bought the Fallout Anthology and I loved 1 &amp; 2 If you have the patience for turn based RPG's, try 1 and 2 as well. You can get them for 10 bucks each off of GOG or Steam, and they run on pretty much anything. The writing is so good, it's practically book quality writing."
"there's an AC, but it gets sucked up the hoods before it hits me :( Fuuuuuck that. Do you at least have a fan or something in there to keep the air moving??"
"Too bad they scrapped the big dog. I don't know.. they seem to like their new toys. Everyone wants to play. The tracked job is interesting, but does it really need tracks which are so much more expensive than regular wheels? It looks groovy and all, but a Toyota Hilux pickup is much more useful."
"We just signed that Nelson Valdez fellow, he's a forward. Clint Dempsey, Obafemi Martins, Andy Craven, and now Chad Barrett all hurt. That leaves us with Victor Mansaray (rookie), Darwin Jones (rookie), and Lamar Neagle (so sad) as our ONLY remaining forward options."
pm it From a certain website that apparently i cant talk about on public forums......someone yelled at me last time on here. But i can get really good deals on all vortex stuff
This dude looks a lot like Darshan Yassuo's Mental Breakdown
Just for shits and giggles what two painkillers did you mix? TIFU by mixing painkillers and sending my dying words to the girl I love....While high
"Nope, but I tell people who think YIFY is good why it's shit. Or, you know, it's fine. Do you also go to the ps4 sub and tell people they should all be playing on PC? Different priorities for different people, file size, convenience, lower audio is not an issue if you're watching it through the tv speakers. It's fine."
Team of 2 add dc_witness 34 Hunter lookin for 2 ToO
What a great coach he is. Byron Scott May Shift Kobe Bryant to Point Guard
"I wasn't actually there, fortunately. Haha how come you were there? Family or what?"
"ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh maybe. MBTI Skype Group: We're short on Ti-Fe! Hey guys, I've been running an intertype MBTI Skype group for almost half a year now, and it's been one of my best experiences on the internet. I'm always looking to balance us out as best I can, and right now we could use some TPs. In the past, they've made great members, with well-constructed opinions on a variety of interesting topics. Conversation is largely casual and text based, though we do host voice/video calls whenever enough people are interested. If you're shy, there's no pressure to join or speak up in voice calls. On the whole however, we tend to be pretty interested in philosophy, psychology, science, and poetry. If you've got a cool niche interest, we'll probably be interested in hearing about it. **If you think you'd be interested, send me a PM with your Skype username, age, gender, MBTI type, and a brief (~paragraph) self description so I'll know how to introduce you.** Hope to see you soon!"
"That's a filibuster. Immigration Reform Bill Will Substantially Reduce the Deficit, According to CBO"
"It wasn't a jet.. It's reported as a Russian spyplane.. So its most likely an IL-20 The jet didn't have its transponders on, so the way it was avoided was by the pilot of the commercial airliner visually spotting the plane and re-directing their course. Typically, airliners should *never* rely only on visual aid to avoid another aircraft, which is why this is pretty significant as far as a pilot being intentionally neglegent of air safety."
"Asperger's? Yep. I'm a pretty bad judge of character, so I assume even the nicest of people are giant douches without having said a single word to me."
"against an omniknight and a sven you need all the purge you can get It was a good play, until I saw a DIFF BLADE on lich. I was like WTF???"
I respect a feller that takes his downvotes like a champ and doesn't delete. Holy down vote train
"May I remind you that Pakistan and other African nations are part of the common wealth. I actually like this Idea. It would be kind of like a ""Commonwealth citizenship."" It would present greater opportunity between the nations."
Tres Twoteen
"Amen. We love a violent sport and then get surprised when people try to hurt each other, cheat, and lie. Go figure."
"Seriously, and then the people that walk in such irregular patterns that you cant pass them because they're bound to randomly cut a certain way. Also see: slowly weaving across your path as you make to go around them. If you must walk slow, at least walk slow in a straight line."
once BFZ rotates itll be playable; is that a possibility that you were hinting at? I love how desperately everyone is trying to convince themselves that Emrakul is playable.
"Especially when Woody uses the top reply as his answer Any hypothetical question, always ripped right from askreddit btw, makes for boring conversation."
"Could they also have towed the vehicle as evidence of the impersonation and the search was an inventory? They asked him for permission to search the car, but proceeded anyway without consent because they claimed to have probable cause. The question is, what specifically was their probable cause? Perhaps OP not being sure if he had (potentially illegal) weapons in the car."
m'perk Meijer represent!
"Anxiety, so I'm too scared to correct misunderstandings. What personal trait has gotten you in the most trouble?"
"Washington, He was six foot-eight and weighed a fucking ton. Stolen from Fight Club- Which historical figure would you fight if you had to, and why?"
420/69 R8 my Setup
Trump's closest advisor. Archbishop of New Jersey
"I gets real lonely out there... TIL that in South Dakota, adultery is illegal only if the married person cheats with a member of the *opposite* sex."
Horse Want
Also Sweden is part kebab so you get to remove some **Sigh**. Harassing homogay Sweden is fun too^^I^^^guess...^^^^No^kebab^removing^for^me^though...
"Careless lack of door-locking, that's what! Embrace the moment. Also, how does one accidentally come in?"
Every douchebag with abs lol Guy picks up Girls by showing off his Abs
"some say mass surveillance actually hinders their ability due to the enormous amount of data to go through, the whole needle in a haystack thing then there's all of the simple ways to avoid this and the whole lack of terrorist attacks in australia, we have much more domestic violence occurring than 'terrorism' ... to me it's... a huge cost being forced onto consumers for their own surveillance ... very little bang for buck i m o ...also the huge stores of data will be a huge honeypot for hackers to target :/ ... also where is it even going to be stored? I highly doubt the police give a flying fuck about domestic copyright infringement, chasing up illegal downloaders would waste resources better spent on fighting real crime. Data retention is about giving police and intelligence services better tools with better information to investigate crimes and potential terrorist attacks. It will be paid for with the increase in productivity of those conducting investigations."
"Yes, and all others. Is it happening with the default messenger?"
"It shortens the video, and cuts out a lot of ""Eumm"" moments. Why are people still using obscene amounts of jump cuts?"
"i hope the UN won't send them cholera like previously ""Food, water and building supplies began to reach remote corners of Haiti on Wednesday as tens of thousands of people slowly rebuilt their lives after a devastating Category 4 storm hit last week."""
Kim Jong Un Edit : all the Kim Jongs Who's wrongly portrayed as a hero?
1/10000 1/16 scale?
Ditto (just a newbie warlock at l260 trying to experience that stuff that needs preformed striketeams) PSN name is Reddit username looking for people to just play around with in prep for rise of iron
"Do you think existence of systemic prejudices against race is unironically denied often in this sub? Good choice, it only gets worse from there. Later on a black man gets on stage and acknowledges the existence of systemic prejudices against race. Chilling stuff. Probably unethical as well."
I've found my spirit cable! Why are you taking so long between sets? Get off your phone!!
"Maybe sometime nearer to his AI book Get Elon Musk on the podcast Sam and Elon are two of the greatest minds alive today, and I'm pretty sure they would have a great conversation about several topics related to things like AI or even technological advances. Elon has expressed his appreciation for Hitchens in the past, so his chances of getting along with Harris are pretty high. I can't be the only one here who has great admiration for these two men, so having Musk on would be a great addition to the podcast."
"Didn't play in 5 months, went from LE to nova 3 :,( I played my first game in 2 months the other day. Wen't from LEM to MG2:("
"They defended trump too and still got downvoted? """"Slavery is only ok when non whites do it"" - BLM"" ""Yea, because BLM totally supports what this guy did!"""
"Somebody played that same joke at the house party I was at, we all laughed. My dad thought it would be funny to turn the power off at midnight, scared the shit out of my aunt."
I don't think that's even logistically possible given Guantanamo's size Donald Trump's potential Homeland Security chief: Send 'a million to Guantanamo without trial'
walk away and get on with your day What's the best way to deal with people that have parked horribly?
Bernman and O'Mally Batman save us from this coin misery!
It'll probably get an official release so we might be waiting for a little while... Now all I need is that S&amp;R Remix.....
Make sure those stickers dont leave any rez PC build refresh 2016
"Hey, I got to vote yes on this one. Biggest Libertarian Victory of 2016: Maine Introduces Instant-Runoff Voting"
"Repeatable damage above the curve. Why Goblin Guide in Burn? Hi guys, I just started using the MTGGoldfish budget mono red burn deck. As I have goblin guides, I was considering using them in the deck. I take it they would replace the Spark Elementals. However, I'm pretty sure I don't understand exactly why they stand out so much. Would somebody be so kind as to enlighten me? Are they as good in the late game as in the early game? (late game probably is around turn 5-6, for a burn deck...) Thanks"
Sadly it won't be in NFL's Free Game Fridays either as the Pats had a lot of games to choose from Patriots @ Chargers 06 AFC Divisional Playoffs Does anyone have a link to any kind of footage from this game? I can't find anything and it's a shame because this is one of the classic playoff games of this century and I can't find a lick of it on YouTube.
What's stopping you? I wish I could do this
You can't get in if your intelligence is too high but nothing says you can't be a cop with a child's IQ! Many of these guys are just *itching* to exert force and power over other people. Doesn't matter who or how old they are.
"Should I store my inventory somewhere first? Press F3 to get the screen to enable console, press F8 to get a mouse to uncheck the box (uncheck disable console, top left) close out of those menus press ~ to open console type kill That was the only way I got my guy to stop walking everywhere. Even entering and exiting the base didnt work."
My only basketball jersey (despite being a Bulls fan) is an LBJ Cavs throwback. Lebron James
"W8QLCG73T6P Crunchyroll Guest-Pass Thread Old thread was archived (no more new comments), so here's a new one. [](#garlock) Rules: All of the rules of the sidebar apply here. Post all codes you wish to donate in one comment. Only post codes. Other comments will clutter the thread and may prevent codes from being seen. Only redeem codes for your own use. Reply to the comment you took a code from with the code you redeemed. (Optional)"
Wait for the stars to no longer be in the proper alignment and then put it at the bottom of the sea? How can you kill that which has no life?
fuck I thought that was a mirror. Staring contest
Interesting wonder weapons and more map exclusive and era weapons What do you want in the next Treyarch zombies game? My list: 1. Game modes 2. Better easter egg rewards 3. At least 2 new perks 4. More exclusive guns to zombies 5. Better unlockable camos (the ones in bo3 sucked)
That my kids lol Funny post on Instagram from the Stro-Man
Lmao my bad Shut the hell up.
"I dunno Bronze contracts only giving 5 games and not 8? Hey guys, So I'm trying to renew the contracts on my sweaty bronzes but instead of 8 games as the contract advertises it restores only 5 when I actually apply it. Why is this? Sorry for sounding like a total noob. Thanks, FK"
Libya True what you say. Come to think about it... also ask Nicaragua and Laos and Vietnam and Cambodia and Iraq and Guam and Japan and and and
"How did you know? Calm down there, Satan."
".... someone should start this **League of Redzone**, catch all of the action from each of the games playing simultaneously. Will be great when they introduce quadbox. Lets go Riot! In seriousness though, this also opens the possibility for games to be played at different locations. Perhaps one game is played in NYC while another in LA? Looking at the bigger picture, this is a good direction to be shifting eSports."
It is trickier than I thought You can work on your mini game
"The guy who leaves should be punished, but the remaining 4 players should not. Well, because they dont like to approve such behavior? Remaking after DC makes the person loose...nothing"
"Surprised there even is a curfew there, doesn't look like a residential area (but I've never been). Coachella set times: Guns N' Roses will flirt with curfew"
"My nephew just got one of these, prepared for this My cousin got a drone for Christmas.."
carefully noting this for later Coconut oil is the real deal during sex. Feel great. Tastes good. Great lube. I keep a 1kg jar in my bedroom. Its also the real deal at frying and food and stuff.
"I'm in Sweden and we sure as hell don't deserve Trump, we need him badly though. The hero we need"
"I could have sworn that you were going to make a MGS reference... That dream officially died for me when I was on a remote FOB (Forward Operating Base) in Afghanistan that happened to have internet. Late one night, went for a little private time and saw the typical banner: ""CLICK HERE TO MEET JESSICA! SHE'S ONLY 8 MILES AWAY!"" Tell Jessica to get the fuck out of there. The local imam is NOT going to like the way she's dressed and the road leading to where she is had 3 IED strikes on it yesterday."
"While it was stupid for an executive to post, it's pretty true. The time that Stephanie McMahon tweeted that humanitarian efforts and charity were the new form of good marketing."
The creators even acknowledged this. Anyone else notice how every rapist imaged is male?
"I thought it was the new expansion team, the ""Mexican Blades""? The answer will always be Ottawa or Minnesota"
"Whoever is the Grandwizard right now If you could make anyone in history or alive today black, who would it be?"
Shittier post. Shitpost.
Yadier Molina #FIOF-Figure it out Friday! Comment for a chance to win a copy of RBI Baseball 15. Winner is chosen at random from all correct entries. Happy Friday! Good Luck!
No not really but thanks You want some updog?
Mercury does not go in your dick-hole. I want to stick my dick in it.
"Sometimes Redlands Vinyl and Collectibles has some good stuff, or maybe every now and then the Hollywood vendor spot in Redlands Galleria. Records? Where's the best places to find records? I hit a few thrift shops in Riverside and the Van Buren swap meet, but I haven't found much. I'm planning on visiting the Mad Platter by UCR too. I heard there's a fairly new place in the Pomona, Ontario, Chino area that sells cool records. Any ideas?"
"Imagine if she just drops out because she can't handle it anymore and there's only one candidate left months before the official election Hillary's Campaign now admits: "" Donald Trump has a real chance of winning."""
This sounds like the same Canadian guy that scared that bear off... Man taunts coyote as it attacks him
First thing I thought of when I saw this thread! The worst thing about prison was the... was the Dementors. They were flying all over the place and they were scary and then they'd come down and they'd suck the soul out of your body and it hurt!
"Tfw you know there shall be a USS Donald J. Trump. Help make the USS ""The Deplorables"" a reality!"
Tons of former players is your reason. The Florida Panthers for some reason.
"Would you rather he didn't and let it trickle onto the net? I hate that his first instinct is to look behind him, he really needs a good game here for some confidence."
I've played Sparky since before it got buffed... oh wait... sorry bout that its just when i say lava hound people assume i only started using it cos everyones using it now in the meta with lightening. LH is pretty fun to play with and put around in different deks.
"So I wouldn't be able to FP for a teammate unless I have lvl 5 on the camp they want? Gating Ranked Play with Mastery System I was just curious how all of you would feel about riot not letting you pick certain champions in ranked que if you don't have Mastery Level 5. This way it creates a more competitive environment. I personally don't play ranked que (30 games this season, OCE Solo que in silver, people all attacking and abusing each other when in fact we all suck equally just isn't for me). But one common complaint I see is, you only have X amount of games on the champion why are you playing it in ranked. And was just curious what all you solo que plebs thought of the idea of gating ranked play."
My microwave is programmable so you can reprogram the popcorn button to a specific time. That explains the popcorn brand but then why do the microwaves keep producing that button?
"I have sunk many hours into Omega Ruby and Y, but I have never played GO. Yes. If you want to play Pokemon, just get the actual games. Go is trash compared to them"
"gl my friend I just started Manziel over Shaun Hill in my 2QB league. I feel dirty, but optimistic"
"""... So who did you catch ""asshole"" from then?"" Jerk on the bus An older man boarded the bus. There weren't any seats available and he had a bit of a limp, so I stood up and said, ""Hey, you can have this seat. My stop is coming up soon."" ""No thanks, whatever you have might be contagious."" It took me a moment to realize he was referring to the fact that I don't have any upper teeth. It's because I was in a car accident, and I've never hoped harder in my life that he was right about it being contagious. I got off a stop early because I was mortified. Don't treat people this way."
"For all we know, OP could be an ass man. I know why. It's the boobs."
"They're always armed and/or dangerous until the video leaks. Theres actuallya site that catalogs all these killings... I didnt read a lot of the 2014 ones there were nearly 1000, but the ones I did read mostly involved the police shooting someone who was armed and or dangerous. It wasnt like these people were surrendering and were shot. Not only that but stun guns aren't as amazing as people think they are, they only have a range of about 20ft. and both barbs have to hit, and if theyre waering thick clothing if may not work at all. Reload takes about a second but if someone is coming at you with a knife and you miss or arent quick enough youre fucked. If I was stupid enough to attack a cop or act like I was, I hope I wouldnt get shot but I dont think id be very surprised if I was. Thats not to say there arent cops who are trigger happy, but these shootings werent against people who couldnt defend themselves"
"It's also gettin hot on heerr thanks, trigg. you're a bro."
K thx bai :3 &lt;3 Got to throw in a few &lt;3's after your thx.
"The article is about Muslims in the UK not about Muslims around the world. I agree most victims of terrorist attacks in the west will not be muslim, but it's true that most islamic terrorist attacks worldwide occur in majority muslim countries where it's suicide and car bombings of an inter-religious nature: Sunnis vs Shias."
"Don't care what anyone says, this wonderful gift to soccer sent from the heavens is incomparable. Alba Goal against Espanyol (3-0)"
"There open to everyone, from what I hear. I had hoped if he was going to go to Rutgers he'd come to the Newark campus. Though unfortunately I imagine these things aren't open to non-students. I'dve liked to go. I certainly would have liked to see if this kind of stuff happened in an inner city campus. I imagine most of the students are too busy being poor and trying not to get mugged to deal with this bullshit."
"It's probably already happening. Which will now be used to prop up the failing war on drugs, which will be used as it has been since its inception. A license for law enforcement to steal what they wish, and to target people they deem undesirables, and as a lucrative subcontracting bid to the highest bidder. No, I wish I was joking, but private intellegence, and Agents moonlighting is a real thing. How long until this becomes used by individual agents and their paying customers to harrass their personal critics and enemies."
I usually watch the archived videos after I get my first blind run in. Honestly I will be watching the streams. I enjoy watching people attempt to get world's first to worry about spoilers.
Enjoy the most bland and badly casted (except for Chris Pratt) blockbuster movie of the 2015 summer. Jurassic World (2015)
Having fun is a feeling every League player should experience again. I didnt touch league since pokemon go launch. I feel bad sitting and playing for hours. Pokemon go really changed me ...
Poultri-fried. more like petrol-fried
With a designated GPU? Heck yea
The plate or the apple sticker underneath it? That's really tragic.
they are awesome. Does everyone have a deck these days? I feel like I'm missing out.
I believe Ant's forehead holds the secrets to immortality. I believe they they are functionally immortal.
"Welcome to being a conservative in 2016 Well every Republican presidential candidate is calling for bigger military, and Hillary is a notorious hawk, so I guess your kind of shit out of luck for a presidential candidate?"
"*you're* glad your the expert, asswipe!"
"He just sounded shocked and sad to me. I understand the seriousness of the subject matter, but that reporter sounded so condescending throughout the video."
"If ""your wife"" is still eligible as a parent then you can still be drafted Shit, they way things are looking, I might just have to knock up and divorce the wife I don't have."
"I always try to clear the entire map before satellites, though few games go that far anyway I usually dont find them all till Satellites... I should get out more"
"I read that in Gollum's voice. ""My deplorables..."""
"Doubt they would work OT just for a weekly update. I say Saturday... Come on DE what u got, come at me Bro."
Standard of living is not the same thing as economic equality. Lmfao...ya the peasant compared to the kings and nobles had it so much better. Meanwhile we are typing on a magic information machine with cellphones driving cars eating whatever we want.
they rush and pray but it works. Is that so? I remember them being one of the shittiest squads ever who mostly just rushed and prayed. So they changed?
"Yes, it's the combination and the Chinese continue to play their best game: the waiting game So it's all or nothing situation."
"You can do it but you're not gonna get good framerate in all games. Tech Question I have a GTX 980 STRIX, will it be able to run 3 1080p panels at a decent quality?"
"For the record, I think we just need to put this thread on pause. Whoa no need to forward this too fast"
"Next time I see a Dad being awesome I'll be sure to let them know, and then howl and run off. I was driving my son and my good buddy's kid home (both 4 at the time) on a cool fall evening. We had the windows down making all kinds of racket imitating animals. We were howling at the full moon as loudly as a grown man and two four year old boys could when we stopped at a red light. The guy next to us rolls down his window and says, ""You're doing the dad thing just right."" I instantly swelled with pride as a huge grin came over my face and he gave howl back as he drove off. I'll never forget that."
"I used slice for a few years, but with Google now it's no longer needed. google now? Ive never had issues tracking packages even here in Turkey"
Just like Wikileaks It did? That's incredibly shitty.
"That's actually illegal, no matter who owns the residence ""I am going to open all mail that comes to this house, even if it's yours."""
Thats yo whole thang? I didn't even realize I fucked his name up until you pointed it out lol. Q is the man.
Were they homeless? Because it's much cheaper?
The electromagnetic spectrum! You forget most of reddit is on the spectrum.
"To be fair, BMac's face is like six inches from his crotch. Well, that's awkward."
Balance between sauce and cheese... anyone? Fire me irl m8. Sauce all the motherfucking way.
I really do appreciate these kind of simple building instructions for redstone mechanisms My Block-Swapper with Lamp Display
Post of the day. Show me on this practice dummy where the white belt touched you
"Ed Helms Same guy, can't remember his name. Thanks Cap'n"
Way to put the punchline in the title also... Talk shit... Get sacked 7 times
"Most people don't know this or they ignore it because they want to hate on GM and Chrysler. Yeah, the banks failing caused GM and Chrysler to have to declare bankruptcy, because they couldn't borrow money. Ford, on the other hand, had taken out a huge loan before the bank crash."
Like artificially inflating your downloads and podcast reach to sell man purses? I also don't see the point of artificially inflating your patreon numbers if you aren't going for advertisers.
I concede the point The re-imagining of rape such that any amount of alcohol in her system makes a man a default rapist (even if he's equally/more drunk) is a men's rights issue. This demonstrates that that new definition is done deliberately to harm men as it is not universally applied. So this is a men's rights issue.
Should've resembled granny smith. Because even IE should have at least one icon that doesn't make fun of it.
Hellfire missiles will do. I like this a lot. Can we add a laser to zap squirrels before the fuckers dig holes?
"Not sure but even analog users think my second hand vapor is dangerous, so the propaganda war is being won. Right up until SB140 passes. How'd that go, by the way?"
"His internet is sideways? So my friend sent me this screenshot, I'm crying now"
American. What nationality is bronte?
Condolences to you and your family. My dad died recently and one of my relatives sent me a sympathy card and a box of 27 Godiva chocolates. I've also changed jobs and have plenty of time for food breaks as well as a plethora of vending machines. I have gained probably 6 lbs. But I'm working on taking it back off again.
"After she heals in the hospital she'll have to return to the same home. I know you're scared, but you have to look out for yourself. It's obvious that your mother won't, so you need to be your own advocate. You have to call the police. If you need to take the phone in the bathroom and lock yourself in, do it. Then just stay in there until the police show up. They will make sure you get medical attention, and if you are a minor, it will be your mother's responsibility to pay the bills, not yours. So, go in the bathroom, lock the door, call 911, and stay on the line with the operator until the police show up. Your mother does not have your best interests at heart, you HAVE to look out for yourself and not worry about how she's going to react."
"British Columbia, Canada. Where's this?"
Fucking Helena Classic Helena
"You are 100% right, hopefully Reddit forgives you. I am not sure why I am being downvoted. I stated a plain fact. I am not suggesting that religious liberty is on par with climate change, or is more or less important. In fact, I personally care about climate change and I don't think religious liberty is in any kind of serious threat. I was only stating what topics are not brought up in what debates."
This is how civilized nations accommodate air space intrusions. Russia occasionally breaches Israeli air space
"It wasn't the patrons creating the shit storm... For the most part it was just ""haters"" (people that want to be upset about something). I'm not saying I have a problem with what they do with the money. I'm just saying patrons started a shitstorm when they went on the rafting thing and barely had any video and seemed to just take a vacation when they sell it to us as video making opportunities. Again I'm not saying this as my personal opinion I couldn't give two shits what they do with the money I just have a feeling people would be pissed."
Blu kote to prevent getting henpecked I cannot tell you what caused this. I would suggest covering the wound with petroleum jelly or a product similar to prevent insects from being attracted to it. In my experience it is not a very nerve sensitive area.
He's always been clickbait. So I guess Derek is clickbait now.
Yeah essentially Yeah so basically a week and a half late in hypeyears
No it's a drug first you just want a road then you want a fucking bridge next you'll want a fucking public Hyperloop and a transport 'grid'. Yeah but infrastructure like mass transit is a really good investment
"Damnit quick search, y u do dis to me. Talking of silly/wierd TF2 websites, can someone eplain this?"
"oh, sorry for assuming. I did not downvote you."
"Puh-lease, you only get that trite for the cartoon strips! Lol okay, if you want mainstream bs. Try Privilege Morning Telegraph for the real, unbiased news."
Can't go wrong with the Axon 7 Pick and android for my mother
"welp I appear to be retarded. sorry if that might be a shock to you, but if you censor the name in the text you copy paste here, you might also want to censor the names on the screenshot, just saying"
There was much more snark in bl2 Absolutely. Pre-Sequal was just a money grab but a very good one at that.
And white las sounds so forced... black lash has such a better ring to it That's racist. Imagine if someone called Obama winning a black lash. The left has lost their fucking minds.
Q6600 8 gigs ddr2 My uncle just got me this old ATI video card from '08. Now it's a matter of finding appropriate hardware for it so it won't bottleneck.
*rubs his head* *squints eyes* *stares* *looks around* *angrily says:* You can't tell me what to do Rick! shane doesn't get one.. shane sucks
Thats cuz its for nostalgia. fnafgyfr has breadbear in his banner
Loading screens on Mass Effect games are what commercials are to football games. Then Mass Effect 1 showed how to do elevator loading scenes the wrong way.
"I remember when I was waiting for Bleach Hell Chapter to come out in english subs (movie) it took like, maybe 4-6 months, IIRC, which I might not. How long does it usually take for an anime or foreign film to be subtitled once it is raw online? The One Piece movie, ""Film Z,"" has recently been put online without subs. But I still haven't seen anyone subtitle it so English viewers can understand it. Is there a reason it hasn't happened yet? I didn't expect making subtitles to take very long."
14x1000lb on the Lancaster Whats Britains best bomb load?
touche He never said hot.
"I know, right :D Browsing random shit at very late night made me miss the post date Wow, that's a random response. Posted that 3 months ago. lol. But yeah, I'd love to have concrete flooring with a heated base. Ooo..."
The exposed boob ain't so bad either. freckles are so damn sexy
"RG3 will think that, but it won't be true. Agreed, but they probably think Romo gets inured by week 6, then RG3 probably thinks he will play well enough to keep the job when Romo gets healthy. I'm just assuming here."
When everybody is looking for a government handout... Montreal cop points smoke grenade launcher point black at protester who is protesting education cuts. Cop is wearing stickers protesting cuts to his pension.
"Awww name tag, the stupidity of mine."
Last panel wasn't necessary My friends the Super Mutants
Expect a lot of collateral damage. US Begins Drone Campaign Targeting IS Leaders
"Will other people hear this or will it just be in my head? In this scenario you have to choose between... ... Having any 5 second clip of your favorite DGD song play aloud when you walk in or out of any doorway, OR having Tim Feerick drop a Seinfeld style bass-line before every interaction you have... Which do you choose?"
"This is amazing. I also had some fun with a .bat file. I forget the specifics but i disabled the setting on windows xp that disabled using command prompt to send messages in the form of an ""ok"" box. Used batch files to spam my friends computers in the lab and cause them to freeze up. Well it turns out the lunch line computers were running windows NT where that wasnt natively disabled. TL;DR thought i was spamming my buddies, crashed the lunch line computers and delayed lunch period 30 minutes."
"not that it detracts from your main point or anything, but Coretta Scott King died nearly a decade ago. difference is MLK is recent history. There's film reel of him speaking, there's confirmed correspondance he made, hell, his widow, Coretta Scott-King is still alive and politically active. Of course, that hasn't stoppd anyone. MLK said ""riot is the language of the unheard"" and that he ""can't condemn people who riot without condemning the system that makes them feel only violent resistance is possible"" yet major news outlets reported on the anti-polie demonstrations of last year as ""forgetting MLK's legacy""."
That's sure to change his mind! Politician who was pushing legislation that would combat swatting gets swatted
It's a fluff ball! My pup's baby picture
My sister has had two internships and is still having trouble finding a job. everyone on reddit always complains about how they cannot get jobs when they graduate from college... are there not any available internment programs? its a great way to get your foot in the door of a major company before you even graduate from your major. what is everyone majoring in anyway? i don't know anyone who has had trouble getting a job after college except those who major in environmental biology without taking internment programs or proceeding to go to graduate school... jobs dont come to you lmao
"Nah, we're not that involved with that kind of stuff. Do the Baddies have their own website? Or member list? Alt list?"
"I met her once and disagree with every part of that statement. In real life she's not very attractive, physically or personality wise."
"You know, it's what you measure your coil in... Or a popular character on the BBC - not sure. I kept looking at the window wondering what the fuck ""HOOMS"" are."
"Ive literally never had that happen. just another gripe about alphabay moderation as a seller Im noticing most disputes are going automatically to the buyer without the seller or buyer being contacted, in fact based on no info at all. Im not to worried because I sell mostly FE these days but seriously this is not a professional way to run a market place."
Count me in! $100 Steam Gift Card Giveaway
"Also, didn't he die off af an aneurysm not many years later? I dunno about that one. I mean, the only reason Pete was in the Beatles to begin with is because he was the only of of Paul's friends that owned a drum set, so it's not as if he made the group. I don't think the Beatles would have been as successful as they were if any of the fab four had been different."
Indonesia is such a hot head HUEEHUEHUEUHEHEUH Poland Asks Questions (PAQ) - Why Indonezja Wears Hat?
"Cotija, fresco sucks on corn. Probably chili mayo and queso fresco."
The way that each episode is carrying over to the next and it is extremely relevant is amazing. I am Lorde
Was talking about deepak shirole Milind deora is in congress
make like greg and leave your family I just remembered today was thursday I made plans for tonight but that means I'm gonna miss the new episode. Should I just watch it tomorrow or cut all ties with friends and family to completely engross my life into this show because I'm feeling option 2
0 would be equal to ab + (+-a(-b)) with this rule set. 0=a*b-a*b=c+c=2c? Thats really what you want?
"Little known scientific fact, brought to you by the Texas Public Education System: humans taste like eucalyptus. Yep, everything in Australia is trying to kill you"
LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA I'M NOT LISTENING! How and when did you find out Santa Claus doesn't exist?
I'd be down for the Wings and Whiteboy show SHOTS FIRED
Superman would disagree with that. Characters stay dead in the DCU but not in the MCU?
Yeah I think he's more likely to go to Milan or Chelsea I just don't see why Conte would go to Roma.
"And present at conferences, symposia, etc., where they teach others to do the same. and win awards...."
People have been saying that since time immemorial. People have been saying that since the 80s
What TV? My TV has this built in. Only tough thing was to figure out how to connect PC to TV.
Happy wedding cakeday! On Reddit. That was 4 years ago and we celebrated our first wedding anniversary yesterday.
Argument ad populum. *One Magical Lesbian*
Because it's like you said: she's not concerned about anyone's needs but hers. I can't believe I have to clarify the stomach flu to this woman. She's far from stupid. I don't understand why she'd gloss over that even for Nana's sake.
"Mission accomplished. ""Fool me once...shame on you...ya fool me, ya can't get fooled again!"""
Not enough Nepu Nepu in this thread. Obligatory Pudding
"Thanks! You're an inspiration, babe! This random internet stranger is super proud of you."
I didn't ;) Why did you down vote me? :v
What are the specs? Helped my mom and sister ascend.
"Please, no moor. We're trying to keep the puns at bay here. But whatever floats your boat, man."
I have read the manga
"Don't your profs upload the slides or something like that? It also doesn't work for every subject. A lot of my history classes are essentially lecture only. So if you don't have the notes from lecture, you're shit out of luck."
Maah chandrakanta. TIL Shikha Swaroop(Chandrakanta) won the All India Pistol Shooting Championship in 1988 along with the Miss India crown and played badminton at the national level.
I'm sure he was quite amazed with your new-fangled gadgetry that can do all kinds of extraordinary wonders. I ran into Bernie Ecclestone today LOL!
"Hollywood will release a few more movies and documentaries on the Nazis to get our minds right. Israel Requests 50% Increase in U.S. Military Aid, Up to $4.5B"
"Complaining won't help, tickets are only valid if stamped. Fahrpreisnacherhebung question Hi guys, nearly 2 weeks ago i was in S-Bahn with a friend but i forgot to stamp my ticket. When control came they gave us both a fine os 120EUR. We wrote a complain letter to db-bahn but i didnt get any reply yet. today is 15'th or 16'th day after the fine, so i decided to pay the fines even without receiving the reply from db-bahn, but when i went at ostbahnof office, they told me that i was late and cannot pay it there. now im very worried what will happen and i just want to pay the damn fine whatever the price is. any ideas... thanks."
"""Shit's hapenning let's just not do anything and ignore it LALALALALA CAT PICTURES CANT HEAR YA"" Nice thinking bro Just back up and go look at some cat pics. That is why the police state is happening and will continue to grow."
Embrace your awkwardness. How can I be less socially awkward?
Is trap tranny rap? Any bars/clubs do a regular 90s R&amp;B/Hip-hop night? Because rump shakin to trap sucks.
"If someone only started watching football around then, and chose to follow them because they liked that they were successful and had awesome players, why is that so bad ? 2007 city fan."
"I tried and I could not find any of the generic markers they mentioned in the study, I searched for the position they gave as well as the SNP name :( If I have the raw data from my genetic report (23andme), could I determine if I have these traits?"
"I'll just be sitting here in the White House waiting for them then, so they can kill two birds with one stone. You know they have promised to cut out the tongue of everyone who calls them this?"
"Canadian Pebble Time user, Eagerly waiting for 1.4 because this 1.3 OS is almost unusable vs Pebble. Any Canadian ZW2 got Marshmallow update? Still waiting for mine...any lucky ones?"
"Don't know what the downvotes are for, you are right. They should be executed in the same fashion"
"I have the most normal boner right now... and I downloaded her snorlax album when it was posted on here; thanks, I haven't seen some of these yet and she's still cute as fuck. She's known by many names... (x-post r/NudeSelfies)"
"""The car needs *to be* washed"" and ""the lawn needs *to be* mowed."" Pacificer here... How would you say it?"
"Not looseleaf paper, stuff like index and business cards If I don't have any filters, what can I use in place of one?"
"You even drew the TACAN stack on the H.W., I think I love you. International masterpieces of engineering"
"I don't like you now. here is my lovely gyaridos 240kg x 6,5mt of pure destruction, BTW 100% iv"
"and even by the 4th year our police force wouldn't be properly prepared No, the riots would keep intensifying every year until there was no more Vancouver left."
"Beware of Greeks trying to steal your warmth. To be fair, Finland probably isn't livable for Greeks because they're lizards. Source: I'm married to one and she's clearly ectothermic."
Some people have the best basements. Found this in my basement. Using it as my Explorer's Journal. Made of stone.
"Think you'll die before your mom? My mom lives with me, because she can't afford to live on her own. Are you insinuating that the relationship I have with my mother is similar to that of a girlfriend? Because that's silly at best."
"They think he's below them. If my boner could realistically talk back to me and hold a convo I'd like to think we'd be best friends. But sadly, he would undoubtedly hate my guts."
Van Mansveld mag van mijn part haar biezen pakken Belangen reiziger geschaad door grove fouten in Fyra-debacle
She tried to feed her family her cancer-ridden father's organs and invited an invincible tumordemon for Thanksgiving. How do the two compare? Carol is just an attention seeking nut job Tommy is a supernatural paedophil (maybe literally?) from hell
"Superbly said! Yes exactly! Also empowerment is not a ""feeling."" If something makes you ""feel"" empowered that should be a clue that it's probably not actually empowering. Empowerment is an achievement of the political work called resistance that results in tangible and meaningful improvements to *all* women's lives not just a fleeting feeling for an individual woman that could probably be better characterized by another word. Feeling confident and feeling good about yourself are desirable to a certain extent but if those feelings are chained to patriarchal conformity then they're meaningless as effects of true liberation as they just perpetuate your own subjugation. True empowerment is often anxiety inducing and can [more likely will] engender violent backlash against you thus in order to assuage that cognitive dissonance it's just easier to say that you choose and like your oppression and therefore it's empowering."
"No, the other maps should be the same chance, we don't want dust_2 again. How about House next? I get the other maps like 2 - 3 times more than House."
"This font, I can't even ... The Game Awards got a ""copyright claim"" and now there is no audio throughout the whole video, even though it's the 3rd on trending"
Clearly a fish rock... Someone tell me what rock this is?
U F
"dae old memes r better? kickin' it old school, I see!"
Harsh toke dude. Wow. Your life must be really pathetic then.
I'm guessing a Moscow Major after TI. Epicenter Moscow Day 1
This one hurts me the most. 'Guys all midd pls lets just end'
That's actually a smart funnyman name for league of legends or something RigidSlutXXX HAHA edgy flashing stamps on DeviantArt!
"You still haven't learned to read but you continue on your rude tirades. Learn not to be a shitposting homer, you troll."
The reformation in europe led to tons of violence... Islam needs a reformation just like Christianity underwent.
"Edmonton, Alberta Where is this picture?"
"I'd use the remind me bot or something (look it up, I'm not familiar on how to use it) but I'm just banking on randomly remembering this event in a few months and googling on a whim. How can I subscribe to an update on this? I'm interested now too."
"And Kerplackistan You missed Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Russia, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Armenia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Moldova, and Georgia."
"""Good teams can overcome bad calls"" Regardless of the call, you don't win football games by scoring 7 points in the 2nd half. At least that's what reddit taught me last week."
Interesting username you got there. I feel like I should get hazard pay for watching that trash. The Cavs didn't look especially good (for the reasons you mentioned) but they outplayed the Rockets in every conceivable aspect. Rockets just fold up so hard whenever things don't go their way.
"I just watched boat trip and it was more enduring the second time around. Gay movies that don't suck? Aside from *Weekend*, *Shelter*, and *Happy Together*?"
"That bit of skill from Coutinho was amazing, just enough to make enough room for himself to shoot. Cech save vs Coutinho"
"Don't hate, some of us play for the love of the game :'( How does he play so much and still be so awful?"
Is he all frowny faced cause they shot the poor wannabe-murderer? Tim Kaine blames 'senseless act of gun violence' at Ohio State -- police say no gun was involved -- media joined-in to blame Ohio's gun laws
"""We're gonna build a false wall to keep these wires out, and we're gonna Make them pay for it!"" Pah. See, back in my day, we didn't have these FALSE walls. We had honest, all-American, God-fearing, hard-working, beer-drinking, American, truck-driving, HONEST walls. But now with the immigration and Jimmy Carter running his yapper, we got these false walls taking the jobs of those honest, family walls. Build an honest wall and we'll keep these false walls out. OBAMA!"
how hard u think about that? rape xD
"A country that's on the verge of leaving the EU wants to ask the EU to block Russia from SWIFT so that Russia-EU trade would suffer not to mention any retaliatory sanctions that this move would bring... Yeah, how about we don't let ""potentially exiting in the near future"" countries decide EU policies? U.K. Wants EU to Block Russia From SWIFT Banking Network"
"link to the ama? Extra bonus, the winning fighter is a redditor and did an AMA after that video went viral."
"Oohhhh... thanks, I'm dumb. Oh say can you see by the dawn'early light ... Start of US national anthem sung before the game"
"I've heard some negative feedback about it but I didn't figure the story would be amazing in the first place. You better wait. There is a big ""Wow!"" factor but it quickly vanishes."
Meth is a strong drug Why would anyone do this?
I need to vomit now. Trolls Official Trailer #2
"Mind = Blown No, you simply pay for it via other hidden taxes and fees."
"And Africa, the Middle East, and Southwest Asia. Sort of... They usually primarily take place in Europe"
Maybe the protests didn't hit the required size to be attacked electronically? Did anyone detect IMSI catchers at protests? Did anyone using IMSI-cather detectors pick up any fake cell towers at protests? Did anyone try to find these things?
My friend said he was really disappointing there I saw him at Osheaga this past weekend. I really enjoyed him.
"And yet, very much like what Hitler did in Germany... Even if he's joking, that's an affront to our entire country"
"In truth, it's more like ""Guilty until proven rich."" Exactly, the word of the officer is no longer credible, which only reinforces ""innocent until proven guilty."" Of course, many people think it's the other way around."
Oh dear... how does reddit even function without imgur? :( i can't see imgur at work
Libertarianism is a modest philosophy after all At least we didn't talk about dick size.
It's very easy to find shitty people on twitter. Tons of Pirates fans commented at her twitter talking shit and making fun of her. That's pretty low.
"Can we get a new cold war, trains race? Russian government to spend up to $46.7 billion on revamping Siberian railways"
"I don't because I spend too much r/Airsoft how do you keep track of your spending? I use a google spreadsheet and a notebook with receipts for it. I've spent quite a bit since I got into the sport. It helps keep me focused on what I want and need instead of impulse buys. Not to say I don't make them, just most of what I have are planned buys."
"He said f2p MMO, he didn't mention anything about not paying an initial price for the game. Except its not free"
"As an atheist immigrant to Sweden, you're equally xenophobic with all of us independent of race or religion... Does building it beneficial to you and then setting it on fire count? If it does then Sweden wins the prize."
Master of Puppets? Kill 'em All and Ride the Lightning are two of the best things ever to happen to metal..
Please someone photoshop Barbera into this guys face. Erdogan learning about the Streisand Effect
"North Korea has a habit of Orwelling its allies out of its history, so that everything can be attributed to the glorious Kims. Isn't this a large part of why North Korea is still a thing and the war stalemated. China drew up a line and said ""come past that and this means war"""
Nah Possible Dark Zone Suggestion
"Realistically, even if we did fill all the available edges and he opened more, no one else is going to back it. I think he can yes, the trick would be to do it quickly enough before he realizes and then pledge no more."
I fell in love with all of them. Female sprinters are the sexiest thing in the universe.
"They're probably overthinking it because they think it's some sort of trick question, that the most obvious answer wouldn't be correct. I think there must be some sort of mental ""block"" or something involved, because there are way too many people who seem to not understand this."
and none of it is conected to being social It's a different story when you're a guy...
"How can he find the time between all of the TV appearances? The White House receives over 60,000 letters to the President every day. A new video from the White House briefly shows the process of selecting the ten of them that the President reads, three or four of which he writes responses to, every day."
"Why not buy from the Microsoft store? Exclusive to Microsoft Store? Guess I'll pirate it then. Thanks, Microsoft! For making the game free."
Forg1ven is easily 1. Best players in EU LCS for 2016 in my opinion Now that we know all the teams for 2016 LCS spring split i've decided to do best players for all roles . Remember this is MY opinion if you don't like it tell me what you would change in the comments :) Top laners: 1. Huni 2. Soaz 3. Cabochard 4. Odoamne 5. Werlyb 6. Vizicsacsi 7. Steve 8. SmittyJ 9. Wunderwear 10. Jwaow Junglers: 1. Reignover 2. Amazing 3. Jankos 4. Loulex 5. Kikis 6. Diamond 7. Dexter 8. H0R0 9. Fr3deric 10. Obvious Mid laners: 1. Febiven 2. Froggen 3. Ryu 4. xPeke 5. PowerOfEvil 6. Pepinero 7. Nukeduck 8. Betsy 9. Sencux 10. PerkZ ADC : 1. Rekkles 2. Niels 3. Hjarnan 4. Forg1ven (if he keeps playing) 5. Adryh 6. Jesiz 7. Tabzz 8. MrRallez 9. Vardags 10. Kobbe Supports: 1. Mithy 2. Yellowstar 3. Kasing 4. Hylissang 5. Godfred 6. Nisbeth 7. Gosu Pepper 8. Nyph 9. Hybrid 10. Vander
"Twist - goldfish can live 50 years. My niece always wins Betta's from her school for doing this or that - and they always go in the same tiny ass bowl only to die about 2 weeks later. I feel kinda bad. Though, she did have a goldfish from school that lived for about 2 years, which is longer than I was ever able to keep a fish alive."
I haven attended any LAN party :( The biggest LAN party I attended was with a total of 3 people :(
Sleep tight pupper me irl
"R9 290 here and it runs fine for me. For anyone on pc with an AMD card, is this game broken? the game crashes on startup and never boots,no matter how many times i have tried different drivers,re downloads and even windows installs.It started yesterday and before that the game worked perfectly fine and now it doesnt.Every other game in library works just as fine as before. PLS FIX TREYARCH"
Right on! I own all the Chromeo CD's actually they are amazing! Thanks for the suggestions.
"If anyone is willing to set this up i will sticky the events to make them official. Reddit Fighting Championship Can we please have a fully functional online league on here? With champions, contenderships, and records! A totally organized fight league. Anyone interested?"
"I wonder if this bloke realizes that his country's neighbor, New Zealand, also has not experienced mass shootings and high violent crime WITHOUT the same draconian gun laws? Jim Jefferies offers a comedic look at the gun laws in the United States"
"a scanner darkly ME TOO! It makes me feel like a cocaine addict - I can't stop itching all over. It is like the inside of your body is itchy, its awful."
Way to not put my appointment in my agenda Way to mention their agenda.
"Holy fuck, you are so god damn stupid. that describes the ying and yang symbol a side of black with a white dot and side of white with a black dot."
"Well, to me, ""fight the good fight"" has the semantic baggage of the implication that you don't really expect to win, something that might be said by a lifestyle-activist who participates in lost cause activism merely as a feel-good part of their identity and not really to accomplish much. True, but I think that attacking Hillary supporters in comment sections is off topic and unproductive. And as far as I'm aware, ""the good fight"" is simply this fight being made with integrity."
Wow. Good god you're a fucktard.
inviting you now Poetic-ill 385 titan
Too bad for this suggestion SB49 would be a very Seattle heavy crowd. Me too! Maybe in the SB?
Who? I can hook you up with a caper that is legit. He even capes youtubers (and those youtubers can vouche ofc)
"I think the whole uncertainty of what may happen in the case of an exit may still be enough to tilt the result in favour of staying. I hope that you do have some silent pro-EU majority stacked somewhere, like you had those anti-independence voters in Scotland."
I didnt agree with the 2nd one... but damn 3 minutes and 2 fouls already 2nd on Hammons is huge.
What do the colors represent? Simulation of two planets colliding
Just a regular flick I've seen a thousand flicks in my time. The way the gun just snapped towards the soldier's head looked really weird. Try watching it in 0.25. It literally just snaps to the guy's head
"40,000 before 2018 What is your ""I told you so"" price? When are you going to gloat uncontrollably about the success or failure of bitcoin? I know you're all waiting to message every noob who ever doubted your highly informed opinion and rub it in their face. What's that price point? When do you think you have ""won"" and the debate between the failure or success of bitcoin will be settled?"
He had to make sure other people could *sea* that he wasn't *lion* about the encounter. dude was just trying to take a sealfie
"Cuz Marcus Smart is trash How come when teams don't guard Marcus Smart from the 3pt line, it goes bad. But when the Celtics play the same D, it goes in."
Whats not? What about it?
Nah just the ones who out their fingers in their ears and ignore the problems yelling were the best. people are fucking stupid*
"I wonder what the point of seeing ultraviolet light would be. TIL All humans have the ability to see ultraviolet light, but it is passively filtered out by the eye's lens. People who undergo surgery to remove the lens can detect ultraviolet light."
ITT: A stomach-churning amount of misogyny... Waitress upset over 'Best Butt' award from Employer
"nah i get the ""Look at me the wrong way and I'm gonna oneshot you bro-mage"" vipe from him If they made him as a supp im gonna be tilted forevaaa"
"I'm sure she does, nudge nudge, wink wink! ""well at least I know what it feels like now"""
"He'll be home soon to blow off some steam with an R-rated movie. No, he's still at the Business Factory"
"Yes educate me I'm dumb please Educate them then, it will benefit everyone."
"I've felt a lot of things playing video games, but I can say with 100% certainty that sexy wasn't one of them. Study reveals why people feel sexy when they play violent video games"
"My favorite so far has got to be ""is that ibuypower?"" So cringeworthy"
"It would seem your English teacher was ignorant herself, since ""intentional ignorance"" would become ""stupidity"" or ""passive aggression"". One of my English teachers WAY back in high school told our class that it meant to know something but to choose to ignore it. ""Little Bobby continued to chew his food with his mouth open, out of ignorance, after he was told it was rude."""
Sorry you died in a block on practice?... Staff Look at this fucking picture because no fucking staff don't want to help no one but Stimpy
Glad it worked for you Solution Verified
The french and american revolution What one event has changed civilisation more than any other?
I bet the driver was shocked when it broke Bottom of a strut
"Wait, is this post a joke? mike, 17 Australia from Omegle I don't know anything else about you but its chloe and my connection broke up I tried to find you for hours after but I couldn't im not giving up hope we cross paths again sometime...i'm sorry how it ended:( I really like you...."
"####The white, adhering fanatically to his barbaric religions of conservatism, capitalism, and Christianity, is in dire need of civilizing. ""As a youth who lives in a very predominantly white area, I've grown racist as of late."""
"Mom! There is actually a similar (at least in the beginning) episode of Black Mirror. A guy needs money so he joins a medical experiment where they implant a chip into the back of his neck that reads into his deepest fears, which then play out in a virtual reality video game that the company is testing. It's creepy as all get out."
"I meant I didn't attempt to explain it well, it is quite relevant. well, i think it's relevant. the description of the great red dragon in revelation has at least a passing resemblance to lotan in ugarit; unlike the serpent in genesis, they both have seven heads."
wait another 4 months buddy College just isn't challenging enough
Should have at least 107 dribbling. Made a Ronaldinho Legend Card for the future. Do you guys disagree with any of the stats? Let me know what you think! (Sorry it isn't the best)
GOT EM You sure proved him wrong!
No juice forever! Dad cracks up while scolding kids for making a huge mess with paint.
Can you do average guys of different races/ethnicities please? You All Liked my first Tinder Experiment so here is Part Two! Average Guy vs Instagram Model
No Can precision throwing knife hits be a one-shot kill if you have Incendiary Blade on?
thank mr skeltal *doot doot* plot twist: the skeleman was inside you the entire time
He meant more along the lines of naming one pro COD gamer that is out there not just people that play under envy. nadeshot has been with optic for a while hasn't he?
"They made / contributed to several releases this decade (Dota 2), but you're right they probably dont have anything to show. please name at least one new game they released or started developing in this decade they simply have nothing to show lol"
"good thing they nerfed the tinker, void is so balanced right now 0-51"
Golden Tate! **G** - OLDEN **S** - TATE **W** - AKES UP FROM THE DEAD
Did you respond to the wrong comment? Every bundle is 10K
I want one. That sign is amazing :D
crowdsourcing at its finest. supercell didnt include an image for new hero so the community would do the work You're all unpaid interns and you don't even know it
"uhm, read the title? That nose That jaw All too fat"
How can you say that after having seen Arkarium? and the cutest
"Oligarchy v Democracy, more like it. Capitalism v Socialism. Hard work v Handouts"
"Cat was given coffee, vodka and a smoke - Is recovering wonderfully. Is there a follow-up on the cat's health?"
"Why would the Irish be there? Some of you Irish fucks better be there to serenade him like you did Holly, also ask him about fighting Fedor 3 times, giga giant Semmy Schilt, Bob Sapp destroying his neck"
"Because ever since WoTC took over the official policy has always been ""We only support the current edition?"" Why not support both, though? If you're really going to charge a subscription fee then you need to actually update your product."
"This is a completely unrelated comment, but please tell me your username is a reference to Murdock from the A-team. I used to print shirts on the side. To be honest, even at this quality it likely wouldn't be super high quality by any means. It's definitely decent looking though, just manage your expectations OP!"
"what the hell was this chat though, why do you pitchfork Mh for no reason after KZ gets WR Grand Theft Auto: Vice City any% in 54:13 by KZ_FREW"
"At a minimum, it would have contained sine of the things that are common between Matthew and Luke, but that those two do not hold in common with Mark, along with some things that are common to all stories about Jesus, like John's Baptism of Jesus, the crucifixion, and the resurrection. Do we have any idea what Document Q likely contained?"
"Don't give up, skeleton! I can't beat the fucking tutorial boss in Dark Souls 3. Do I have any point in trying?"
"The irony is that it is the most mentally screwed people of all that want to deny mental issues are a thing. Luckily, my father has never refused to pay for medicine when I was a minor. But I feel your pain about the ""you're making up your illness/need for medicine"" comment. My dad has repeatedly told me that ""I only have problems and need medicine because I think I do,"" and my mom is trying to get me to stop taking my meds by saying that my drug-riddled urine must be polluting the environment. As for your father, I would contact your doctor about it or the police. This is definitely neglect, especially if there is a medical need and no other options available."
The players not RPing are: Marth Barrizzle the Bamdiggler Biggus Dickus Non-RP Players/Abusive Players Barrizzle the Bamdiggler and co are on the server spouting shit and camping the castle. Admittedly there is nothing wrong with camping the castle because you can but the homophobia and general trash talking is exactly what most of us were here to avoid. These people need to be banned please.
"If Florida goes blue this year, I might forgive them for 2000. Both of my grand mothers were also born before suffrage. It took too long, and people don't want to admit to the history we are making, but we are making history. BTW: According to a new poll, 27% of Republicans in FL who have voted, voted for Clinton."
Grafschaft Bentheim Niedersachsen
"Well, you know what they say, ""Akuma Matata."" Yep. Everyone forgets the Akuma, just because their book came towards the end of 2e"
"can into mod now? This is an edited version; in the original it *was* the Reichtangle. He made a new version where he replaced it with a regular countryball, but we both missed that the reference to the Reichtangle was still left in. But you are correct in principle; even as the Reichtangle, its name is ""Germany"" and nothing else."
"cable TV. Besides gold plated HDMI cables, what is the most overpriced product you've ever seen?"
"If they didn't shut down the 'SAMP' project... Ideas for animals and hunting in GTA:O Animals of various types spawn in appropriate locations. Some of them attack and some of them flee. You buy a license at AmmoNation. If you don't have an active license then killing an animal results in rangers and game wardens getting after you with a star rating, exactly the same way as killing AIs. Pelts can be worth money depending on the rarity of the animal. And many of them, instead of attacking you, will run from you if you don't use stealth and perhaps have some sort of hunting gear on (also sold at AmmoNation). Many missions ideas could revolve around this such as claiming a prized pelt, killing a certain troublesome beast, rescuing someone from an animal attack, shutting down poachers, etc... The groundwork for all of this is in place within the RAGE engine. It seems like an obvious idea."
Basic since he's a basic bitch Chemistry style for sanches I play a 4-3-2-1 sanches in the middle as the defensive mid. I have modric and rakitic at either side of him. Was just wondering what chem style would be best
Unless he needs to drive to DC? You don't need one if you get there before 8
"He didn't 'get killed', he was murdered in cold blood, plain and simple. Bangladesh blogger Niloy Neel hacked to death, 4th blogger to get killed in recent months."
Wasn't he in tna for a while? Yea Goldust has been working in relative obscurity in the company for pretty much his entire 25+ year career.
"A sword. If wearing a sword in public came back into fashion (and was also legal), what would you carry?"
"There some problem with being white? 66% of Seattle Residents are White: Higher Even than Wichita, Kan., and Minneapolis"
We can't read anything on your blurry photo Subliminal message found?
1v1 me m8 Dont play runescape ur in college now kid
"Find a way to remove Addictions from the Paradise game code so your super soldier is not addicted to the sleep toxin you used on him during surgery. A little help on Paradise If you have played on Paradise recently then you might know about project Ubersoldat. I, Dr. Jonathan Crane, attempt to make a super - Soldier with the entirety of science department. The general process is replacing all limbs with robotic ones, equipping with the best gear R&amp;D can mame, genetically enhancing the subject if genetics has anything good, and giving them stimpacks of tricord and hyperzine. Now I just want to know if anyone has any ideas to improve project Ubersoldat, toss them in the comments below."
Josh Wise mention @ 20 minutes. Did you miss the Talladega Qualifying? You can check it here.
And the article yesterday revealed from which floor he jumped from. Idiot newspaper just exposed the family's address.
Is it really cosplay if it just looks like something someone would wear normally? Firefly Kaylee cosplay
"Thank you. It's part show, part him IRL. He expects a lot from these people as they are competing to work among some of the most high caliber chefs in the world. At the same time, it's a TV show and you know the producers want some intense drama, so he plays it a bit bigger than it is. What they don't show is the teaching and intense passion behind the scenes that he has for his craft. If you watch any of his other shows or the UK versions of his shows, he's way more calm. I just got done binge watching youtube videos and shows of his today actually and all around he seems like a really nice guy who's passionate about what he does and expects out of people what they claim to put forward aka the contestants competing on this show."
"It is easier to for them to spin into a conspiracy because that hard evidence cannot be revealed to the public. Confirmed threat from CIA and FBI with hard evidence to back it up: LIBRUL CONSPIRACY THEORY Random right wing blogs that claim Michelle Obama is a man: ""hey we should really take this seriously because the liberal media certainly won't look into it"""
"X-Files. People of Reddit, what is a TV show you recommend to everyone?"
Dank references bros. Just give home some kisses.
"Doubt he's fit cardio wise, also hes not exactly a small target Am I the only one who thinks he would be useless?"
"Where is this camshow? stuffed this nylon thong live on cam tonight! Still damp, who wants it?"
We have a man who is indeed going the places he travels. I just looked up from my laptop screen to see my TV screen.
"If I don't see a ""show on one page"" option, I close the tab immediately There's a whole slew of new sites now that make the slideshow experience even worse. Like, now when you click ""next"" it just goes shows you the next couple sentences describing the same item in the list, so now it's like 24-36 clicks for a 12 slide show. The second I see a site like that now, I just instantly leave, no matter how much I'm interested in it. Fuck that type of internet."
oh She's a yes.
And it also looks like this season will be done using SFM so production on it is going to be way better than before. It's a machinima series that lasted 2 seasons around 5 years ago and is now has a 3rd season in the works.
"Pretty much anybody who is falling in line by using approved vocabulary like ""alpha"", is self-identifying as a beta. Calling yourself alpha is not very alpha.."
Do it way back. How do you make someone ancient?
"I think everyone did... Yeah they finished pretty similarly this split. CLG took 5th or 6th place (there isn't a deciding game, but w/e) and EL was 7th. I expect a lot more from each team next split."
It's beatiful! It's Pausey and the Beef.
"To be fair, there were far more entries for ""how to ask your boyfriend,"" than there were the opposite. I actually did my fucking research."
"BRB, calling to win a new ipod. They tracked down the unknown person who made a 911 calls 4000 times in a week"
Added Just one more to add: SB - Scott Bloedorn
"HURR NO GTA V LOLOLOL Wut. I knew it looked bad, but does it seriously look like this? Glad I sold my Xbox."
"The joke is that the iPhone 7 doesn't have an audio jack. It is for me. Performance is actually worse on my iPhone 7 compared to the 6, unbelievably. Shooting a lot of XMP in a crowded spot nearly made the game unplayable. Have the audio issues others have pointed out, both on 6 and 7."
infection in 5... I think you may have over done it...
Tim Sherwood Who should be the new manger at Chelsea?
Fuck the Saints He *really* wants to say something about the Saints.
"If they let Kaep do his gazelle shit, then him. Now that Frank Gore is gone, I'm not sure. Maybe Colin Kaepernick. Maybe Anquan Boldin? Used to hate playing Darnell Dockett, so maybe him?"
Building steel. What would be the most disastrous if replaced with silly string?
"Just remember, a face can't get pregnant. this is very reassuring :)"
"The healing is lower unless you're very low health, then it's the same as live. Which changes are you referring to? The ones I've read were one extra second on her cougar abilities, and her heal scaling off of missing health. That doesn't seem too bad, since the healing from missing health will help in the first clear and probably neutralise the increased cougar ability cooldowns impacts."
But for the other 99% of divorces between people who aren't part of the 1% it makes much more sense. $400 million makes no god damn sense
"FSA isn't a unified group, many of them are allied with ISIS/al-Nusra and the rest fights ISIS This is too fucking juicy. After all the people screaming about the US arming the FSA, their hero turns around and does the same thing?! No wonder this has only 50 comments in 3 hours. All the people who would be bashing the US doing this don't know what to do and are seizing out."
"How... how is wearing a scarf with images of the inside of someones vagina ""fighting the patriarchy""? Well then...."
At risk of looking like a knob -what is the joke for those of us who don't get it... The Joke Your head
RIP Eminem. Gone but not forgotten
"""All I'm saying is that I could offer up my loyal soldiers and closest friends as sacrifices for a demonic blood-orgy, and people would still vote for me."" If Berserk was the 2016 Elections"
"Oki doki Hello, I currently live in Orange County. I will message you."
"And I should probably refrain from using such condescending language in the future. NP, perhaps I could have phrased my statement more clearly."
Took ya two days to come up with that? Eat my cock.
and for the old school peeps not 'with it': Lurch from the Addam's Family ... JHow looks like a Titan from Attack on Titan but he's a good caster &lt;3&lt;3&lt;3
[citation needed] You are making tons of claims and generalizations with very little evidence. return on investment? Physical strength bears little effect on your life anymore. Unless you're a man in which case it works against you
"It's not surprising to me, chokers are excellent at defining a neckline. Wait, chokers are making a comeback? Ohhh man, my inner 90's teenager is gonna be so excited."
please crop that shit next time Sorry you may have to zoom in :/
Man I'm still waiting on Ultimate Alliance 3... When everything was getting an hd-remake they should have done this one too
lol Spoken like someone who has never been harmed by speech...? Any legal scholar in the world will tell you what you just said is not the case dude
"Except for, you know hunting. Responsible gun owners don't point guns at defenseless animals."
Me. WHO DO I BELIEVE
papa bless \\//\
idk Anyone not making a map Am I literally the only one?
Obviously cashing in on all of the school shootings This social media book got the Like symbol wrong
"I am, I just told op. Neither does half the shit that's posted here, deal with it."
"If youre not playing with anyone on xbox id highly recommend it, just because of how good the experience is with friends. I just bought Destiny about a month ago on Xbox, but I'm considering buying a PS4 on Black Friday just to play with a friend who has the PS4 version."
"Fuck, I can't unhear it now. That smack after every fukcing sentence"
"It does work with them, as long as they are not Visa/Amex gift cards of Target gift cards. Redcard doesn't work with prepaid cards IIRC"
"They said that in the poll changes that they would like to do would be : -Remove the website poll.Now this opens up them doing stuff like * Game can check stuff other then your total level such as quests that you 've done ,total hours played etc.. * You can vote abstained if you don't care about the question but you want to vote about others * You can change your vote This is all going to be discussed with players and polled in the future What's the new passing threshold? What are the new voting requirements?"
"No, if we just look at Roman Numerals: M = 1000 MM = 2000 (not 1000*1000) You mixed rules. 200 * 1000 * 1000 = 200,000,000"
"He knows when you've been toking, so toke for goodness sake He knows...."
"And... 2nd intermission wasn't much better. Who booked the music for the winter classic? Because I want to slap the shit out of them. This Nate Ruess twat just made me throw up in my mouth. When we had the game at Fenway, they got the Dropkick Murphys. Now we get this shit? Do they think the Bruins fanbase is a bunch of 12 year old girls? Seriously?"
Thad the Impaler I feel there is serious potential here for a pornstar name.
"Rape... fucking these morons wouldn't know what rape was if it slaped them with a giant walrus. ""Vaccination of our children is in many ways similar to medical rape."" I'm at a loss for words."
anyone else notice marner said he played CoD (Call of Duty) the night prior but the subtitles had the word cards instead? Matt Martin grilling Marner during breakfast
"Scene was removed, only available in extended version. They did in the movie Now You See Me. ^just ^sayin"
"Good 'ole Jo Ans, we'll never forget how you earned that gold star and neither will she. I found Alec Baldwin's doppelganger from the 1940's at my local Elk's lodge."
"Source for the first one ? They are planning to remove promotion series for divitions you have alrdy unlocked, they wont release this until the next preseason / season. They also want to delete a game if noone reconnect on X minutes, but I think they're having problem with techincal issues, or a way to prevent abuse. If they figure something out, I belive this will also get into preseason / next season. TIP: read on post from riot, and read on forums"
Jersey This was the biggest turnoff for me. Steve does not have the talent or the voice to be on air regularly. Where the fuck does he get this arrogance from?
"These are really great ideas, thank you! If you make this part of your lifestyle I've found it's the best: Keep all your pictures loaded into the same place. In November, spend 5 hours picking out the pictures in linear order from last November. Upload these to a photobook (the small ones are cheap, as are calendars). Spend 3 hours writing a story accompanying the pictures which includes funny little moments from all of your friends. Gift to absolutely everyone. Another thing I do is go to zazzle and make a funny insider joke t-shirt, get a bulk order for everyone and gift everyone a custom t-shirt."
"What if they were black/hispanic? Always, because I'm such a nice guy."
"I did for a couple of years (still keep my calendar in icloud) but in that time it didn't improve at all so I went back to gmail. Any use iCloud email as their main provider? Curious about this? To me the iCloud web email is slow and clunky, Does anyone use this as their main provider?"
The chemical connections in our brain that define who we are breaks down and we cease to exist. What are your personal beliefs about what happens to us when we pass away?
Sure Add me please? I've been looking for a dusclops here for forever!
"The Book of Mormon is interesting but a pretty obvious fraud, at least from the perspective of 99.7% of the world. Again with the keystone lesson. I don't know how I'll make it through Sunday School this year. The lucky among you may not know that this year's Sunday School course is Book of Mormon. I've been dreading it and if this week's lesson is any indicator, my fears have been well founded. Let me enumerate the things I wished I could have said during class. * Joseph was an unlearned boy when he wrote the book. Actually, he was 23 years old and was known for weaving tall tales. * The testimonies of the 3 and 8 witnesses are unimpeachable documents. Except they were all ""signed"" by Oliver Cowdery. * None of the witnesses ever recanted their testimonies of the BoM. Well ok, but if we take David Whitmer at his word, why ignore his statements that the plates were seen in a spiritual eye and that the priesthood restoration never happened? * The first vision. Oh you only know about the one version? How quaint. * Nobody has ever produced a document like the BoM in the last 180 years since its publication. Clearly this commenter has not read much in the way of religious documents. Try The Urantia Book, for one. This is going to be a long year..."
"""I hate you, Kenny."" That some people are going to dislike me, no matter what I've done or how nice I'll be"
"I find it hard to believe that happened unless you did not pre heat the oven or have the temp too low. Reminds me of the time my cousin told me to cook a pizza. It said place directly on rack.. so I did. Came up about 15 mins later to a weird smell to find the pizza cooked through the bars all over the oven.. He cut me off for the rest of the night, I'm never cooking without a pizza stone again."
"Well Shino was pretty upset as well.... I really like Rock Lee as well. My only complaint about Naruto is that the Konaha 11 didn't really grow with Naruto much. I understand why, but I kinda wish all of them became super powerful over time. That's why the Sasque Retrieval Arc is my favorite because the Side Characters got super badass fights. And as a Shino fan, as as butthurt that Shino didn't go."
#GUAC #AMERICA
My nuggets are also tingling for this season. I said this after the Superbowl. I can feel it down in my plumbs.
"Ivanovic is a right back? Him and Schurrle were Chelsea's only strikers today, looks to me like Mou is rating him highly."
I'm going to have to be that guy...It was proven to be a fake story sorry OP did a search and news source is a joke site :/ Time to buy an Xbox One- wait a minute
Attributes considered to by typical for western countries. I dunno why someone downvoted this comment... Quick question.. what makes a westernized country?
"This annoys me just as much as drivers who don't put their lights on in the rain in built-up areas, visibility is already at an all time low and I have no idea if you're driving or not when all I see is grey A third of drivers haven't realised its dark in the morning and they need to turn their headlights on"
I RESPECTFULLY SECOND THIS MOTION TO HOCKEY CORRECTLY! I SUGGEST WE HOCKEY CORRECTLY!
Show us where the mean hut player touched you on this doll. RHC Member TouchTheSkyy
"we're pissing away the last years of calvins greatness :( Wow - brutal article. In most cases, having one player go off script is not really a good thing and the risk is pretty huge for Stafford if he were to step up. But I would respect the hell out of him for doing something bold. The calm and patience is something I really liked about Caldwell. But it's starting to get reminiscent of the patience the organization had with Millen's plan. Or the Jim Schwartz Spectacle. The Lions need a big turnaround and a big turnaround takes time. This bullshit product they're selling now looks like a dog chewing on its own dick. It's turning around but it doesn't make any fucking sense. There's no forward progress from last year so why the hell should anyone be patient. To wait another three years for that elusive 'last piece of the puzzle'? By the time it's acquired, we will be missing even more pieces to retirement, free agency, etc.? The organization is lacking heart and passion. I'd love to see some sandlot shit go on. So fucking what if it fails. At least go down with a fight. At least show show some fucking passion for a change."
I certainly hope she and her malignant husband both do exactly that. Shut up
Cat. Cat.
"How does that happen? My ancestors got run out of Canada, so there's that..."
"This The reason people believe in conspiracy theories in general, is that they are a coping mechanism. You know how when people would see it rain, but they didn't know what rain was, so they just invented a rain god in their heads to ""create"" an explanation for it? That's kind of what happens with conspiracy theories. That is, it's difficult for us to fathom the reality that a small group of terrorists managed to pass through all of the different security checks at an airport and inside a plane, and that all of them would be committed enough to murder thousands of people by flying their aircraft into a building, so we end up inventing conspiracy theories as way to make it ... plausible. Because reality is too fantastical to be believable. John F Kennedy's assassin was helped along by a cabal of Communists that placed a second shooter on the grassy knoll ... because the idea that a single person could penetrate the security cordon around a sitting US President and change the course of history with a single well-aimed shot is too fantastical to be believable. The Newtown mass shooting didn't actually happen. It was all staged, with ""crisis actors"" working in cahoots with the media to give you the illusion that there was a mass shooting, when it was really a plot by Democrats to enforce gun control measures ... because the idea that a single person could kill so many innocent children in a single bloody rampage is too fantastical to be believable. Ninoy Aquino's death was orchestrated by Aquino himself, to create a massed movement that would overthrow a dictator, all with the approval of his own wife to seize the reins of power ... because the idea that he could have been shot in full view of an entire airport and yet still have the case be unsolved after all these years is too fantastical to be believable. We believe in conspiracy theories because we don't want to die from incurable cancer. We don't like that random chance causes our child to be born with autism. We reject the idea that we have so little control over our own lives. So we create patterns where there are none."
"In other news, Rob Ford ate Taco Bell for lunch. Rob Ford says threatening email has given him 12 hours to resign or City Hall will be blown up"
"How fine a grind are you using? I feel like I am doing it wrong :/ Invested in the PAX 2 just about a month ago and I'm not getting much out of it. I've tried changing temperatures, half to full oven and patterns of breathing. I see all the love in here for the product so I'm just wondering what I might be doing wrong. Any tips on how else to work this thing?"
"Quit stealin' my cat's name. Hmm, we actually had a dog (now deceased) named Askhim. Weird."
Comes with by far the worst user manual ever written. Having trouble connecting. It keeps saying 'network doesn't exist.'
Made me sad *only* 5-6 hours... :3
"Fake and gay ""Dealing with female Trump supporters"""
and that's no moon Totally looks like a Tie Fighter.
niiiiccceee... Teacher impregnated by her 13 year old student
"Actually it does depending on what's said and the context of the situation I'm from the US, and calling someone mean names here doesn't qualify as a hate crime."
"She only wants football players. Heard its really cold in Columbus, I'll keep you warm JSB."
"Why do you think he'd handle that first failure any better than he's been handling all of his past success? True. But I don't think that superiority complex will last for long because although he has succeeded at absolutely everything until now, it's inevitable that a failure will arrive, and I hope then he loses that narcissism."
"Implying playing VS is not like having aim assist, if you've ever played any FPS for any reasonable amount of time. PlanetSide 2 | Aimbotting #3"
God damnit man this is why we can't have mice things. One quarter and one nickel
A zone blocking run game and a power run game are two very different blocking schemes is all. We run a zone-blocking form of a ground-pound offense right now anyway. The groundwork is already there. I wouldn't have to change a whole lot.
"Wait... they changed the colours? So, I made this downvote gif nearly a year ago. Figured you guys might also like to use it."
That's dope 1 String Bass Solo
"If life is based on sun composition and planet distance from said sun, wouldn't it make sense for satellites to have the same life as the planet they orbit? What the hell happened between last night and this afternoon? Alright, something to do with two planets having the same cloud texture or something? I get that, why all of a sudden has this resulted in people saying things like, ""It'll go the same way as Spore"", ""Just like Elite, everything is the same"", ""Just a demo? Of course they'd say that! We all know the whole game is actually just the same planet over and over again""? None of this happened during the first IGN demo, in it Sean was on a planet, it looked quite nice - the first 18 minute video was pretty good. Then, we had a follow up video where an IGN journalist played, he flew to the moon of the planet - and all the animals were the same as the ones on the planet. Now, can anyone hazard a guess as to why this is? Well I'll tell you why, the simple truth of the matter is not every planet will have animal life - thus, to make the demonstrations interesting they'll crank up those numbers so we see life everywhere. I can tell you if they just started a demo on a random planet every time we'd never see half of the features they need to talk about. So, the result of pumping up the creature numbers means planets that should have no life, now support life. This happened in the recent demo, a planet that looked quite barren had life, and it had an atmosphere, etc. and it looked like everything that was on the planet. Spot the trend here? When altering variables for demonstration purposes, barren planets take on life from other planets in the system. That's been evidenced twice. Want to know what won't happen in the final game? They won't be messing about with life variables making sure every planet has traders, and animals, and water, and god damn clouds, and everything will look fine. Will you see some shit that looks kind of similar? Of course you will, but situations like duplicate planets in a demonstration that's been created by messing with the formula isn't representative of the final game - and anyone with a slice of common sense could tell you that. The sky isn't falling, just because a couple of clouds look the same in a demo."
"OP, any idea when we'll know or when we can pre-order? Vive pre-orders haven't started and we have not idea when it will be. Please stop asking. That is all."
"Please don't mistake my ignorance for prejudice, but how is the situation in Pakistan currently, safety-wise? I too have a house in Pakistan which is essentially abandoned now that almost all our family has moved to the U.S. Went back there after years last summer, it was nostalgically sad moment for me."
"Only because Gokus has ""fainted"" But Vegeta is stronger than Goku at the moment."
"Your poor cousin. I have a 4-yr-old cousin whose middle name is Sergeant. But I think it might be spelled ""Seargeant."" Poor thing."
"They'd work together if you used a heatsink, but it wouldn't look pretty. Uwell really dropped the ball on the Rafale X They had the perfect opportunity to make the best RDA for noisy cricket users but they made it 24mm. Seriously, that neutral post would make building in series perfect, dual .2 alien wires would be .4 ohms. I can't make huge fancy dual coils on this box because the resistance is too low, this thing would totally fix that but they made it 24mm, so disappointing."
"people are upset about ky being at 25, remember its not the best handles or scorer or shot, its the best players, thats why i am upset at curry being anywhere near the top 10. meaning if i took away curry's or ky's shot could they make a 12 man roster simply being a defender, or a roster being a rebounder like a rodman, TT or lebron, or could they be a shot blocker, or only a passer? Kevin Love ranked 30th best player in NBA, Kyrie falls in at 25; JR-96 and TT-52."
I hope he still doesn't think this. I didn't at the time because this was back when I didn't have a smart phone and we were out and about.
"My, how times have changed. Please let me wear Smoak. You'd make me a very happy fan!"
I thought he stole that off of Louis ck? You mean Bill Hicks. The entire album you're referring to was a blatant rip off of Bill Hick's material. Leary is a thief and gained his fame through stabbing his so-called friend Bill Hicks in the back by lifting Bill's jokes and even his stage persona back when Hicks was not well known.
#*loudly hums the Star Wars theme* *hums Star Wars theme*
Please explain why you think Im a troll and what post of mine made you believe that because Im not trolling lol you got downvoted for being a transparent concerntroll
"Well, apple fans put up with a lot more before migrating to a completely different platform with all it's hassle than samsung users will to migrate to a phone with a different logo on the bottom/back/whatever. What people want, VS what people will put up with are not the same thing."
"It might also be fascinating; and it is from September of 2001 but this sub is for current political discussion, try history porn or anything goes news. This American Life from Sep 28 2001 really fasinating"
"It's just as dumb as it sounds: taking on the veil of a movement meant to keep politics *out* of people's personal lives to make a political stand against rampant sexism. Wait, people pretend to be homosexual to make a political point? I have never heard of this..."
This is a prime example of jumping the shark.... Goat Simulator Heist update!
"I knew I was wrong because you said great players :( Oh close but no cigar, Jacksonville"
"Soooo why is this getting posted here? Generations don't actually exist, Millennials are people just like Baby Boomers."
DREW BREES WILL DIE ONE DAY. YOU SHOULD BE FACTUALLY CORRECT IN A TRASH TALK THREAD
"Because it is now released as a Backward Compatible game and it was free with GwG quite some time ago. Not to question a good thing, but... Why?"
"Do they have doubles? You might want to try out halo multi-player again, they improved it a lot and once you get into higher rankings then it becomes a more tight-knit group of people with playing halo together. Also because of the ranking system everyone usually tries their best and the games are usually really close"
"See how stupid they look. ""HEY I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEPRESSED WHY ARE U BEING HAPPY U LIAR?!"""
"FYI I have the latest apk working on shield without sixaxis app, using the shield controller. I think the native support is meant for the Nvidia Shield's built-in controller, but yeah you still need the Sixaxis app. Direct-connecting the controller to the port works for a few people, however some buttons are currently reversed for whatever reason."
"Contact Dave's Wallet recovery service. Cant send btc from my own wallets! I have several wallet.dat with bitcoins,one of them 30.28 btc,second 1 btc,third some btc.In all I forgot my passphrases to my wallets.I ask wallet recovery services no success.I use pywallet with web version,after I click change passphrase,bitcoin core was closed,nothing worked,and my passphrases dont changing.What I do wrong?What alternative methods for change passphrase?or send btc directly with bitcoin core on my coinbase account?"
34 here checking in. Are there any other older gay guys here? I know the makeup of most posters here are college age I think. Just thought I would see if there are other older guys. I am in my 50's.
"It was a blu ray player when having the latest gadget wasn't some frivolous luxury like the Xbox eh? It was $600 and yes I did. It was a blu-ray player at a point in time when all other blu-ray players were $1000 or more. That more than justified the price when I also wanted a blu-ray player. What does Microsoft have to justify their price point? Their poor excuse to hide DRM ""cloud computing""?"
"Fuck, the PS4 owners really got screwed here. 3 free this weekend - one each for Vita, PS3, and PS4"
"Don't know how i've missed this, great track! Infirium - Then Before Once More (just wow &lt;3)"
Where is the quote or source for the claim that the judge has threatened contempt of court? Judge Martin threatens atheist victim of attack after he publicized case
"Of course.. but ""no sign of Sanders"" isn't the case Earlier, a Donald post was #2. It will fluctuate throughout the day."
"Of course they are working against it. What are Blizzard stand of Colorbots that does not read any memory of the game? Colorbots are not that popular, but exist. even known that a pro player is using it, and it can't be detectable since it does not read any memory from the game, nor does it write to the game. Are Blizzard trying to work against these cheats?"
Thanks! That's the spirit! I hope things get better for you.
The force is strong in this one... I hear you guys like these GIFs part 2
"Its complicated and nuanced, but yes. So, 'thems fightin' words' is legally true, eh?"
What the hell happened in here? What do you call somebody who just got cleaned from polypore staking? poly-poor
"LOL Fox not leaving FaZe Chill your tittes, reason fox has 15 hours is because he just comeback from holidays after the other faze members who went in holidays 2nd his avatar he has used that since he was in k1ck even when he was in kinguin/g2 he played pugs in faceit with that avatar You people need to think before talking and look at facts"
Sorry. My attempt at punning has failed spectacularly
"Did you sign any contracts or waivers with the photographer? Advice- Feel taken advantage of by photographer Over the summer I replied to a photographers post on my local subreddit that asked for models in exchange for photos. He said- ""Essentially, I'm trading free portrait sessions in exchange for the ability to use the images in my portfolio and in my online presence."" I replied and we set up a time to meet nearby with my husband and new puppy. We spent a couple of hours with him, letting him take whatever photos he wanted. At the end of the session he said that his normal turn around time is a couple of weeks. After not hearing from him for about 8 weeks I follow up by email. He finally got back to me after about 3 months from the shoot and said that he will be delivering the images soon. It has been 2 more months and still nothing. I've followed up again, but I don't know what to do. He is using the photos on his website (as I agreed that he could), but he has not sent me the photos (as he agreed he would). I've emailed him and said that all I would like is the unedited photos (so he doesn't need to spend additional time on them if he doesn't want to) and I have offered to pay him for the photos (from the beginning I was planning on tipping him upon receiving the photos). Not sure what I can do?"
He already has terrible impulse control. Why not? We could give him the autism.
OP is clever. She faked being pregnant so that people would give her stuff
That can't be legal... or very good for the gun. Local park thing is scary. But I'm not too worried about the rest. I hope the park thing is a lie.
"Adolf gets it. But whether it's silver nitride our your girlfriend, something still blows up right?"
I like fruity fractals. These companies are getting really creative with their cereal names.
/end potato Thats about all the kind of potato there is.
"Thank you Timmy ""it's the wiiiiigle dance! It's the wiiiiigle dance!"
"Except for the ones still in his spare magazines, so he'll fire reload and fire those off too, as fast as he possibly can. They're afraid of their bullets, not their guns. Unfortunately the officers in question can't cope with or address their fear until the weapon is in their hand pointed vaguely at someone. At this point, the bulletphobic cop realises that he has a whole magazine of bullets, effectively in the palm of his hand. In sheer panic, the officer will then discharge the weapon repeatedly, in whatever direction is handy, until there are no more bullets to be afraid of."
"Please post a link to the race so we over at XBL can see this. Sniper's Race I'm convinced it was a psychological experiment to create the maximum amount of rage in a group setting. Further proven by his maniacal laughter throughout the race. Well done Sniper, well done."
Since when do 6th graders still use crayons? Kids say the Darndest things...
"add me Vintage Huntsman and Vintage Sandman, I will take them."
"4th quarter, or 8 touchdowns from now. Who's the 3rd string QB? And how soon before he comes into the game?"
"Because of our Northern lands we tend not to get as much sun as other nations during the year, we've sent a diplomatic mission to the sun to ask them if they couldn't be more supportive of our drive to renewable energy by moving the star a bit. why is Canada trying to go to the sun"
"Oh no, poems gone wild! Verses just shooting them in the street like they are doing now?"
That's what she said. I don't see this lasting long.
I plan on copping and cutting off the FILA tag. FILA Plims for $18 shipped on FILA's eBay store
"Women's sexual agency is scary as fuck to insecure men. I dont get whats wrong with getting around. As long as youre safe and youre not fucking someone over like a SO, who gives a shit?"
I pray that I don't get so many aces that it's no longer fun Do you just pick one at random and pray?
"Oh in that case they probably won't call it infinity so it's clear there's no backwards compatibility but they'll probably wait another couple months to make another kitchen sink style mod pack. I don't care about world save, i just want an updated pack"
how big were bugs of the past? You forgot about oxygen. That's a massive limitation on size. Bugs today are quite small compared to the past because the earth has much less oxygen.
Did you land dick first in Kathy Bates? I honestly did jump off of a bridge once because all of my friends did.
"[](/cheerilee) I don't think you forgot one, it's just that the formatting ate your Rarity point. oopsie [](/lunateehee) forgot one! I guess I'll have to go with Sweetie Bell. She seems to be the most underused CMC in my opinion."
"I doubt you need PSA for this because you bumped into one idiot. PSA: Dont let people see your new iPhone! Long story short I go to a Subaru dealer and the guy compliments my phone. He asks to see it, sure. He then looks like he's going to try and bend it! I stop him and confront the fact his an idiot. Sorry dumbass, I'll do business elsewhere and now your manager is going to hear what an idiot you are! Enjoy unemployment!"
"too bad the skins have no real monetary value in the eye of the law (you can cash out but this still makes no impact atm) betting 0.00 for 0.00 in return, valve is the only one making money here. Online gambling is illegal in the United States, nuff said."
"probably, he's on version 3.4, an outdated version that should bork a lot of things since the various changes to reddit Possibly a RES issue?"
itt: everyone arguing about which giant-killy-tank variants those are Banblades vs Stormsurges by Nemanja Stankovic
"If only he were like megaman, kid. I cri 4 maryo"
do they typically cheer for losses at MSG? Hey Chicago...y not so cocky anymore?? Awfully quiet at the UC
"I would bet money they only watch as far as to confirm thier own bias and then turn it off. If conspiratards have anything going for them, its an incredible amount of focus. I don't know anyone else besides them who could sit through an hour watching this shit."
"Can confirm. Meh, it's still part of the Philly metro area. Most people within that distance will say ""outside Philly"" or ""near Philly"" for easy reference."
That's a funny way to spell Transmission. Deluge master race
ASS TO ASS! I was thinking more along the lines of Requiem for a dream
"Those things where you combine the ashes with a tree or can send ashes to space What is the coolest birthday present you can think of for your dad? Gift shopping for mom is easy (makeup, purses, lotion made out of 99 virgins' blood for eternal youth... you name it), but for dad the task is always a tricky one. There's my man who claims he does not need anything and is impossible to surprise. Like all the dads out there, he loves all the cool, unique stuff therefore I am trying to get him something like that (doesn't need to be practical). So I am hoping all you awesome people can help me!! What are some cool gift ideas you can think of? Or for the dads who are reading this, what are some of the coolest, most impractical things you wish to receive one day? Thank you and all you mofo have a great weekend!"
"When I was in like 2nd grade, my dad told me a scary story and I ""sweat"" in my pants. What embarrassing story do/did your parents always tell about you in front of others?"
"I like leafy and pyrocynical as well tho so I feel conflicted I love Dunkey, I love Ethan, I love Papa Franku, and I love Jontron. This whole love tesseract of connection is amazing."
"Hey guys, I know this must get asked a lot, but I just finished the anime, where should I pick up the manga? Mob Psycho 100 Chapter 97.5 (Uranucleus Scans)"
"Couldn't it mean that this intelligence unit has deduced the next location, not that it's responsible? If this doesn't implicate Israel in both, then nothing will and whoever isn't convinced yet is just a stooge."
"Explain more, what do you mean hide them in the ladder hatch? I figured out another way to hide them -- in a closed ladder hatch (from the top). They are nearly invisible and still trigger when someone walks over them ;)"
"I had a game last night with a Draven and Darius in the same game and was constantly calling them the other one. I can't separate Graves and Draven in my head. It's not that they look similar or anything, but the names are apparently just crossed wires in my skull somewhere and I never call them the right thing."
yep ;) lo stile tipico sul ritmico boom cha
What's the difference between an endorsement and a rating? its more of an endorsement!
"I swear to the Old Gods they better have him yell ""DAKINGINDANORF"" like they did with Robb every time they charge into battle Lord Glover confirmed to return in season 7"
This would be so useful! Fix Morphling's Replicate not selectable with Tab key I just noticed that Morphling's replicate can't be accessed through tab cycling. This is very annoying considering all other illusion heroes can cycle through their illusions by pressing tab. Valve please fix?
He'd have to outscore Ronaldo and Messi What would it take for a deffender to win the balllon d'or? Title
"They do, it's just based on company policy and not a federal law. How do you people NOT have paid maternity and paternity leave? I live in freaking Namibia, and its mandatory, along with 14 day sick leave and 22 days vacation leave a year."
I am here my children. We need a hero We need the messiah
The mats were probably duped. Seems strange people want to make a loss on the onyx panther.
Ditto. Ive never wish that I had a foreskin. Today is that day.
They should've focused on 1080p/60FPS instead of 4k/30FPS upscaled. Sony should start a comedy show.
GM's can be matched with Dia/Master players willy nilly even including the ludicrous rank inflation this season simply because the matchmaker has a smaller pool to pick from at that rank and because it cares more about average SR than average skill level. If you get matched with them in ranked then they do belong in your game...
best punchline ever in the last sentence. What happened when I tried to delete my Ashley Madison account
Tickets for TNF against the Bengals last year were going for $15-$20 Soooo this is what we've come to...
"If you've bought 150,000 large pizzas, at $1.49 savings each on not ordering pepperoni, you could buy a house costing $223,500. This is actually my house, which I bought from all the years of saving money on not getting pepperoni as a topping. getout.gif"
"Letter from Hogwarts. Homosexual people of reddit, how did you find out you were homosexual?"
MVPs of our hearts. derozan and lowry cute af
"Is this an action figure, or is that an actual person in there? French Special Forces (GIGN)"
Can you help those of us that don't know why Isaiah 2 wouldn't have been included? To say nothing of the fact that it wouldn't have included Isaiah 2.
"Hell, even the target hacks had only the Normal Rate of credit card fraud reported and people flipped dick after that happened. I think they were encrypted though; did anyone actually have credit card fraud happen to them as a result of the last hacks? I don't think they ever did."
"That's my new favorite, replacing my old favorite, ""America's Hat."" Same here in ~~Diet America~~ Canuckistan."
"only you see the unused box so no biggie actually. Valve, please allow users to hide this field!"
"the burrow Hey Reddit, if you could live in any fictional character's house, who's would you choose?"
Kek \*Namby Pamby 2 inch wieners
"He's absolutely right, you can't do anything, because you believe his bullshit. And fuck all if you actually do the work to try and make your life better only to watch the rich steal it. Case and point , I presently have a Patent in my name a wealthy reseller in the US is selling. In informing him of his patent violation he simply said ""Go ahead and sue, Ill keep you tied up in courts for years , Ill counter sue you for bullshit and force you to fly all over the fucking country for depositions. Ill put your family on the streets. You will never see a dime and you will be homeless. You cant fight me bitch , I am rich and you are not, so go suck a dick "" I spent years developing and going though the patent process and put myself in debt doing it. And he is right. there is nothing I can do . In fact it is so bad in this country and so prevalent that wealthy individuals and companies prey on poor patent holders that there are patent investment companies that will buy your patents for pennies (with wealthy investor money) and THEN go after the infringer for a big payday. Over the next 20 year my patent could net about 10 million or more. But for any patent attorney to look at it is 50k up front and they get not only part of the settlement (if any) but part of the company (patent) .. Otherwise . if I fund it myself to protect it? 250 - 500k bitches.. Fuck the fucking mega wealthy in this fucking country .. fuck them."
"K What if everyone of us citizens went out on Tuesday and voted in only third party candidates? Then we would have a choice wouldn't we? Neither Trump nor Clinton would win. It is the lying media manipulating you into this false ""choice""."
"Yea but there is also a movie, OP never specified. The Great Gatsby is a novel. Also, the most famous film adaptation stars Robert Redford."
"You're not the only one... I have to depend on the jets...THE JETS!!!! I mean, they supposedly have a good defense but that offense is a dumpster fire"
Say that to the entire west coast. Air and water pollution are lower than 50 years ago. Health care is also better than 50 years ago.
Fucking inspiring 70 years old and pulling 683
"Yeah, but can Trout bowl a perfect game? The Actual Difference Between Mike Trout and Mookie Betts"
"I love you, Allison. Dump their shit out. It's their problem. If you really want to be nice about it check to see how damp (or hot for dryers) the clothes are and you can make sure you're dumping someone who has had their stuff there for literal hours. Just a side note though - I totally support taking out clothes sitting in a machine but if the machine is running (dryers and a few washers will open during cycle) please do not take stuff out, that's just an asshole move."
"Ah yes and the dreaded ""Why are you so quiet?"" Does anyone else worry that they come off as stuck-up because they're quiet/reserved in social situations, but it's actually due to social anxiety?"
Wood of... Should of...
Literally me. Welp. LEGO ruins their own promotion. Everyone bought key chains and cheap stuff and now they're all gone. *claps* Why buy RO sets at retail now? (I'm not close enough to a LEGO store to justify gas money for a trip.)
In this context it is circumcision. Both MGM and FGM function as broader terms than how you have used them.
I think your first mistake is picking it up with your teeth. With gritted teeth &amp; a plastic bag. Plastic confers a degree of separation I can handle.
I understood that reference. It was like a relaxing trampoline in the middle of a secret garden
"Well, nether one of them are going to be the president so what's the point of a presidential debate? No presidential debate in California after Clinton breaks promise"
"Undocumented or not, they pay more to the local economy in sales tax alone than anyone from out of state. It is pretty bullshit though. Someone undocumented gets a better deal than someone from tulsa? Really invites out of state or foreign kids to falsify info."
Over the years I have learnt that every object can be a Magrider Insertion Device. Magrider Biolab Insertion Device?
They are such shitty tippers. those customers are the worst
"you realise that Vettel won DotD, right? So does FIA quietly pretend DotD doesn't exist again this time?"
AUG | Worst Girl First we had waifu stickers. Now? We have waifu guns.
That's a whole new level of rich. lawn bidet
"Thanks man, we learned our lesson the first time that we don't need to spend a week on a poster to get something cool, and innervate looks pretty sweet. As a druid, hella fresh poster"
"What else could a knife be purchased for? If the knife was solely purchased for protection from harm, you would have a point. If not, you do not."
"It is part of the reason. This is why we can't have a rational conversation about what ""rights"" are in this country."
Stupid autocorrect :p Ramsay*. Goodness you guys.
That's nice... thanks for sharing. my wife was disappointed with my time as it has shortened in later years....when she realized i was more than double the average for my age....she was less disappointed.
you forgot ad time The documentary will be twelve hours long as there will be an hour break in-between every segment.
Context? Lead mp
"Well, that escalated quickly. Just ever more reason why we should preemptively strike China and burn the slate clean with nuclear fires."
"Tell me what exactly is so wrong with wanting some one to not make a completely unreasonable assumption? You're correct. Almost any decent gym would most likely ban such practices as it could damage the machine or possibly injure the patron, leaving the gym open to lawsuit. Better? Insufferable cunt badger."
"It's a drop in the bucket in terms of spending and is a solid investment for infrastructure in the long term. Waste of money. ""WOO-HOO GUYS WERE GREEN NOW"""
But the wellington is made out of wood... Superior capitalist steel
"It is a paper thin excuse at best. Pushing their agenda is a pretty weak excuse for education. I think that would only count if they started building schools. Also, they shouldn't build schools. That would be terrible."
"Funny, my- well shit. Funny, my Squirtle is named OG Hydro."
"That was a serious michael bay explosion at the end, there. Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it to tip over post landing. Root cause may have been ice buildup due to condensation from heavy fog at liftoff. - Elon Musk"
"See also: Some men being created as vessels of wrath, and some as vessels of mercy (Romans 9:22) Also see: Hardening someone's heart"
PLEASE DONT SUE ME I work with the FineBros and you can't use that word
"Poor, poor Donagel. lol ask XK about US laws"
That's the joke. And laser pointers are good at pointing things out too. We've come full circle.
"Not really, she was the mistress that refused to swallow the pill. Literally hitler"
"Alright, thanks for the quick reply Probably when the next expansion hits and then we will get that kind of pack. You have to buy classic packs if you want them."
"That really depends in alot of things like does your SO get jealous easy, did your SO like the selfie, how good of friends is your SO to this hot friend Is it OK to like a hot selfie your SO's friend posts on FB?"
I just pea'd myself laughing. How nutty.
"Kids call it molly But it's always E, always"
But they share so many letters! Libertarians are not liberal.
"attacking the writer of an article is not the same as disputing the claims of that writer. He just did, the name Rush Limbaugh has become synonymous with right wing extremism and has no credibility."
Same thing. reindeer
"this guy is my hero TIL that a bank mistakenly foreclosed on a family's house. The family showed up at the bank office with a court order, two deputies, and a moving truck to seize the banks assets."
You only get one touch screen wiimote. Why isn't this a launch title?
Yes Was the vehicle stolen?
SHUT YO MOUTH AND LOOK AT MY ~~WAD~~ TEAM! Boss Hunt. Know your roll! And shut your mouth!
"its great until someone brings their modded NS to the gaming convention and cheats with it... That is super convenient in certain situations. Could you imagine a future where you go to a convention or something like that and they have multiple TVs paired with Switch docks all there for you to stick your own systems into it? That'd be the dream. That's another point that's awesome about this thing, it isn't like your data is stuck in one place it's all seamlessly a part of the handheld itself."
"Once a runner, obviously. Now that xc season is starting to wrap up, what are some good running books to read before track season kicks in? Curious to hear your recommendations on good running books to read during the ""offseason"". Currently looking at ""Running With The Buffaloes"", but I'd love to hear some recommendations from the community"
Balls too big. Balls too hard.
"Probably related to the ""staggeringly drunk"" thing Useful things that are outside, like water fountains, tend to get vandalised. We used to have loads of phoneboxes but one by one they get broken up by dickless wonders."
"when i was in elementary school they had a smart kids thing where they'd pull a few kids from the various classes and have them do problem solving after school, i always wondered why they didn't just do the problem solving for all the kids, it seemed really beneficial at the time No! They must learn pointless things the hard way to build character! But in all seriousness, math and science are my best classes. And (at least in math) students learn pointless things to build logic. And it does build logic. But students shouldn't learn how to do that using parabolas and inverting equations and stuff, they should be learning how to, say, multiply two three-digit numbers in their head. Or calculate tip, or even just puzzles to build spacial coordination. Imagine if everyone could figure a tip without a calculator, had the spacial coordination to move sofas through any doorway, and had the geometry skills to build their own bed frame."
I'm only voting for the candidate that will stand behind and support the 18th amendment. Why is no one concerned about our third amendment rights being violated?
I know. Ik you didn't but somebody else already made a diepmon playable post with a rickroll
That seems like complete and utter bullshit He's trying to imply the game isn't optimized for custom resolutions.
Also super slow. I think it has to do with how large the field is when you add in the celebrities. I feel like they narrow it down to only pebble at some point.
"Seriously fuck the anti Nvidia circlejerk, I'm happy with Nvidia, always have been and never had trouble with them. Yeah but the circlejerk!"
"It's so easy, just take that 3 mil you inherited, buy a 1992 Toyota Corolla and invest the rest in a Vanguard fund. r/personalfinance = rich people who got lucky and think there experiences were the norm"
"Regina, Saskatchewan - We have a CFL team...? People of smaller or obscure cities, what is something your city is ""known for?"""
Note to self: Watch fan streams and make an easy 3 billion gold when the next big bug appears. NA AH is up its fun watching nothing on there...
Here's the other contradiction: * People come to America to escape 3rd world shitholes * Poor countries are charming and have a delightful multicultural appeal More left logic.
"They didn't learn anything from last season, doubt it starts now. well shame about the L, but we didn't deserve to win anyway. hopefully everyone learns and get something out of this."
Non combat positions in the US military. Women can join the military now too.
Halo 2 Halo 3 Legend of Zelda: OOT Gears of war 3 Destiny Top 5 games you've ever played.... What are your top 5 games of all time? No particular order. 1. Assassin's Creed II 2. Grand Theft Auto V 3. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt 4. Red Dead Redemption 5. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim
The time has come! Bortles Sighting He's in the game now
"Buy a Presto Card. Moving back to Canada (Toronto) after 12 years in the UK. What do I need to know? Hey, I've been away from Canada since the age of 10, meaning I have very little recollection of what Canada is actually like. I only have stereotypes exaggerated by the internet and those aren't very accurate most the time. A bit of info; I'm 22, a computer science graduate. I'm a football (soccer) fanatic, athletic and really interested in start ups. Unlike most CS students, I don't actually like games but I do like long walks on the beach. So Reddit, tell me the do's and don'ts of living in Toronto. What places should visit and what places should I avoid. Also, any ideas of where the techie or business (start up) people like to hang out?"
Nirvana kinda sucked... sorry..... Looks Like Joan Jett Will Front Nirvana At The Rock &amp; Roll Hall Of Fame Induction
"Nope, havent been to the meetups.. I am an OFW on a little island This subreddit is where i get my news from home haha.. Next time I am back I will definitely go to meetups haha.. HAHA thanks bruh! hhmmmm.. the trolls, we are all trolls for time to time. Were you at the meet up?"
"CAPS WIN, NBC: HERES WHY THE RANGERS LOST NEVER TURN TOWARDS THE BOARDS WITH YOUR HEAD DOWN, DUMBEST THING YOU CAN DO IN HOCKEY, ESPECIALLY WITH A FORECHECKER COMING IN"
Yep. Post-Game Thread: Colorado Avalance @ Montreal Canadiens - 10 December 2016
On a non-personal scale I'd say: Andy Dalton being injured off the playoffs Dolphins regressing Lynch and Foster being out significant portions of the year Odell's meltdown Browns benching McCown What was the biggest disappointment this season?
"""Fuck you and your hopes"" - Reddit Kawhi gonna be up there one day hopefully"
"Bullshit. DX12 adding 20% performance increase on PC, even more on Xbox One"
"Yeah, bond really only mourns for as long as it takes him to find someone else to stick his dick in. There's been plenty of others as well. Hell of the top of my head there's: * 2 sisters in Goldfinger that get killed because of Bond. * His Japanese wife in YOLT is poisoned laying in bed next to him. * Rosie in Live &amp; Let Die gets shot by a fucking scarecrow. * Felicca in the Spy Who Loved Me takes a bullet in the back to save Bond. * Corinne gets ripped to shreds by Drax's guard dogs in Moonraker * Some smugglers wife in For Your Eyes Only gets killed after spending the night with him. * Paris Carver gets tortured and killed because she fucks Bond in Tomorrow Never Dies Frankly after letting Bond get jiggy with you there's about a 30% chance you're going to be killed. And following that Bond will go off and screw some other girl within the next few days."
"Every post gets 2k upvotes by default. They literally use a script that upvotes every post on a given page. They go to the_dumpster's frontpage and run the script. Then they go to its /new/ and run the script. Then they go to /rising/ and run the script. Then they go to their ""friends"" page and run the script, then they do the same thing to subs like this one but with downvoting. Then they post something breathtakingly idiotic, then they repeat the routine. From when they get home from school to when they get sent to bed. ""Botting"" is too generous a term for it."
Better start hiding my shekels. gut schisse gut schisse zats some gut schisse right zere
"No museum is appropriate for playing an organized, unrelated game in without consent from the operators. Some museums may be super appropriate, arts museums maybe, but not something with such a heavy theme. Interesting to hear your take."
"The modern, capitalist man evolved from the beastly socialist. It could be imagery that simply does not translate, experimental advertising, or maybe they're trying for te cannibal market. Could also be an allusion to Animal Farm, but I don't know why they would do that. It doesseem like a bad way to advertise your ground to indistinguishable state meat however."
The kick makes me sad busty red head (and my djembe and marching snare)
Just because you look skinny doesnt mean your intestines are not surrounded in fat and your heart is about to give in. Huh?
"Yeah that was pretty much my childhood. 'Here's your bucket and shovel, now go build momma a nice sand castle. Sweetie, don't forget to watch out for all the tiny deadly octopi. Oh, and the other thousand things that can kill you here.'"
It wasn't? I always hoped that has his reaction to the chick getting hit in the face with a watermelon out of that catapult
"It isnt stronger than most north european countries economies, especially if things such as social mobility and equal distribution is taken into account. And to be fair, the right will point out that the American economy is stronger that the European economy."
bump like nice
As a juggernaut I always blindly follow bright lights.. Maybe I'm doing it wrong. I dont think waving a tac insertion at a juggernaut will help.
Oh shit my dick out Harambe died for this
seems to have got a hitch in it. The PR mask is slipping.
Wife says we are ALL Snowden on this blessed day! We're all Snowdens now.
Nice Polite Republicans... How much more evidence do you need that NPR is totally taken over by the history revisionist libertarians.
I feel sad for the child :( Passenger messes with the wrong lady bus driver
"Smash doesn't pull huge viewership. Seems kinda low for a tournament this size, no?"
"Glad I'm doing a reread then. I forget whose copy specifically (probably Karkat's), but it's from one of the very doomed timelines, one in which Gamzee murdered everyone and painted the HONK honk code everywhere in their blood. I forget exactly how it reached the alpha timeline, but BQ had it when she made Doc Scratch, because, along with the FLARP manuals, it contains his version of the Guardian DNA."
Happy tissues or sad tissues? It was only the first day of TGS and im already out
What to make it shittier? Seriously? Nobody's said beer yet. I look forward to a good IPA at the end of a shitty day.
you didn't mention the one thing this is actually about: government telling people they can't cover their skin at the beach. Non-muslims = left-wingers who hate the patriarchy and christianity but love islam. Can't make this shit up lol
"I mean, I'd be panicking too if my team were 3.5 games out of first seed... Spurs in crisis after latest loss, Popovich faces serious questions The Spurs are due for some serious soul searching after their latest loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers on Saturday night. The time is running out for the Spurs to right their ship with only 82 days left until the end of the regular season. The loss drops the Spurs to 39-8, a winning percentage of only 83%. As the trade deadline looms, general manager RC Buford faces a major decision on whether to gut the team now to tank and chase a lottery pick, or still continue to push for a playoff run. Even the continued employment of Coach Popovich is on the table as the Spurs have only won 8 of their last 10 games. The Spurs have not won a game since January 27, 2016."
"optimizied is a big word it runs on windows its still a weirdly spagehti code mess wich is consuming way to much ram It's hard not to sound like a pc fanboy but, league has always been best optimized for PC. Macs will always be on the low priority list. Apple has great products but not really aimed for gaming"
Subway closed? Subway and old characters... Is there any reason to keep old characters in Subway since it's closed? Or would you just pull them out and let it be forgotten?
"But if we illegalize gay marriage, pretty soon we will illegalize straight marriage and then marriage to Jesus! If 3.4% of earth's population are gambling your civilization away from being 100% accurate, why do you even care that people die? Am I too assume you think I believe in God by your suggestions? Also, LGBT should include Pedophilia (LGBTP) because their sexual orientation matters, right? Or does that not fit with your estimation of your entire species? Thought: what's 3.4% doing to your population that still stuck on that spec of dust you call earth? Enlighten us."
Oh my god there were SO MANY CIGARETTES in Italy. What was something that shocked you when you visited a foreign country?
Thank god! It appears the ToS has been updated.
"Wat the fuck Apparently it's a common problem with the breed that, in older age, their eyes just kind of fall out."
It's like when I have a really satisfying poo. So good it made him cry.
It's rumored. Open BETA? Myth or Legand?
More like uncle fucker- Gosh thats tall! Mother fucker.
Who's Hath? Hath scored
So what do they sell there? My favorite pokestop so far.
"And you implied that you think she's too heavy for a ""player type"" like your brother. Because she's with me. Not him"
"Hey Pi, I'm not sure if you're aware but could Intercept please be fixed at Castle Wars and Soul Wars? Oh yea, also on death it will be protected on death like the quiver but you will loose 100 of each rune on death as with the quiver."
Momentum exists. What are your FIFA 17 unpopular opinions? I'll start. If you need more than 2 lots 8 chances to win a daily knockout then you shouldn't get to play in it because you are clearly not good enough.
I can as long as its on or in standby mode. I don't understand. The usb part is connected to the wall plug. I thought you meant I could just charge it through the wall like I do my phone
fairly sure it is. Legit can't tell if this is a joke page or not.
"Since this is Brasil, he's lucky those are just rubber bullets.. Brazilian protester accidentally knocks a policeman's cap off"
Thanks man On my way
"So you preferred the garbage strike? So the union demanded that they can continue to bank sick days... **And they got exactly that.** The only win for Miller is that is stops for new employees, but this wasn't even a union demand. Look at the title of the article you cite!: **Banked sick days in city offer** *Unionized city employees will continue to bank pay for unused sick days under a contract offer being voted on today.*"
"Blonde on the left is Jakki Wallace. Lemmy from Motorhead With Two Page Three Girls, During A Press Conference in Guildford, England. 1991"
"worst case scenario, I catch you making a move on my girl and elect to respond. I should ask her if she would be my date to the Marine Corps ball [](/twishrug) What could possibly go wrong?"
"Now I want to put beer in a rotovap. I don't think azeotrope means what you think it means. It's when a mixture's ratio can no longer be changed by distillation. It's relevant in distillation, where you can't get the vapor above about 95% alcohol no matter how many times you redistill, but you can get it as low as you like and easily boil out the alcohol. In fact that's how most commercial NA beer is made. But yes, it would ruin the flavor. There's always vacuum distillation if OP has rotovap money laying around :)"
That's not what was said at all. I don't understand what you are saying. You just insinuated that guilters have accused other people of murder. Can you provide one instance of this happening or not?
would you want to? [](/a15) I couldn't do that even if I had 3 feet.
got rekt harder than meek mill Razer Burn(they just won't stop will they?)
"linkffn(Blood of the Phoenix by midnightjen) I believe it also has a sequel. Stories with a focus on or elements of phoenixes? The little bits of interaction with a phoenix in *Cartographer's Craft* was really compelling, and so I'd like to read more stories that have a focus on phoenixes or even just little elements of them. I don't really mean Harry having a phoenix form, but more of him interacting with phoenixes, like maybe Fawkes becomes Harry's familiar after Dumbledore's death and he has to deal with the wacky and insane antics of a bird who is really more of a child than anything else? Preferably Harry centric, but I won't complain or say no to others."
"To be fair 'The Thing' isn't designed by Marvel Studios. So much infinitely better than The Thing and Daredevil. THAT is an awesome, awesome suit."
Something ironic about Nashville doubling it's poor population AND having two separate posts about how it's the happiest city/happiest university ...and all being on the front page. The number of poor people in the combined area of Nashville-Davidson-Murfreesboro-Franklin went up by two thirds since 2000
41-41 Realistic record prediction? I am one of the more optimistic Bulls fans out there and I really believe we can get over 40 wins somewhere around 44 and make the playoffs. I really feel like we are an underrated defensive team that can cause some trouble.
"In the US, maybe contact the ACLU? Please explain my options, I considered legal fees more expensive than the outcome of lawsuit. This is still fresh, though, sewing it was only 4 months ago or so"
Thank You. $12.99 
Yep. By the new fire guy?
"Now, what exactly is ""it?"" And Rosie O'Donnell does it on The View."
"I do not like to see rank and file people lose their jobs, but I would like to see some of the big lumber fall and fall hard. Ohio is dumping Wells Fargo after John Kasich called the bank a 'disgrace'"
"""Or it's a key all the time, and when you stick it in people it unlocks their death..."" I can understand what you are saying, but here I took a quote by one of the main characters from the campaign and matched it with their weapon of choice. I know that it might make more sense to put a sword and have the quote be ""What's to understand about swish, swish, stab. It's a fucking sword, dude, not a fighter jet."" but I try to take it to the next level."
"you are awesome lol Great answer! Any link to your info? Or is it not possible to submit a direct link to your ass? I mean, you don't want to sound like an ignorant fool...right?"
They won't tell me. Bar passers: what was your score on the dreadful MBE?
"And admin rights The only major difference between you with your computer problems and the IT company your company pays to solve it, is that the techs at the IT company know how to Google properly."
"Only to the few between his neck and mid-back. If ""bald spot"" means ""compressed vertebrae"", I think you nailed it."
"... yes. Here is a message to all ""Music Haters"""
"It depends, will I need the gas to drive and pick up the loco, or can I have it shipped to me and I don't have to go anywhere? More like ""do i get enough gas for this week or buy another BLI steamer"" Totally not doing that at all right now"
"I think I misinterpreted OP's title I thought he was meaning being able to see underwater when he might have been talking about water's clarity It's pretty blurry in rust too, unless they changed it."
R/bojackhorseman TIL: cherophobia (fear of happiness) is an attitude towards happiness in which individuals may deliberately avoid experiences that invoke positive emotions or happiness because they think something bad will happen after.
"Jimmy John's doesn't use bean sprouts, they use clover sprouts, which are similar to alfalfa sprouts When asked what foods she refuses to eat, my friend's food microbiology professor said bean sprouts. Something to do with the high surface area/volume. IIRC Jimmy John's stopped using them because they kept causing food poisoning."
I sacrificed my life for phone guy... Time to rewrite the canon... Have fun!
"Can you split your save? Yeah, I'm torn between laughter and despair over potentially ruining my 100+ hr save"
"Well for oral consumption it really doesn't matter if it is complexed with HPBCD, but for sublingual or buccal consumption HPBCD definitely helps the absorption. HPCBD is not necessary for 1P-LSD. 1P-LSD is already has a high oral bioavailability. It's most likely the ink on the blotters."
You're well on your way to becoming the most dominant team in the season which all but guarantees a long and satisfying playoff run because that's how it works and is supposed to work in the past and always forever amirite haha yep haha good times mmmhmmm We are. We're laughing.
"I respect the tribute to our beloved brother, but at the same time, don't you think you might regret naming your team that if the meme dies soon NiFtY LLAMAx: GT becasue it was my old CoD clan (tbt) RHC Harambe: Team name because of the soul we lost way too soon 14"
"I don't know the time, sorry. You may want to link the actual time and not the WHOLE 50 minute video."
"Check mo po yung sched ng Mocha girls Saan po pwede manood ng sexy dancers dito sa manila? Kahit hindi po nude . Yung okay lang tumambay , uminom ng beer and manood ng nagsasayaw?"
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Barring some ridiculous gaff on her part this is Hillarys election to lose. The Republicans don't have a serious contender in this race.
Clever. Not quite. But some EU countries did have IRA equivalents. Germany: The Baader-Meinhof Group. Italy: The Red Brigades. Belgium: Cellules Communistes Combattants. Greece: 17N. Spain: ETA.
"Well sure, if you want to do it that way, but where's the fun if it doesn't just say ""high noon"" all over? Get an analog watch, set it to 12:00, then take out the battery :- )"
He bouncing like hes listening to his favorite rapper from his youth Kanye premieres new song off TLOP Night Sky ft. Sampha (Video)
"You've lived a sheltered life. Went to the city to watch rogue one. This popped up as the movie was about to start, hardest decision ever!"
"What is Facebook? Facebook blocks Russian page supporting Alexei Navalny, the most prominent critic of Putin"
"10/10 for desperation though, so atleast he's got that going for him. More like 0/10"
Yet it keeps coming back refurbished I'm like 90% sure that this is older than Jesus.
"Skyline, although it kinda sucked. Reddit, can you please recommend movies to me in which the bad guys win?"
Poppy has entered the fields of runescape New Zanik graphical rework (from new BTS)
"You should take a look at the 4* rankings then, and see how many AOE NPs are ranked at 9.0. sigh like I said... just because there are exceptions doesn't make the bias disappear. You know I can see Drake in there right?"
As a 14 owner I must say that's one of the things that keept me away from the 15 Dat Ass!
Polish the game before you start trying to sell us ridiculously priced DLC Ono apologized for the lack of a major SF EVO announcement
"7% when fighting at lightweight, coming out of a welterweight bout.. I'm assuming he'd be a lot less at featherweight. GSP is 7.7 % and McGregor 7% Just pointing this out."
First time I've ever heard that song in its entirety and glad to say it will be the last Star Wars: The Force Awakens + Dark Side Of The Moon
;-; ;-;
"I don't understand the point of this keyboard one bit, the whole point of a mech is that it's better and much more comfortable than a membrane, why would you combine them into one for no reason at all? The Razer Ornata Chroma"
so jealous Best pull all year for me!
"It's national shitpost day Had finals to study for, made this instead. Sorry not sorry"
You in SoCal? aww man I totally remember hearing this the other day but sadly I don't remember either
"Just wondering, why do you dislike Grimes? Generally speaking I tend to agree. However, if you get the forumula right, long songs work really well and are completely justified. The key is that there has to be a persistent and constant subtle change in the beats and overall song structure. Take composer Philip Glass as a good example of someone who does this. It's dreadfully easy to mess up (which is why I don't like artists such as Grimes at all). In this case though, the knife has gotten that subtle changing down pat. If you listen carefully you can hear it."
"Yeah, but the real question is if we'll sign Dante Cunningham in time... *sobs* Durant to potentially return tonight against the Pelicans"
"I agree. Niang is fine to play, I'd rather him pair up with Bacca than Adriano."
I am top dps Keepo who's top dps? Haven't played the game since the lagoon patch came out. Who is top dps now? Also any BM changes I should know of?
"I am quite thrilled for the Leo3, though it may be developed as a joint venture and I hope Nexter won't get a chance to scew it up ... french tanks, you know:P Better stick to Krauss-Maffei-Wegmann/Rheinmetall/ThyssenKrupp and Henschel :) supposedly the new Leopard 3 is intended to get a 140mm gun."
"More like squish Why lie, would still smash."
"Those are emeralds. TIL The platypus is actually not the only surviving member of its biological family. There is a small hedgehog like spiked ant-eater called a ""Echidna"" that is the only other surviving member of the same biological order. It is also the only other surviving mammal that lays eggs."
"Ibrahimovic, I want to see if he can do it on a rainy Wednesday night in Stoke or not. Who would you like to see play in the Premier League the most?"
"That's what you get when you think you're so goddamn special that you defy physics. Yeah, basically they believe that because they eat a shitload of calories worth of organic or clean foods, that they're healthy...Despite being 350 pounds."
ok pls post address here in comments I only send pants not 1:1 hip hop spam Not normal. Send it to me so I can investigate further.
You spelled Olympique de Marseille wrong! Montpellier is crying.
"No expert agrees, your agenda is obvious. Hope. Change. Lies. Barrack Obama is a terrible president and will go down as one of the worst presidents in American history."
"He doesnt believe in evolution, he doesnt believe in public schools(education) and doesnt want us to help old and sick people.. shrug unelectable. Yeah, that's what all the geniuses at CNN and Fox say too."
"At least they spare us when they surpass the current winning time. Big Brother Over the Top - Wednesday Night Live Event Discussion - November 02 2016 On the live feeds tonight, beginning at 10p EDT/7p PDT, we will have a one hour recap of the past week. At 11p EDT/10p PDT, We will have a live eviction. If it's anything like last week, it will be very productionless and the HG will fill in for most of Julie's usual role. Starting at midnight/ 9pPDT, an HOH competition will be played. During the eviction, your best bet is to watch the Quad View. Who will be evicted? How will the votes fall? What awkward moment will we get from the live eviction? How about the weird 30 min of nothing after that and before HOH? Who will be crowned? Discuss all that and whatever else below."
My understanding when we drafted him was that the likeliness of his return is similar to what Gore's was when we drafted him out of the U. His knee injury was way beyond your everyday torn ACL though.
"OK, I'm with that. Nobody is generalizing an entire people based on this. People are saying that over 20% of a population is a large enough number who behave in this way that it needs to be addressed. Not addressed by people online. Addressed by people within those countries."
What's your occupation? You would if you had to drive 10 god damn hours to the track and have to be back by Monday.
would really appreciate it Any chance of showing the UK coverage earlier than 7pm? US coverage is horrific.
He's just setting up the Michelle Obama 2020 campaign. I don't think Biden will actually run. Maybe if no strong candidates emerge for 2020. But I think it's far more likely he's just making himself a target for the smear brigades to waste their time and money.
Save style traditional though I'm sure Pep will be making a 50million pound bid for him. Think about the crazy distribution skills!
Dave cares too much about the fans and has such a passion for music that I agree with you completely I have a feeling these guys will play until they die. And I'm totally okay with that.
"There must be a curse for any city named Cleveland Cleveland, Tn. It's the butthole of East Tennessee. That town is like one big episode of the Jerry Springer show."
"It's worse when you were not supposed to be listening. DAE get incredibly annoyed when overhearing a conversation and the two people in it are miscommunicating and not understanding each other and you understand both sides and you want to intervene and clear it up but you also don't want to get involved? This happens with my coworkers and my inlaws. They just talk over each other and 10 minutes later finally understand what the other was saying, meanwhile I have been sitting here quietly, incredibly annoyed that they won't just shut the fuck up and listen to each other."
"isn't cold blooded essentially useless if no one's using echolator/haunt or the point sensor bombs? Finally after 66 Super Sea Snails and 300k, perfect gear!"
The triforce is strong with this one Challenge accepted.
"Alternative headline: MLS promotes pyro despite banning fans from stadiums for using it again. Major League Soccer on Twitter: ""Sacramento City Council approves proposed stadium"""
"Interesting, how Trump claimed to be so pro-Isreal, yet he wants to keep their terror sponsoring neighbor and that neighbor's biggest ally, Iran around. Donald Trump signifies he will end US support for Syrian rebels despite their pleas to him for help"
"Still pissed Kryssie never went up. Good riddance, America's Nominee. Fucking trash concept."
how about shadedjon comments xd 130 points on posts back then though...I haven't seen a post like that in forever
"They had a decent shot, then Bountygate happened Kinda surprised NO never did it"
Neptulon is decent in Totem Shaman. neither are played in totem shaman. Gormok could work i guess but i would keep the dust for a more staple legendary.
Ground breaking! My dry erase board before and after starting diving class
"I'm on day 23, decided to come over here a few days ago after I realized the problem was porn and not masturbation. Switched from NoFap to PornFree I ended my NoFap streak of 20 days today (with no porn ) as I had a massive urge to release sexual tension. I didnt have an urge to watch porn just to releive myself of some sexual energy. Previously i had no problems with masturbation, im not addicted to masturbation im only addicted to porn. My extensive masturbation habit is the symptom of my porn addiction. So i traded nofap for no porn i will releive myself by masturbating every two to three weeks and also totally give up porn in the process. hopefully i can still recover."
Nice title :D J.J. Watt Is Only Allowed To Walk; Close To Becoming Best Walker Ever
"Your right, I linked this article because this is the one I came across but I'll keep in mind in future that I can always link the source if needed instead. Why wouldn't you link the actual Guardian article, instead of linking an article that exaggerates the Guardian article? Linking the original article would allow people to make up there own minds rather than eventually getting to the article with a huge bias in their mind due to how its been framed."
Be damned to hell weeb Why isn't there a Kaneki Ken knife? i strongly believe there should be a knife dedicated to my husbando kaneki ken whos with me!!!
Can't wait for an injury. Ndamukong Suh Set To Play In Portland Pro-Am Basketball League
"That's what's tripping me right now, I'm not in state of buying a sandwich right now, let alone for a new phone (if something breaks) That's really odd, but I don't think you should worry about it. Try installing a custom ROM on it, and see how it works out."
"The higher fine is to get revenue that's it, it's not to deter any behavior. New Pedestrian Fines - email from Halifax Cycling Coalition"
"Make some actual arguments instead of name-calling like some teenage boy. U know what is your problem, it is you think you are an intellectual but you are a faggot. You think you have liberal opinion and that should be respected but that is pretty fucked up."
"Are you sure you're not Illuminati? Right, but that was in 2000, three years before Da Vinci Code came out and whipped popular culture into an Illuminati frenzy. It wasn't a tired theme back then, it is one now."
**LOL** Are you afraid of Trump going up against Sanders? They are both anti-establishment and share many similar views on trade. But Sanders has the support of the DNC and that's going to make things very difficult for Trump.
"Me Oh god, who the hell cares?"
"Welcome back, Stranger! Resident Evil 4 Arrives on PS4/Xbox One August 30"
And what makes you think I feel inclined or obligated in any way to answer his questions? None of what you just said answered any part of any of the questions asked.
"Yeah, been feeling the same way the last few days. This is depressing"
And his last auto crit for the kill Pentakill at around 18min for anyone interested
If I lived on that side I feel like that's how I'd do it too lol. Luckily I don't drive so I'm fine.
"The music makes me think of a camera panning over a desert in Saudi Arabia, not a mother rat saving it's baby Mother Rat Saves Baby from Snake"
And on reddit as well. My 12 year old daughter is just killing it on her Snapchat.
Yeah to be fair pricewise it should be compared to a RX480 4GB Hardware Unboxed: GTX 1060 3GB vs. RX 470 4GB - And The Best Mid-Range GPU Is?
"The color was to give an indication of the percentage favorable, not party affiliation. This is an awesome illustration of people voting along party lines and not what will benefit them directly."
love how the aims through all walls on his head the whole time and then gets the kill with a body shot Thank you reddit once again - oh wait .
That blue color looks great on your S5 Wheel Wednesday (Album in comments)
"Well, then Illinois is hopeless for getting a new team. Aurora, Joliet, Naperville, Elgin, Waukegan, and Cicero are all part of Chicagoland. Excluding forest preserves there is no space between them."
My HK-55 shrine on Nar Shadda The designated trash room?
How did he get tricked into that? Couple had goldfish in their centerpieces. At least a few were swallowed by drunk guests. There was also the time that the bride's brother was late to getting ready so the groomsmen tricked him into giving the groom a sponge bath... Thankfully I arrived at the tail end of that one.
No but his tent was. Was his lavish decadent palace rent-controlled?
1960 and 2000 ? This wouldn't be the first time 9 votes decided who would be president of the United States.
"Reduce to 3 out of 5,000 please. Brain damage in Zika babies is far worse than expected"
"I don't know if you noticed... He's not a fucking puppy. What I don't understand is this: if you put a just-born puppy or kitten in the middle of a field next to an ant colony, and all the ants were bothering it by crawling all over and biting the puppy (the humans attacking Clover), wouldn't the puppy run away from the ants, find a nice clearing, and call for its mom? Why doesn't the Clover fucking peace out, find a nice clearing in NJ or PA and cry for its mom? Why would he continue to hang out at this place that is pissing him off?"
Woah. #
"They played well against lg though lmao Lost to LG and didn't make it into playoffs, oh wait out in groups?"
Navy got planes I'm in the Air Force and I got Navy flair. Fuckkkkkkk that.
"Maybe he has another job in mind for Newt. Ugh, I really didn't want Newt"
"Well we're American, so my uncle goes by ""Bob"" Does anyone call them ""Zoli"" or something similar for short?"
I find it hilarious/hypocritical at how upset bikers get at drivers for breaking traffic laws in this city. Curb-protected bike lanes rolled out in Chicago
"This shit is **exactly** why ""compromising"" with Republicans is like feeding internet trolls. Congressman Steve Womack (R-AR) is already talking about shutting down the government again in January over the contraception mandate in Obamacare"
"Make sure your pug has paid all his taxes. This year's Woofstock costumes : ""Snooki and the Situation"""
How dare you have a different opinion than them! Got banned from an anime forum because I tried to convince them that King of the Hill is the best anime of all time.
"Leave it to the Japan news to put a negative spin on to everything. The opening of an additional railway link between JR Ueno and JR Tokyo stations in spring 2015 will drastically change services of the Tokaido, Tohoku and other lines and may cause confusion among passengers."
"Join us on PC, where no one uses the voice communication. I miss the old days when everyone used game chat."
"Yeah, fuck you people with IBS! Wear a diaper if you can't make it 2.7 miles without a bathroom emergency. The city doesn't owe you a place to shit."
Is this the beginning to a joke? How can panamanian 13 year old have sex with hot irish women?
"*hugs back harder* I'm not when watching the Cinderella movie, gonna pay, sit down, watch frozen fever, feel feels, and leave. Yay! [](#excited) *hugs* March 13th can't get here fast enough. I didn't see Frozen in theaters, so I'm even more excited to get to see this on the big screen."
"To be fair, in one episode he does have a 13 inch dick on screen so... I love how Hodick-dor has a dick in addition to being a dick himself"
I could be wrong but I'm assuming it says this for everyone. I just noticed while in this long queue it says in red guest accounts have lower priority I know they said theres a bug with this but does the text being there mean i'm experiencing this bug? Would it be worth it to requeue because i've been in queue for about 2 hours and im at position 1.2k
Sinosexual I believe the correct term is Chinsexual. Btw the title is a brilliant pun.
"Please send this PowerPoint to me, I hate my league and the bullshit move limit I actually got this through by bringing a powerpoint explaining why we shouldn't have a limit last year. It got pushed through and everyone loves it now."
"Kvyat: ""WHAT THE FUCK ARE WE DOING HERE!?!?"" HOW THE FUCK DID WE END UP HERE!!"
:D How can I land this combo? What tech should I use in a particular situation? Understand how you can improve at Smash through video replay analysis at Flowfeedback.com!
"Yut Why say no? Be proud of your service, as for me, Once a Marine, Always a Marine."
"Thanks to everyone who answered! Need help deciding between the PS4 Slim and Pro. Hi guys, basically i've been waiting to buy a PS4 for a long time but i've finally come around and i'm looking to buy one soon. Now i have the choice between the PS4 Slim for 222 Euros or a PS4 Pro for 400 hundred and i was hoping you guys could help me pick. For the record, i don't have a TV that supports 4K but i heard the PS4 Pro can still deliver better frame rates on 1080p. So the PS4 Pro is a lot more expensive but is it worth it? p.s. keep in mind i'm a student so i dont earn a ton ;-)"
I thought we managed to eradicate smallpox a few decades ago.... I want to have sun burn and 0 self confidence!
"I don't know how they'll fit all of Meesh's campaigning into this episode. Big Brother US18 - Episode Discussion - September 01 2016 Thursday night usually means eviction which means we'll say goodbye to another houseguest. Who will it be? Will we see an HOH crowned tonight? Remember, do not post spoilers in this thread! If an HOH is crowned post-episode, discuss it in the Feed Discussion thread!"
"I just wanted to not see all the effort just end suddenly because the owner got bored with his new toy, which is essentially what happened. Is that what you were looking to find? It's quite an old thread too"
Thanks Cinco. Dad's Saddle for Horsing Around! From Cinco!
"i dont know specifically, but its generally very wealthy individuals who own a team as a hobby. I'm kinda curious. Who are these ""massive"" chinese orginizations?"
Flair up! GONNA BE A LONG OFFSEASON
"Almost had me... but I do really want stretch IHs to be a thing, lmao. Iron Heart 555-04: 21oz Super Slim Selvedge w/ stretch!"
"Must wait until popcap fixes it. Shop Problem fix please!!! In plants vs zombies 2 (The time travel one) my shop will never have anything in it. I live in America, in Tennessee if that matters, and my friend has the same problem. In each section, there is just one card with a question mark that you cannot buy. Why is this? I've posted this before but I really need an answer."
Very nice! ITAP of the corner of La Jolla Village Dr and Villa La Jolla
Rip Europe RIP France.
"But bacon is very rectangular! Reddit's algorithm for getting thumnails looks for the ""most square"" image on a page and uses that."
"Was this immediate, or after he was in the kid's life? Priceless photo my buddy made after finding out he's not the father."
Helllooo anime_irl
But what're you gonna do when a Star Gate opens? We get a very well setup AR-15 as our trunk gun.
"This game is missing many standard FPS features, I hope they are working hard and have the resources to play ""catch up"" sooner than later. Why the hell is killfeed not on by default. This game design is impeccable but why the hell would you do this blizzard its like you are trying to make pub games as unenjoyable as you can."
Yeah was posted on there IG a couple weeks ago over one of those electric glass balls that make your hair stand up when you touch them has an engraved palace font p on the top grinder? as in weed grinder ??
Deus Vult it is You won't see them coming.... Not until half of your household has been converted to the heathen religion.
"Im having the same problem, somethings wrong with the servers I see this error in my iPad. What's wrong? My internet is perfectly fine and I'm sure that's not the problem."
"Apple Music does have DRM though, doesn't it? Great step, but it doesn't allow for any type of processing. So apps like DJay Pro and GarageBand still won't be able to use Apple Music. That's a little disappointing, but not unexpected."
Indiatimes should have edited out the email address from the screenshot. Man threatens to expose her nudes. She stands up to him on the internet.
"The evil one has a goatee. Yea, I was best friends with identical twins growing up. After a while they look like completely different people. Yet other people were still regularly confused who was who."
Tell us who I can decide who's nicer; Juan Mata or this bot?
Did someone say something about tits? I up-voted your comment because woman.
Losing was the best thing that could ever happen to them. they are just still mad that they lost
Excluding parents from their children's weddings. I really have the feeling I need to ask this question.
I'm mom? You're mom.
Please don't try to suck all the good cheer out of what was obviously a joke. Depends. Thanks for the false equivalency of comparing jumping off a bridge to postings something on a message board.
"Neato burrito I know how we all feel about PFF, but Maggit rated out as a top 4 rookie player last week"
Better than the Dark Night Eh I would give it a 5/7
"Wasn't this a vine? My nephew said ""I think the milk's gone bad."""
"Oslo, Norway and it's about as cheap as you can get in this city (and you expect to live alone that is). Wow! Guessing you're in Manhattan, because that's the only place I've heard of such an insanely high rent. Holy smokes... O.O"
"According to my ex bf, I am. What is an acquired taste?"
"Fuck Your SO wants to spice things up in the bedroom, what do you suggest? OWE"
"I'm pretty disappointed with that... From trailers, it seems like the PS4's startup is identical to the Vita's. Just a white playstation symbol on black background with no sounds."
"I can't use HDR with SLI on fallout 3, or the sky flickers. Is there any plan to fix Fallout 3 on PC? As some of you might know, Fallout Anthology for PC is released on 29th September, but until now Fallout 3 is still not working properly on Windows 7 and up without modding, and we're getting Windows 10 soon. Do they have plan to fix the game?"
"Lol nice, I'm around 50 hours and I still have no idea what I'm doing xD but it's tons of explosive fun Dude i put almost 70 hours into the demo, its like a gift that keeps on giving."
"Two VFL/AFL flags, a few night flags, a few VFA flags and multiple brownlow medallists. Yeah, but at least the Dees have a fair swag of cups in their cabinet already. The Doggies had a long drought *and* only the one flag."
"3100 is top 5% on both overbuff and masteroverwatch, so not sure about 3000. accoding to master overwatch, it's like the top 10% (10% of those who use masteroverwatch i think) probably that reach 65+ by the time last season ended."
If only we can get him working... He's a funnier character than we've had in the other movies.
No no he had info on clinton Harambe?
Olof 2.0 Inb4 someone falls on the ice and fractures a wrist.
"She would take meticulous care of camp, but nag everyone and be booted pre-jury. Would your mom do well on Survivor? Off season's almost over."
"I think my butt prolapsed because of all the hurt, ai bad year for sports"
Get a job. Tips for making money?
"If those are fake, then I don't want real tits Ava reveals."
Godfather What sequel to a movie was actually as good as or better than the original movie?
"HHH didn't seem to be a fan of if either on his Facebook Live appearance afterward. Anyone else find ""Cien's"" entrance attire to be incredibly lame? I can't take him seriously when he looks like a male stripper pretending to be in the Italian mafia."
Yeah .... is a fish taco.... shaped... like a fish?
"That doesn't even make sense, I played halo 5 for only a few hours and never touched it until Halo 5:Forge came out for PC and I got it so I don't know maybe it's for a select amount Damn, sorry man. I imagine with that much time spent on MCC you probably played the older games or have them registered as played on your account? Not trying to annoy you but kinda trying to figure it out cus I got the code but my brother didn't. Only thin I can think of is my Xbox live account has played every halo since CE and his hasn't"
"Sure it is... Just ask Drumpf. My buddy gets 3 grand a month because his tribe owns a casino. He's a contractor, never even been on the res a day in his life, doesn't really work cuz he doesn't have to. He looks whiter than me. I guess the trick is to own a casino."
"Maybe you should apologize now. doesn't matter, he's not a credible source, and knowing prodota's dislike towards v1lat I'm not gonna believe a single word coming out of that 'source'"
"Well, cool I guess, but she still has completely whack ideas about gender roles. I only cry when someone really close to me dies. And it's maybe 2 minutes. I don't really show emotion...Just my nature. So, it's always kind of worked in that regard."
"Sent the complaint, thanks another e-sport chamipon"
"""I'm pregnant"" ""Yeah... i know."" If your SO say to you ""we need to talk"" right now, what would you immediately think about?"
"Oh okay. The way light reflects off of objects can be affected by resolution. If the resolution is high, you'll see more light reflected."
"Overwatch is probably more fun to most people and is a higher quality and more polished product, CS is definitely superior as an eSport though. Personally I don't like fps games I actually do play a bit of cs because I like the strategy element but overwatch is just better in my opinion"
"He did a *horrible* job from the Auburn game on. Wait. Wait a minute. Wait just a minute. A guy who takes Mississippi State from 3/4 games per season for nearly all of the 2000s to sustained success, four-straight bowls, a #1 ranking (for six weeks) and a NYE bowl isn't Top 25!? Excuse me while my jaw drops to the floor."
Bringing back the flair LeBron with no-look behind pass to K Love for the triple
"I just hope you didn't spend too much, it would seem you dun goofed. Lurked for a while but still don't know anything. Just got my first board on CL. What can you tell me about it?"
There was lots of him! Stuart?
Same. I'm fine
"To be fair, I'd cry if somebody told me I couldn't have more bacon too... Ridiculous Reasons Why Kids Cry"
What? Typical Valve community management
"Amen! Yeah, I believe Jesus himself said the word for the first time. John 16:2 ""And thus, the dorito started spinning. Apex seals were blown, as boost rose."""
"I will, although it might be a while... Oh, it's an OEM case. That explains it. Yeah, they're *really* not made for water cooling. I wish you luck, then. Haven't seen that kind of hacking since the early modding days, let me know how it works out."
"Beating bigotry with bigotry a classic example of taking the high road......... I mean, I'll accept that. Trump voters showed they didn't really care about bigotry. Time to even the playing field. Stop being so PC. ;)"
"Nobody knows conor outside of Ireland and some of USA. Interesting stat, Conor's retirement tweet got more retweets than Kobe Bryant's."
Ahhh!~ toujours dans l'amour pour pussy piercing you sound retarded. your bf sounds like a tool. you sound perfect together. &lt;3
"The real question is whether any *sane* individual gives two shits about what Jesse Jackson has to say. Jesse Jackson actually said this: "" Robertson's statements were uttered freely and openly without cover of the law, within a context of what he seemed to believe was 'white privilege'"""
damn what My red sneakers wreath.
"Why is that in quotation marks? ""There's this person in my office, and for whatever reason, whenever someone brings donuts they turn bright red, stare daggers at me, and frantically clench and unclench their fists. Totally creeps me out."""
Oh you mean like the GAME Splatoon bundle.... The one that had an unfortunate case of could not arrive due it being heisted... No he means it's exclusive to the Bundle with the game.
Because I get a rare pet if you use my paid game and lvl to 30. sounds too good to be true xd why would you spend 100$ just like that
"i have solved the issue now, it turns out all i had to do was unplug my PC, and hold the ON button for 30 seconds to a minute. Monitor no signal with computer My monitor wont sync with my computer, which means that when i boot up my computer the monitor wont go on, and when i turn it on it says no signal. I have tried my other monitor (which is old and crappy) and it works with my computer just fine. Also, i had this problem a week ago, i solved this switching out my cables. And now its back 3 days after i fixed it. What do i do?"
"Magic probably could've gotten one from someone It's bizarre to me that Markieff (mailed in a season) and D-Mo (barely played due to back injury) got 1sts, and T. Harris didn't."
"Yes Knowing Reddit I was readily expecting someone to respond with ""yes""."
Now my face won't look terrible because I can't grow a proper beard. Rationalization That's fine I'll be in Italy for the next 2 weeks and watching the games would have be difficult. Share your rationalization here.
There is no joking around when it comes to grammar apparently 13 other peoples' heads too. Guess we should keep the bar for sarcastic humor is pretty damn low these days.
"You lucky, lucky bastard Is it common for someone to not aromatize at all during 500mg test e a week? I haven't needed an AI yet and I am into my 6th week of the cycle. I forgot to note that I'm 14-15% bodyfat."
Deep. Don't be the person Mr. Rodgers wants you to be. Be the person Mr. Rodgers knows you can be.
Nah he'd most likely stay and ball out of his mind to prove the Lakers wrong. I think he would retire immediately after finding out he had been traded.
"Well that should go without saying. If you ahve the same email and same phone number, the one time one account gets vac banned or something all of them will."
Cheers to that guy. It is hands down significantly faster. There is one super smart guy at Google working on their JavaScript engine making it faster than everyone else. He is a god damn savant.
Googly eyes... Christopher Walken - 1965
"Reassuring your audience against a lie is one of the strongest indicators of a falsehood When I was a kid I accidentally left my rubix cube on the couch. My aunt didn't see it and sat on it. Apparently worse than stepping on Lego. Not gonna lie, I laughed. A lot."
"BETA IS GONNA NEED TO GO TO THERAPY AFTER MEETING WITH THIS KIND OF NIGHTMARE, AND I DON'T MEAN MENTAL TOMBSTONE WON'T EVEN NEED TO BRING OUT ITS BEST BLADE TO BRUTALIZE BRUTUS I'M CHAMPING AT THE BIT TO SEE CHOMP MADE INTO A CHUMP MEGA TENTO IS GONNA BE MEGA TENT-OBLITERATED ONCE YETI GETS ITS CLAWS ON IT BRONCO WON'T EVEN NEED TO USE ITS FLIPPER TO GET LAUNCHED THIS FIGHT POISON ARROW... WELL, I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GONNA HAPPEN BECAUSE THE LOWER RIGHT QUADRANT IS BULLSHIT TRASH TALK TUESDAY! THE HIATUS IS OVER! COMENCE!"
"In order to save democracy, we had to destroy it. ""SJWs have used loop holes in the system to instill themselves in positions of power. They then use those positions to silence those they feel have have the wrong thoughts or say the wrong things. Trump won because people are very tired of this type of authoritarianism."""
So he gets more Intel from Russia then it's own government? Trump reportedly attended only 2 of his daily intelligence briefings since the election
Yeah that was a really shitty port. Last I recall this game is super broken on modern systems. I hope I'm wrong though.
"Well I'm no rocket surgeon but I'd imagine it happened because they scored more points than we did. You just awoke from a nightmare in which your favorite team was beaten by the 2015 Kansas Jayhawks, how on earth did it happen? Even wake is great these days and it's 3 months and a lot of change til the season starts, I need this"
I remember when Fox News aired a helicopter lighting up a building with rockets and the start of the war. I remember begin younger and watching the news as they live streamed the bombing of Baghdad.
"Thank them... for their time in office before we kick em out in October with progressive leaders. So we can thank: Councillor D. Hill, Chair Councillor T. Davies, Vice-Chair Councillor Z. Jeffries Councillor P. Lorje Councillor T. Paulsen Mayor D. Atchison, ex officio"
Women/men of reddit... Most of those questions are reposted every other month. What AskReddit questions need to be retired?
"I thought it was going to be that .gif, was pleasantly surprised that it was a different one :) That one seems a little darker with an older owner. Both owners seem to show the same level of disappointment though. :) Fun fact, I was looking for this .gif for something when I came across the one I posted."
Cuz cheese will go bad even with a seal. I mean they do it with cheese. Why not cereal
Also in Washington. Oregon has lots and lots of Subarus.
Fucking void shield psions are the bane of my existence! Those adds between each phase suck so bad
Nice aiming. Man begs before being executed
Inb4 breaking wrists to throw for skins I agree there should be a clause excusing injuries or special/extreme circumstances. Seems ridiculous not to.
I like to live dangerously.... I didn't pay attention during the loading screen... this may be hostage...
Just started! Obligatory rewatch in celebration tonight. Who's with me?
Directly or indirectly? Please point out one comment in which I am supporting Putin's policy.
i could see eagles giving him a 40-50 mil deal Report: Eagles also interested in Alfred Morris.
"Would be awesome if they used her Book alias ""Melody Malone"". Hello Sweetie... Any NCIS fans here? The best fandoms of TV collide. River Song/ Alex Kingston will be on the next couple of episodes of NCIS. Playing none other than a detective who investigates ""paranormal activity"""
Lol Ardan Ult 1.14 New Meta (Easy to counter)
Even after 5 years of playing people still misspell Xpecial. xSpecial tried really hard to get the Worst Player. Unfortunately he was beaten by another fellow Wildcard player.
"Just one question: When did you purchase it? Quick update. It's most likely the battery. And thanks for the input. Especially the hulk ones ;-) Called AppleCare+. Case was immediatley escalated to their Support Manager and flagged as a safety-related issue. Went through a list of 25 questions. Anybody hurt? Room temperature etc.... Provided my pictures. A ""special department"" will follow up on me later today. Exciting."
"**PUT DOWN THE PIPE** And like, OMG shut uuuppp, we are like, going to go to mars, and like, you aren't, yeah."
"I always take my iPhone... I never get a connection but it's useful for reading, playing games, photography, and making notes. Re: Unusual question: Tablet/Keyboard while backpacking"
"Honestly, surprised it lasted that long. Just started teaching high school girls this year. Thought I was being nice by letting them have them and use them during free time. They fucked that up on day two. Now they're banned..."
"What is this game Game Thread: Flames vs. Ducks **Drinking Game:** - Gaudreau scores - 3 drinks - Tkachuk pisses someone off - 1 drink - D. Hamilton/Bennett stick infraction penalty - 2 drinks - Brodie/Gio make an stretch pass - 2 drinks - Backlund/Frolik force a turnover - 1 drink - Ferland hits - 2 drinks - Engelland looks like a pylon - 2 drinks - Wideman fucks up - 1 drink - Fight - 3 drinks **Bonus:** * PP goal - 3 drinks * Ice the puck on the PP - 3 drinks * Puck over the boards, delay of game penalty - 2 drinks * Dougie Hamilton trade rumours mentioned - 1 drink * Kesler/Bieksa look stupid - 2 drinks"
Who says this isn't part of their marketing? I'm amazed at how good this game looks and at how utter shit their marketing has been. Nearly all my exposure to the game has been in gfy's posted on Reddit. The game trailers have precious little footage and most of it isn't half as impressive. It's like the game's marketing budget has been entirely spent on one guy posting 30-second clips (without any context) to the game's Facebook page.
Will it be on ps4 tomorrow? The Wolf Among Us Now Available for Xbox One
"When he realized he was on the other side of varrock, why couldn't he have just stopped chasing? It appears that the guy isn't paying full attention. He sees the trade window, clicks it and when it doesnt pop up I guess assumes the person logged or something so he goes back to quick typing. Then he realizes he's on the other fuckin side of Varrock, his character unable to do anything besides chase after the guy to open the trade window and is bitching."
Inb 3a 2100 x2 ~12h ago Third-Age/Blood dyes are between 1900 and 2100 atm
"Any thought on the continuing embargo? IAma person born and raised in a communist country living in the US. Was born in Havana , Cuba. Came to the US when I was 12 and I am now 17 ask away."
"Someone I work with is switching jobs to go work at an Amazon warehouse making $20+/hour. Are Amazon warehouse jobs poorly compensated? I know many fulfillment centers are, but the one person I knew that did warehouse fulfillment for Amazon made decent money for low-skilled work."
"Don't walk under a ladder, don't open an umbrella indoors. What superstition do you not believe in, but figure, you might as well not risk it?"
"Thrust that shit away from the moon at full power, calculate a new route home. What happens if someone says NoGo?"
That's what I'm counting on. You've got your short sad life left.
Prepare the meme cannon! Man wtf are we really getting out-memed by those Imgurians.
We need a Wicked Tomb They would need to open 16 of each dungeons in every servers for the dungeons to be less crowded. &amp;nbsp; 100+ players in a dungeon isn't a game event. It's a social event.
"would a gaggle of homos be a faggle? Nah man, it's totally your fault. You personally lynched a gaggle of homos the other night. WE SAW YOU DO IT!"
"True, but in my experience, longer duels tend to have more back in forth. The fun duels aren't necessarily long or short, but the ones with a lot of back and forth."
"I suggest that the scientific community create an ongoing test of fake articles that allow this sort of thing to be continuously tested. ""Who's Afraid of Peer Review?"" - Fake Cancer Study Spotlights Bogus Science Journals"
"I'm on mobile so I can't link to it, but there is a comic where Wonder Woman uses her lasso to compel a guy to explain his wrong doing and then she accuses him of Mansplaining before he gets knocked out. What 'SJW bullshit' did DC ever do, though?"
yeah sundown i have no idea why you traded me don't trade away one of the best players in the conference heh
battle ropes... fuck those. Sakho training hard
seriously? What game is this?
Easily the cringiest moment of my life. For the love of God do not pull what I just did
"Not that anyone would see it anyway. ""Hey guys! Link your profile to your google+ account or you won't be allowed to comment/post!"" I forsee blackmail."
Weren't they selling the poster as-is too? The Fire-Vancouver one from a couple weeks ago was on the back of the daily program. Not sure what other teams are doing.
"have you graduated college? I didn't find mine until I started college. I was also the tag-a-long girl, or at least it felt like that. Then, the day I moved into the dorms, I met my best friend. Don't give up just yet :)"
"He will before the trial - my guess is that it's just not at that stage yet What I want to know is, how come his lawyer hasn't seen this video yet. Wouldn't the defense get a copy or am I watching too much American TV?"
Yo I'm making this tonight if I can this looks amazing. thanks for making that gif and the link love! Glad you enjoyed it!
I bet Thermonuclear.
"What is a classical instrument to you if cello's not? Aquaman's theme shouldn't have electronic guitar or cello elements, but more classical instruments. Infused with tribal notes. Cyborg's should be electronic-heavy. More dubstep!"
Do you solo farm or in group? U6. Thinking of Diablo 3 when I typed this
"How many Mathematicians and the Gold Rare Traptrix do you have? I can only trade right now, but I'm definitely interested in everything but the Lavalval chain! What did you see?"
"Weird game sense and just generally stupidity by opponents, seriously underwhelming gameplay imo. My Little Frag Movie"
"The person identified by OP *didn't* turn out to be the bomber, though... Exactly. Nobody disputes that the person identified by OP turned out to be the bomber. But it was still extremely dangerous to put his name out there when that was not known. It could have ended very badly. Not to mention OP seems to be about as mature as a 7 year old."
"oh man the mods must hate me.. sorry for all the shit posts, im done I Love Y'all !"
Oh that was a good one. Crying in DQVII when the robot was continuously trying to feed soup to his deceased owner...
"Lol, such a shitty line. ""From my point of view, the Jedi are evil!"""
"Solid point This is silly and anecdotal. I have no idea why this was upvoted. Clearly, you're an everyday smoker so the effects of weed don't take as much of a toll on you. It's a part of your everyday life. You're probably more impaired when you're not high. But, to say that driving high is super easy has to be one of the more naive and misguided comments I've seen in a long time. Just because you can smoke a blunt while driving doesn't mean that it's safe or easy. Get someone that rarely smokes, give them an entire blunt and then the keys to your car and go have a drive. I'm sure it'll be super easy."
"So much salt XD Here's the answer that you should be totally expecting, given everything else about NMS: You can't."
It's not already? I think that would look pretty cool with an actual Taylor head.
Right now I don't want anything slowing down his progress on the next two *A Song of Ice and Fire* books. George R R martin is the only person who should be allowed to write any more star wars movies. Maybe Drew Karpyshyn as a co writer
"It's obvious that Lue needs to stop fitting out. David Blatt 30-11 when fired, Lue 18-9 (currently) What will happen to the Cavs? Pretty clear that Lue ain't the answer. Lebron messing up the franchise with his decisions? Surprised no one on Reddit has mentioned it yet."
"Yeah my ideal lineup is JVR - Kadri - RW Komarov - Nylander - Soshnikov Marner - Matthews - Brown Greening - Laich - RW Fill the RW with michalek and AHL buds Even if he centers technically a third line, it's kind of outdated to call it that. All it means is he'll have easier assignments and still get decent minutes as a first year player. Matthews is probably gonna be our 2C while Kadri does the heavy lifting against the tougher competition for the first season. We aren't suddenly so center heavy that we can just push him to the wing and plus I'd rather see Bozak moved, his trade value is decent after last season."
The customers. What annoys you the most about where you work?
"For some reason, I feel compelled to wear all of my winter clothes and boots now... This is moving way too fast!"
"I'm not a religious person but I've always wondered why people think it HAS to be one way or the other What if What if there was a creator who started life or the universe aeons ago, and life has continued on, growing, adapting, learning since then. I personally call myself Catholic and believe in Evolution and all proven science, and I do remember seeing a post saying the Pope did too"
90s confirmed. sea creatures
"There are plenty of great suggestions in the sidebar for $5/mo or less! Okay, but what's a good alternative for 5$ per month?"
"Five rings what the fuck man, it took me until kill 784 for my first. Thanks for your reply :) 5 Rings, 7 D Picks, 3 D2hs, around 7-10 Snap drops( I really didn't count) and quite a lot of onyx bolt tips, at least 1.5k+"
"botrk and bashees gives dmg and tank and are far better than locket and frozen fist. I was jungle, i sold my jung item as i needed more dmg and tank."
"I dunno, most microwave meals don't have literal shit in them. it has all the quality of a store brand microwave meal so"
"Finally, a more efficient method of Tabasco intake! ""I will give you an IV full of Tabasco"""
His campaign must have run out of Jerri-Curl. Rand Paul suspends campaign
That is actually very feasible ADAM RUINS COFFEE!!!!!!! :'P
The stomach drain doesn't... What are the treatment options for obesity that don't require willpower? Stomach surgery still requires willpower.
"Would you rather have the ""illusion of choice"" than no choice at all? No, she wasn't saying the opposite. She was saying she would rather *subvert the process* than let people chose who they want to. Is it preferable to deny the people the choice they've made just so they can have the illusion of choice?"
"Couldn't PoS users be equally careless, and the fork becomes permanent? Time to consider Proof-of-Stake cryptocurrencies more seriously. PoW miner/user incentives are not aligned."
"Ask any cop if he would rather deal with a guy who just had half a bottle of tequila, or smoked a bowl? Pot may make you goofy but alcohol is involved in many more crimes and i don't need made up statistics to get everyone to agree with me on that."
"I feel like I get the gist of it, but when geoff got killed in the first few minutes I jumped. I've watched four different people play this game, and it still scares the fuck out of me."
"Don't laugh yet, you guys are heavily favored at this point, wouldn't want to get caught overlooking an opponent. AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!! No but seriously.... AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH"
It's just a nod at the audience... Why would you reference something that doesn't even exist yet in this timeline? It would be a paradox. It would be like showing street hoods using blue meth.
"He sounds too stupid and incoherent to be good at the game tbh Ah yes, you're part of the problem and the reason people are afraid to play QM/HL. Good on ya."
"Warren, is that you? I miss you Max! I wish I had girlfriend like Max she was awesome."
It's the same thing Would liquid trap be similar to Future Bass? Varien Future Bass could be cool.
Hell our QB even beat them without an ACL *The University of South Carolina Award for Outstanding Quarterback Achievement* [Fulmer Cup Committee Member](#l/fulmer)
Dicks make my mouth water And why do guys like to spit in the urinals?
I wonder if they will have it at IMATS NY in April! I know right! I can't wait till it comes out! This is the display I saw at IMATS &amp; when I asked about it they just said this spring :/
"Rooting for the Warriors, then Hawks (they look really weak right now), then bulls.. You know what... Anyone as long as it's not LeBron, Harden, Jason Terry and Matt douchebag Barnes! I guess it's time to root for Spurs-East? Any other team doesn't do it for me. They are a couple of shades off from the real thing. Any of you doing the same?"
"Also, long gestating period. In Alien 3, how Ripley knows that isn't just a random alien inside of her, and is a Queen?"
NOOOOPE One of New Zealand's most popular tourist attractions: the Nevis swing
People will do anything for a potato. Such a good film Empire of the sun
...Some how this is funnier knowing I got the same tingles. Shenzi from the Lion King had ASMR
And you overestimate it. You underestimate the power of the button
"this breed actually has a little higher body temperature than normal - all cats like warm places though Because of the lack of fur, those cats are naturally very cold. An owner typically needs to provide varuous warm blankets and such for them to crawl into. He probably like sitting on top of the warm light fixture."
Oh It's like a gunshot.
Now I'm scared if this would be the graph on the calculus exam tomorrow... And they try to tell me the interval was area under the curve. Liars.
"Yeah just the droid name and commercials made me want one for a while. Marketing can be massive. Name something something stupid, and you can damn it from the beginning."
It just works Only if the Overseer is Todd Howard.
"The next installment of MGS will be a pachinko game. You're right, I mean I sure as hell won't buy the next installment of MGS since most likely Kojima won't have anything to do with it."
"Thanks mate No, you're fine."
Yep. Resort is the new de_cpl_fire ? Well.. the layout is almost the same.
"My great aunt has been dead for 2 years and gets mail from the Trump campaign The Trump campaign sent a rather large and expensive-looking piece of direct mail to my husband, looking for a money donation and his vote. Trouble is, my husband is not a US citizen and thus can neither donate to nor vote for Trump. I have no idea where they got his address, since he's not on any voter rolls. He does not subscribe to any magazines at our home address, which is a PO box. I opened the mail to see if I could rip it into tiny pieces and mail back in a prepaid envelope, but you had to put a stamp on to return it. So I heaved it in the recycle bin in the post office lobby, and noticed quite a few people had also received the same big envelope and trashed it unopened. The mailing had like a dozen separate pieces of crap inside, all printed, so that had to cost money to prepare, print, collate, etc. Direct mail solicitations like that have a notoriously poor return ratio, so it's nice to see Trump is wasting money on ineffective, old-fashioned, expensive direct mail efforts. The graphics and design looked more like something from Publisher's Clearinghouse than a political campaign."
Yeah and it's fake as fuck It's got subtle hints of progression with that old timey aftertaste. Quite a lovely blend.
"If and thats a big if, this should happen it would happen after the euros. No way this would be finalized the night before arguably the most important match in his international career thus far.."
*Oh my goodness gracious me what a finish FTFY Holy crap what a finish!
"I wish we could have kept Lady Christina de Souza around a bit more. Pictured: Lady Christina de Souza (R) and ""Sand Shoes"" (L)."
Can't recall the comeback without missing Setoguchi .. Top 5 Sharks Playoff Moments. What's yours?
"Do clinical depressives have brain structures equivalent to another set of perfectly normal people? Clinically depressives, addicts, and sociopaths also have altered brain structures and chemistry. Sorry, but your argument doesn't hold water that this isn't a disorder."
"with amne i remember whatever role i can by night 3 at the latest because i always lose if i wait longer :( the worst is when im gonna take the dead random mafia role cus town is retarded and mafia kills me the night i try to remember ;__; if you're dying n1 a lot, maybe try some less attention grabbing names? I ALWAYS die as amne and it makes me mad For some reason, I always die as amnesiac night 1. Just bad luck, right? This time I had a chance, but some butt decided to make me suspicious for NO REASON in their death note and I was killed at night before I had a chance. The only town roles dead were vet and jailor, so I couldn't prove myself innocent to the town when they asked. Also I was forced to reveal to the town, I had planned on becoming maf, but no matter which role I picked, I would be killed. Amne sucks. For heaven's sake, lET me pick a role. Please! Amne could be so fun!"
"Yes, but how do they work? Magnets, I knew it."
It's not newke what map is worse? Newke is so awful IMO
"Hey man, it's not easy being green. It doesn't scare anyone unless you go green"
"Does it CTD even on an new empty city ? Crash to desktop after Datpacking plugins I have used the DATpacker many times before with great results and no problems. Over the last few months I have rebuilt my plugins folder and have gotten to the point where it's time to DAT pack, but when I pack the files the game crashes as it is loading into the city. Does anyone have any ideas about what might be going on? Some more info: I'm not packing the Nam, Rtmt, terrain mods, and various zzz files. I have about 3gb of plugins I am trying to pack the game is very slow and laggy right now and there are quite a few crash to desktops when zooming in and out I'm hoping to fix most of this by DAT packing."
God damn this song would go off if I didn't associate that alarm with having to wake up in the morning Virtual Riot &amp; FuntCase - Borg
"It's only shock value if he dies in the show, it's a subverted trope if he dies in the books. If he does not it will be bad writing because of Valonqar theory (GET HYPE MOTH3RFUCK3RS) and if he does it will be shock value."
Dany only came to Westeros to capture a gym and some legendary Pokemon. charmander. Pokemon Westoros is a thing
I used to love their Cheddar and Sour Cream Ridged Pringles. Salt and Pepper Pringles. They were fucking AMAZING. You can't buy them now and it saddens me.
"why? I read this theory already when it was posted on reddit, but it's not foolproof. He should be ashamed trying to make a buzzfeed video."
10-20 mutants in general 10-20 mutants in general or Dynamite mutants? And just type ironforest on the main menu screen. The logo should change slightly.
"cam got hurt and we didnt have him after half what's up with cam and dj's minutes? I wish we could get serge some easy buckets, or just more looks in general."
Wait really? Although the Mayans are still around.
Thank you! C9 is faster than c11 running at the same mhz.
The one with less practice... Fresher leg of course! But which Colquitt?
"China annexes South China Sea. In 5 words, how will the world end?"
"Love how it seems like Dempsey is the one that least changed when compared to his 1.0 version. ""Field Report. Final Entry. Well this is it the end game, I know what I have to do"" Illustration of Primis Dempsey and his 1.0 self"
"They're less than ten bucks in an antique store, it's not the 1800s anymore Then you shouldn't be worried about where you get your hdmi cables if you can afford a silver soon"
"Which is exactly why they are all so dirty and contaminated, poorly measured and advertised If it were a legitimate organization with proper oversight dealing the drugs we would have far fewer people od'ing You are aware that most shootings are gang related and most gangs deal the exact drugs you think cause no harm."
"He needs to have the carving knife ""Any objections?"" ""Fuck yes there are"""
"Upvotes posts What small, insignificant thing brings you great pleasure?"
"Yes, I'm Australian. are you oceanic? Cause if you arent, you have no idea the hell we've gone through. And dont even get me started on the broken oce promises from GA."
"Run by Air What is, in your opinion, the most well mixed piece of music you've heard? Links encouraged!"
would bang When you're late to the party...
"lol you act like anything you've said to us is original but this is like Anarchy 101 shit that we've all gotten past. More than anyone here, apparently."
"It will force teams to scout overseas more and domestically. And make the league even more watered down. That is why I am against expanding. People on here complain about how many bad teams there are in the league. And it seems the majority, based on this thread, want to add 2 more teams. You can't have your cake and eat it."
If bf4 had existed when I enrolled I could've gotten a scholarship off that. I've never had a student loan in my life. Full ride scholarship master race.
"Oh haha, I read this as ""how can they hear whether you are coming or not. But then how did you hear whether they were coming or not?"
"""This town smell likes bad cheese..."" His lines in the family guy mobile game were pretty solid too. I don't play it but my GF does, I lost my shit the first time I heard him say 'they let me record this in my sweat pants'"
I like Digg... Digg engineering team preparing to launch v4 of the site
That would require critical thinking; something that too many people lack. I'd love to see Libertarian and something besides Democrat. I think both of the current parties in power are way out of touch. It's time for some fresh ideas. Maybe we shouldn't have any parties at all. Candidates could just state their stances on their campaign websites. If we got rid of the (R) or (D) next to peoples names. Voters would actually have to learn about candidates instead of voting on auto pilot.
"rx480 also works here too You definitely want to upgrade the CPU. I'd recommended an i5 in whatever model is in your budget. Also, get a ""K"" version and a capable motherboard if you want to overclock. You also might want to consider a new GPU, but that depends on your budget. A 1060 or r9 390 are good, fairly cheap ones. Again, completely depends on your budget."
"But also discredit the yards and TDs he's putting up because they are counting stats. 2012: 2.9% INT rate, 98 INT+ 2013: 1.6% INT rate, 118 INT+ 2014: 2.2% INT rate, 106 INT+ But by all means, continue to judge based on a counting stat."
"I can understand a situation where you would need to be evaluated, but posting that note on the internet as proof you aren't crazy? I had to for insurance purposes. I had been in therapy for depression and the insurance wanted to know if it was ongoing in order to decide if I needed the high risk insurance or not. So I went to the therapist and he gave me a note for them saying I wasn't at risk anymore. So yeah sometimes it's important to get a note from the dr saying you aren't crazy."
"I think you need to look up what ""stutter"" actually means in relation to frame rate I never said it randomly stutters. 30FPS is a stuttery frame rate"
"Damn OP, why don't you coach every team at MSI Are they still not banning Ryze when they are against SKT?"
"Whoa I've been thinking about this movie a lot lately! First thought, American Werewolf in London."
"Every ideology is founded on advancing a certain groups selfishness, it's not bad. Hell, the libertarian party absolutely has some tenets that I agree with. But it's got a lot of radicals on its side and now glorifies selfishness a great deal."
"Don't worry, it was not ruined, at least not for me, I loled, which is not that good because it's late here and the rest of the people are sleeping. Not much, just the intended target of my comment. I was referring to the person you were 'arguing'/debating/wtfever with. The joke is completely and utterly ruined now, though. Thanks for playing though. You've been a real good sport (and right)."
"[M] You do realize Poland and Ukraine have superb relations, and that Poland is a big proponent for Ukraine's entry, right? Nay"
"i never got to play bloodborne (damn you consoles exclusives) Considering it mentions Demon Hunters in the description I would lean towards Bloodborne, especially since every melee weapon was called a trick weapon and had two modes."
"Mmh, can't make the same movie over again, i like this more than the Superman that smiles and laughs after condemning others to death though. Man of Steel is also weirdly somber for a movie about Superman."
"Your eyeliner is what my eyeliner tries to be before sighing, cancelling its gym membership, and drinking itself to sleep on my eyelid. Had a great makeup day the other day! Had to show you guys! CCW"
They think it s the same county anyway You do realise this banner change is going to confuse the fuck out of the already geographically challenged Americans.
"Not even gay, but I want this shirt The gay agenda is dangerous!"
"5 k/b seems to work well for me. I see the point of people saying block the port in your firewall, and I'm computer literate enough that I could easily do that, but I prefer the NetLimiter idea, so can you give instruction of how low to set their limits? Should we just keep them at 5KB, or set them lower or higher?"
"+1 for Android phone EZ-GUI works a treat for configuring the flight controller, and the USB OTG port makes it easy to copy videos to/from memory cards. If you just want to run clean/baseflight, then an android phone works fine too. Windows is necessary for blheli, but I don't see much of a need to flash ESCs in the field."
Is it from 'The witches'? Some advice given by British author Roald Dahl.
That's insulting to dicks. Dicks
What is it? Help me up!
"That's dope. My time to shine, I suppose. I could regale you with the entire process of hunting the whale, and how that changed over time, but we'll stick to the ""making oil"" part. The fat layer or blubber is separated from the whale. In the days of sailing whale ships, this was done in the water. The blubber was cut away in a big spiral strip while the whale was spun in the water. Any other useful parts (baleen, sperm whale teeth for scrimshaw, ete.) were cut away separately. The whale blubber was brought aboard and deposited in the main hold through a hatchway using a big hook on a pulley block that was hung from the mainmast. Once below, the blubber was cut into 5-7 foot lengths called horse pieces. Those were then cut into ""books"" by slicing the blubber down to the skin, but leaving the skin intact. (So it kinda looked like a bound book, except the pages are slices of whale blubber.) Those books are then put into huge iron pots called the tryworks. (Getting the oil from the blubber was known as ""trying out"" the whale.) The tryworks were in a brick enclosure on the deck of the ship. They had a fire that was lit underneath to heat the pots. The fire would be started with wood, but was then fed with the ""fritters"" or crackling that was left over from melting the oil out of the skin/blubber. There was enough oil left in the fritters to keep the fire going. The resulting oil would be strained into barrels. First into huge barrels that were fixed in the hold of the ship, acting as ballast for the sail home. (The ballast barrels were full of water for the voyage out.) Once the big ballast barrels were full, they would start filling smaller portable barrels. As another poster stated, sperm whales were a special case. They had blubber that could be made into oil like the other whales, but they also had a huge sack of a different (and much higher quality) oil called spermiceti. (It is actually the organ in the head of the whale that lets them use echo-location) Whalers called this the ""case"". The oil in the case didn't need to be ""tried out"" but could simply be emptied into barrels directly. I could go on, but that is the gist of it. :) Hope it helped."
"It was meant to be a direct to video release, so that's probably why. it grossed $140,000 in the box office... my guess is that it wasn't in too many theaters."
"yeah weird psychological mindfuck i see in comments on r/mma, everytime i see a ""unpopular opinion"" i just assume that the commentator is doing psychology in college, and does not have an unpopular opinion. But everyone will agree with it even more if they think its unpopular."
"The whole thing about him having the mentality of being a child could get bad pretty quickly if you ask me though. I can't be mean, it makes him happy and hurts no one so good for him."
the Dons is my league if you wanna join I need a League
"Ahri is beyond broken right now... atleast fizz needs to hit shit. ahri actually has skillshots, fizz's only skillshot is easily done point blank"
The model I ordered is $100 less than last years model. Boy I sure am glad a bunch of rich people working in Hollywood aren't concerned about the price increase..
"That's exactly right. Indeed, the financial incentive was that the Church owned roughly a third of all cultivated land, and an unknown but similarly high percentage of uncultivated land. Its wealth was astonishing and secular princes wished to impose their own authority upon it."
Check and mate Rugby league isn't horse racing though
And Feline. she's definitely into anal
"Maybe in general the differences are noticeable but during I Feel It Coming, their voices are almost identical. They don't even sound at all similar, MJ had a thick southern accent and Weeknd has been an Ethiopian accent, MJ sang aggressively and had more range while Weeknd just sings mainly in falsetto."
"No clue, all I know is that it's in the works. They are supposed to be in Beta in like 3 months correct?"
Ladders How did you get over them if they were so tall?
Here to hoping the AFB located to the northwest in the last picture is in the game! Fallout 4 Geek Out: Imgur Edition
"Tell her, face to face, that if she can't behave, she's not welcome I have an alcoholic sibling and I'm tired of her drama"
how do you figure We are tied folks
"jesus christ man, out of all the guys there, yours is the most annoying lel gz on that Hey figured I'd ask since you're in this thread, would it be possible to make it so my grandmaster starts casting tempest shield again after the rework, without me having to resubmit it? Don't really have all the gear for it anymore, and I'm not sure if it's even possible to make the character anymore with the new trees (barely play). TL;DR can you make my grandmaster cast tempest shield again pretty please? :)"
Bliss this post When you're a former tag team champion but are also Murph
"Teams havent gotten used to the new meta, will take some time and it will balance out. CS:GO Has gone from too CT sided to way too T sided? Teams are owning on the T side now instead of on the CT side like before the M4A1-S nerf. I feel like they nerfed the M4A1-S abit too hard. Whats your guys thoughts on it? /discuss"
Having sex with someone who is passing in and out of consciousness is rape. Do you really think she deserves to be criminally sentenced? There's a difference between morally dubious behaviour and criminal behaviour. I don't consenting drunk sex should = rape.
Name one bad match. Worst Mania ever? I think so. Especially after the Takeover of a lifetime
"Trust me, Gengar aren't fun to cuddle. There are examples of good Ghost/Poison types. For example, Gengar."
Isn't there a part where Pluto leads Kairi straight to Riku? I always thought that was Mickey doing the calling and the whistleing.
"Because they notoriously have one of the worst balancing teams out of every MOBA on the market. Seriously, how the fuck can Riot manage to over tune and under tune champs over and over. He went from havint 36%? winratio to having 60%? In 1 patch? Maybe they should look into small changes and not do so big changes every patch."
Is this a SW reference? Many Bothans died to bring us this information.
"BMW's 2017 models are facing a delay, but last I've heard they haven't been scrapped or anything. Futureb diesels Hey all, anyone know if there are any upcoming diesel models hitting US dealers? Outside of the usual pickups...thanks!"
"I just started watching it, is it normal to have a crush on Pam? Awesome! I was worried for a sec here no one would get ""The Office"" reference."
Thank you for the videos. Thanks for linking my videos.
"Shox has been IGLing for G2 just fine. you have to take the new coaching rule into consderation So : Apex , shox , scream , kennyS , ex6tance"
To much like the crowd at a gay bar. Whats your opinion on the italian mafia?
35 minutes left... I hope no one else has been secretly watching it this whole time
"No Remember we're not a democracy, we're a republic. Get used to it."
Get out No.
Hows the handling though? Looks like 300i is good for transporting cargo too
"Haha.. would be awesome if they'd just lower some of the bosses HP a little bit and make them do their old mechanics so it would be the ultimate challenge just for bragging rights to pull like more and more bosses at the same time or something.. The mobs outside the Tomb of Sargeras also don't have any abilities last time I was there, so especially easy with any kind of self healing since they just melee attack"
Some dirt fell back into Ubisoft's hole. Patch takes Far Cry 4 from 18fps to 120fps!
"I am scared, hold me! But there was ALARMING CHATTER! Alarming chatter, I tell you!"
"Lame repost Priorities, courtesy of Dave Grohl."
That explains why we look so similar. Human embryos are timelords. Neat.
but his mouth was wide open! I'm really not a fan of these clickbait titles. Something more descriptive should be required. Especially for something flagged nsfw.
"I'm surprised no one mentioned The Oblivion Realms Series. Any mods where you fight through Oblivion/Hell? Was on a DOOM binge today and realized I haven't had enough ripping and tearing. Any mods that have you fighting through a very unpleasant realm full of terrifying baddies? Be it Oblivion, Soul Cairn, whatever"
Jewish guilt. Such sad eyes.
Or a special Tear extractor module Honestly suprised CCP didn't give us capsuleers tears in the gag gifts
ty fam sure thing
"Lol ""who plays twelve hours at once"" looks away"
Well a lot of the people we've wanted to target are already apparently taken. You should look at our sub. They act like FA is already over
Awesome! Awesome!! I named mine Unicorn Wizard! :D
"I just...don't even know where to begin. That's not even close to what the coin toss thing was about. When the the districts come down to a tie, they do a literal coin toss to decide who wins those delegates. It's archaic and dumb, and it's how it is."
"Agreed wholeheartedly It is no dirtier than the Senate not even considering the merits of a judge whose accomplishments are beyond reproach. Fucking play hardball for once, dems."
"At first glace, i read the title with her voice ... Kharak is burning"
"Doesn't the Nvidia beat the iPad mini? And yet, somehow they still manage to win the race in terms of performance with every new release, or at least match pace with the best of Android's offerings."
OP needed that delicious karma. Then why the repost
"I think my anus clenched and screamed in agony. I always cut mine out and grill them up, works like a charm!"
Both Spoiled Strike and Jagged Edge are missing. fever north molten reach (I use primed r6 right now) pressure point virulent volcanic fury It's what I use. Most people will probably run crit but I like status builds and that 20% really incentivizes it. e: forgot I used 1 forma for this build and have 5 points left over
Positions btw not players I'm in for sure (xb1)
If Bachman went to crazy camp for a year she still couldn't outcrazy Louis. We demand an apology for Louis Gohmert too.
Ofc Zoo because of Harambe
"""feminist"" and ""logic"" do not go in the same sentence. Feminist logic in a nutshell"
"read that in the voice of zoidberg Look at Mr. Moneybags over here with two cardboard boxes, and *tape*."
2crunchy4me Only h3tty comment in this thread. Love live music.
"Follow them on twitter, they usually announce when there's going to be special packs. Will there be released special packs today? I was wondering if there were going to be released 15k, 25k packs today? And if there is, then what time?"
"This is the top comment in every single BG post game thread Wait, what? How? Is BG that bad this year?"
"I don't know much about Green Lantern but hasn't his shield taken multiple hits by Superman? I definitely agree Vegeta would easily win, but what advantage does GL have over Magneto?"
"inb4 ""the last thing to go through his head"" jokes The ass was probably fire smh"
"After seeing the video in question I'm glad you did too, it's great stuff and I'll be sure to check for more. Thanks Ordies! Glad you like the content. It has all been a lot of work but I'm glad I've stuck with it."
"I would say that this is one of the main issues I have with minimum wage, it's not minimum if it requires that I have to have a partner in order to have any disposable income. Lemme say as someone who lived in the Bay Area in California born and raised there and paid 1400 for a 1 bdrm that I split with my SO it was a shitty situation because I couldn't afford to leave him even when he got abusive because I didn't have anywhere to go and couldn't afford to live alone. And I made over minimum wage. I moved out of the Bay Area and left his ass but fuck the ridiculous unaffordable cost of living in CA"
"I used to save glass jars and bottles, and we dug a hole in the yard with a big rock in the middle...and my daughter would go out there in anger and throw the bottles against the rock with all her might...yelling is good too Anger and sub-drop Hello, I've started to notice that sometimes after a really intense play session I get irrationally angry and annoyed, especially with my DD. It's not anything he did nor a reaction to not liking the play. I love the play. It feels like perhaps a form of sub-drop. Does anyone else get this way? Are there ways that you combat the anger? Thanks."
"Long Island? I agree, but as somebody already said the Jets need something to represent them."
"Sorry for your brother man, I hope you find out. Get to mournhold via jumping in pond? Hey guys, I'm a long time morrowind player. I have well over 800 hours across xbox and pc. When I was little and didn't know how to play video games I would watch my brother play morrowind on the original xbox. I distinctly remember him getting to Mournhold via jumping in a pond or maybe it was a teleporter. In all of my hours I have never found this. It couldn't have been a mod, and I can't find anything online. My brother has passed so I can't ask him. Does anyone have any sort of clue what I am talking about? I have been searching for years, and hoping I am not just incorrectly remembering something. Thanks, Skylar."
Spam. I was wondering. Why are there duplicate match threads? Are they spam threads? Yesterday there was a duplicate Wales - Portugal thread and it seemed to have gotten removed within 15 min of kickoff.
"I believe you OP Ran my first Marathon dressed as Forest Gump, with no training."
"Was disappointed not to hear ""Worldstar"" Why is there ALWAYS a screaming women!"
"Where exactly did I point out that you need to have healing abilities to be a support hero? CM is a hard support and she has 0 healing abilities. Necrolyte works as a support because heartstopper aura is free harassment all game, and his attack range is far."
"Very nice read, thank you How the Blazers found reinvention in a familiar offensive system"
"At first I thought he was chanting ""wiener"" kinda catchy"
"Supposedly one of the classes you're required to take their covers the Toyota Way in detail, judging by course description. Supply chain and hospitals use the hell out of it. Best of luck I really hope you like it. I haven't read The Toyota Way but it's basically the bible of six sigma. People rave about it. (I should probably make reading that a winter priority)"
"Most jews hate ultra orthodox, and the ultra orthodox dont mix with other people as much as they can avoid it I've never met a Jewish person who was like that, but I've also never discussed Israel with any Jew except one who was actively eating a baconator at the time."
"Wait, what the bloody hell is a breadcake? * breadcake"
The thing that boggles me most is the fact that Moscow has still yet to convert to Confucianism. That is A LOT of antiquity sites...
"From this moment on, I drop all support for Bill Clinton for President. I'm really sorry man. But None of Bill Clinton's accusers have refuted their claims. I don't mind how people vote. On ideas there is always room for debate. But if you are going to vote on behavior/criminality.... don't you have the civic duty to put in the research to get the facts straight?"
"Happy Satan's asshole, just for you. Happy .1 ohm dry hit!"
"that would actually be pretty offensive if gavin, you know, didnt do that every time he stepped in a helicopter. Fuck what comments think. People lost their shit because Gavin bumped a building in a helicopter on the 9/11 video. If people complain about petty shit and they respond by removing something, they're feeding the problem, not fixing it."
Azael OE yesplease He's too damn cool to not ever be useful Belfura is too damn awesome looking. I love her batch's Lore . Vanberk is an Axe guy. Zergel was my nephew's favorite unit so I can't forget him. Amy? Azael needs An OE.
those ne zha ults were on point The Longest (3-man) CC Chain!
"Couldn't she just drop the charges against herself? Teens who take nude selfie photos face adult sex charges - After a 16-year-old girl made a sexually explicit nude photo of herself for her boyfriend last fall, the Sheriff's Office concluded that she committed two felony sex crimes against herself and arrested her in February."
Usually the mortician does that for you anyway. At least his insides will be sparkly clean. For the funeral.
... Well there goes a packers player It can effect any player of any game....but all we do know is that it will be major and it will be bad...
Have we tried restarting it man when the Avalanche offense shuts off it take a very long time for it to turn back on again.
I realize that it could get a lot worse-- but let's not kid ourselves about the fratritude of the family dog's clientele. Heard they're going to keep it relatively the same. I just hope they get rid of the cover and don't go all frat-boy a la The Ivy.
"Not very much = 1.3 million. Whatever floats your boat, skippy."
"to clarify rails is the framework that facilitates writing the code to run on the web, much like django works for python. ror is not a language. ruby is."
"Yerror is a pretty cool guy from what i heard, I think it's cool that he gets a chance to play infront of his homecrowd. WHY NOT MIGXA!?!? WE NEED MORE NAAAAAAAAAAIIIIICCEE! Sucks though for wwf, hope he can fully focus on SHC and LoL after this."
Well you are playing a guitar sooo.... The packaging on my guitar strings makes it look like they're gonna improve my sex life.
TEACH ME YOUR WAYS. yes well... now i have learned how to save i feel less guilty about the (admittedly smaller) impulse purchases...
"Plastic isn't ghetto enough, use a hacksaw blade So you get two guns, tape em together and link both triggers with a peice of plastic!"
"'You should of shot A-rod!' Chinatown. Three triad gang members. I pop two of them off the draw - bang, bang! And I raise up to take the leader out... I hear a whistle. My partner's on the roof. He says, ""Let's even the odds!"" He tosses me down a Mossberg pump, I send one through his chest. Game over, bitches."
"Based on my cultural study on xvideos, this is normal I gave a bj to my then bf, now husband, on the back of a bus in Tokyo."
"Ice baths? Sometimes I like my clients. Sometimes I don't. It doesn't matter, I'll always give you 100%. This is the first person I was like GODIEINAFIRE. I wish I could recite some of the dumbest dialogue that has come out of her mouth. The sheer stupidity of it was astounding. She asked me about ice baths....."
The Bumble Boogie by B. Bumble and the Stingers. What is your favorite song with no words?
"Search for something on Google Maps, tap any result, then you can swipe left and right to see next or previous result. Not sure what you are talking about... not very descriptive"
We be do what we do Why we give gifts?
"Next thing you know conservative Muslim students will demand that LGBT activists not speak because because homosexuality is Islamophobic. There is a really horrible irony in the fact that these ""Progressives"" have so much hate for the only country in the region that would give rights to a trans gendered person like this."
"Even after zooming all the way in, I can't tell whether that thing in front of you is a window or a pool. From B's angle this time"
"The water was stolen from the long haired student, short haired lady was being an even bigger piece of shit by taunting her about it (according to people in the youtube comments) The water was stolen from the long haired student, short haired lady was being an even bigger piece of shit by taunting her about it (according to people in the youtube comments)"
"J U C Y ""A Minute Without iFunny"""
"Quick someone photoshop him into Phillies colors so we can see! Mike Trout will be a Phillie, I guarantee you."
"especially when specials have different properties depending on the button used, it's just something you'll have to be attuned to by using the character I like the setups and everything, but one pet peeve I have with these videos is that nobody ever seems to turn on input display. That really helps a lot in terms of figuring out the finer details and saves time, ultimately making the educational aspect better overall."
I'd probably consider Sekera-Russell to be our #1 pairing right now Also Russell is playing very well
Family guy has been awful for years but every so often it gives me a good laugh so do we hate family guy or love them now?
Lol I'll take it. I have decided on your flair. Take it or leave it.
"Cosmetics change it afaik. Someone remind me, does the Shruiken Toss projectile also change with your cosmetics or does it just apply to the hero model shuriken?"
"Yo momma's so fat and old when God said, ""Let there be light,"" he asked your mother to move out of the way. Funny mama"
"Have you considered that your friends don't want to talk to you? Myself and several friends have noticed that our SMS's on telus have been delayed, sometimes even by days. Is anyone else having this issue?"
"No I haven't had anything to drink tonight, Officer LuckyStarBunny... It's okay to honk once. We are still human after all. We forget things too. Source: I'm a cop."
congrats! I did a thing.... I applied for college. Just now. Business school. It's what I honestly want to do. But I'm so freaking out.
Defo arma 3 then 6600k
"it just gives extra armor to creeps which might end up making ur opponents miss last hits, also helps with creep equilibrium but tbh if you arent sumail youre prolly gonna be better off getting a wraith band Me too. Can someone care to elaborare?"
We're all liars. What is something everyone deny despite it being true?
"Who's first? Atleti's not an underdog. Right now, based on ELO, Bayern is 2nd and Atleti is 3rd. That's very close."
I laughed and I do not feel bad about it Little girl gets stuck on spinning hoverboard
We would know why *they* hate us. In what ways with the world be different if everybody on the planet used the same language? Would the global economy be better (perhaps more efficient) because of smoother / easier communication? Would we have more overall world peace (recogniong that countries will still disagree for other reasons)? Would it matter what modern day language we all used?
"He's probably a very unhappy individual Why do you think william afton kills? For me, i think he wants to have a ""family"" forever, by killing them and having them possess the animatronics. This makes sense, since he knows the animatronics are possessed in TSE. I think he he wants these kids to be part of his family forever, because like TSE says, he has a rather miserable life normally, but he was the center of attention when he put on the spring bonnie suit. By killing them, they'll stay kids forever and be by his side."
"Somebody who imitates the fundamentalist proselytizers promising hellfire and brimstone as a way to be facetious or inflammatory. I hate to have to ask, but what is a poe?"
"I don't know how this works, i just landed here through the random button, so how's everything? 21 Anywhere - Can't sleep, anyone want to talk? Hey, Last year I met someone really amazing on here, who I really enjoyed talking to for a number of weeks. We lost touch :( but I can't sleep and got thinking how I'd like to meet someone new to talk to. Send me a message :)"
Hahah The Wallabies were the team in Yellow. Just encase you mixed up the team playing well with the team that was on the receiving end
"So much for being secretive. Smoking is trashy and bad for you, so thank your kids for that. As for the rest of it, you'll get what's worthwhile back."
I play with my other joystick while i wait to get to the right altitude. I have and I am decent at it. But the problem is that I find it boring. Seems like half the time I am flying to the combat zone and then flying back to base for more ammo. I just find it much less fun.
this corset also has a shit ton of padding in the cups to make the boobs look more voluminous. Push up bra =/= contraption that squeezes them together. Bras just lift them- this corset adds squeezy technology.
Why.. do all older creeps.. constantly use these stupid periods.. like.. what the fuck.. do they think they're doing? He is old enough to be my father.
"I mean, that isn't even really his playstyle, he's got the strength of both of them together He's no Xavi or Iniesta Which we already knew, of course"
"If anyone wants to know, the source is Sealab 2021, Season 4 Episode 3, The Green Fever. The Black Plague ravages Europe, 1350"
"ruh roh Dwyane Wade has canceled some free agent meetings with teams he'd set up with this week, sources said"
... When you're a stranger... Cat people are strange...
*roba Mas o menos lo que factura la AFA en un segundo.
What's the creepiest client you've had? I strip. I escort. I'm a sugar baby. AMA. I'm bored so go for it!
Yes sir they do! Signed agreements and NDAs suck.
your stickied book's title is 4 numerical digits. I just can't read anything with such a moronic title.
FSU voted no as well. Every school except Maryland
"Bro, you're like a random boner: always showing up when you're not wanted. AskMen, if your penis was human what criticism would you give it? Let's say your penis becomes sentient and you can communicate with it. What criticism would you give it?"
"They did not do that the first split they wanted to, maybe pob just thought he would not get to play at the whole split too. They did do exactly what you suggested. They wanted Huhi to start and Pobelter was not ok with being on the bench for if Huhi didn't work out."
"I honestly think the vomit was just from her entire torso tightening up so much. You have to respect how she lifts through it. Bad form or no, she's got my respect. I would have had a broken foot from this..."
Adidas: Origins The striped pants go way back
I mean it doesn't seem like out of the ordinary behavior for W. He's already charged all of them an arm and a leg. George W. Bush charged wounded vets group $100k for speech
60 (102) 59 (102)
"And they added in Expeditions to entice people to buy it even if the other stuff isn't enough. It actually makes 100% sense to do it in Battle for Zendikar. Boringdozia means it won't sell packs. BFZ will sell packs because, well, its Zendikar. It has expeditions, battlelands, Eldrazi, Allies. Those are things they know people like."
"It's pretty bad, but for me I don't mind the super ant fires. Worst clue reward ever?"
USP Greatest pistol in the world. If magazines were the same size as they are in Hollywood films
"At least we don't have to deal with always-online DRM. PC master race here, I laugh at your misfortunes."
This is why I eat carrots while playing Hearthstone. A sack of Carrots. You also get the added benefit of being able to wisecrack like crazy to any Hunters that are currently trying to shoot you.
It obviously says 203 20
"So judging from her degrees she's spent like 15-20 years in further education, and she can't spell check or sound remotely intelligent. The end product of hate on women"
"Good point ""His"" is already possessive. Stop adding an apostrophe."
"Buckethead -- ""Jordan"" What's your ""let's do this shit"" song?"
"I have to hand it to the Fox announcers, they effectively disqualified almost everybody on stage! Here are all Donald Trump's insults to women that Megyn Kelly asked about"
"Hypocrite FB friends, family... To the safe spacers politicians saying all the nice words while stabbing you in the back is more important than someone who says some mean things while trying to save the country. who else has hypocrite fb friends that are up in arms about what trump said but have never said anything about hillarys actual doings and then when confronted they attack you its pathetic"
"how dare you put minimal effort in your memes, I want lowest effort possible for maximum meme When it's a DDS stake, but you thought boxing."
In that Era even now your best players usually pitch in lower levels I knew that Babe Ruth used to be a pitcher. I just recently found out that Gehrig was too when he played for Columbia. Poor Mantle had so many injuries.
See what? [](/ajwut) What? But- how come I'm not able to see it in alien blue?
"That applies more to Star Trek you are right, I agree. Well, I would definitely categorize Star Wars as part of the romanticist tradition, not the realist tradition. But what did you mean when you said the characters seemed like they were from some politically correct planet?"
And then we can respond by showing them a picture of 7 of their players sitting inside our box But they'll still bitch saying that the team would have tried harder at the end if it was actually in reach.
Good.... Let the hate flow....! Kronovi Rage Quit After 1v1 Save
"Michael Vick. What's the single best thing that's ever happened to your school? The offseason is depressing enough, let's try for some optimism! For TCU it would probably be hiring Dutch Meyer. The man gave us a Heisman and two national championships. Either that, or having Bama hire away Coach Fran- we got to keep Patterson!"
"Tears of the joy of owning a Ferrari do not count* Surprisingly, yes."
It wouldn't be the first time a sailor was tempted by seawater. Would I still eat if all you could eat is poison? Let's continue in the realm of reality. I don't have to make that choice because that's not the result of my favored system.
Patriots can't fly One of these is not like the rest.
"As someone with severe food sensitivity due to crohns disease, this is indeed the case. It is probably just that, being overly careful. She probably knows what she can eat and when at home is a bit looser on the requirements. But when out probably exaggerates a bit so the cooks are more careful."
Every move like this that gives Roger the middle finger makes me incredibly happy. Suck it Rog!
Even ffa if you're lucky. nah Dom always has games. SnD too.
Towers of Hanoi She looks like one of those ring-stack toys.
"I think he was an actor, not sure. My mom was a nurse in the Army for over 20 years. Here she is shaking hands with some guy in the mid/late 1980's."
Comrade Communism is accepted here right? Cause I'm a communist and the rules aren't very clear about that but I'm also a Canadian so...
Well that just fucked us for Southampton Premier League Fixtures - Date &amp; Time Changes
Ink Mine the spawn point and watch them get pissed for constantly dying after just respawning Mwahahahahaha ^^^^^What's ^^^^^wrong ^^^^^with ^^^^^me I would probably spend half of my matches taking revenge on my dumb teammates.
jesus christ MRW My friend switched to a worse school to be with a girl that friend zones him
"The Western world's tolerance of Islamic extremism will be the death of it. Having ISIS supporter free to act as they please is like if Churchill defended the right of Nazi to talk about how good it is to genocide jew, gay, rom.. in the middle of London. Fuck human right at this point, we should kill our ennemies."
"What's happening to the game here, son? Viewers If you would like access to this sub once the game actually starts, please say so below. I will be making this sub private in 24 hours."
Lol right? DPI but we get called for a hold
"I'm already using a keyboard and mouse on PS4. I've seen it on both platforms and honestly, I wouldn't shell out the extra dough for a video card. You can plug in a keyboard and mouse to your ps4 I believe"
Wait until it's a spectre Minding my own business in Titanfall 2...
I hope not. Rumor is there is another tape coming out with Trump calling Obama the N Word.
"Yeah, but he gets a swastika to the forehead, basically telling everyone in the States that he's a Nazi. I think what he might be hinting at is that the Jew hunter gets away/credit. That or that upon rewatching the movie the bastard's are really a bunch of sadistic psychopaths who get their jollies torturing other people (and as a side note are completely irrelevant in the film)."
18 deckslots are too many Make the fandom angry with one sentence. I posted it on r/wanderoveryonder and it worked well so now i am posting it on other fandom subreddits i am subscribed to.
I feel the Nickleback hate was before the internet became vocal about it. We have to hate Nickleback too for some reason. Thanks Internet
James Paredes submissions101
"Nope, but I didn't shop around for a surgeon because I'm Canadian and I went to the same surgeon everyone goes to. So have you heard of him?"
Jap anus relations anal bum cover
As a single male I fail to see the problem here I had this chick named Nicole working for me who wouldn't stop sending naked photos to all our male clients.
Same Is this verified? Because I've seen my BFB go to 400k.
"yes, i saw the play from the ravens eagles preseason game. eh you are caught up on current events are you?"
I'm loving this new sound so far but I will **always** love *The Things We Think We're Missing* Balance and Composure - Afterparty
Thanks! Happy birthday!
"Ding, ding, ding, ding, dong! About the *machiiines* that make our civilization run and the people, whose ingenuity, created them."
"No es por ser mujer, es porque le gustan las mujeres Ehm... justamente, el femicidio es un crimen de odio por ser mujer."
"shut up meg ""I'm like super serious this time, last time was just practice"""
Thanks! I love your username!
"You're right that it was kind of dumb, but it wasn't lacking in tears. The best thing about this chatlog was Rork Paaltomo (AGAIN, JESUS HE'S IN EVERY ONE OF THESE DAMN LEAKS) bitching about how the UK is gonna ban long knives. The rest was kinda dumb, and lacked tears."
Wisconsin boys out here I'm not even from Cali I'm from Wisconsin lol.
"but wouldn't you just make an account solely to hunt her down? That won't help a single thing, MMK will just hire a private investigator to follow you every second until you make one tiny mistake and then he bans you for Bug Abuse Minor."
"Hey guys... look at me I died with my jugg. Even if you do die with them, you still got them and have bragging rights about getting them."
There are *dozens* of us! I really liked Spider-Man 3
I remember eating lunch at this exact spot something like 15 years ago! Where I fell in Love. (Pictured rocks UP Michigan)
Why do you think I stopped responding after my initial post ;) Obvious troll is obvious.
"The theory that Pearls are artificially created implies that they had/have a creat*or*- even if they're mass produced now. We know so little about Gem culture... it's entirely possible they could even worship living Gems, given their great power."
"Bye Philisha. Not yet but we should get out of there. The United States does a lot of good with it's military presence around the world, especially in the area of disaster relief. But it is a thankless task and in return people do nothing but shit on the United States for practicing ""imperialism"". Meanwhile every single thing that goes wrong around the world is indirectly the United State's fault. Don't want our help, fine goodbye. Have fun with China."
"Cool, how is being a henchman working out in this economy? The tunnel I go through to get to work every morning."
mirror anyone? How is this even possible?
"The technology is not yet there but nothing is off the table. I would love to have a search function in my Material Storage I mean, I have a search function in my inventory, my bank and in my wardrobe storage.. why not in my material storage? Especially now with so many new items the whole storage seems muddled up."
"What would you name them instead? Does anyone else think the track titles ""shake this feeling"" and ""when was the last time"" are a little cliche and sub par for them? Not the songs themselves... the songs are awesome. I just think they could've done a slightly better job naming them..."
"Shit my bad I ment the Galaxy sorry I wrote that really quickly I'm a believer that no question is a stupid question, but this is as close as you can get to a stupid question. No, there is a black hole at the center of our galaxy, but at the center of our solar system is a star, the sun."
"Says BC Strata act. Just because the strata has to (says who?), doesn't mean they do."
"Yeah, but Ferrari most likely wouldn't have won at Imola if not for the FOCA boycott. I was thinking about that car too. Ferrari would have won, if Zolder and Hockenheim hadn't happened, or for that matter, that race at Imola... The 126C2 showed Postlethwaite's genius."
Katie Thornton A satisfied cow and a very proud farmer
"Plus, they have scudetto winning winger, Marcelo Estigarribia - a recipe for success! Sampdoria is a pretty good team. They have a pretty good squad and a good coach. With that said Milan looked horrid. Defense was *alright*, but their wing play was horrible, and Pazzini didn't look very good when he came on. Prince was good towards the end of the game, and Montolivo was alright. I'd be worried though. Losing at home in the opening game to Sampdoria is not the most auspicious start to their campaign."
Fuck you were taking the soccer game foo'! Fuck Cal poly
"How many times have you thought about shredding a human being? My only task for the next 4 hours is to shred paper, and the machine keeps overheating. While it cools, AMA."
"Is it because of radical Muslims or...? As a local I gotta wonder how that was made... I've tasted traditional Zulu beer, not that stuff mind you, and it was bitter but weak. Where did you buy this stuff? Sadly, the warning label is a necessity. :-/"
i have under 100 nex kc actually Are you one of those long-forgotten nex prods? How are you man
"People can be do incredibly god damn stupid lol Some idiot tweeted at Activision Support earlier asking about PC updates and they got a response similar to ""We have no info on that"" and they freaked out, made a thread on here crying like PC wouldn't be getting updates."
"It's a good start though, what you're doing. Yeah..."
"It goes up with ult level, they changed it with the mage updates. Wait wtf did xerath just ult 4 times? I could of sworn it was only 3"
He's skinny-fat and he's sitting on a bump that pushes all the fat out to the side. Is it just me or are his thighs 2x bigger than his upper body would indicate?
"I got confused with the BF and her in the title, I was confused as to me BF means boyfriend. TIFU Telling my BF that I love her Yesterday I told my best friend that I love her. Sorry for my English. Foreigner We had a little fight about some people i do not like. She knows the whole story with this people but does not seem to care and shit. So I was Drunk she was Drunk and she allowed everybody to sign on her but and tits. You know I was really angry at this time. Did I mention that we did not talk this evening. A very important thing is that I did fuckin EVERYTHING for her. Buying medicine, listen to her no matter if I had time or not and shit. All in All the perfect friendzone soulmaate I told her sitting inside the bathroom next to my vomiting friend. I was like I am sorry and shit Her answer ""I know I am great"" DUDE it was so devastating. I send her voice messages how bad she treated me (beta AS fuck) I woke up 10minutes ago and I am the Bad boy now. Like wtf Told my Bf I love her She was like ""Yeah I know I am Great"""
Can you recommend a good one? I use VPN for everything. If your product won't work with my anonymity than good luck with that.
jew What do you call a person who works at a jewelry store?
"Maybe they bought too much camo. There really is a difference. If you don't think so, you're an idiot. You have your own trailer trash there, they just happen to live in the ""projects"" or the ""ghetto"" whatever it is that you call it. We happen to be defined by ours, whereas you in California are defined by the stupidity in which you guys spend money you don't have. How the hell to you bankrupt a state???"
"That may be true. If you think I missed something, I think you missed something."
"Because they're a souless corporation cashing in on selling ""a look"". I'm from the UK so have never visited a Hot Topic. Can a kind Yank explain why they are so frowned upon in the punk community for us uneducated Brits (insert nationality here)? I live in England and our ways of purchasing records/merch is fairly limited. I rely on local record stores to pick up most of my LP's otherwise I have to hope the band are selling them at their shows. I would like to know why Hot Topic gets such a grilling, thanks for any response!"
I'm going to need a source on that His research jumped the medical field 20 years ahead.
"What she was wearing underneath her clothes, I'd say. What was Victoria's Secret?"
"He'll become somebody's 72nd virgin! If you stay pure you'll get a special place for you in heaven! So keep it up, bro! And maybe try to get yourself a ministry"
"Having high functioning autism disqualifies someone from joining the armed services. Yeah, I feel for you. I've been in some MI units that earn their POG-Autism stereotype. You're in the unit that proves the stereotype of the entire QM branch."
Ugh... those toolbars How I feel about any freeware
"Make it a 4/5 Charge when winning, Taunt when losing."
Thanks! Thallassa has linked the best guide for you to use below . Look for the information about deleteing the NAVI info from tes5Edit and then reopening the file in the CK and saving it
"I can't believe it's 2016 and i'm still getting rick rolled. i was actually EXCITED to click that link, you know. i hate you."
i wish :( I lost a ranked game with 0 LP and got promoted. Anyone else experiencing promotion bugs? My 3v3 ranked team had 0 LP in Gold I. We lost a game pretty badly and got promoted to Plat V. (not that we're complaining) A friend of mine just won his promotion series in Silver IV and got promoted to Silver II. Has anyone experienced similar bugs?
"Yeah, it's like how men have nipples, women have the clit. Isn't a clitoris basically a nipple-sized dick? In an absurd generalization sort of way."
"When you're on the internet long enough, everything becomes a copy...of a copy...of a copy... When you're on the internet long enough, everything becomes a copy...of a copy...of a copy..."
With the collapsible scooter to go in the hatch? honda city 1987
"Makes sense in low traffic rural areas. On New Zealand roads, we share bridges/roads with trains."
OK Ok.
"Mora did probably kill Signus, but Arniel Gane had some sort of zero-sum experience. Thank you; I thought that Mora just killed Signus as he had filled his use and never did the questline with Gane"
"yes, we'll get 500 credits and be promised good dlc for battlefront 3. Do you think DICE will do a 1 year anniversary event for Battlefront? I know a couple of games do this sort of thing. Whether it be free new content like weapons, maps, or an announcement of some sort. What do you guys think DICE will do? My guess is just another double XP weekend. Though it would be really cool to get a free map of say, inside a Blockade Runner or Star Destroyer."
Use both hands. Amazing chest ahead.
You can not equip it but still use it to not set off proc if that is a concern Digital Extremes is not currently working on adjusting the way Syndicate procs work. Covert Lethality on the RaktaDD will be disappointing due to the fact the syndicate proc resets your stealth bonus and can alert enemies. Might still be fun for an Ash with the TP augment or Ivara or Equinox... but temper your expectations around the proc
This + it's everyone's fault but mine mentality because most humans are a bunch of assholes that lack any kind of logic.
Did you see this from that thread the other day? Macarena
The fact that they have a GS v MEM box on the top right corner of the screen annoys me to no end. Cleveland Cavaliers vs Chicago Bulls 8:30pm 4/9/16 (ABC) Let's put em' to bed boys.
"there's a lot of those ""journalists"" out there these days, eh? For the first few weeks, I kind of liked Piers... he had a faster paced show than Larry so it was a little more interesting. But, I'm sick of the guy now. He's just such as ass when he disagrees with someone. Most other journalists are more exploratory before telling someone they're wrong. Piers has such a big ego that it never crosses his mind that someone else might know more than him on a subject, so he doesn't bother asking the person more questions to find out if that's true or not."
"I saw them on Neptune Years ago, before it was cool. I have the vinyl bro!"
"Have you seen the amazing support Nintendo is giving to devs recalling for the WiiU eShop? Have you seen how you license a game for a Nintendo product? Nintendo charges far more than Sony or Microsoft, they give no support whatsoever to the developers, they lock the developer and publisher in a box when it comes to what content they can provide, etc."
"There is a difference between minimum wage increases and making sure children and elderly have access to food, shelter, and education. My point was that it's not people keeping others down. It's a confluence of global factors that makes life more expensive. Paying people more money tends to cause things to be more expensive rather than more affordable."
No. Or maybe he could try something with slightly less child abuse?
"Whenever I manage to flank a Panther II in my T95, I'm laughing like a maniac. Managing to flank in a heavy tank is tricky, but when it happens its so hilarious and rewarding. You did well to stay hidden from new tanks spawning in too."
People are a little more complicated than that. 1. Person A is monogamous. 2. Person A is in a relationship with Person B. 3. Person A doesn't like the constant reminder that Person B is sleeping around with multiple people because Person A is monogamous and not into that. 4. Person A may be worried of the danger of STDs with Person B sleeping around. It's not rocket surgery.
You should start doing it a midnight In all my years of disconnecting batteries and unplugging alarm clocks I've never had this sweet victory.
Maybe some color changing led ambients Needs better lighting.
Whisenhunt was good in '13. he was good in 13
"Well, let's not get too unskewy; we'll see how this result holds up against other Ohio polls and then we'll have a better idea where things stand! CNN Ohio poll 82% voters over age 50"
"but if you can get them all to scream it in hysteria, maybe 100 people will here it before you're killed I wouldn't even try...They would probably accuse me of being a witch after one accurate prediction and murder me."
"I keep hearing ""Moisen"" or ""Moisheen"" and I die a little inside. My anthropology professor referred to the Mosin Nagant as a ""Nugget"" today, so that was interesting."
"They are common on lush planets Easy way to find bugs for the bugs quest? I've been searching all of my nearby planets for bugs for a while now, but I haven't been able to find any."
lmao ayy
This one felt more like an aww video to me Bendy water
Well itll at least be easier to track down who stole something. Because Mars will have no criminals...
"Actually, unless he gave up a home run, his FIP could very well have improved while giving up 13 hits....which is why FIP is an awful statistic by itself and some people are fucking morons by treating it as a be-all stat Not sure how Harvey's numbers improved by giving up 13 hits but okay."
This will be max two or three shots from SB can't wait to try out the buffed swordbreaker on the cheese minotaur
I'm really happy this is catching on and I don't know why. Curry to the ref: you better respek my game
"Screw that, I'm crowd sourcing my decisions from Facebook and 1040 callers. Check Reddit and just do whatever the top rated posts are."
"If you don't mind me asking, what area of law do you specialize in? It's pretty bad. But it bottomed out in 2012, and things are getting better from what I can tell. Some people from my class gave up on law and moved on while others got stuck in the contract track. I did quite well In law school, so I'm personally doing fine, but I do still worry about my firm suddenly laying me off and having to scramble to find my next gig. And with today's market, I could preemptively find another job only to be laid off there a few months later. Unfortunately my area of specialty is slow right now, so there isn't a whole lot of job security. Though I am thinking about switching."
"As someone who has been physically inside of a tornado - I can say they're not pleasant. as someone who is also in the midwest, meh. in the midwest you kind of get used to everything on the east coast being blown to huge proportions. OMGTHERE'SAFOOTOFSNOWCOMINGTOWARDSUSEVERYTHINGISGOINGTOEXPLODE. meanwhile, in the midwest, we got 3 feet of snow from the exact same system, and the coverage was ""there's a cold front moving through the midwest""..."
"Could never figure out how to get fiat to them, oh well. ""From our perspective the most important and true superhuman power of Bitcoin is decentralizaton and that is it."" Cameron Winklevoss @SXSW"
"Same thing happened to me.I traded NA key for EU with PenguinVS , he gave me an EU key already in use and now he doesnt reply to my PMs.Fucking scammer... Do not trade beta kets with Crowler21"
Wank sock What inanimate object that you use on a daily basis would hate you the most if it were able to feel emotions?
The fact that they exist is reason enough. any reason to vandalise a police car is a good reason
Why do you say that? I'd probably roll with Wright.
"With this council, those hopes will go unrealized. I can't wait until the Uber/Lyft and short-term rental distractions are over with so the city council can tackle some real issues like traffic, property crime and the whole affordable housing versus density and historic homes battle."
"Genuine question because I'm about to stay in a hotel with mandatory valet parking - how much is reasonable to give someone for bringing or taking away your car? As a valet, can confirm. Assholes like to fold up their singles to make it look like more."
"So, your point is that what you said isn't related to the matter at hand? Exactly my point: It's absurd."
"And you guys lost today...I'd much rather lose in the playoffs than lose in the biggest stage by 2 touchdowns. Oh that's right I forgot you guys won that game against us? Oh wait, you didn't."
"Yes, same. Unable to connect Anyone else just get ""unable to connect"" when they try to log in?"
"You forgot ""do"", the way of. Loosely translated to ""hand and foot"""
I seen this in the human centipede. The elusive puppy centaur caught on film
"Let me pose a response for you smartass, go fuck yourself and enjoy your roller nerf Hmm, let me pose a response to you... who cares?"
Go back into your hole chasseur Cluster Fuck Emporium
"I read the title as Steam Roulette Comics: *Portal 2* so I stared at this for a good minute thinking ""I just don't get it...Where has the letter gone?"" Steam Roulette Comics: Postal 2"
for both or 2 CC3 each? 2c3?
"the hasta is great for dragons, cerb and vetion tho Bcp, Spear is only useful if you do Corp."
"The whole NL west could breath a little easier. I would just, that'd be the best. It would allow Timmy Jim to avoid retirement."
"Yeah, your friend. not true, my friend always paid extra for the guy to come to his house so they could fuck each other, he wasn't gay though so it's not the same as OP"
Not disagreeing but ghee is one step above butter - all the benefits without (almost) any of the drawbacks. Butter is worlds better than margarine; and if you dispute me I will fight you.
"As long as NATO is around, we'll be happy to offer a counterargument. Russia's border doesn't end anywhere, Vladimir Putin says"
"It's more accurate to say ""another reason people still won't buy it"". yep, there is no way to justify it, that is why no one bought it"
"This dude is ""that guy"" on your team in dota/league who throws because the team is losing a little. Trump imitates Clinton stumbling at 9/11 memorial"
"Excellent stuff, and cruelty free! It's a 10 leave in conditioner"
"Would someone with a Geiger counter hypothetically be able to identify such a shipment? yeah, the way the US moves (or at least used to) nuclear weapons is really incognito. Hidden in 18-wheelers with a very loose escort. The average person could be driving next to one and never know."
"I've got a great deal on these records from Bob Sacamano, boxes of 'em! Krame Impala"
"That must've been some rough sex to leave bruises like that. Korean massage, never again."
"Interesting, most things are designed with 16:9/1080p in mind, it seems that slight difference might make some things looks a little off. Some people have fancy expensive high-res monitors that do 1920x1200."
Know your limits and realize ours. Thanks. Of course everyone knows I was talking about the
"I saw that, which is why I was surprised that the entire plane once had square cabin windows too. Wrong windows, The ones being referred to are two windows that look up into the sky for navigation."
BEST. Best or Worst Skiing Video ever?
"do people seriously have to hate a great play just because Harden did it, just shameful He gets past like one guy, good move but this is some home commentator level exaggerating."
"Moves slowly, no movement abilities, lowest healthpool and isn't a good main healer. How does Zenyatta have over 600 votes for underpowered? He can kill heroes with 200 health in 2-3 hits. If anything he is way to OP for a support character."
"Everyone forgets Mobile, it's such a beautiful city too :(. In America, say goodbye to New Orleans, Miami, Corpus Christi, half of NYC, and some unexpected stuff like Sacramento. Florida and Louisiana will look drastically different. And it is literally of case of 5 to 10 years when that ice shelf falls out and raises sea level by 5 meters worldwide."
"gfycat urls are usually pretty humourous, but this IgnorantDangerousBigmouthbass takes the cake friberg has balls of steel"
Don't use locked canera Nausea from the new locked cam Any other locked cam users hate the new locked came angle?
Makes room for the winter break too. Id rather they do away with friendlies completely and make the season shorter.
"If and only if, he switches to reggaeton horns. I'm voting for Donald Trump's air horns."
So you just ripped this with Adjutant? Falcon found in Halo 4. Ported to Blender
Simple Reddit reasoning: Never let logic or facts get in the way of a cheap gag. In the 21ST Century?
Maybe this will create some actual jobs/internships for art students. Mark Richt sends a recruit a portrait of him in red and black.
"must be a squirrel. Kind of looks like the track pattern, but it climbs 25 feet up the tree and seems to travel from tree to tree. Makes me think it's a squirrel then, but the straddle is pretty far apart."
"I could honestly argue all 5 teams are defense first considering they are the 5 best defensive teams in the league right now by points, yardage, and PFF... Lol Ravens and Eagles are my two most likely candidates. Pats have won with 2nd and 3rd string QBs. They're not a QB dependent team. Vikings and Broncos are defense first. They're not an injury away from imploding. Ravens, if Flacco goes down they're fucked. Eagles, Wentz is the most likely person to suffer a non-injury related drop-off in production."
I can write programs in it but I'm definitely no expert. Yeah. Assembly is no mean feat.
"Ghost has a lot of satanic imagery. Anyone know any good Satanic-Themed Music? I've recently found a band called Behemoth. Their 2014 album, The Satanist, was a very good album and I was wondering if anyone knew of any music with a similar message?"
"Damn it, not even with mass denies and multikills on a same match I'm able to get a Heroic item. If you were watching in game then you're eligible"
"Well, America controls what happens in Palestine What about Palestine? the article is about Middle Eastern immigration to America,not to Palestine."
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA Amazing thumbnail. Why a monkey in Bihar is going after train drivers
"To be fair, Cooper didn't ask a stupid question. Louis CK is the Anti-Nostradamus in my favorite video of 2014."
"I dunno out of all the ""free"" games thus far I've enjoyed playing less than a handful... They're pretty shit choices tbh and that won't resolve for a few years when half decent titles can be offered. many - but not all. also yes you should buy ps+ because you will have more fun with all the games you get ""for free"" than a single game"
"He's the second African American male winner period unless I'm completely blanking on somebody More noteworthy--only ethnic minority male to win a majority white season _____ makes Survivor history... ...Jeremy makes Survivor history, joining Earl as the second African American male winner of Survivor with a unanimous vote. He has the most votes to win ever with 10. Also, let it be known I picked Jeremy to win for the sole reason that he was in both preseason commercials."
I'd say that was more lampoon than tabloid. And the Trump NAMBLA stuff wasnt tabloid?
*&amp;#42;snap&amp;#42;* Yes! Lookin' good!
"If only you were my ex... I feel the same way about the guy I broke up with 2 fucking years ago. My ex. I want to go out with her again, or at least talk with her, but I don't know if she doesn't like me or what."
Fair enough. Still a man and therefore the enemy
"Really cool looking, but would not want in game. 1920's Battleship Smoke Curtain."
What exactly was breached here? Where are the accusations of war crimes and Geneva Convention breaches? Any time the rebels post a video of an interrogation of a Ukrainian people are howling from the rafters. Could the bias on this sub be any more clear?
"That too. Honestly, you don't even have to go that far. Even *if* she has a legitimate copyright/trademark claim, what are her damages? How was she actually harmed, and how much money is she owed? $1 Million? $100,000? $10,000? $1,000? $500 (most fees make even this amount of money not worth pursuing)? I think he's probably being a dick to her, but imo there are no damages and therefore nothing to sue for. This is why legal advice from amateurs sucks."
"There's a ton of anti-Obama propaganda all over the place, even in the menu. I can't say I'm really surprised. Especially that the owner blames the government for his own actions."
"Reload always hits the right spot! Dare you - Hardwell And though it was hella overplayed, I still have a soft spot for Reload."
Winter is nature's natural cleansing of the weak Shhh! Don't tell anyone or else the cities will be flooded with even more wimps from the west coast who can't handle the winters.
"One thing i would say as a positive about these knock offs is that they're good for working out if a soecific device will fit you well/be what you're looking for, saves spending the big bucks just to find out for some reason it doesn't suit you The catch is those savings are coming from somewhere. Inferior or even toxic materials, inferior design, slave or child labor.. If you want quality, it costs money. Better to save up and buy a real chastity cage than waste your money on trash, especially trash that's going to be in close contact with your genitals for hours, days, or weeks at a time."
"I never thought of this.. Now I will. You can easily stream TYT on YouTube as well. They provide live election results there. They're obviously biased towards Bernie, but they do a great job giving factual insights"
"HEY HEY YOU YOU, YOU SHOULD GET A NEW ONE! Thats why you replace the song file with the only song everyone secretly wants to hear. HEY HEY YOU YOU I DON'T LIKE YOUR GIRLFRIEND."
"Wow, they know what a parabola is? Yea, I get the same reactions. I live in Canada, where people tend to feel the same way with respect to math. All I hear is ""Oh math? You must be so smart"" or ""Oh math? I hated parabolas"". Well, I hated learning about quadratic functions too, and as much as I hate to say it, I am not a genius. I'm not sure what I can say to people to convince them that math is not something you become good at by divine intervention. But, until I find something I can say, I'll just play up the brooding genius angle on dates."
Why would they have you getting married in scouts? Man in scouts we had to tie knots and shit.
"That would be too right wing. No papers, no entry"
I'm always disappointed we can't zoom in on these pictures. Red Bull RB10 - 'S-duct' packaging
"But I thought the post said it *does* matter if it gets you off, specifically, it matters that you don't give it to children. ""hey, if it gets you off...then what does it matter?"" is my new motto"
"You say that, but do you have an actual source for your claims? Let me ""redpill"" you on South Africa my friend. During apartheid (1948-1994) 21000 people were killed in political violence. 8580 of those were confirmed to be blacks killed by other blacks. 4902 ,more were killed by unknown people, but presumed to be by other blacks as well. ANC necklace killings etc. 7518 deaths are attributed to the apartheid government, and that includes the Angolan war. 13482 blacks were killed by other blacks, not by the apartheid government. 7518 blacks were killed by the white apartheid government. NOW, since 1994 over 70,000 whites have been murdered by blacks in South Africa. And apartheid is what gets made out to be ""evil"". Go figure."
"interesting info, thanks. Not sure about the reasons, but there were no George V crowns minted with the Pistrucci St George. The other, rarer George V crowns had a wreath and crown design. After 1902 the Pistrucci design was only used once more on a crown in 1951 for the George VI Festival of Britain commemoratives."
A jury thought otherwise. Actually retards he was arrested for driving his friend to go pick up seven pounds. His friend testified that mizanskey wasn't even aware that they were buying pot.
Ah cuzzin
"ya that would help it would help a lot youre really helpful u know It helps ALOT if you speed up ST Han to 232 as he will act before any of the droids, and his taunt will give everyone 30% TM so Palp only needs to be 163."
You don't need it though. I agree with you here. I guess it comes down to how much you're willing to suspend your disbelief. Certain features add to one player's immersion while robbing it from the next. As for the dual-wielding? Better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it--in my opinion.
"Thanks mate. Yeah, you need to just give the landlord a call and let them deal with it. I had a friend who went through the same thing and I think they bleached the pipes and it was better? That's OK. Just thought I'd ask since you mentioned it. If you ever *do* want to talk about it, you know how to PM me. I hope things start looking up for you soon. (:"
Ben Affleck is in part Excecutive Producer on Justice League to add pieces that will link to his Batman's solo movie. Why more Batman?
He wants the boys to talk to him now Just so fucking sick of it.
"Well it is pretty annoying when women do that. Well here is a better way of looking at it. Whenever a girl posts something and shows her face in it (like if she made a reddit shirt or whatever), most reddit guys shit a brick and claim the ladies only want attention."
Maybe they just pull them out of a hive to display during the day? Interesting. Any idea on what the bees are fed or is there some sort of vent to let the bees out to gather pollen?
"That move away from the good old huge tits, silicone lips and long blond hair combo ... I think that opened up some great opportunities. Jesus...these porno girls are just getting too beautiful. You younger kids just don't understand. The girls were hot back in the day, but they weren't these flawless alabaster goddess nymph chicks like they've got today."
"I have this same exact setup without the extender. When the video card fan fails, but the card still works fine"
"I don't understand what any of that means but it still pumps me up Rolo on twitter ""Excited to be part of the #Knicks legacy! It's going to be like ""On the Town"" but w/way more box outs &amp; dunks"""
SI This makes no sense
it will have to be much later PM me when you're online
"Funny a lot of companies have been doing that lately. Rebranding efforts mean exactly that. If they were a spaghetti sauce company, what they're talking about isn't changing their recipe, it's swapping out the cartoon on the label."
About 4 weeks ago Wait. When did Brook appeared on One Piece? Haven't been watching. I'm talking about the lineup promo.
"It's that but it's also the fact that an lol worthy Navi played on nuke...have they ever/do they even play nuke? As I responded to another commenter, they are weirdly inconsistent right now. I think this tournament will dictate a lot of trades in the coming weeks."
"Whew, good to know as I was only pulling it down maybe 3/4 of the way because I needed to land quickly but didn't want it to come falling out of the sky! Yes, you can pull the left stick all the way down. The propellers should only shut off once its on the ground."
All x10 rates is a bait. This smells of bait
They don't want to be in stem they want to do jackshit but get paid like they have actual skill. Yet want to be in STEM. Apparently they can't spell either since the M means math
Aw snap... Floyd Mayweather's Punch-Out!!!
Super Smash Bros Slight Disagreement Super Smash Brothers Rumble
"And you forgot to mention how Putin said in 2003 he pan to sell Oil for Euro/Ruble. Its because US currency is tied to oil, which means U.S. has to keep invading and destroying the countries that want to go off the Dollar and use alternative currencies for oil trade. Russia wants to run a gas pipeline through Syria and into E.U. the same Syria which also wants to get off the USD for oil deal. Also ISIS is thrown in there and you have a hell of a mess. Meanwhile, fucking China is plotting a massive takeover that NO ONE is talking about. They are literally buying up Hollywood studios, key financial sectors, land, resources all over the world and have a cultural program where they send intelligence operatives to intermarry woman in influential positions all over the world and creating a mixed race to hedge their bets"
"awwwww rest in peace nitro grandpa Nitro's dedication to his grandpa in, ""Soldiers"". Thought it was worth sharing."
"Backily the broke fall his luck. Actually, I think the fall broke his back."
"Or when Scalia, a hunting and fishing buddy of Dick Cheney, refused to recuse himself in Bush v Gore and cast the deciding vote. All these conservatives salty about Ginsburg were rather silent when Scalia and Thomas took gifts from a group funding the Citizens United litigants and failed to disclose."
"And I'm just sitting here, stuck with 4.4.4. Hints of Android 5.1.1 Start Popping up in the Android SDK Manager"
"Does it matter if both definitions fit? I can't tell if you intended to write 'torturous' as in 'excruciatingly painful' and made a typo, or if you actually do mean 'tortuous' as in 'long and complicated'."
"Wow didn't peg Clarkson as being that tall. Clarkson is 6'5"" and he drove the lotus T125 so you (and I, being 6'4"" too) could fit in one if you take the seat out and fill it with padding."
noice and floooowy....Artem! Everyone in the Grizzlies office has adopted a new walk today
"If only the source had been something reliable, like a Youtube video... It's happening in Greece you retards, this is reverse psychology propaganda."
Calm down Jaden. Wouldn't we have then evolved to hear nothing
And the legitimacy of my original comment is further backed up :D Well then I stand corrected.
"I'm not their owner, I'm their bro. Vegan pet owner? no such thing It's my personal opinion that pet ownership isn't vegan. That it does more harm than good even in most cases of ""rescuing"" (I wish there were bigger scare quotes than that) these animals. But I'd be an asshole if I stated my opinion that way. It's not going to change anyone's opinion. It will only serve to offend people reading it who disagree with me. And it also makes me the arbiter of how words are used and what they mean. It's arrogant and pretentious. And it would be even worse if the people I was attacking weren't going to read it to defend their position. At the same, making the argument ""I don't think you should do x"" to someone who does x and providing good reasons can be very productive. And doesn't personally attack someone and their view of theirself."
Especially since we would have destroyed the Rockies like the Red Sox did. I'm STILL bitter about 2007. I want revenge.
i love me some hot slogs. thanks man
Now waiting for the pic on the way down My friend and I bonded with complete strangers by taking an extreme and spontaneous selfie while trekking up the 162 foot incline on a roller coaster.
"Undergraduate University tuition for some is already that amount in Ontario. It's sad to see smart leaders have to go because the common people don't understand the issues we face. Do people think no more Wynne will mean no more expensive hydro, and that ending our transit initiatives and just building more highways or something is going to work better? Oh well, bring on the next scapegoat. Just please let me graduate before Patrick Brown decides post secondary education should be completely unsubsidized and uni tuition becomes $25k a year."
"But their hiding isn't perfect, because you can get around it with the ocular implant things, plus repeated usage of their technique messes up people's heads too much. They're hiding in plain sight since you forget about them"
"Bandos boots is better than steadfast tho Bandos boots are part of the Bandos armour set, which requires 70 Defence to wear. They are dropped by General Graardor and his sergeants in the God Wars Dungeon. They are classed as Power armour. The boots are commonly used for protection against Bandos followers. Wearing these boots will prevent followers of Bandos from attacking players in the God Wars Dungeon. After the release of the Evolution of Combat, the price of Bandos boots reached over 2 million coins in the Grand Exchange. They are now considered to be the fourth best boots for melee in game after Torva, Steadfast and Emberkeen boots."
100% agreed. Admitting them to NATO was a massive error.
"So, -44 degrees in total. For 80 proof vodka, that's about -27 degrees centigrade, and about -17 degrees farenheit."
"in the end, ur just a fukin autist u tried so hard and got so far"
"I'm envisioning a model similar to the community owned Green Bay Packers or Saskatchewan Roughriders.... skill-based appointments and salaries would be determined through shareholder priority voting. It costs tons to actually buy then fund the company once you did buy it. Also, who would run it? There has to be a final decision maker at the top. I doubt there is anyone available who we could all agree on."
"Don't you just mean married? They will defiantly sit on the courtroom steps, refusing to get gay married."
"Okarin would introduce a new type know as MAD SCIENTIST BB: ITS SOOO COOOOOOL SBB: SUNUVABITCH Steins; Gate, goddamit! Fire Kurisu Water Mayushii Earth Shizuka Thunder Faris Light Ruka Dark Moeka Okarin"
with the best coach as well. we are the best team in the nba
You live in Dallas. You seem like a lot of fun
At the Bellaire blvd Kim Son All you can eat: snails
"Article IV is talk, Article V is action. Lithuania and Latvia already invoked Nato article 4 which allows them to act as if one of the Nato members is attacked. The US and UK as well as Russia all have agreements with Ukraine guaranteeing their sovereignty. Russia violated this. We need to act."
"I personally just leave the HE cars at 200K and 5.5mill since I did get them for free so I'm not bothered about making a ""profit"" on it. Advice on auctions? I know that you can often get cars for much cheaper prices on the auctions so I don't need help there, but my problem is that I want to *sell* some of my cars I got I tried to get rid of some HE cars I got in wheelspins and that I probably won't ever need anyway (BMW M3, Mercedes-Benz C Class and that Subaru that nets you a drift skill bonus) in order to improve my finances, but every time I put them on the auctions they never get sold I was able to get rid of my Metro 6R4 HE and a Viper HE after days of trying, but they only went for 200k/385ksomething each which is pretty awful regarding **I** always have bets going into the millions when I want to buy a HE car Is it my settings that are wrong? I usually offer them for 200k and don't touch the instant-sell price at 5.5 million so it seems appealing to people and set the time to 3 hours Or am I just putting them online at bad times where nobody can see them? Or are the cars in particular just not wanted?"
Playgrounds. where do single older men hangout?
"Despite the downvotes, the reality of the situation is that play was huge. Someone had to do it with all the heat the guy gets."
Which video is this from? LINUS WHY
But why male models? This guy on the F1 coverage just now.
NOW **THIS** IS POD RACING After endless attempts
"I think Reddit is a pretty cool guy, eh collects upvotes and doesn't afraid of anything But have you heard of Reddit? He is really brave and doesn't scared of anything."
"GayLubeOil... It all makes sense now Does that mean that when terps say only men are capable of unconditional love, they mean men are always up for receptive anal sex?"
"Follow up question: Which came first, the doctors or the babies? If doctors deliver babies, where do doctors come from?"
"Why is it backwards? TIL When worn on deployment, US Flag patches on uniforms are infrared so soldiers can be identified as friendly by others looking through night vision goggles"
"I don't know if it's a bug or if you just messed up something, but it sounds like you need to load a save and try again. Griffith Park bug? Never finished W2 before the DC, so I""m not sure if this is a bug or I screwed something up. So, I was doing the God's Militia quest trying to get ascension mcdade to the top so there could be a partnership with veronica. I exposed the mayweather guy and there was the cutscene. Mcdade had asked me to be involved in the fight but I wasn't in the room for the cutscene and couldn't do anything. I had asked mcdade for access to the radio tower before the quest finished. So mcdade wins and i figure i have access to the radio tower. I go outside and the guys who were protecting the eye accuse me of standing idle during the fight; they attack. Then the rest of the camp attacks. The gate guard for the radio tower has no dialogue options and clicking on him does nothing. Did I screw something up? is this a bug? Not sure what happened."
"Seriously, what other money system could we have? 'human money system' Sounds like something an ALIEN would say."
No problemo! Apologies. I replied to the wrong post.
"I mean they weren't wrong imo... I remember when Lorde was starting out she posted ""Royals"" in a Reddit music thread to hear feedback and they completely trashed it."
"Pffft, just tune your 6 string BEADGb and tuff it out. Metalhead guitarist problems"
I wish my wife would understand this. What's better than 50% off?
"What if this wasn't the 80th time this has been asked. What if Senna hasn't died? So I was wondering, if Senna hasn't died would he still be considered as the best in history. For instance, if Alonso dies at a race would people consider him equal to Senna?"
"Would you truly count a Mormon to be a Christian? That is interesting, didn't Mr. Smith also get his information from an angle of light?"
"Just wait until election season... theyre more focused on controlling the race narrative atm, dont have much time to work on the rape narrative"
I wonder what they make you drink to believe so wholeheartedly in government. username checks out.
"Who upvotes screenshots of Twitter exchanges between random people and why should we care? ""The inhuman cruelty of Libertarianism""...129 million were killed by Marxist regimes."
"Am 22, can confirm that I don't give a shit. Thank you for your made up demographics. All the people I know who are most passionate in their hatred for this man are over 40. 16-25 year olds wouldn't watch the show (they are most likely on youtube etc) and are notorious in their apathy."
I liked that! Coolest Pro-Gun Campaign Ad- Jason Kander
"Its like something right out of a scifi novel. A $35 overdraft fee on $300 pulled at an ATM until payday one week out equates to a 600% per year interest rate, yet they're not targeting banks."
"Now I remember the famous Halo character shot in the head when they were teased the release of Ho er A few years ago when it was being very actively developed, PA was the best around. It altar everything that CM had, plus they came out with a lot of extremely revolutionary features that worked great. Hover (I think it was called... The successor to Halo, another insanely revolutionary feature) was essentially today's Heads Up, but before Heads Up was developed. It was also crazy stable and insanely fast."
"Let's be honest, it's always those damm copts isn't it? Jains, definitely jains"
Does she realize there have been black dolls and Barbies for several decades now? the most childish shit i've ever seen
"It was a joke man, relax. Can you provide a source? Or are you just going to continue to perpetuate the trend of incorrect facts to spread more rumors?"
The successful should contribute their fair share back into the system that made them successful I don't understand your logic. Why should we punish the successful?
Best Europe As a dane i am not really sure if i am a part of the smart europe or the gay europe
"It gets replaced What if I get a portion of the way through the game and decide to redeem, what happens to my current ship?"
"Let's be honest... We all knew this was coming... Please stop leaving matches if somebody has already picked Sombra And if all you want to do is play Sombra and nothing else, **don't go to Quick Play**. The chances of you getting to play her there are low, just accept that. Either stack up with 5 other people or go play on no limits. Only play QP if you are prepared to play somebody other than Sombra. I've been in so many matches where my team has been at a huge disadvantage because we are short in numbers, which is not ideal for testing out playing Sombra, playing with Sombra, and playing against Sombra. I get that you want to try her out yourself, but learning how she works on your team or how she works on the enemy team is just as important. And I know PTR doesn't really matter that much to you, but that's no excuse for hindering other peoples' experience."
"i don't care what anyone says, Lovie deserves a statue for this Putting in backups after the 1st/2nd quarter. Best move Bucs have ever made."
If wish we could bet on this. I doubt self driving cars will even be a real thing (without having a manual override option at the very least) for at least another fifty years.
Totally missed stone cold stunner opportunity Comedian kicks 60 yr old heckler
"Made a mistake, fixed it, thanks for heads up. Ehm shadow clan need 15 000 samples, not 5000. Good for you, in the only one active in shadow clan..with 500 samples in inventory, while racking over 1k hours."
"Copper? or you just flank blackbeard, it wasn't ever that hard the maps have loads of run out points"
"No, the key is what grants garden access, not the throne. Throne of the lion Will the throne grant me access to the garden if I buy it from AH and equip it?"
"it's not in console for ESEA pugs but you can type .hp in chat to get your damage dealt/received Hmm okay. I know in a lot of Pugs the damage done is hidden(ESEA,ESL)"
Get help Gushes? More like after he tentacle rape's her he spits in her face to lube up the skull fucking that's about to occur
"Thank you. Putin needs false flags for his tyrannical impositions. The elite can't just go around pointing this stuff out. It's why the NSA works. Blackmail. Fraud. It's all a great gig if you can get it. I mean, Feinstein and McCain and others have been at the seat of power for decades. They can't call each other out for the obvious and colossal criminality they engage in daily."
"Maybe on 5 star it is a giant robot Sean Murray that yells ""Why must you destroy everything I've worked on?"" Interested about the sentinels. Im wondering what will happen if you actually get up to five stars, as that has not been shown (as far as I know) It seems like in most videos that showcase sentinel fights (would post links but im on mobile) the character dies fairly easily. So are there like huge sentinels? Maybe sentinel fleets? Or will it just be the large sentinel models, and little drones weve seen, but in large numbers? Will you have the help of your extraterrestrial friends to fight them off? Just a thought."
"Read ""The Grand Chessboard"". The estimated amount of casualties as a result of The War on Terror"
"Sold by third parties. Can anyone explain Amazon's pricing to me? Within a one-week period, the price of a makeup mirror I bought went from $162 to $196 to $126."
"Yep, I hate the Clintons, and all despotic demagogues alike but your comment pretty much nails it. Haaaaaaaa Haaaaaaaa Haaaaaaaa!!!!"
Don't really want to post there anyway... auto-banned from OMC
"YOU DIED, mothafucka Baked Pies, mothafucka"
"Given my bi-monthly calls to demand they fix the poor excuse they call services, Im honestly not surprised... Comcast is Down"
How many fingers am I holding up? I just found out I'm colorblind It came out of the yellow.
"Actually, the form, not the names, appears earlier in the *Critique of Pure Reason*, in the Table of the Logical Forms of Judgment. Because it's not Hegel's dialectics. The form you are talking about first was mentioned by Kant in the Antinomies in his Critique of Pure Reason (sans the synthesis). Later German idealists fleshed out the thesis antithesis synthesis form; Hegel however developed his own system."
"They're exciting, Dan! I like the super hype casters"
"""He couldn't see through his white male privelage and this is the consequence for it"" -Salon/CNN/MSNBC/Facebook Van Explodes After Ramming Australian Christian Lobby Office in Canberra"
"They also have a reference to this scene in The Evil Within during one of the first enemy encounters. The First ""Zombie"" *RE7 Demo Spoilers*"
It was bound to happen anyway. No. He wouldn't. Hulk finally got around to de-hulking all the other red green and blue asshole versions of himself. Now there's another one. Fuck it.
Why do they look like cardboard cutouts RIP
"I'm just confused why they buffed him when he was already one of the best tanks. The change to his ultimate is the biggest one. He instantly clones the target of his ultimate, and they do good damage and have good health. If the clone dies, then Gerber gets stunned. I think the clones were made too powerful. The deflect is the other one that has made a difference. Mira+Pandarus no longer destroy him as quickly."
Dez Bryant When has moving up in the draft really paid off?
No this is Patrick no he's a person
Take good care of your luck should you have any. Take...luck
...Yep. ... Eh.
"I understood that reference If he dies, walk it off."
"You forgot Firewire, came before the storm. iCloud, Thunderbolt, and now Lightning. Coincidence? And we're making it rain on Apple. Sorry, I'll leave now."
"YER A LEGEND 0'46""53 - MikeC's run/guide with shortcuts + super cannon!"
why did you like it? R.I.P Trilby - Lost but never forgotten
"Shouldn't this be the headline every time a gun shop owner refuses to sell a gun? Gun shop owner refuses to sell gun to eligible customer, possibly prevents mass shooting"
I took this last night. 23 hours still?!?
Everything is a bed if you are cat enough. i am cat; you are bed
"Or skates it, rather ;-) i watched it a couple of times before i noticed that. yeah, she walks that tight rope."
"Can confirm, people in high ELO also suck at him. I mean, if Yasuo was his best champ then why was he feeding? People are bad at Yasuo. The only people who are good at him are people in high elo and smurfs. Every single one I see in low elo goes 1:1 on every kill or worse."
"Hanging around you? If you have a chronic problem with people calling you racist, it might be an indication of something."
"Somehow, my days are better now. Rock, paper, take of all your clothes."
"I wonder if they're gonna hang out with Kadyrov So that's where Werdum, Weidman and Mir were heading! I thought they were heading there, but Mir saying ""Vladikavkaz"" confused me"
"Nope, Ontario. Alberta?"
"Oh boy, you're in for some downvoting... First it was racism and misogyny, then came the I am not a Role Model defense, then they blame the current meta for getting rekt, now they're caught cheating. How much further will Monolith go? As the title says, we've seen a slew of racist and misogynistic comments (or ""jokes,"" but i doubt many rape victims would find what ppd and fear said to be funny) from Evil Geniuses during professional matches. Charlie Yang immediately pulled the ""We are not role models"" defense and even found a neat commercial from the 90s featuring Charles Barkley to make his message seem more publicly acceptable. We see PPD blaming his failures as a captain on IceFrog and the current meta, and not his own inability to adapt to or predict his opponents. Now they've been caught breaking tournament rules, or, cheating, as it is defined. Its like the classic ""Senator's Son"" scenario in which the golden boy becomes corrupted and delinquent yet everyone in a position to do something looks the other way because they are too afraid of the loyal masses who don't really care to reexamine their beliefs but would rather just keep having faith in what they already know. People are literally afraid to stand up to EG's amoral and unethical behavior simply because they are such a big name. Hell, even charlie can't control his own boys because he's too afraid of the fact that they could simply shit-can him without a second thought if all 5 players agreed to it. I wish i didn't live in North America where we are currently represented by a scummy organization like Evil Genuises"
"Don't do this here, not like this... Worlds Largest Functioning Whoopee Cushion"
"Sure -- on the overall time-scope for the mission, but you're not going to send a crew to the Moon to make their own fuel for four years and then send them off to Mars... ;) Splitting up processes, and unmanned pre-supply launches are exactly the way to cut down on what's probably the most expensive part -- the life support. Well if you think about the current mars missions. They want to send the things their first. And then send the crew once the thing is already filled up. So you could say, send it up as a drone and send another mission to man the craft once its refueled. Have another one doing the same thing at duna. Whole thing would take... 8 years of refueling add time to travel etc. we have a 10 yearish time to set up and launch. That seems pretty realistic to me."
"I drive from budock water to helston everyday and the amount of terrible driving i see is beyond belief.not just how fast its how stupid people are.overtaking on a blind bend or up a hill i see pretty much everyday. Open letter to the residents and visitors of Cornwall I live in the southwest of Cornwall and work with traffic accidents as part of my job. I won't tell you the job. You're smart enough. You'll figure it out. The area I'm primarily talking about in this open letter is between Falmouth and Penzance, up to Land's End, but it is probably relevant to the rest of Cornwall and I know it is relevant to the north coast directly opposite the areas above (St Ives etc). Two things, people of Cornwall and visitors to Cornwall: FFS SLOW DOWN. STOP STUPID OVERTAKING. Yes, I used all caps. I'm angry. I'm not supposed to get angry. I'm supposed to just take it as part of my job. That's why this is anonymous. I'm not allowed to scream this stuff into the faces of the people I routinely come into contact with on a daily basis. So I'm screaming it from here in the desparate hope that the right person will read it and it might just change things for one family. I just came away from yet another fatal road traffic accident caused by overtaking and speeding. So another son or daughter, another father or mother, brother or sister, husband, wife, girlfriend or boyfriend has been wiped out. Another family will get a visit today, on this beautiful sunny Saturday, from the police and will learn that the person they love is dead. Why? Because some people drive a car and think that car makes them somehow special; somehow exempt from rules put there for a reason. They think it is ok to overtake on a blind bend. They think it is ok to overtake where there are double white solid lines down the middle of the road. They think it is ok to overtake in a 30mph zone when the car in front is driving at the speed limit... Because some people drive motorcycles and those people are convinced they are in the TT, convinced they are invulnerable, perhaps reliving their heady youth (who the fuck knows or cares). Maybe they *are* invulnerable, somehow immortal and it just hasn't been put to the test yet for them. Whatever their case is, I guarantee everyone else is not invulnerable and when a motorbike travelling at 70-90mph connects with the front of a car travelling at 60mph in the opposite direction, the result is beyond description. We all know how frustrating it is to get stuck behind a tractor. We all know how annoying it is to be in a hurry and find yourself behind someone doing the speed limit. Yes, it is frustrating. Yes, it is annoying. Deal with it. There are worse things in life. Let me tell you about some of them, just for the sake of perspective. Three cars, one was overtaking on a bend, double white solid lines too. Didn't matter to them. Sometimes I wonder, do they just go for it when they feel the moment is right? ""Now is the time GO!"" it seems that way. Here two drivers were just driving. There's a head without a body. The body is still sitting behind what's left of the wheel. Sitting is a nice word to use really because I never saw someone sit like that. Seeing the look on the face staring at the sky - beautiful blue sky with scudding clouds, what could be bad on a day like that? - looks like they were alive for a bit after they hit the tarmac. What would go through your mind? Just a regular bloke. Someone's husband. Someone who went to the pub, watched TV, had opinions, laughed, cried, worried about their mum, mowed the grass, wondered about the meaning of life... now a head in a road because double solid white lines didn't apply to someone. I'd rather sit behind a tractor for a month. Not all cars have airbags. The steering column can do astonishing things to the human head. Here's one: car overtaking another car in a 30mph zone. Overtaking at approximately 50mph in order to get ahead. Overtaking outside a petrol forecourt entrance, a car coming out on the other side of the road. Driver looking the wrong way. Understandable really. Wasn't expecting 50mph car to be bearing down the wrong way. It's important to always look both ways. But not as important as it is NOT TO OVERTAKE IN A FUCKING 30MPH ZONE. See, I'm not afraid to yell. Getting yelled at or hearing the F word isn't as bad as seeing somebody's face split in half down the middle, the two sides open like the petals of some hideous flower, flopping sideways. Like a horror film under there. The eyes meet mine and though they can't speak there's eloquence in those eyes. Eloquence beyond words. I guess you don't understand fear until you've been the soul behind those eyes. I hope for your sake that soul is never you. Because I imagine the feeling is worse than being stuck behind a driver doing the speed limit when you're a few minutes late for an appointment. Yeah, I'm trying to make you vomit. Because what I see as a result of people blithely ignoring road safety makes me want to vomit. I don't actually get sick from seeing blood and death but seeing somebody cheapen the value of another human life makes me sick to my stomach. Slow down. Stop overtaking on blind bends. Stop overtaking where there are double white lines in the middle of the road. Stop overtaking when you can't see what's coming in the other direction. Don't overtake if doing so requires you break the speed limit. JUST DON'T. Should I beg? Do I have to resort to that? Fine. I'm begging you, from the bottom of my soul, with everything that I am, please don't do it. An addendum, for motorcyclists. The official line is this: drivers don't look out for bikes nearly enough. The unofficial truth is this: motorcyclists speed routinely on Cornwall's roads. For some reason the coastal roads are the worst. The level of irresponsibility and disregard for human life is simply revolting. Repugnant. 70-100mph in a 30mph zone simply because the engine is powerful enough to achieve such speeds? And many of you doing this, I know, are grown men in their late 30s, 40s, 50s even. You have children. You have grandchildren. Have you seen what happens to a child when the front wheel of a motorcycle connects at 70mph? Would you wish that on your own child? Your own grandchild? Would you wish the horror, the hell, the devastation beyond compare or description, that you would suffer if that happened to your kid or your grandkid on another man? You do so, every time your power up and beyond the speed limit. It's gone far enough. I don't want to see any more. That's it."
"allons-y ""Are you my mummy?"" """"Why yes I am!"""
"I AM! So, the dog becomes the dog owner. Your Yorkie was literally making you go fetch. Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy?!"
In the worse ways. Smoooooth
Everyone should love this much! I honestly can't tell if this is a joke for Christians or just gospel stuff. I've never heard something so morbid.
"Yes....I thought I was the only one *cries Any other fantasy nerds find themselves constantly explaining that they don't watch/read Game of Thrones? This isn't a thread to talk about WHY I don't like Game of Thrones. This is more a thread about how I get asked pretty often if I watch it/like it, I have to say I don't, and then I get a ""Really? Why not?"" and I find myself trying to explain it. Game of Thrones is currently what most people associate with fantasy right now so therefore if you're into fantasy, you MUST be into Game of Thrones. I'm a big fantasy nerd, I happen to work with a lot of other nerds of varying degrees, people just assume then that I therefore must be into Game of Thrones. Except, I'm really not. Anyone else have this experience? It's starting to get to the point where I want to say ""Too much sex and violence!"" as my reason just to shut down the conversation even though that isn't really why I'm not into it."
So long as they covered their basics... They didn't have to; turns out she was made of wood. Or very small pebbles.
"it's offensive because it's pointing out that ""black lives matter"" is stupid, and how dare anyone put down black people yet again suggesting they don't matter? Saying that all lives matter is offensive now. We've reached a new low."
"YOU KILLED A DOG YOU MONSTER My speed run of Dan's final prison, what's yours?"
Thanks ;) took me long time to decorate ;) It's very festive! ;)
They've started sliding down the table so Hank and Trent have picked up the Leicester flairs. I have seen a decline in Palace flairs recently
"Most liberals agree with him (bernie), im far left and always against mergers Bernie Sanders:The administration should kill the Time Warner-AT&amp;T merger. This deal would mean higher prices and fewer choices for the American people. So he agrees with Trump.. I knew he's a closet Trump supporter! :)"
"Beastyqt beat Polt in a game in last week's Gauntlet Cup with a Raven/Blue Flame/Viking build, was pretty cool. Even if it's Skyterran rather than Mech, it's super sick to see something other than Bio + X viable at such a high level! The more viable compositions for all the races, the better!"
he is very passionate about performing Billie Joe Armstrong faux-masturbates and moans into the mic on stage at multiple shows
"I had Chase Elliott land on me during a practice session at Pocono once I've raced against Bobby Labonte, AJ Allmendinger, William Byron, Josh Berry, Parker Kligerman, Timmy Hill, and Ty Majeski. The only one I had a bad experience with was Byron."
"So are we still supposed to fire Therrien for benching Semin? Montreal Canadiens vs Edmonton Oilers: Official Game Thread - October 29, 2015 ###Montreal Canadiens vs Edmonton Oilers , October 29, 2015 - 9:00 PM EST ###Please remain civil and report comments that violate the posting guidelines."
The difference being adults should know better. I guess that makes this totally okay then! People love to deflect on every single one of these stories. A college across the country did something stupid so let's focus on that instead of kids being targeted with bigotry.
"Honestly wouldve done the same thing people always say that violence is not the right thing but the fact is if you want people to stop messing with you it's your best option. TIFU by dislocating a little kid's thumb and giving him a black eye with a huge stick. Okay, so this didn't happen today, but it was recent. So there I was, walking down the street, when a wild stray cat appears. It starts rubbing my feet and, since I love cats, I pet it. Suddenly, a pack of third graders appears from nowhere and threatens me with a large wooden stick for petting their cat. Now, the cat was clearly stray and had no collar, so it wasn't my fault. I told them this, and they started letting loose some colorful language. I decided to tell their parents what they were saying, and on my way to their house (everyone in the neighborhood knew where each other lived), I was hit in the back with a rock. I turned around and ducked just as a rock flew above my head. Those goddamn kids were throwing rocks at me, so I declared war and charged. Most of the kids were intimidated (I'm a 9th grader), but two dumb-looking ones (one of whom was holding the stick) held their ground and continued throwing rocks. While I charged, I was hit by two rocks, but I continued running. I leaped on one of the kids and punched him in the face, and he started crying. The one carrying the stick ran away, dropping it in the process. I turned around to leave, but I heard him get up. My instincts made me grab the stick, do a spin attack, and make him fall to the ground. He was crying and screaming at this point, partly due to the fact that blood was spilling out of his eye. I'll admit that I wasn't thinking straight, but whatever. The kid raised his arms, begging for mercy, but I thought he was trying to hit me, so I SMASHED his tiny hand with the stick. There was this sickening CRUNCH sound as I noticed that the thumb was dangling lifelessly from it's socket. Rather than help the kid, I ran away. The cat followed me. The kid told his parents that I did it, but I had a reputation as an incredibly peaceful and nice kid, while everyone knew that he was a brutal and reckless delinquent, so nobody believed him. The blame was shifted to one of his friends, who was grounded for two weeks, from what I hear. A week later, I confessed to my parents and they were mad but didn't really do anything. When my parents told the grounded kid's parents that it was me, he was ungrounded. At school the next day, he found me and kicked me in the shin. I feigned pain to make it up to him for framing him. TL;DR: was attacked by gang of third graders because I petted a cat, defended myself by brutally maiming one of them, framed a kid."
Legalize and leave alone. Petition: Stop the unnecessary harassment of skinny dippers on Caspersen Beach because of invalid and unsupported complaints.
I want to touch it I made Withered Bonnie!
Darude Sandstorm what is the name of that song they're playing?
and make the hackers pay for it! I suggest we build a wall
"Maybe Daimler on Swan Island. Jobs for a German speaking teenager in Portland? Hey guys, my family moved here from Germany when I was 7. I still speak the language pretty fluently, but I'm having a hard time getting a job now that I'm a teenager. I was wondering if anybody knew of any employment opportunities for a 17 year old male who can speak and write german and english fluently. Thanks!"
Aint nobody got time fo dat My iPhone is giving me bronchitis and a mild case of lung cancer.
Is it possible the molly fell into the little space under the upper floor if you know what i mean coldzera dies to a molly bug
What do you think? Are they legit?
Dad? Being a tornado isn't that fun. Some days it just sucks... and the other days it totally blows.
"Can I come over for dinner? Guess I'll jump on the pizza train, here's mine. Made from scratch!"
So much easier to just hang everything How to fold a t-shirt like an engineer
Nice teeth. Nice suit
"No, it has been confirmed that Labor will not be returning to an FTTP rollout even if re-elected. Do we get FTTP NBN back if Labor gets in?"
Delicious! This bread that looks like a spleen
"Haha. You're a redditor now, whether you want to be or not."
"We tolerate a more egregious level of greed among our oligarchs. Why are Canadians and Americans so anti-union while the rest of the industrialized world is highly unionized? Anywhere from 60-95% of workers in countries like Finland, Denmark, Australia, Ireland, Norway, Germany, Sweden, etc... are all unionized. Many don't even have minimum wages and their 'minimum wage workers' earn around double what Canadians do. Unions have been shrinking steadily in Canada, along with our quality of life, Canada is somewhere around 24% unionized, and USA is the lowest of any industrialized country at 16%. Much like unions pushed for labour laws and minimum wage in the past, most of those countries have progressed and have things like mandatory 4-5 weeks of vacation and 365+ days of maternity leave for a couple to use when they have a child, paid for by the government, not employer. In Canada things haven't gotten much better in the past few decades, the median salary has actually gone down since the 70's and we have no more benefits than we used to... Many Canadians seem to have such a negative view on unions, I understand that they do not work very well in Canada, they're run more like a corporation than a democracy, but I don't understand why people are so against them, rather than wanting to improve them."
"Morgana (160k) Jinx (60k) Thresh (50k) Say Your 3 Most Played Champions, People Below You Will Answer With The First Stereotype That Pops Into Their Head"
"He didn't even say it twice for ray allen and his game 6 shot ""BANG! BANG!"" - Mike Breen; Warriors vs OKC You know it's real when he says ""bang"" twice."
"Well, few articles on football websites said they were Were they dark horses?"
"My worry is what happens in 25-50 years with robotics and increased automation, when the world doesn't need ditch diggers. So basically fuck everyone who isn't suited to STEM. That's a wonderfully sociopathic worldview; like it or not, the world *needs* janitors, ditch diggers, garbage collectors and burger flippers, and yes, they deserve to make a living from doing a **necessary** job."
Stay off those Soviet planes Flights are actually pretty cheap as well.. thanks OP!
"Hahaha glad i've been accepted :D Just for the record that was my friend who commented on my profile Minus the part about toxicity, I'm really liking what I see here... I'll have my people talk to yours to move this process along."
"Yeah considering one is a company that makes vacuums and the other is a science fiction short story. If you had paid close attention, you would have known that the book was I, Robot not iRobot. Additionally, the phrase is from Aurthur C. Clark, not Issac Asimov."
"They dug out a massive dome shaped hole inside the mountain and encrusted the top with marble and microcline. What's this blue/white thing up there? Whatever, doesn't look very dwarfy"
"pin, meet bubble.. This also explains why rental vacancy is slipping even though we're getting the inventory build up of the recent condo building boom. What the fuck Vancouver?"
"I could just imagine him using that laptop at night to fap away, and then prepares food for customers during the day with his dried keyboard jizz on his hands i hope you soaked you pc in alcohol cuz ew wtf"
"I thought this was the case too, but see them referred to as completely different around here frequently. If I'm not mistaken, more specific psych disorders are used to describe them. I believe most ""psychopaths"" would probably be diagnosed with Antisocial Personality Disorder from the DSM-V."
"The only acceptable answer you could have given was ""that's the joke"". The reboots are what I'm referring to. Which are heavily inspired by Uncharted."
Holy moly! Hayley Hirshland
But these pants :( Is it just me or does Invoker look super sassy mid attack animation?
god damn it. Resisting... urge... to ... explain... joke...
"Except when they hit random people in the crowd like in new york. Nah, most of those are tasers, batons or just plain fists and boots."
"Customers. Excluding race, religion, or gender, which people do you not like?"
"But...I'm not OP... Get out of there OP, nothing good will come from this."
nigga u wot? shittalking mental illness isn't a very good argument.
I can't wait for Grand Theft Rascal. Actually main reason why I loved Old Snake and Katherine M
"Nice try oil traders Spill may cut world oil supply 500,000 bpd-report | Reuters"
"Is this because of the freedom trophy and our inorganic ""rivalry"" Barring they're playing Texas, Colorado, Mizzou, or Miami (FL): Iowa - nope Wisconsin - nope Michigan - nope Everyone else: yep"
Par for the course on this sub for sure More like typical journalistic practices these days
"Could this be fragile femininity? Yes, it does."
"What are your macros? Over a month of stalling. I'm getting restless. I am a 5'6 19 year old girl. I've been on keto for almost two months now. The first month, I dropped weight quickly, about 20 pounds. But the second month, I lost absolutely nothing. I've been strictly under 20 carbs a day, and have been eating less than I have my entire life. What can be done to break a stall? I'm happy enough on keto, but it just feels pointless if I'm not losing weight. I'm starting to get discouraged. Please help! Oh, and if you need any more details, I'll be glad to add them."
"Even flood indicators on that viaduct, yet.....just go full retard through the water? Melbourne teenager tackles flood waters"
and i love you grandma barney! I love you
"go ahead and repost, its been long enough and no one saw it anyway the first time... I just listened to this, this last weekend and wondered if anyone posted it and am saddened it didn't get more upvotes! Great show!"
"Why is she attending that school? I am in my freshman year of college with my girlfriend . I am having an easier time adjusting and it's putting a strain on our relationship. I'll try to make this as brief as I can. My girlfriend and I started dating during our junior year in high school and we ended up going to the same university. When we first moved in, we were both a bit overwhelmed, and it was really helpful to the both of us that we had each other during the transition. Since I have always adjusted pretty easily to new situations, I started to become pretty comfortable around week 3. I have gotten know a ton of people, I've made new friends and I've been doing very well in all my classes. She, on the other hand, has been having a tougher time. She feels like she hasn't made any friends, is really struggling in her classes, and she's feeling pretty lost. I've been doing everything I can to be there for her, and spend all the time with her that I can, but it seems like we're on two different wavelengths. One of the main reasons we're running into trouble is that since I'm meeting a ton of people and having a great time, she's worried that she's holding me back from everything. The thing is, I want to meet new friends and everything, but I wanna do it with her. I always try to get her to hang out with my friends, but she never seems happy. When I ask her why, she always says ""they're your friends, you all know each other."" It's beginning to feel like I have to choose between her and my friends, and I don't want that. I love being with her, but it seems like lately, I'm all she has. Any advice would be greatly appreciated! Sorry for the long post! (TLDR: I'm making new friends, girlfriend isn't, and it's feeling more and more like I'm having to sacrifice having a transformative college experience for her to be happy.)"
"I live here dude... NJ has the most opportunities/option in a small area. Access to NYC and Philly, good beaches, lakes, and access to the Appalachian mountains. Some of the best public schools and private schools in the country. Best diners, best bagels, and arguably best delis. Small enclaves like Edison with best Indian food in the country, or several cities boasting the best Italian. I'm sure New Jerseyans could rattle of a long list more. What's your state got?"
OH IM DOWN WITH THAT Holy crap the Helix Fossil is telling us something...
"It's easy, you look at their number the entire fucking time and don't tuck your head down. Fuck this rule. It feels like this rule was made by people who have never played football. People don't realize that in the heat of the moment, when you're trying to make a play, you can't control where your heads gonna go. How is anyone supposed to react that quick and know where the other player is gonna go to avoid head to head contact? Bullshit. Ejection should be the penalty for malicious intent. Not for a physical football play. This rule isn't gonna protect anyone, it's just gonna make the game less enjoyable to watch."
Two different people with different opinions than mine=dismiss completely Jenny Death being rated higher than NOTM was all I needed to dismiss their ratings completely.
Except that's a Volvo C303... Too many radii for Volvo.
"Bottle service, baby! Where does a bottle of Cristal cost $1800?"
"no, there's been other instances. Did he ever confirm this wasn't a joke?"
"Get off Reddit, Peridot. It's Dormammu you clod!"
"Actually don't quote me... I think it does that... Thanks! I knew there was a size difference, but I thought it added to size, not set it to a specific one."
Do you want it? I have a feeling it was meant to be sent to someone else lol
"Looks amazing! My place at corners 4, 5 and 6. Mexico GP."
"5-7 minutes Reddit, if Vladimir Putin was an actual Bond villain, what would the movie be about? Describe Putin's lair, henchmen, etc. Go!"
"Yea, I'm sold now, gonna go read all you comics &lt;3 Thank you, and thanks for the links! I went with the Tupac version instead of the original, but I figured they're both recognizable enough for the joke that I could kill two birds with one drive-by shooting ^^I'm ^^^so ^^^^sorry"
"Thanks fam you the best shit you edited your post after I wrote the other one. If you are currently in college you could check out the National Guards dual enrollment program. You can join the National Guard, go off to basic training for the summer, and then do your advanced training the next summer so you don't miss any school. You also join the ROTC (hence the ""dual enrollment"") and you can apply for an ROTC scholarship and you often get tuition discounts, plus you get some drill pay, and when you graduate you become a commissioned officer. and dude trust me the overall pay for officers is INSANE. its like around 30k starting salary but that is ALL extra money, because they pay for your housing, food, healthcare, ect. So you could do that and major in something that would allow you to get a masters degree in sports management and you can use your GI bill for that. Don't trust recruiters tho if you go talk to them, they are 99% nice people but a lot of the time they just don't know exactly what they are talking about and you can get screwed out of money. Oh and I can't forget to mention you can get up to a 20k signing bonus for just joining the national guard."
"youtube red / google play music all access? Random Crashes on Youtube? Hey guys, On my Verizon S7, when I am watching videos (mainly on YouTube) the video will freeze, but the sound will continue to play, and then I will have to move the timeline on the video forward or back to get the video to continue. Has anyone else experienced this issue? Its been happening for a few weeks now and it happens on 4G and WiFi and I'm at a loss of what to do. I've tried reinstalling YouTube but no dice."
"""Tonight on Fox News: Is Obamacare spending your tax money to heal the legs of this foreign invader?"" Stupid American propaganda."
"I just got an urge to squat I'm not sure. But after watching this, I just bought a Kalishnikov and a one way flight to the Ukraine."
Xpiree figured me out... IM GAY.. SHIT Maybe if you weren't gay Robert &lt;3
"Seems legit. Am I too stoned, or did I find a life hack?"
Just root against Dallas. I like both you guys. I don't know who to root for.
"Whats the betting Oculus get their sweaty, sticky horrid little fingers on it before then? Resident Evil 7 Coming to PC : January 24, 2017"
"Yes but it wasn't her fault, the voices in her head told her to say that. Sorry, it was my earpieces fault! Trump spokeswoman backtracks on claim Afghanistan was Obama's war"
If you add me I'll have a look and then you can return the favour! Added. Can you see what pokemon are in my safari? Thanks!
Xenoverse 1 also didn't have expert missions or raids. There is honestly triple the time spent just trying to get into a match then there is actually doing the raid. The servers are actually so shitty. Xenoverse 1 was actually better with it's online tbh. At least it didn't have the stupid 20 backhits in the same directions bug.
Wtf is up with all the downvotes miserable anyone else just absolutely fucking miserable living is torture
"Oh my god Golden Son is so good. The red wedding was shocking, but then again, ever since the first book you knew that things of that nature were possible. But still, it was a game changer. I've never read Golden son, I'll have a look online now."
Well it might but we don't know the price of it.... Xbox people really don't think that this new Xbox scorpio will render their Call of Duty in 4k resolution right?
DON'T TELL ME HOW TO LIVE MY LIFE I THINK YOU'RE TAKING 'TRASH TALK' TOO LITERALLY
Profound. Writing Responsible Code
"If anyone's dumb enough to stay after the food screech event, they deserve whatever comes next. /tv/ uses craigslist and finds out the hard way"
"Except that functionally putting water in the intake of a piston engine has a very high chance of completely destroying the engine, and spraying water in a turbine has a high chance of warping blades or bearings, hmm, so I guess either way both engines will most likely be scrap It almost worked on my truck! Haha."
it was well worth the wait (I got your reference) After 9 years of development...
Maybe there is a reason for his kids treating him like shit. Happy Mothers Day to me.... (25f)
"That's how it was for me too, you couldn't do anything without being on camera lol The store I work at has over 50 fully functional cameras. The only place there isn't a camera is inside the beer cooler, but there is a camera right on the door. And unlike some stores with outdated camera equipment, all the video is stored digitally so it sticks around longer than if you used tapes."
Eddie is ok but yeah you have a point You're actually being nice with that description. Color commentary ain't bad. Kenny Albert is fucking awful though...
Is that a collection of the flags of all the countries that have barred you from entry? Roast my ugly friend
"I converted, GabeN showed me the way Now I just need to convince them If not, shall they burn in Hell This is why I don't make friends with peasants."
I think we upset him. Or maybe he's a pedo :/
Well I hope they pay attention to bo3 atleast for another year lol Im not hating on iw just yet but I'd like bo3 to still be fresh for another year what happens after bo3 ends ? Do you think they'll still support the game with updates and such? I haven't been in the community very long I don't know what they do exactly once a new game releases
"He was a monster, plain and simple She trashes WVU as some joke school in West Virginia. I mean I took that personally since that is my alma mater, but facts are facts. They are always nationally ranked in neurology. I completely get that she doesn't want to let Chris off the hook saying concussions made him do it but to deny the role CTE has on the brain is silly. She's saying he wasn't acting like a 70 year old man with Alzheimer's but that is not what they meant. The damage his brain had suffer was akin to what they see with 70 year old Alzheimer's patients.....not that he couldn't find his way out of an airport."
"It's not like either one of us were being creative. I feel like Steve French gets too much attention when theres other great kitty names, my kitties name is Gary Lazor eyes."
"(Pssst, Pirates!) By poor I meant, secretly. ""I really don't want to pay for these books"""
Tip: Sort comments by controversial to see a list of some other good chase scenes. The greatest chase sequence in movie history
"/b/ ""Reddit is literally one of the vilest sites on the internet."" oh boy"
"I know, I just think he specifically would be a funny addition to the cast. His name is Diarmuid Ua Duibne, and he's included when I said 'one of the Fianna'."
:( I was lvl 8 on my first 10k egg
:'( I haven't played that game in forever and I still remember that mission WHAT THE FUCK DUDE OH MY GOD ;____;
"Really wish things could have worked out for him, hate to see injuries derail anyone. FSU DE Lorenzo Featherston medically disqualified from football"
I think he got two fouls already Why was barnes only playing 4 minutes?
i would watch that Lets give Basketball the Golf treatment
"Uhmmm... telephone, email, customer care services No I haven't. What is the best way to contac them"
Can purge be corn plz Which vegetables will they each be
"This is not a mundane detail, Michael! Must have put a decimal in the wrong place. You know, some mundane detail."
al-Bab is bigger than Idlib? A few cities and towns in comparison to each other
Tell me what is actually being done with it...*that* is what determines if it is cool or not. Cool Amazon Echo Star Citizen project!
"You spelled ""the internet"" wrong. God this sub is a bit repulsive at times."
"Pepe is still few levels above otamendi, Both at being a defender &amp; being a thundercunt. Said the same thing once I started watching him play. Flops more than Pepe tbh.."
"Jet fuel *can* melt aluminium foil hats it seems. You should have left it up. The post wasn't unrelated to atheism. Part of why you're atheists is because you are convinced Islam is awful. You never lived in the middle-east to see the good side of Islam, but you saw 9/11 and that was enough. You might say you criticize Islam for their treatment of women and gays and so on. But, then again, nobody criticizes African societies for how they treat their women and gays and kids and nobody says African religions are evil cults. Why? Because Africans countries didn't attack us. That's the 9/11 bias right there."
"the government really was spying on us all. Which movies, 20+ years old, are ready for a remake?"
"Turn back if you can I turned 20 today. What are some things I should know about my 20s? In most places you are an adult once you turn 18. I've been living on my own for two years now, attending university. What are some things I should know about my 20s, if anything?"
"Well, you have you know these things when you're a king, you know. How do you know so much about swallows?"
"If it's OK with you, I'd like to massage your calves. Seee Red Heads Have un Too! Any Requests?"
Best gif I think I've ever made! Calling it. Flagging it gif'd.
"No, there was another girl who fought back and died. You mean Pia? She's still alive."
Pssssssssss GOOD GOD SACRE IS TRASH THANK JESUS FOR R KELLY
It's a really great book! Suddenly I want to read the outsiders
I'd love to know which one. I've been to resorts in Mexico where they don't allow this crap. The resort staff walk around the pool from time to time taking away towels that nobody's using. Fuck people that try to hog chairs all day.
"Check out The Devil's Backbone Could someone recommend to me a horror movie that will make me shit my pants? I love the horror genre but lately there's nothing scary at all. I just finish the movie like ""meh"". Someone please rekindle my love for horrors :("
"No, it cuts off your access to the site itself for 24 hours. I'm confused, does the website just shut your internet off after the timer is complete?"
"Just clicked it, it says yes. Says no right now. Just looked outside, turns out it's right"
2015: The year we found out that Peyton Manning is mortal and Charles Woodson is immortal. What year is this...
So who do you guys think will run against President Hillary Clinton in 2020? Trump Fans Are Now Saying They Want To Stop Women From Voting With #RepealThe19th
"Wow, thanks for the perspective. 50%! Less than 10% of Australians go to church at all. We have more smokers than church goers. And smoking is low."
I dont see where im supposed to enter that code when checking out feb20off for America. UKfeb20off for UK
"You think BLM and ISIS are working together? You can bet that the felons working for Soros masquerading/moonlighting as BLM activists have guns. These people are standing aide by side with the Islamic radicals, and they've made it clear that they want to take over America by starting a race war. Law abiding Americans should definitely be allowed to have guns."
"r/futureschoolshooters oh yeah, that's right :'( 3edgy5me"
"it'd be amazing to see a 1v5 with some guy with some insane batshit buff Riot, PLEASE give the team some kind of buff if a player is AFK. My team keeps losing games because of AFK's (about 4 or 5 now). Everyone reports the people who leave but I know nothing ever happens to them. My friends leave their games all the time and none even had a single warning (I tell them not to leave but they just don't give a shit) Giving the team a buff will help the team and bring some balance in the game."
I didn't! I'm guessing you don't know that the Pal left it's old location and moved to the former Whiskey Dix at Main and Portage? It wasn't just shut down.
"Weather is very warm this year, half January was only colder now its very warm (at least in south). Economic migrant shitbags, good riddance. If they were really running away from war, they wouldn't just up and ""go back home because I don't like the food and weather here""."
"Breaking News: multiple homes robbed in northeast Mesa after redditor announces they leave their doors unlocked We clearly lived in different parts of Mesa. Downtown was pretty rough but northeast (Gilbert/McKellips) was really nice, we never locked our doors"
Works for me. **[mass noun] North American**
the new abysal blade is also really good on him Axe will be a beast in the lategame. His earlygame is still not as strong as it was once but he won't fall off the entire game now and is a great counter to BkB heroes.
"hmm, i should go to book stores more often they were giving it away for the upcoming new releases"
I think I've heard something about Marty having something to do with it... but I have a tendency to remember things wrong and then state them as fact. Definitely. I don't know how we were so lucky to go from Brian Westbrook to LeSean McCoy.
"Yeah, but we have...we have...uhhh...Holiday? It's free slurpee day, but there are no 7-11's in Minnesota :("
"He shoots rabbits, he cuts cats open Not to mention also shooting animal (mostly cats, I think) merely for sport and ""practice"". He's what serial killer are made of, except for the mommy issues."
"Get the fuck out Please replace that fool Mirx, he washed AF."
"I don't think being an ass in response to an ass will alleviate the problem Just keep beating him, he'll break the habit if he loses enough. He will start looking at what he's doing wrong. Also, mimic his habits of boasting after matches and he'll see how annoying he is."
And don't forget the paid vacation! You're funny. The cops gonna get a promotion. You think he's getting fired? Don't make me laugh.
I'm not sure what there was to misunderstand about my comment. what
"""Please accept our complementary shower token as an apology"" ""Please excuse the gas leakage."""
"I was wanting to convey that you were dead rather than no-life, but I couldnt think of something short enough that felt like it could actually be an attribute. life: none; value: 0; style: none; size: larger; wrap: grilled chicken and bacon; but close enough."
"I have Rhythm Tengoku: The Best Plus running on ReiNand 10.3, so I'm pretty sure out of region works now. Reinand or RxTools? I have a N3DS with RxTools 9.5. So should I switch or wait for rxTools 10.3 to work with N3DS? And if I were to switch, will I still be able to play games like Monster Hunter X if I switch to Reinand?"
I think he's just exaggerating stuff or just outright lying to rationalize sexism. The fact that most of his fucking co-workers outside of Ubisoft are claiming that this would only take a couple of days is pretty telling. It's a tell-tale sign to me that Ubisoft has some serious problems if women are seen as an expendable design choice. Fuck this shit.
Not even the Itachi arc? Kakashi Anbu Arc from Naruto is about the only filler i like
Bangus Mr
"BeT YoUJ CanT NaMe 5 SongS ThoUgh! Awesome vid, my favorite part is the cameos by Shadow, El-P, and Killer Mike. Can you spot them all?"
I'm glad you can sea the wave of appreciation we have for you guys. I see what you did there ;)
"It is definitely really crazy good, but I don't recall anything too crazy that he remembered in this podcast, did he? Thorins memory is crazy. Wtf"
"Can you explain why you think the combat is better than GW2? Sooo much better. GW2 combat is a joke in comparison. There's a reason that Blade and Soul is the 2nd most played MMO in Korea, and one of the top eSports there after LoL, Starcraft, and Dota."
"Probably IMRC, which is nice until they break That's why i like my old mercedes - drive it normal relaxed below 3000 and it sounds like ... hm a small diesel very common .. or maybe a old 4 cyclinder always huffing a little with the rusty exaust. But go past 4000 rpm and it'll sound like a warp drive charging or some insane charged race engine with no rev limiter trying to test what it takes to blow the engine. They engineered some part to be variable past certain rev to allow for the noise and the change in character. The engine fan does its best to support that act by spinning vibrant and humming like a giant turbocharger. Heads are turning if i accidently push the pedal have an inch to deep. By noise i could be a danger to sports cars, by looks - sure: Totally stock sleeper with child seats and random stuff for authenticity. Sports school stickers and dads familyumbrella as bonus. It's a great comfortable family car and can make you look like a teenage douche swinging his cock enlargement high above his head at the same time. I'll ride it till i die just for the fun i have with it. I get my pilot glasses, wife beater, smug stache is in place, some insanely ridiculus hiphop or hardstyle (The stock sound system is suspiciouly good, sounds like aftermarket for that age) then i go visit my friends. They hate me for that."
"As a trans-species person, flying took some getting used to, but having wings is pretty cool. As a transgender person, flying is terrifying."
"qwertyuiop[\asdfghjkl;'zxcvbnm,./ or qwertyuiopasdfghjkl;zxcvbnm,./ qwertyuiop[asdfghjkl;zxcvbnm,./"
"No, it's more of the suction aspect of it. So that's why guys like blowjobs so much"
"ah ok, I was thinking like * Meeting x ** Subj 1 notes ** Subj 2 notes ** Todo's *** call mary But your idea is better. I'm not sure what you mean, but what I mean is this: ** Meeting notes *** Meeting 11/22/33 **** Subject one Notes here. ***** TODO Some task that has something to do with subject one **** Subject two More notes here. ***** TODO Some task that has something to do with subject two"
KeK Spotted in ESO
"Householder was visibly anoited by God shortly after. *Actually* baptized a householder on the first visit. Had been marked ""Do Not Call""."
Double SWOOP Sunderland sign Paddy McNair and Donald Love from Manchester United
"""Flagged for removal, this is a Bash Iran Thread"" Few realize the Iranians helped the US after 9-11 by rounding up some folks and giving us access to interrogate them and Iran worked closely with the Northern Alliance in Afghanistan against the Taliban. But then Israel told us to start hating them again so we did what our masters said."
... but the damage to their car costs more than they would make if they drove that kind of car? I work with a few people who have $1000 a month car note. They aren't struggling. They just use dominos to make a little extra cash and pass the time. It's a side job for a lot of people.
"hes too ugly on the inside Ugh, why couldn't you just be pretty and quiet?"
Yep. Was this image taken with matphong _0?
"But that's not what ""original"" literally means. Okay. In this sub, marking your post as OC, means you made it and that you are requesting flair."
Brote made a random photoshop of angryjoe and all the sudden a bunch of crazy middle eastern people came out of the woodwork calling it offensive and then things kinda happened. arnt those the assholes who took down Angryjoes video? seems people dont change ^war^also^never^changes
ngl I only come to this sub for Jesamo posts now Ann's butt is the best Definitely better than Navarre's green butt
"instruction unclear: penis stuck in the cheapest prostitute nearby If you happened to find Plasa Telkom, you can buy a card there. The ""cheapest"" options is 50K per month."
"According to rumor, there are some other characters not named Naruto, Sasuke, Kakashi, Sakura, Hashirama, Minato, Itachi, Madara or Obito. Who? Next you're gonna tell me there was a character named shino."
lol SPAAA most dishonorable death for Panther must commit sudoku Althought I killed quite a lot of them in the M19 through ambushes :))))
For now... I crafted golden sludge belchers because they're the best taunt in the game.
wojackbrain.jpg TFW to smart too be president
"As great as this sounds, we can't let the odds make us apathetic! The mess the Republicans have got themselves into leaves them facing a likely landslide defeat regardless of whom they nominate for president"
Lance Hunter Which character?
"I originally read ""pelican"" as ""politician,"" made all the difference. When you tell her you can't take it no more, but she says you pelican"
Doesn't make their statement wrong in *anyway*. Pot kettle black? I don't think IGN are in any position to call people out on quality.
"And assholes and cunts, as well as butts. Dicks. Reddit is full of dicks."
"Weeden... Who else can't we afford to lose? Gregory, Leary, Dez, Romo are out with injuries; McClain and Hardy are sitting out with suspensions. I think we can hobble along and compete without all of these impact guys. However, I think if we lost Tyron Smith or Sean Lee right now we'd start seeing a systemic collapse. Who is indispensable in your opinions?"
# HILLARY FOR PRISON Hillary
"What a great quote GG Chris Hadfield, encouraging young scientists since 1999"
citation? Don't need relevance in the internet. 1*I'll exchange regurgitated blood into your mouth for a back scratch.
Good to know This is exactly the algorithm we have in mind haha very nice :)
"30% chance. Sorry, actually I have one (pls forgive me for not looking through my units), but how good is kyles proc rate?"
Upvote so I can get Karma I'm up voting everything so that I can see the 'hahaha...'
Is there a difference between hating a country and its people for what they have done versus what they are? UN's Ban: Netanyahu ethnic cleansing remarks 'outrageous'
Stop being fat. As a fat guy I can relate
"IS-4/IS-7, BC25t, AMX 30, Object 140, E5, 113, 263, 50b Grinding advice I need your sugestion on my next tank to grind, currently i have maus, JPE100,Obj.268,and TVP 50 51. any advice?"
I'm mildly spicy I'm mildly infuriated that you would try to go there.
"I wish you were the director of the world feed Cubejam, F1 would be much funnier to watch if that was the case! Good race. Gutted about Nico, happy about Valtteri."
What does that even mean? Jauz's reaction to Dash Berlin's short dissapearance
That's why it's here. That's looks shitty.
"I hope to end mine in January or February, and will make a big to do about it. Haha, thanks for helping me justify it to myself. My official cop unfreeze is going to be when I buy the new 3sixteen type 3 (if it fits--if it doesn't, I'm going to the Filson flagship store and buying a good waxed canvas jacket)."
"This just happened to me yesterday I was so confused and mad! I died to this (I think) on BHC against one of the bleed essence mobs at either day 3 or 4 of the start of the league. I for sure didn't have a bleed on the buff/debuff bar, I remember looking and just watching my HP drop at the same rate, moving, and standing still. The essence mob was dead, but I had an invisible bleed on me that couldn't be flasked away."
When do you reddit if not in class? This chrome plugin will be handy once law school starts
"Origins lands may get extra reprints. But there are no more core sets, and there will still be a need for land stations, as OP said."
whoever that guy is he does a great impersonation of Kevin Spacey. A bunch of fans at the Panthers game were all impersonating Kevin Spacey
"Wow that's quite a stretch to go from where you are to playoff bound and with the new system, our game pretty much can determine a playoff spot, if we are both good."
Pure establishment rhetoric there WTF. Is she trying to blame DONALD for the economic collapse 8 years ago instead of the former presidents who are ENDORSING her?!!!
Fake History is so damn good I'm hype as shit for their new album. Metalcore: In Hearts Wake - Divination Non-Metalcore: letlive. - Fake History
"Laws don't dictate what's right if the land isn't owned by anybody and nobody is living there, then I could say fair enough. but a lot of places, run down or not, are still owned and taking anything would still be theft no matter how long it has been there for, so I can assume that's the reason many obscure places that only dedicated members of the community (who follow the unwritten rules) are left so unmolested"
"I don't think that's nearly blind enough to pass muster - you might be thinking of Trump, who said he would hand the reins to his kids if elected. I was under the impression Chelsea would be taking over the foundation? There was an article on the BBC that both Clinton and Trump are likely to break tradition and hand their interests over to their children rather than a blind trust if they are elected."
Please explain to me the complexity of the emotion this gives you? Yeah but Connor has been acting weird lately.
not funny wait till the end for meme
"He cares, he just makes you hide them like you should be ashamed of your heritage. If only you were pacific islander sky daddy wouldn't care about your tattoos."
If only I played a brass instrument... There's still spots available with the Seattle Cascades!
Why is it whenever this fucker smiles it looks like he's just baring his teeth to show dominance? I found Kanye's zip-lining smile
Uh no... You shouldn't buy a Chromebook because one dude is incompetent? Why not to get a Chromebook: Exhibit A.
"More demand really... Thats all. In my area of North Carolina there are currently people selling bikes with similar mileage and condition and mods for about $2200-$2400. I know CA is more expensive, but I didn't realize it was *THAT* much more expensive."
"it's a pretty stiff existence Ok guys, I have no idea how you could live like that."
Put Saudi on it while you're at it. Donald Trump will clear bill to declare Pakistan a terror state: Member of his Advisory Council
Tell me about it... I fell and dislocated my shoulder last night Woke up to this beauty this morning.
"I'm just going to let you know something, I don't like you and I think you know why. That is cute"
"I failed my promos to gold 5 3 times today, I feel u bro i know this sounds stupid i just had a really frustrating league of legends game and it annoyed the fuck out of me and i slammed my keyboard and then i tried to find things to hit to let the anger out on and i couldn't find any so i started doing pushups and biceps n shit and i went and ate some cheese and i still need to hit something really hard what do"
Amnesia Haze What are you all smokin tonight?
"I like the NCAAF overtime rules If the ARI / SEA game yesterday was a playoff game, would they do another coin flip for second OT or would ARI keep the ball?"
"Not making a good show for themselves, first attacking the Veterans, now a soldier. They also would have questioned the decision not to which is why they are completely useless."
"And I literally wrote twice in the comment section, that this is a ticker and when I posted it, it had a different headline. This link literally says that ""Dortmund rejects rumor about Kagawa return""."
"Check again, it should have a little LED frowny face that'll light up when all the oil runs out or you forget to pay the bills, I don't understand what this 'low controller battery' nonsense means. I've never seen such a warning with my keyboard and mouse. ;)"
"To be fair I think the artist could have made them a lot more intimidating by choosing less flamboyant colors. Nice artwork, but it just goes to show that they made the right decision. Jurassic Park ""lizard"" dinos are the coolest dinos."
"Learning that there science is usually a beneficial thing, regardless of context. He's obviously an idiot but out of curiosity how dors learning some science help in this scenario?"
"This is mostly true but you only get one chance at this, once you take that stub off it goes bad rather quickly for some reason. I learned that you can also look at where the stem attaches. You can roll the stub off and if the avocado is pure green it's a good one. Any brown or discoloration and it's not good."
5 shacos + 5 shaco ults + 5 shaco souls i dont get it... how are there 15 shaco?
"""God has granted me many gifts, one of them being to knock you, THE FUCK, OUT!"" The Rock was amazing in it. Could not believe he could act or be so god damn funny. His cocaine scene is just classic. Like other users said, it did drag on for the last hour. It made a good job though of making you hate Daniel Lugo really fast, but it did a poor job of making you like him."
So is Mimzee just for the chests you happen to get between bosses and not necessarily to farm on when youre trying to push deeper? The way you've asked the question its hard to explain the answer. Farming levels/optimal runs aren't based on gold production but on how quickly you can kill the monsters. If it starts to take +3seconds to kill one then you should be thinking about ascending. If you really want gold you are better off sending your mercs on 5-15min gold quests.
"Not exactly what you're asking for, but if you click ""Top"" and switch ""links from"" from ""past 24 hours"" to ""all time"" it does a pretty good job. Wow, nice. Btw, anyone knows how to see the NSFW links only? (I know, a gentleman wouldn't ask such a thing)"
It's awful. I am too scared to click the link. Please expound on that.
"Don't think anyone said it was wrong Is there anything wrong with that? It's not like he has the time to spend hours under the hood, and maybe he doesn't want to. The dude just wants some cool big boy toys, and if I was paid millions to eat dank food, I would wanna buy a matching set of awesome vehicles too. Give him a break."
"This *is* vigorous promo. I live a half a block away and it's not not so void of life. Sure, it's not a very beaten path, but it is close enough to the bike/jogging trail that leads to 107th. I can see businesses in and around Oliver Square being drawn in, and it is close enough to walk there on their breaks. Would still need some vigorous promo though."
What if time was irrelevant completely and we only exist to serve and be served until we die. maybe he went to bed so early it was before the sun went down?
If he does not come in on this drive you may have been totally correct. Sorry. I'm listening to the Broncos radio and they just said that. Maybe they were wrong.
"That isn't Kaz. A short time ago, on an Internet not too far away.."
"I'm strongly tempted to request you draw me like one of your French girls. i've been drawing a lot recently. i'm not good at it, but i hear it's like a muscle you exercise. it's a very fun activity anyways when you are listening to nice music or talking to awesome people over kik."
"nice, wasnt sure from pics i've seen as mp is almost as big as unit it does."
I heard Belichick went straight home from that game and bathed in his favorite jam.... Sound FX: Bill Belichick miked vs. Colts
[9] This is Neena. I walked into the kitchen and found her like this.
"I believe she is involved in a lot of charity work, I see no reason that she wouldn't carry that on once she is first lady. Could you respect Melania as a first lady? Did you respect Michelle Obama's first-ladyship?"
Spoken like someone suffering from Stockholm Syndrome. lol it wasn't *that* bad.
"Lol, it was an awesome show. Ooooo I'm here!"
"Fuck me, when am I going to get to the point that I can tip $150 without a care... Exactly this! I used to bartend at a city strip club during the day shift. It was all business men and lawyers on their lunch breaks. Friday night? No thank you. I did not need college aged bums waving a dollar in my face. That won't even feed my cat. But the regulars that I served on the lunch shift? $30 tab, $150 tip because it was ""nice to talk to you"""
"""the shittiest cell phone in the world is a miracle"" -Louis CK What is something that always blows your mind away?"
"If you're right it will be an amazing conference.. don't think we'll see that much though **What will we see?** Bend Studios new IP. Huge Sony Santa Monica presence (announcing more collaborations) and finishing off with God of War 4. Level-5's new game, hoping for Dark Cloud 3. Pixelopus new game, available after the show. Rockstar re-announce Agent (Agent 1977?), either timed or multiplatform. PSVR release date, price and launch titles (No Man's Sky also compatible). **What won't we see?** Last of Us 2. Sucker Punch's new game (more likely E3). Kojima :( #FreeKojima #FucKonami **Boldest Prediction** Crash Bandicoot (I pray and I pray)."
NO. Wenger needs to get on the phone to Southampton FC and offer them anything they want for Luke Shaw. Doesn't matter if he doesn't want to join. We'll kidnap him.
Silent screaming intensifies Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
"Or we could just keep it PG and have a Reddit Bukake meet up. Agreed. Until I get blackout drunk and start puking on people yelling ""Dirtpig muthfuckas!"""
Not willing to discount that hypothesis eiter. you mean he's *not* dead?
Canada: Yisss! Michigan Senate Approves Bill To Ban Booze At Fully-Nude Bars
"A little bit of Bernie in my life I hope he is VP. dont care what anyone thinks, I just need to see more bernie in my life and in the white house"
"I thought he meant the band Oh, the firework.... I thought you meant the M-80 Infantry Fighting Vehicle. That was a joy to work out in my head to figure out how the hell this redneck had an IFV"
"FLAIR I hope to god ""bathe things"" catches on somewhere. It's the weirdest typo/wrong word to use I've seen on OkC."
This was made like 1-2 years ago I think. But you need to pay to play PS4 online...
"Explanajoke. Everything I need to know to understand this joke is right in the joke. Thank you! This might be the best way to learn anything about Kanye, etc."
Administrative law (regulation) is still law. The Fairness Doctrine was federal policy of the FCC not specifically required by law. A lot of FCC policies are overturned by the courts.
it shows people are going through the effort to pirate the game instead of not playing Great form to announce your piracy in a forum that sees frequent interaction with and information by *the game's creator himself*.
Well they can turn him into a quadriplegic Yeah what are they going to do? Beat him up and paralyze him again?
"That sounds amazing, but it would suck if he turned up and you happened to be ill or something and not in the mood haha. Had a friend who would consensually act out something similar to this with a long distance partner. The partner would fly into town without notice, have a key (to avoid actually breaking anything getting in), and bust in on a completely random night. Also it was so rare that they were able to avoid it from feeling like a routine. Everything was 100% consensual and they were very good face-to-face friends for **YEARS** before even attempting this."
"It's in a better place now, flying somewhere where there are no altitude restrictions, crosswinds and batteries last forever. Alas. If it was still in the box the chances are that it never flew."
"Aye All agreed it was a wizard, say "" I"". I"
"Amazing body I(f) I'm up, I feel you should be too...Good Morning Milf fans! ;)"
"Knowing our luck he'll come into McKale next week and drop 50 on us. I don't think it has anything to do with the team he plays. A coin flips in his head and if its heads he is steph curry, and if it is tails he couldn't make my small highschools JV basketball team."
OP should go out the window and sneak up on the nephew. My nephew is waiting downstairs to scare me.
"Christ, just how many times will this faked image be reposted? The Trio"
"I took it like so: when bran tried to worg into Hodor he also worgd into Walder making a bridge between past Hodor and old Hodor, meaning Walder took the mental strain of being murdered which is why all he says is Hodor being the last thing he remembers, Hodor was essentially dead, soulless. I wonder hiw it'll effect bran ? Since he experienced present Hodor's death (and thus) pastHodor's seizure , while being in a vision of the past , which he has influenced ? MyHeadHurts.jpg"
"I get oranges with with any from 3+ kills, rolling a red is completely rng if you get 3 kills then its up to chance the orange is a red; my highest kill score was 9 and I rolled an orange if that indicates kills don't equate a red. How about getting reds... its based on damage done kills and win... here i am getting only 4 kills because 6 people left.... and getting a blue roll"
The Army doesn't want any more tanks either though. Clickhole on the F-35
meme Is this a meme or legit? I used teamviewer a lot over the weekend and I didn't think there was a problem with it.
Is the price mentioned yet? True color E-Ink 20 inch panels with 1600x1200 resolution (150ppi) shown at SID 2016
"Hitler liked his brownies cut from the center. I second this idea. At the same time, I also think that cutting it in the middle like that is pure anarchy and how civilizations fall."
"Only analysis I can give you is Kersh/Bum is probably the best matchup in baseball. This is the mature, in depth, thought provoking analysis dodger fans are known for!!!!!! Never change! GO GIANTS!!!!"
"Johnny Goldman, attorney at claw, is back on the beat! Impeccable Timing"
*whoosh* You should be ashamed at how bad that title is
"No, it's the one with huge square hole in the middle and 3 points around it above. Is that the one with the really big room with the cap point inside and only 4 entrances or so? I haven't really memorized the names of the bases.. I actually forget what this one is. Could you describe it for me?"
"ouch, thats $600 at the moment! 60 here."
"Good on her for proper use of vocab! My daughter was 4 (if I'm remembering correctly) and she told an adult, who was mumbling, that if they were going to talk to her they'd better enunciate."
the ones in floating boxes that stay in the same place when scrolling What scrolling ads do you mean?
darth darth binks? He means that they're leading us in the direction of Rey Skywalker and making it plausible in order to distract us from what they really have planned.
"It probably implies that he WAS a witch. So what's up with the video? doesn't look like this has been posted yet so... what's everyone's take on the video? I've seen people refer to the refugee crisis, or it holding some sort of establishment theme, or arguments that it holds no political agenda and is more just an unsettling message to not take things at face value. is there a general consensus? Probably the most interesting part to me is the changed narrative of the wicker man with the businessman supposedly not only surviving, but also standing in the background during the zoomed out shot at the end. Is it supposed to imply the sacrifice/burning never even really happened?"
Easier to smugle drugs out of Latin america with your own plane Iron Maiden's personalized 747 for the upcoming tour. This bad-boy is piloted by the band's lead singer Bruce Dickinson.
This woman should never be allowed alone with your child again. Me with my SIL I caught her breastfeeding my child.
"I would have to agree that there is something definitely fishy about the scenario that OP has presented us with. I can appreciate that, but if I'm on the job I wouldn't roll around with any personal bud in the car. How did OP even get stopped, this story just seems fishy."
That's a ph 2 right? I needed to tighten the screws on the doorknob.
"C9 isn't on the list checkmate my friend He is putting the teams by accomplishments, C9's original roster had a lot of international showings (even winning some) and were extremely dominant in NA for an extended period of time, they will EASILY be in the this top 20, but not over SKT T1 #2, M5, TPA, SSW, WE and Azubu Frost."
"Playing videogames != unhealthy depends from person to person well i am a real E-sports enthusiast, but where exactly are we better than sports? you need to do some sports to stay healthy, and being healthy is one of the most important things I am aware of. source: I had a very bad caraccident and can not do sports anymore for over 8years now, my healthcondition is decreasing nonstop... In the end I agree in the point, that we don't need ESPN to show our games at least, not yet."
Amateurs.. TIL that in 1830 the average person over 15 years old drank 88 bottels of whiskey per year... one bottle every 4.2 days
Got to indoctrinate them early that small microtransactions are ok. Yes they do kids bug me daily for them 99 cents per thing.
"The sheep thing is new and it's fine for now but the ""Never Forget the First Rule of blah blah blah"" needs to stop. Shush. I want more of these sheepposts."
"And his legendary Frankenstein was a total pos cobbled together out of whatever parts he could find. Eddie Van Halen plays Kramer and Peavy. Besides his Sigs, those aren't very high-end brands."
Bravo! The only person I will call a liberal wishy washy type is the one who denies that God had a hand in creation at all.
What sticker is that on the hardtop glass with a donkey in a Miata? Woke up to this
I love notepad++ Notepad++ is free. Who doesn't want syntax highlighting at the very least?
"""Cesc Frabregas will ~~return to Arsenal and reject Manchester United and here is why~~ stay at Barcalona..."" Gunnerstown Blog - "" Cesc Fabregas will return to Arsenal and reject Manchester United and here is why"""
got the glow? Bollocks.
June 15th at 7am GMT Chroma or Falch.
"Fuck this, Iran or the Arab states should deal with ISIS. US Military Reveals Massive Plan To Attack, Retake Mosul From Islamic State"
"Hello, hello, hello, how low? What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Nevermind."
"Huzzah, let this comment ring throughout the land! Sunset Overdrive - What a game! Just got this game and I'm so impressed with the game play. Think Insomniac have made the best game this gen so far. Well done!"
"Keemstar, the parasite that feeds off of pure drama fluff. Crushing digital stuff with hydraulic press"
"Time Planning Spreadsheet? ""What the hell is a TPS report?"" -Ants"
"I bet! I'm more interested in the ""sort of a true story"" part than your actual answer..."
"If kenny was playing against mediocre NA teams I'm sure he'd look pretty good too despite his recent form. Everything Ska does reminds me of KennyS, in a way even Kenny himself hasn't lately."
Error 404: partner not found Can you give me the Tl;dr of your current relationship?
"[](/whattheflut) nah, fluttershy m8 Nice. Put it perfectly lol Still why did he choose Chrysalis, it's not even best pony. Everyone knows that's Vinyl Scratch"
"And even more miserable man for several years before finally dying of complications due to alcoholism. If it's not a morbid question, how was his life after that? I assume he survived?"
"Ah fair enough let's give it a few more years then. I'd refuse to retire it, honestly. This quote gets posted all the time, someone should write a bot that automatically responds with this shiba gif."
At least he didn't flip you the bird. No need to get your feathers ruffled.
Yes Only for POS -Shields- though right? Nothing else has variable resists in the structure bashing realm right?
"Honestly if there were a God and he wanted us to know about him he wouldn't have ordered people to write a book for him in one language, he would have done something far more direct. You'd think he would leave some evidence behind of the stories in. The bible too. I'm a paleontologist and there is no record in the fossil record of a worldwide flood. It would be pretty noticeable if there was."
"Either or, technically no US team has won the new CONCACAF champions league format The *UEFA* Champions League? Or the CONCACAF CL that starts midway through the season for every other league except the MLS?"
"I feel like anyone that owns a box of puppets would stoop to this level of crazy at some point. Vault 77, The Story A man and his Puppets"
"No, but I'm sure you could get the recon helmet from Bungie Congratulations, you now have super cancer!"
Or clinically retarded Its hard to retain anything when you are really high.
"They going back? ""We have been living in Nauru as prisoners for three years now,"" they said in the petition. ""We've decided to rescue ourselves by getting on boats once again."""
"Join us for Shenanidads, Sunday nights at 9 EST GTA playlist followed by free roam Introducing New Member Hey folks, I'm a college student that's pretty busy and only hop on GTAO/Battlefield occasionally. I was looking for a large crew full of adult players where I can easily blend in. Hope you all will have me."
"Derby Thai is good for lunch, not much else around. New Postgrad student at Caufield, any decent places for lunch around? As title, everything I saw around the uni/train station looked like dodgy asian joints and a KFC. That being said i haven't had a good look around."
With an orgasm Whats a good way to conclude the night?
"#HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA #RemoveKebab ""Firefighters Called 'Terrorists' For Putting American Flag on Firetruck."" Endgame culturally marxist leftism in action."
Cant Ayyven Ayy lmao correctly fuck you im divine
Are you referring to the Legend of Drunken Master? the second version of Drunken Master?
Who'd-a thunk it? It's a factory in Ohio that makes baskets.
"That's one of the greatest thing a I've ever heard! A lot of people on Tumblr cannot even. In a hilarious parody video someone twisted this into ""I have lost the ability to can"". Since ""to can"" and ""toucan"" sound very similar, toucan ownership surged and this surge immediately ended poverty worldwide thanks to its massive positive contribution to the global economy. Or something along those lines, I'm not actually a historian."
"Nice hair though! Nice try, Kenny."
Astronautical then? Aerospace Engineering!! Its only rocket science ;-)
"Congratulations, you missed the point on nearly every single thing he said. That's exactly why i'm kind of calling it ""bullshit"". Nothing against you though. That audio illusion is also perfect with earbuds, if something is all in your left ear it will be all in your left ear. All ""soundstage"" creates is a more natural feel for the instruments. It doesn't help point where the instruments are located. But what truly gives that wide feel is how the track was mixed : Panning and everything."
"This pic motivated me, then I tried my 5th round, proceeded to get rekt again.... that damn 6* Fei won't die..... Pfffffft! Who needs items?"
"I might cry myself to sleep. Calling you cuck is low effort, and satisfying."
"You put it on a house to get blown by the wind As a non-native English speaker, what is a weather penis?"
"I dunno man, but what about that time when Cyanide went 7/0 as Aatrox at semifinals I've got the same idea about Shook since that day, never seen somebody hard-carry THAT HARD in a jungle-position in a competive game ever since. Seriously, that little motherfucker. Did you hear the audio-recaps when he went full ham on that Janna support in that game decision-moment in the brush next to the gate. When everybody on the team told him:'NO NO NO DONT DO IT."" CONNOISEUR REGNAR SHOOK WENT IN. If they would have followed, OS janna, ZERO vision, Baron control, BAM Game won. But Shook will be... Shook."
"That kid will go far in life. So my roommate is from Colorado and she was telling me that, back home, elementary and middle schoolers write letters to the senior class on Prom day to warm them about underage drinking and such, this is the letter she got..."
"continued wingnut reposts. Sgt. Bergdahl, solider traded for five Taliban Commanders, to be charged with desertion."
Translation: we should cut health care and other important services more so that we can further do stuff that ends up only really helping the wealthy. 42% of average Canadian's earnings goes to taxes
"Beware of the ad. Baltimore Ravens Super Bowl Champion Diagnosed With Debilitating, Deadly Disease Decries Maryland's Assisted Suicide Bill"
Because it is. Nope it definitely can be replicated in customs. Roaming the map... It's really big. I definitely think this is a Forge canvas map.
"He told his wife years ago he could fit it in without any problems... It'll fit, it'll fit............ It's not going to fit. I work at a hardware store and had a guy come in a buy some wooden sleepers.He asked if I could give him a hand putting it in his car so I did. He took me to his car and I looked at the car and length of sleeper and was skeptical as to if it would fit. I told him it wasn't going to fit but he tried anyway. Lo and behold it doesn't fit. He says it just needs to go a little further to fit. He plays around with it and I hear a shatter. He just pushed the sleeper straight through the windshield. All he said was ""Fuck"". Follwed by his wife yelling at him. On the bright side it fits now."
Exactly like my NY's eve. When an ENTP pisses people off
Aaand now I want *more* internet. Yeah thats enough
"they have medical standards, too bad there isnt medical billing standards. So my brother got the bill from having twins..."
Once the album drops since everyone else is in a Anti-drug type of mood. Serious question. Ideally to get the most out of this experience I want to trip LSD when I hear the new album for the first time. However my dilemma is it takes a while for it to kick in. Should I take it before the stream just in case he plays it in the background while he finishes? Should I just wait until I have the album in front of me? If he plays it on the stream I don't want to miss out and not hear it while I have the chance. Suggestions?
"It actually used to be and has now been phased out but I know older people and MDs with BS in pre-medicinal studies No, it sure isn't"
"Wouldn't call that pure trap, but pure rap sure. TI what you know"
That click bait So I bought a knock-off EO tech for $300...
That was Messi driving the forklift after the game last night. Forklift operator runs over colleague in Chile.
"You raise a lot of good points, but while Nvidia has held the performance crown for the past few years, AMD has held it multiple times in the past; It's happened before, and it may or may not happen again. How many times are we going to say, 'I hope AMD knocks it out of the park with [insert newest architecture here]' until we realize that day will probably never come. Don't mean to sound snarky, but I think the performance disparity isn't going anywhere and the only way to affect pricing is to vote with your wallet. You don't like Nvidias prices? Buy AMD."
"Seriously, I'd loooove to see this thing do a quick pull. Videos?"
"The comparison isn't exactly deep or profoundly, except it's profoundly obvious. What's with you weirdos and comparing guns to dicks?"
Have an up vote. Fair enough.
"At least it's better than #hammerweek lmao How to get Grand Master Prestige Appreciation Day reward in only 3 hours! Don't think you can reach GMP in time for the event? Do you have a job or a family? Do you have a life outside of your room? Not to worry, there's an easy trick to recieving the reward in only 3 hours! Here's how: 1. Work at minimum wage paying job for 3 hours. You will earn $21.75 (7.25 x 3) 2. Buy the 10 Advanced Supply Drop pack for $19.99. 3. Enjoy your reward. Seriously, guys if you're not at least prestige 25, don't even bother. It's not worth your time. Pretend you never even saw SHG's post and play at your own pace."
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^i ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^don't ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^know Why the fuck did I just upvote you?
The Animated Series Majora's Mask
"""Nigger"" is usually racist. so in one context, when they say 'nigga' they mean a black person, and in the other context, when they say 'nigga' (cuz they dont say 'nigger', non-rhotic remember) it means...what?"
"Surprise, mother mmmpher! The Stair-Pyro strikes again!"
just your standard regular soloq player with 3 accounts in Challenger it's so exciting to see a regular soloq player getting picked
"""it's someone else's problem"" said every country they attempt to enter. Send them to other middle eastern countries? Saudi arabia has taken 0 refugees. They cant ignore them forever"
I think he's just an idiot. For me it looked like Kanjuro covered Kinemon's eyes on purpose so he wouldn't dodge that monkey. He may have wanted to seperate with Strawhats.
"I think most Rosberg fans just want to see their favourite driver clinch that title now that he finally seems to 100% have the upper hand. Why, surely you guys want a close fight? and a DNF would make things more even! and if Rosberg still won his championship would be sweeter! Or you guys just wanna cash in whilst ya can? Genuinely interested."
"Have a beer at Legends for me, I miss Nashville (in spite of the Preds unfriendly policies) Nashville Blackhawk fan here. The Redwings used to be the team the Preds absolutely hated, because they won so much. Since the departure of the Red Wings we've taken their place. Complaints of bandwagon fans, etc, are all I hear. I just drown them out by playing Chelsea Dagger. They hate us, cause they ain't us."
Let me know when a comedy central roast is something a Presidential candidate needs on their CV. Trump actually went on comedy central to be roasted. Let me know when Hillary does the same.
"Thats what the election will be for ~~Hilla~~ Joe. It's okay people, don't all thank me at once."
"Mike Teti: ""I'm being fucked"" IM FUCKING MIKE TETI!!!"
"This is tight, where from? An insight into the current mindset of Kanye"
Switch to a margin account. Any trading platform that doesnt have the 3day wait? Theres a 3 day clearance when you sell a stock for most platforms. Does anyone know of any reliable one that doesnt?
What do you mean? Wait so was it wrong?
"It's being designed using sketchup? Syfy is creating a new TV show (Defiance) and an MMO shooter set in the same world, where the events of the game will affect the story of the TV show"
"Usually I'm pretty good at guessing the top comments of a post cause Reddit is extremely predictable, but I'm surprised I had to scroll this far down for this. Girl in blue looks like Kate Mara."
Yeah true Time to move on. I'd much prefer bringing up a young guy to fill the spot.
How about looking for proof before posting a video? Source? I would like to see proof before i will delete this video.
"Don't the cell carriers hold records of sent messages, to aid in investigations like this? Then it'd be on the other guys' phones.... Much much more likely he said some unsavory things about people he shouldn't have or non-Gisele nudes or something"
"I think, as a former Secretary of State, she certainly knows better than you do about the topic. She seems like she thinks she knows better than anyone else on the planet."
What's the finish on it? My Blaster Gat.
Oculas Support please. *F.I.S.T.O. Simulator 2277*
Oh how you under estimate people. Checks too many boxes.
I watch shows like naruto and dbz dubbed just because that's how I grew up with them. Who the fuck watches Anime dubbed?
Millions more people like her over the opponent? Can you tell me why?
0 Because I'm not stupid enough to give any amount of money to doublers. What's the biggest amount of money a scammer has doubled to gain your trust?
What's the difference between a font and a typeface? *Typeface.* And I can't imagine it's exclusively from Starbound.
"I wouldn't be one bit surprised if the Tantive IV made an appearance later in the film...I hear Bail Organa has a cameo...maybe it's at the end with him saying he's sending his daughter to Obi-Wan on Tatooine w/ the plans...something of that bent. Likely not -- Tantive IV received transmissions of the plans and was on a ""diplomatic mission"" and so likely wouldn't have been near the battle."
"its already back though, SHIELD is officially out of the shadows now, and they are working with the government. I don't think the writers are interested in returning SHIELD back to what it should be."
I really wish I had saved my old IBM from '98 for this purpose. Just get an old beige case and put your PC in that.
"Believe me, I considered responding as well, but there are more important issues at hand with the poor fate of the OP's friend to waste time with this nonsense. Probably a good idea."
"But can he dodge a ball? If he can throw a tweet, he can throw a ball"
COO BE. Have you ever had Beetlejuice enter your mind while launching a massive cumshot?
now that is really odd ... Plankton Cause Hurricanes! Urgent Action Required!
thought it was a dalmatian from the small preview picture Friday the 13th edition.
"Trailer Park Boys A show on Netflix, about...well...trailer park boys What's TPB?"
"You should try and sell the RON currency to the US Republicans , they would probably love that brand ! In Romania it was supposed to be adopted in 2019, but it got postponed to an indefinite 2025. But Romanians already think in Euros, from rent, phone credit and contracts, car prices, real estate, large appliances, bank loans, vacations, plane tickets, electronics, services, almost everything is in EUR, so much so that many people can't figure out the value of something expressed in RON, until they convert it's price to Euros. **I only wish that by the time Romania goes Euro, the Euro would have gone exclusively electronic.** That would be the end of 95% of all corruption."
"Great interview, loved it. Bernie's brother: Parents would have been so proud"
^^mumble ^^mumble ^^mumble **I WANTED TO** **Why'd you leave the keys upon the table**
"He attempted two audacious chips in the game, both hitting the woodwork. Suarez's lost masterpiece against West Ham"
Is tunnel vision the thing when your sight becomes distorted as if the world's resolution kind of glitched? yeah i'll just sit around sometimes and blur my vision or stare at things and give myself tunnel vision
"Calm down, Satan. Mine occurred to me, appropriately, at the mall yesterday. 1. Drive to the mall, shopping center, ect. 2. Find the busiest parking lot. 3. Secure a prime spot nearest the doors as possible. 4. Place your car in reverse, with your foot firmly on the brake. Use of the parking brake might also be advisable. 5. Read a book, have lunch, basically kill some time. 6. Count the death glares of the harried shoppers that wasted time waiting for you to pull out."
"Looking back on it now, Mermaid Daryl was the first time I'd ever been sexually stirred by a woman. Mermaid Daryl Hannah from *Splash.*"
*Courtseys** *bows*
They'll release the game for the XBox juan and then two years later for the scorpio and pc I guess that's a no :(
I don't believe in climate change. What phrase or sentence can someone say to make you completely lose your respect for that person?
"Not to mention yes can mean yes today but months after you've last seen her it can suddenly mean no. Yeah, and bluepills can't figure out why we went GYOW. Its cause we got tired of these kinds of retarded expectations. What is absolutely astounding, is that if men were actually psychic, and could read women's thoughts like women seem to want men to be able to. Then I have the feeling that most of those psychic men would pretty much become MGTOW then and there. Reading a woman's thoughts, *shudder*."
"I seen.some on clearance at a local store and wanted to be sure, ty! I think they still do"
"I've never been one to care enough online about arguing to back myself up. So... no, you don't have an example."
Excellent point. When a human being behaves like a mountain goat this is the result.
Loss prevented isn't a thing that is automatically turned on for a single game. Still not receiving loss prevented like we should
and me when sitting couch at hom 'yes' When where you when Matthews score? I was sitting home wachin hockey when frend ring 'Matthews is score' 'no'
;) LOL you skank =P
"Yup, considering the amount of 'Premium' content in the game, it's shockingly p2w free. At least they aren't permanently locking game changing equipment behind a pay wall. I like their current model over games like WoT. Could you imagine MC-only UACs with built-in 50% jam reduction quirk? MC Ammo with double the bullets per ton? That's what pay to win actually looks like."
"If you don't mind me asking is windows mouse acceleration called ""enhance pointer precision""? Make sure your mouse speed on windows is on 6/11. Also make sure that windows acceleration is off. I don't quite understand what you mean by it feeling laggy. Perhaps you have a larger input lag?"
O G
"it's like something straight out of arrested development. I went to a beach cleanup day with some other members of my company a few months ago, and I felt like this. We can argue about whether its good or bad that hundreds of people drove fossil fuel cars all across the city to pick up a marginal amount of trash from an arbitrary location for it's own sake, but the kicker was the congratulatory barbecue. Sponsored by coca cola, the barbecue served burgers, hot dogs and salad on styrofoam plates with plastic forks, bags of lays chips, cookies in plastic bags, water in plastic bottles and coke and sprite poured from two liter bottles into paper cups. The trash was of course carried away in plastic trash bags. I saw one trash can tip over and napkins and paper cups flying all over the beach we had just ""cleaned up"" and nobody batted an eye. The coca-cola trucks were on full display and the hundreds of t-shirts printed for the event proudly declared that it was the ""Coca-Cola 2014 Beach Cleanup"" It is sick, to turn recycling into advertisement, but that's the least of the crimes these companies are guilty of. I feel like I'm taking crazy pills all the time these days. So much mindless consumption and waste pushed by television and blindly accepted by most people without a second thought. Hard to figure out how to respond."
Please learn how to communicate with people! are you one of those people that needs the last word?you guys are always so cute. this is my last reply. so lets see if you can hold it in. its always such a struggle for ya'll
Wut? Valuable AMA from a black man on C-town
"I'm not sure, but I think it could be **no brakes** What phrase does it contain? It looks like no brakes but I could be mistaken"
thats more than my entire computer is worth! I thought to myself 'how much could a 10tb drive cost?' Google answered; approx 1 fuckload ($1000)
Thats awesome. Now everyone will know how fast I can go.
"I do the same thing, but isn't it bad for our eyes if we keep using it longer than one month? I got the monthly contacts too. I wear them for 2-3 months straight before they start to feel dry. My half year supply lasts me 1-2 years"
blocking traffic on the freeway should be included in scumbags. Just something to remember going forward. Shame on the looters and fire-starters.
*No more pokeballs* Me in the current event
No its a cosplayer I thought he was an Assassin
To this day I still have no idea who invited the hawgs. wtF! seriously? someone is friends with someone like that? like friendly enough to spend the weekend out in the middle of nowhere with? how can she be so oblivious? was hawgette raised in a barn?
She's Romanian. What country has those chairs in school?
"But she isn't, though. I get that she's smart, I don't think anyone can argue that, but do you truly believe she hasn't committed any crimes? I just don't understand that level of cognitive dissonance. I'm voting Johnson and letting the chips fall where they may- but you Hillary supporters all seem so blind or willfully ignorant of how God awful she is."
... and a partridge in a pear tree! Motorcyclist posts video of himself popping a wheelie on an unlicensed bike and with no drivers license. Gets justice.
"All I see is ""Working as intended."" dude, scorch melees sometimes takes your melee charge but don't give you an overshield nor damage and burn the guy you facepalmed."
Almost certainly Almost?
junk science Anyway to calculate the cost of lowering your carbon footprint?
"From his own smug ass of course. By ""very, very low"", do you mean 0? I'm sorry you can't accept the fact that level 32 yellows DON'T DROP. I spent hours farming DZ05 and DZ06 today, by the way. So did several others I have spoken to. No idea where you're getting your information from."
"I understood that reference, for what it's worth. Any dog under 50 pounds is a cat, and cats are pointless"
"Personally I prefer ME2 in terms of playability, but the story was best in the first one I think. If I were to play only ONE Mass Effect game, which one should i get? I'm on a tight budget."
I don't get it. Aim for the horn Pikachu!
jonnyboy829 ToO LF1 to get 8 wins and/or Flawless Please be experienced an leave psn below if you want to join
"oh fail Oh i understand - but 'on accident' isn't a term, it's 'by accident'."
Nobody talks about rs3 We talking rs3 or osrs here.
Didn't they say it would be available this summer? I think it's purely a design study. They won't sell it. And it sounds like it's a dual Fiji single card.
"HE SAID, HE KEEPS BURNING HIS HOUSE DOWN NEARLY EVERY DAY. Wait... What?"
"""valve predetermines the areas for that type of skin."" mag?"
IT GOES IT GOES IT GOES You mean penis guillotine?
Social Cohesion = Sacrifice + Reciprocation Whens the last time people willingly sacrificed for the community? At least 2 shot at Zombicon
"I thank our janitors all the time. Your dad has got it right. You thank them for thanking you. The civilian thanks the service member for their service and the service member thanks the civilian for acknowledging them. Frankly you can say ""thank you for your service"" to anyone who provides a service. Thank your teachers."
GET A GRIP I can't Handle this comment
Chatting shit on an Embiid thread lol did he? For what?
Relax Storm Johnson is a sneaky hold.
The real LPT. Lpt: nonchalantly take a picture of someone's keys you plan to rob.
That would be amazing! I actually didn't know about pinterest when I planned my wedding (apparently I was living under a rock) However I am using it to help plan the other two weddings I'm in next year. I send you a private message with the link :)
I like how his food is on the other side of the table. Dinner Date
"He was also a pretty great host for the Alliance Tournaments over the years, it would be nice to see if he is going to have any presence on any of Riot's broadcasts. PLEASE UPGRADE EU SERVERS!!!!!!! :P no seriously i have heard a lot of him at the eve side of how talented this guys is so hopefully he will be bringing a lot of changes to the clients, gameplay and overall game itself :)"
"Nope, but lots of companies do the Global Corporate Challenge, our company just added the prizes. Do you work at 3M?"
Also thats not a white spot on its back. Central VA- very small fellow
"They do make good entertainment now, the plot holes mind you. Obviously there were writings whose writers were deliberately lying, I'm pretty sure that at least some books of the bible are such, but no, they weren't for entertainment purposes."
":( Free WoD key, enjoy"
"Yet, It's perfectly acceptable to coach them in sport A lot of schools will fire teachers in spot if they are linked with students on social media or video games. A friend of mine was almost fired because he was friends with his little brother and a friend or 2 of his even though it was from before he even started college."
"Ayer lo vi, pero no tenia idea de que era :v Planetario Galileo Galilei, noche de Superluna"
"Electric mats, for sure. I'm not in it for the efficiency, just want warm feet. I noticed the insulation in the picture...I can't imagine you'd have to use very high quality stuff, though, since you're basically trying to keep heat up, rather than keeping it down"
"Literally nothing on xbox one, again Xbox Live Games with Gold for June 2015"
"He is still a rookie, only time will tell. I was really hoping once he got better coaching in the pros his fumbling trend would stop."
Same here on lg Currently only 1.9 gbs on my iphone.
Stick to polar bears. It's my suicide plan.
"Still looks nice, too. Vast majority are, but there are a couple of actual gouges =/ It's my own fault for cleaning the bowl before it cooled down, especially knowing that I shouldn't. But I honestly didn't expect that quick of a break down. Regardless, still one of my most used bowls!"
Rcmp What is the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Canada?
"This post will barely get any upvotes and atleast as a human if you're not going upvote, don't downvote it. BBC News: Amnesty accuses Myanmar military of 'crimes against humanity'"
I know this sub likes to shit on Landeskog and call him a dirty player but I don't care that was one clean monster hit! Captian Fight: Landeskog vs Weber
Still no sign for me (in UK) Unlocked HTC 10 receiving October security updates
alrighty man I'll get back to you if I decide to pull the trigger Hmm idk. I had 2 I just traded one for something worth about 50k. I really want to see what happens in the draft with it. The best offer I would take would be something from 80k-100k. I saw on a mock draft somewhere cooper might land there and I'd really want him.
"tell that to the borg. No no, she HATED Time Travel lol. Captain Janeway: Time travel. Since my first day on the job as a Starfleet captain I swore I'd never let myself get caught in one of these godforsaken paradoxes - the future is the past, the past is the future, it all gives me a headache."
"I disagree he wasn't a good president, he was just handed some really, really shitty cards. Say what you will about GWB but he has showed immense class by not criticizing his successor. Obama has given him so many opportunities to tee off on him and he has kept his peace. Even when the Obamas blamed him for every ill imaginable he kept his peace. He wasn't a great president but I feel he's a pretty good man."
"Wow that was painful to watch Ya, from even closer"
And we all know that there's no way a war between countries that both have nukes would end any other way than nuclear winter. Someone who wanted war.
Bret screwed Bret. What conspiracy theory do you genuinely believe in the most? What conspiracy theory do you believe in the most and why?
"i believe you're thinking about Crytek, not CDPR Maybe now they can pay their employees."
This bottle holds a little more than 30 ml :-) That's so cute I want to do this. Like i'm kind of OCD about how my makeup collection looks sitting on my vanity and I don't like a couple of my foundation bottles and this is perfect lol.
Meanwhile the Republicans are actually doing most of the taking. I went through an embarrassing Republican phase for a few years and I'll just say that conservative talk radio and Fox News are extremely good at what they do. I wouldn't exactly call it brainwashing but they can convince millions of uninformed middle class and even downright poor people that Democrats want to take all your stuff away from you.
"He sucks so hard, can't even troll properly I don't get it"
"Dah self importance in dat femmy, doe AMRer posts to menslib ""as a female"". It goes... just fine actually. So naturally she claims women are dismissed there, tells people to ""read a book"" when they disagree, and demands scientific proof that men often pay for dates. Concludes that women are not welcomed on that sub"
"Turn the other cheek is hebrew for "" HOLD THE FORT TO THE LAST MAN"" ""The bible says we have the right to defend ourselves"" Facepalm city."
"Less than 100,000 rounds fired I'm sure. How used is it?"
"Is that the one in Wilsonville? Cars and Coffee at Portland's World of Speed, Got a Good Pattern Going!"
"I recommend it If you like a Devils podcaster perspective u/Clarkson23 and I have one we currently are running. We approach it as a ""two guys talking about hockey"""
"The dark grays are linear, like cherry red switches, while the light grays are tactile but not clicky, like cherry browns. Does it get any stiffer? I'm a **very** heavy typist who recently purchased a POK3R with MX greens. I thought they would be *way* heavier, and yet I'm bottoming out with ease. Does it get any stiffer? I've heard of something like ""dark grays"" but haven't found any good info."
Mmmmmm i wish sgares would get behind me :(
"Has any cunt seen this in a bottlo? TIL Foster's Lager, an Australian brand of lager, was created by two Irish American brothers who arrived in Melbourne, Australia from New York in 1886. Fosters was first exported in 1901, when bottles were sent to Australian combatants in the Boer War."
missed conversion lead to OT or Tie :) What's the difference between a five and six point game?
"Oh, my bad. The comment you replied to said ""should"" not ""is""."
half the sub is common sense advice and the other half is living out justice/drama boners through distressed ops. Why go that far? Why assume something to sinister? When it comes down to it she's not getting what she wants and that's a good enough reason to break up but your boredom from a lack of drama is going to put crazy ideas in her head for no good reason.
"Watch the Japanese trailers for it, ignore the English ones. Wow I haven't even heard of it. I'll check it out. Sounds cool."
"Ask them if they can direct you to the proper drinking fountain, in case they have those segregated by gender or race, too. Walk in and order. When they say it's woman and trans only, tell them that it's not their place to decide what gender you are, and that they will not be seeing inside your pants."
That's pretty fucking badass. Just made a wallpaper. My first one.
"WEL-COME.TO.EARTH-WORLD.WHERE.YOU.WILL.BE.EX-TER-MINATED! No, it won't be a concentration camp. According to the PR, the aliens will be protecting and breeding us in captivity.. and we'll love working with their human trainers for food, and being paraded and humiliated in front of the alien crowds for their amusement."
"It means anal in the woods TINDER CODES Is the phrase ""anything outdoors"" code for something on Tinder? Or are all of you guys just really unoriginal?"
"But for real; Beyonce had one of the best albums of all time. ""Our staff didn't like this album, so no one could've possibly liked it either."""
Now I have more regrets for not being able to make it to Germany! :D It was one of the best parties organised at the house
"The icing can be fixed, nice pick up Picked these up for 100$ good deal?"
"When I first read your comment I thought you meant the girls life was precious and that this guy should have to sit and think about it the rest of his life Some people belive life is so precious, they think this man should sit in a cell and think about what he did. I'm content with putting a $0.25 bullet through their head. There was nothing precious about this thing's life."
"And thankfully this is just pure rage, not motivated by anything like racism or sexism, just pure bitching and moaning... Delicious delicious tear covered popcorn I love it when the popcorn involves unbridled rage and video games. It's so sweet, like kettle corn. I hope this WOW fiasco can feed us all through the winter."
"..why would you're mom be ""extremely uncomfortable and offended"" no offence but is she 5? There's this chain in my city called Memphis Blues that's a BBQ place, and there is not a single menu item that is vegan. Cornbread? Lard. Cole slaw? Mayo, of course. And Bacon. Side salad? Covered in Bacon. Not simulated bacon bits... actual pieces of bacon. I had to go with family once because it was my brother's birthday right before he moved away and he picked the spot. My mom said she would be extremely uncomfortable and offended if I sat and watched them eat and didn't order anything. They got a platter of flesh, and I basically sipped water and ate a bowl of plain, undressed lettuce, while being given the stink eye by everyone who worked there because I dared to ask if the salad dressing was vegan (it wasn't.)"
"Burn the heretics, blood for the blood god? My brother is one of these :C WHAT DO?!"
"Would make sense along with the Ian we've seen in his latest videos being fake as well theory This is the fake ethan, we need the real papa franku to defeat him"
"very true, but i thought it an interesting conversation starter Not to say that this article is in any way no longer correct, but it is worth pointing out (from a literacy standpoint) that it is almost a decade old."
"Well if a 12th century Papal bull said it, it must be binding. Found while perusing an Aussie Freeman's facebook page: Notice of... erm... something..."
"Nicotine is nicotine. What do you guys think about e-cigarettes? Also, this is day 1! Today, as planned, I've stopped smoking. Gotten rid of my ashtray, lighters and given my remaining cigarettes away. I've been a smoker for about 8 or 9 years and was averaging one pack per day. This won't be the first time I've attempted to quit. Last time I went the cold turkey route - absolutely no nicotine whatsoever. No gum, no patches, nothing. I lasted about three weeks. This time I've decided that I'm going to take all the help I can get. If I get a craving, I've got some nicotine gum on hand and two e-cigarettes to puff on or hold. The way I see it, I'm still spending a lot less money by using these instead of buying actual cigarettes and my health will still be improving. Or will it? I don't know much about e-cigarettes and I'm wondering what you all think of them - are they beneficial or will they keep me attached to the feeling of smoking in a way that may cause me to relapse? Of course I know that 99% of quitting is about having the correct attitude and motivation. I view it as an exciting opportunity to end my smoking habit, have more money and feel better. I'm looking forward to having extra money to spend on tastier food or treat myself every once in a while! I always knew in the back of my head that I would have to quit one day and by putting it off I'll only reduce my chances of that happening while I'm still young and healthy. So yes. I dunno how to end this post! But I'm looking forward to this. Is anyone else quitting today? What are your plans for dealing with cravings? Any useful tips? Anything goes I guess! But I would like to hear your thoughts on e-cigs too. Cheers!"
And people care because it's DELICIOUS. A triangle shaped chocolate bar with bits of honey and nougat in it.
but the 3DS has 3D porn 4k HD ftw
If mobs don't get him Jordan's melons will be used by whoever kills him... I predict. ;)
Does that prohibition continue if there is a pandemic and bodies need to be burned to prevent the spread of disease? *shrug*
"\#7429 1,877 This website ranks people based on number of hours played on Steam. Where do people from this sub place at?"
That would be hilarious She should paint it like a old fighter plane. Paint a pin-up Blake on it. Paint a new bee on when she takes down an enemy.
"Yeah I heard he is really good sword fighting, that fish wouldn't stand a chance Good thing it didnt target the guy in the chair."
"Oh my, that's really tragic for whoever had to clean that out... On a trip to Ally Pally, our coach driver announced the coach toilet was *for whispering, not shouting*. Ah, reminds me of a coach trip to France. We were assured that (for some reason) the on-board facilities were for... fluids only. Within a short space of time, a woman had taken a massive shit in there and put it out of action for the duration."
"Hardware limited how? Seriously. IT at work asked me the other day if they could virtualize my servers several times. ""I'm hardware limited....No."""
Hardly newsworthy. Muslim Children brutally attack Non-Muslim child in England
I'm thinking it happened when they were forced to go from SD to HD. Walked into a site to do some installs and see this in the ceiling...
"Or you could not be cheap And it always gets gold. (Psst, someone, give him gold to make this relevant)"
"People talk *shit* on the Browns, but they go to the Super Bowl basically every day. This is what I'm currently doing."
"Like, perhaps, a pair of cat handcuffs. In the first pic, I like how there is clearly a little, simple thing just off-camera, just inspiring the shit out of this guy."
"Don't be such a faggot and ask him to leave, faggot I am considering ways to put my roommate in debt so he has to move out I'm consistently annoyed by my roommate, so I have been trying to come up with ways to make his already failing budget hit a tipping point, where he can't make rent and I can replace him. I thought about hiring someone to ""steal"" his bike so that he needs to buy one unexpectedly. Any other ideas?"
"Absolutely love it! I've been calling this one ""unicorn barf""... It's so sparkly!"
Lenny or Leo? Federer
I was thinking the same thing erveek. I think I'd take my chances on Mars at that point.
"Well, thanks for the help No worries, always a useful lpt to know. They can get out of whack whenever the circumference of the roll is equal to the length of a sheet, and if it stays that way and the roll gets smaller as you use it, it can wind up looking like a bizarre manufacturing defect."
"Has Mark May given his take on Ohio State getting in since the rankings have gotten released? CFP Selection Show It's finally time: Who's in, who's out? It's the 3rd College Football Playoff Selection show! Two threads will be posted when the rankings are revealed: a general thread, and a joke/meme-free serious discussion thread."
"How is it different from the mini? Just got in mine in the mail. WOW what a pain in the ass to build on a full size Nautilus it is! Probably more suited for the Nautilus Mini. Overall it gives a little nicer vape than the regular stock replacement coils, but not by a whole lot. So the only real big benefit is cost savings on coils if you'd rather spare the time than the cash!"
"Damn the rain was freezing last night, I know what you mean! Went out with a TBM woman last night... You might first be wondering why a closet disbeliever is going out with a TBM woman in the first place. It's a combination of ""I'm not entirely sure myself"" and ""it's complicated"". In any event, over the course of the evening I got an interesting glimpse at the strange and confusing thing that is the TBM worldview. We started with the customary small talk, but then things took a more serious turn. We talked a little about how her life is now as a single, divorced mother of two children. She talked about how difficult it was, and then said she couldn't wait for the second coming to happen. When I asked her about why, specifically, she gave me the standard TBM line about how evil the world has become and how great things will be when Jesus comes...1,000 years of peace and prosperity, Satan bound, no temptation, blah blah...however the story goes. I've read many articles over recent years that tell a different story about the state of the world...that in many key metrics the world is actually becoming a BETTER place. Deaths due to war are down, crime is down, rape, etc. I told her a little about what I had read, and asked her for some specific examples of how the world has become more evil. Probably not surprisingly, she went straight to the proliferation of pornography and the ""epidemic"" it is on the family. I told her that I had read in various places that Utah actually had the highest per capita porn site visitation of any state, and I asked her why she thought that was the case. She gave me a perplexed look for a second, but then after some thought came back confidently that it must be because Satan is trying extra hard to tempt the good Mormon men of Utah, yea, even the very elect. It was an internal struggle the whole night for me to not go off on these issues, guns blazing, but in the end I decided to not prod too much and be respectful of her views. Lastly, I recently read a book called ""Sex &amp; God"", and in the book it cites various studies that show that the sexual behaviors of religious and non-religious people really aren't that different. They both basically have the same rates of pre-marital sex, masturbation habits, etc. The difference between the two is not behavior, but rather the GUILT felt afterward. Religious people still do it, but then often feel extreme guilt later. Non-religious people...not so much. And of course the ""cure"" for the guilt is more church, more prayer, more scriptures. A nice, slick self-perpetuating mechanism. I bring that up because later in the evening, as I was driving her back to her car, she suggested we park for a little bit. Yeah, that kind of park. Being the guilt-free heathen that I am now, I readily agreed. We braved the freezing rain (those in the Morridor know what I'm talking about) to exit the front seat of my relatively small car for the console-free back seat, and proceeded to have a very awkward, space-constrained, high school flashback inducing, make out session. Without getting too graphic...let's just say she did some very un-TBM woman-like things. The first thought I had was, I'm now glad I WAS respectful of her views earlier. But the second thought I had was that part of the ""Sex &amp; God"" book I referenced above. Often times, in the heat of the moment, biological drive can trump even the most powerful religious programming. As I type this morning, I can't help but wonder if she is now feeling the extreme guilt that the book talks about. It's so sad to me that religion takes one of the most natural human pleasures and, in essence, hijacks it for it's own proliferation. Anyway, I guess my overall point of this post is to say that, the further removed I get from the church and as I learn new worldviews and philosophies, the more bizarre the church members' explanations and justifications for things are to me, and just thought I'd share. Happy Second Saturday! :)"
"Yes because chip was known for his traditional, by-the-books west coast offense... Which were nearly identical with what Chip was doing here."
She is a fantastic spotter when I bench pr sHE HAS WORKED HARD TO CLOSE THE WAGE GAP BETWEEN HER AND THE kING OF sAUDI aRABIA.
Midnight CEST Ah I was really wondering what time it would reset so I know how much time I have left to push ranks.
"Can't find it, what do I have to look for? Stream of Irrelevancy. HI #11"
is a tosser not an english insult? A foxtosser. I toss foxes.
"Lots of bits 'n strips. Bacon bits, steak bits, steak strips, bacon strips, chicken bits, chicken strips, plus extra garlic dipping sauce - lots of it."
"[](/party) Well this is my first time seeing it, so I tip my hat to you. Oh, so it is! I'm sorry. Thanks for checking up on it! [](/rtwihappy)"
Thoughts? The next step? Should the people encourage our Representatives to do this?
"Exactly that would have been my answer, too! ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- ----5-----------------------5---------------5--------------------------5----- -5----(4h5-tr~~~~)(10\7)-5-----4~(/10\7)-5-----(4h5-tr~~~~)-(/10\7)-5------4- -3-----------------------3---------------3--------------------------3--------"
Very interesting concept that it may be a failed experiment of multi cellular life. Deep sea 'mushroom' may be new branch of life.
exactly what went through my head when he mentioned that lol LOL this caster Overpass was a good decision for CSGL Overpass was picked randomly as CSGL failed to act in time
Because most votes on the left fail to show up at mid-term elections (or make the perfect the enemy of the good) Why is this the government we have....
Just need to hear from Lord Reed of the Neck now. R+L=J
"plus corporations are given tax incentives, big ones too to go into developing for something as niche as this. They should be tossing it out because corporations shouldn't be allowed to sue countries"
Now i want to see the upgrades of the other units aswell All Scout Promotions
Oh_Honey.jpg meanwhile Iran massacres Iraqis and Syrians. foh
Other than chrome not usually but I'll check if anything is running in the background. Do you have other programs active that could be stealing focus?
hearthstone happened So did Artosis give any reason for cancelling Meta? I assume it's been cancelled since there hasn't been an episode for nearly 4 months. Did he ever say why?
"Yep, it's from test session in Mugello earlier this year. That clearly is not Hockenheimring. Proof of it is that there is no yellow FXXK. That said, the lineup is likely similar, can't wait to be there tomorrow!"
"To be fair he might not even see play as 2/4, 2 damage is really low in this meta and the silence would be neat against some matchups but doesn't matter in most I like how everyone forgets Keeper of the grove, really shows how the nerf murdered him"
"This is on peaceful as well, so no creepers will be blowing shit up. The most peaceful looking screenshot you will ever take is when your difficulty is set to peaceful"
NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga NIga Survey on the Sexual Behavior of Tamils on the entire earth Results: Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel Navel
"The Kent State Massacre, however, was an anomaly from an otherwise perfect generation, I'm sure. Posted by a 23 year old grandma"
Does Trump pray? Shady Pastor to Pray With Trump At Inauguration
"I play with like 20 fps and this is fucked check top comment, the guy plays with 10-20 fps"
Dwyane Wade Who is the best player from your alma mater?
"got a timestamp His ""fun fact"" about the railroads &amp; the flat earth thing was crazy. I've been thinking about it since he said it."
"All Day I Dream About Shooting 12% By the way, James Harden is shooting 12% on uncontested shots through three games."
ITT: Assholes. People who don't use their turn signals when changing lanes or turning... Why?
it's mac only I used the Self Control app and I think it's free
"That's some sweet tomato. A friend was proudly showing me this, butt of course the internet has ruined me."
"Restart uplay, there are new legal terms to accept. Is the game down? I am unable to invite friends to matches, be invited, or queue up. I have already validated local game files. Anyone else having these issues?"
"Fair enough, we hope McDonald's makes yours automated. Judging by how rude these comments are i hope Trum p makes your jobs private."
*You think dahrknesh is your ally* then just become batman from the dark knight rises
"Yes, but who's Dann? Wow, this isn't common knowledge anymore? Dann, I'm old. ;)"
Fighting cancer with cancer Cold
aka Steven fucking finally asks the follow up questions. The biggest thing I want to see in Season 4 Steven lashing out at Pearl and Garnett for constantly only telling him half truths or simple lies. I want him to be sick of being treated like a seven year old.
Well I just thought the leader should be somebody with the capacity for abstract thought. Damn! We're in a tight spot!
"Most likely not at IGF. Surely this admission, if true, should be enough to have her thrown from the judging panel."
"Silver Surfer for the NES would be a frigging cakewalk if he was as powerful as he is in lore. If every character was as powerful as they were in lore, which would be the easiest video game? The hardest?"
Doesnt need to be jacked when he's got those hands and quickness at his disposal Good I hope he gets jacked and becomes the #1 receiver in the NFL next year
"Like many technologies starting out those who invented it often were well aware of the possible applications long term but simply lacked materials, technology or required additional research. Yeah, but, how did they know? I mean, I'm staring, right now, at a 1080p LCD display. Yes, LCD tech has been around for decades. But when I was a little kid (90s), LCDs were used for shitty calculator displays. They were also all monochrome, which is not covered by the prediction, but it's still amazing how far it's come. The LCDs of the 60s were not LCD displays, they were shite. Useful for only a few, fixed-purpose devices. Predicting they would become the go-to display technology is still a valid and interesting prediction. Of course, they are not really predicting that much, but it still blows my mind to think about how far LCDs have come in my lifetime. Or I'm misremembering, but I think I have a point."
"Do not disrespect lord flusha well he is not wrong, he is a god..sent player"
"Go sell your sausage someplace else. I've been making these massive steel chairs in the desert, let me know what you guys think!"
"#/facepalm Well, another one bites the dust. woops *sand*"
*hug* You already linked me to this one . . . Don't try to inflate the amount of evidence you have.
The feel of cotton on dry fingers What's your nails on a chalkboard sound you can't stand?
"oh my bad didn't read close enough, then I suggest ryze Oh I thought I agreed with his suggestion with Morg not Kat =/. She would have a tough time landing combos."
I think your grandpa dug an executioner axe. Turns out I have an old axe my grandpa dug from his garden in London several decades ago. He put the handle on it and tried to use it to chop wood.
"The Art of Driving in the Rain your a dog person Looking for a book that will break my heart Love, heartbreak, loss, breakups, lingering feelings, nostalgia, etc. I want something emotional. Some of my favorite writers/books that might help: Chuck Palahniuk, *The Great Gatsby*, James Frey, Bret Easton Ellis, *Freedom* by Jonathan Franzen, *The Perks of Being a Wallflower*, Charles Bukowski. Make my heart hurt."
"doesn't GOG have this too, let me check Rise of the Tomb Raider,get it on Steam or Windows App Store?"
Yes If you dc in raid can you rejoin your firearm? Title My internet isn't very good and I want to do Vault of Glass but don't know if I can rejoin my fireteam if I dc.
Lolness Dana shit talking a fan made UFC 200 poster
"Best goal you've ever score, so far :^) Best goal i've ever scored :3"
just slide to the right and other options will appear Anyone else getting Uber chopper as the only option in their app? Anyone..?
"...walks into a bar. A Reality Star, a Mental Health Advocate, and a Harvard Guy"
"Damn jews killing jews in order to drive out arabs! Well, that's why people say it was a jewish conspiracy to create Israel, since it would be pretty impossible to do so without holocaust."
"I know that if *I* had berries, I would want to eat them alone, so I wouldn't have to share them. Something about that one typo makes ""A Berry Alone Miserable Woman"" sound like a good thing."
"Yeap. Wow man getting better at this game really is a mindset. I've been playing with this guy for almost 2 hours. For the whole first hour he was literally smashing me every game. I kept playing him obviously so I could improve... But then after a certain amount of time, I came to the realization that I was playing the same way, making the same mistakes. I really put in a more conscious effort at that point to change my playstyle based on his. The next two games I actually won! The 3rd was was EXTREMELY close but I lost. The next ones, I lost, but they were totally different games than the ones before... Good games. I guess you could call me... The Real Amiibo"
"Applying to a new job like... Why yes, I am bilingual Is Klingon A Living Language? That's For (Human) Courts To Decide"
Sound for Head Noises For Thinking Box.
"It doesn't seem like they listen anyway. Why don't you, you know, ""forget"" to tell them from now on."
"Thats one problem too itself, but the main problem is that FACEIT offers very unrealistic ""ELO"" systems for the players and ""possibilities"" for higher leagues and matches for the solo players, that are infact nearly IMPOSSIBLE to achieve, because, well, the soft reset that is there every month. tbh i prefer valves mm over faceits shit servers"
"Yeah okay maybe the majority? I don't think all of them think MJ was muslim, mate..."
Justinstant kill Kalista Rend Transfer (Reddit play) in Master/High Diamond
AMD hasn't been leading in GPU for a while. AMD cards are known to run Minecraft at a lower speed than Nvidia cards.
Guess we can just make up headlines then... JPJ catching Malay Muslim girls who are going out with Banglas
I'm surprised nobody's mentioned the fast TTK and low recoil (for worst). From a competitive standpoint what do you think is the best and worst thing with ghosts?
YES YES AND YES! Podolski to TFC?
"&lt;3 you and &lt;3 Futuresight, I still want Stifle to 1 Mana stone rain, but I can work with this. Aquafier, [[trickbind]]. [[trickbind]], Aquafier. Now kiss."
Sounds like a Cat Facts candidate to me. I'm usually bad at comebacks. Help please!!
No Look what i caught!
Thank you. A few hours
"Chess, I love chess If you could from now on only play one game for your entire life which would you choose and why?"
don't think they're currently taking orders Where can I find bddmv's website
I wonder if this is because of a certain site that allows you to bet on your own MM games... MM hackers getting out of control I played 5 games this week 2 of which my teammates decided to full on spin bot because the other team was also doing so 2 games were HACKSvsHACKS Im currently in another game with enemy full on spin botting When can i play csgo again ?
My scharnhorst would like a word. People disrespect it all the time and try to AP the bow. I laugh at them as I shoot back for 10-12k. I'm happy people ripped on the ship so much because everyone thinks it sucks.
So would Tammy. Shane would.
"Only thing its missing are 2 heavily armed guards. Papers, Please."
Sup Perspectives Global - Giveaway
*wild west music plays* We don't like clickbait titles around here.
I found the feminist! Mods ban this guy all he does is post sexist outrage bait and leave hateful comments in other subs.
"You don't know what the situation is like for nursing students, so personally I think you should mind your own business instead of insulting people for doing their jobs dude. you don't know what the situation is in my country, so shut the fuck up and mind your own you piece of shit"
"These comments are just terrible. Activists promise biggest climate march in history. Hundreds of thousands of people are expected to take to the streets of New York, London and eight other cities worldwide in a fortnight to pressure world leaders to take action on global warming"
Nothing against Lil B. Just don't free Lil Wayne. May Based God find his way into your life.
"Shall I eat the cuttrefish and asparagus, Kyru, or the vanirra pasto? Cuttlefish and asparagus."
"Yah, can you imagine the skating rink that would create in the winter? Great summertime idea."
"Dear God, what have you done to your doors? So last spring I started feeding a squirrel at work, her name is Marla"
I watched that like GET HIS GET HIS ASS when he started whooping the bully. That's What You Get: Bully Gets Popped Starting A Fight With The Wrong Kid! (16 Sec Clip)
"I have to ask, why am I seeing so many lefty counter strike videos? Nice 3k pistol round on Stream today"
"Why didn't you put the %difference on the ""pixels"" row? quick comparison chart for those ""spec-loving"" folks out there."
"English is hard ok... I think that was a whoosh there, Pal."
"How'd she get Ryan Stiles? My family is pretty odd. Tonight, my mom hired an Elvis impersonator and didn't tell anyone about it."
"Looks as if they are getting what they want Yep, ISIS considers fleeing the Caliphate to be a sign of apostasy and it's punishable by death. People are fleeing anyways, which is why ISIS continually plays up the danger of fleeing along with western bigotry toward refugees as a reason to stay."
"Well also before codified laws, people would kill people for minor grievances too. Oh I fully agree. Before codified laws, humans used to shun people that hurt others or defrauded people they traded with. It's hard to be a cheat or a killer when no one will trade or socialize with you anymore."
"Nor is it Virginia, Maryland or DC. It's not Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa, Michigan, or Minnesota"
Exhausted demoralized defense. What kind of defense was that?
Lumpy Colgate Latte What do they actually taste like?
"Norway's tourism board? I'm convinced that reddit is run by cats, Norway's tourism board, and Parks and Recreation PR."
Can't tell which of you is luckier to be cuddling the other. Forcing my kitty to cuddle
Any more tips on staying under the radar? this guide deserves to be the first thing anyone sees when coming to this site you wrote just about everything a solo player needs to know in the dz espically i'm using caps for this DON'T EXTRACT IN DZ2 ALONE if you do expect to get ambushed i have 3 times only times i've been caught at extraction was in dz 2 and learned my lesson also i used to wear bright color clothing and was followed killed quite often when i switched to all white and or grey and i stick to rarely ever carrying loot until its time to extract i rarely get harassed this is lately only when i changed my habits its been easier again thank you for writing this
"HEE already has them. applied energistics, extra utilities, natura, Hardcore Ender Expansion and pneumatic craft. That should get you started and should sate your apatite for tedium :) and if you have spare time: metallurgy (might be best to wait until their latest update)"
"but has Penn been bad because he has Feliciano next to him? Penn has been atrocious the last half of this season. Reggie better not resign him, he's only going to get worse. And while were at it we could use more help on the right side."
"Be nice, high school is hard. you're a very stupid person not doing much with your life aren't you?"
"Clayton's plans are going to be funded by the cent sales tax increase, not the .5 cent referendum that's being proposed here. I'm guessing the Clayton expansion isn't included in this map because it's already guaranteed?"
"The capture works, but it's a timed screenshot, you have 3 seconds to switch to the screen you want to screenshot. The capture doesn't work, and the record is in ultra low quality"
Oh you mean like video stories? News Sites should use animated gifs loops on their pages to give us Hairy Potter style newspapers. A quick animated loop would make the articles more enticing to read.
"Wait, how big is the Arma 3 map? ARMA 3: So I found a really nice aircraft pack for arma 3."
"You know what I meant, bot. Fun Fact! It's actually Code**C**ademy, not Code Academy! ^This ^was ^posted ^by ^a ^bot."
It's not true. What's wrong with the comment? Honest question.
Lost Boys What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
"sex In a post-apocalyptic society what non-necessity item are you going to be willing to pay top dollar for? Example: Watching last week's Fringe and a handful of walnuts were claimed to be valued at about $3,000 in the future."
for vod links? Why the fuck would you enter this thread if you weren't prepared to see spoilers?
"Thanks, I think we all understood that already lol. (because they're lying about the languages they can speak to look cool on the internet)"
Weird because almost everyone goes 80-85 on the 15 after Barstow Just make sure you're not coming from LA. I got a ticket going 95 LA to Vegas on I-15 at midnight (middle of the desert past Barstow) with nobody on the road. I wasn't even speeding for fun. I was just too lazy to hit the brakes and let the down slope after the hill carry me.
"Would love browserify support for this! GitHub - tfoxy/bs-injular: Inject angular templates, components, directives, controllers and filters with Browsersync"
"style switching is so unreliable now with the pid update though, the attacks are so close together. Staking is good money for odds stakers. Staking Ice is pretty good odds, too, as he doesn't switch styles properly."
"I bet the ATR will be: ""Yes we know you didn't like the demo, but in the full game will be better, PLEASE BE EXCITED"" There's an ATR tonight and stuff most of the week iirc."
How did that 0.5 dwarf feel? A bunch of monkeys invaded the fortress and killed half of my 7 dwarfs. The other half starved to death after the monkeys kept scaring them away from the meager stocks of food.
I should get his email and pretend to be the tax man asking for a gift Well why is he keeping any of his money then?
Holy shit in the last clip he got the music to line up perfectly with ALL FOUR HEADSHOTS This is CS:GO
"My power color r9 280 says it requires 700w or more, I run 600w You sir, have over estimated the power requirement of the R9 270. AMD has set the minimum for the 270 at 500w."
How do you know? He's straight.
"It seemed quite clear to me, by the title, that this young man was becoming an Eagle Scout. Consider that maybe I was poking fun at the awkward wording of the title?"
"Yeah, that link is going to stay blue. Blue Waffle"
That's why it has so many upvotes.. Just the original question.
"I want two strokes back... 250cc and 70hp. Kind of disappointing, wasn't everyone raving about 250cc I4s because they made more power by revving to a gazillion? This thing seems completely pointless, an I2 could probably make the same power and cost significantly less."
fake [Case Closed] no hit markers?
Well I guess it's good that FIFA doesn't give a shit about poor people then! Fifa World Cup 'hits the poorest hardest'
That's a really good point. No no no no. Don't avoid. Embrace! You have a TBM calling you up and wanting to talk about your situation. This is a chance to let them know about what the church has hidden.
you're an acronym That's an acronym
"""He's the only candidate without a Super PAC"" Get money out of politics -- vote Sanders."
"Die, cis scum! ""Straight section"" Muh sexuality is now clothing"
"To be fair, their genetic similarites halve every generation, resulting in them biologically being barely more related than strangers. Lucina is gonna S Rank her great ancestor. I'm okay with this."
"Our motto here is, ""Indiana: At least it's not Ohio."" Anyone in Illinois or the midwest?"
"I thought the Village was the gay area. i haven't seen anyone say it here yet, but i'll just go ahead and say it...the Chelsea is NYC's ""gay"" neighborhood. coincidence? i'm sure that many republicans will say it is."
What's up with his fin? 4 1/2 lb hog caught in Sacramento
Well how's the wife holding up? to shreds... tsk tsk tsk
"Seems biased though, the network won't make a difference, it's just another popularity contest. 't Lijkt een dom en overbodig programma zoals 75% van alle TV-content te zijn, maar je kunt hun niet verwijten dat ze niet origineel en hedendaags zijn. Afgezien van het feit dat het belachelijk is lijkt het me een goed idee."
Which is funny since that's what kibler was playing. He did nothing for three turns. He would be effectively dead against an Aggro deck.
"If you think that the media didn't play a part in what happened last year, you're insanely naive. The media didn't screw peterson, peterson screwed peterson."
maine coons rule Every single morning.
Getting boned by papyrus. In-Game vs Reality: Blue Attacks
Or right angle stupidity. The same can be said about right stupidity
"From leaks way back, this makes me more curious now. I'd say it's hyping for the christmas update."
INCREASE the POTAT VOTE TO GROW POTAT
For the whole town no less! Looks like free bass bait to me
So... How's Vish? *She smiles more and nods slowly*
I was thinking the same thing. Barrie and Redmond just chukkin it up with the stone faced child next to them
Above freezing? My instructors taught that even a non-AIRMETd and non-PIREPd cloud that is above the freezing level is known icing
"No, it was the 7th, but also the 3rd, because it came out after Revenge of the Sith but between Attack of the Clones and Revenge of the Sith. Yes but also the second."
lol :) Go away Sarah!
"You can play as a girl in Battlefield 4 as well. ""Women make up 45% of the gaming community and 0% of the protagonists of the 25 biggest games of the year."""
"not likely for spring of 2016, but NASL's dual season system makes it easy for them to jump in the fall season No possible way."
"Id just like to see a similar thing to Leagues team builder, you can queue up as a certain category of heroes, or build your own team of mixed roles you want, it would be a bit wonky to implement, but something of that sort id like to see Should Blizzard do something to promote healing/tanking? As the title says, should Blizzard do something to encourage people to play healers and tanks? Way to often when I queue up there's like 3-4 people locking in dps heroes of various kinds and then you have 2-3 people stuck filling healers and tanks because no one else wants to switch because they want to ""carry"". I have more more hours played on Mercy alone than all of the other heroes combined. Second most played is Winston and Reinhardt. I don't mind filling and I like to play support, matter a fact I straight out suck at dps heroes. So the problem is not that I want to play something else, the problem is that I have to solo heal/tank way to often and everyone who's tried it knows that shit is hard af. I'm currently drifting around the 2400-2700 mark so this might be different in other elos (though I'd believe it's worse the further down you go). I got some different ideas to what Blizzard could potentially do. 1. Give people playing X% of the match as a tank or healer increased xp gain. This is probably the mildest option and I don't think it would actually change or solve the problem unless you bumped that increased xp up to a significant amount. But it would be a nice little thank you to the guys that actually do decide to play healer or tank. 2. Give people playing as a tank or healer for X% of the match in X consecutive matches a lootbox. Now we're approaching the point where it could give some results, especially with the seasonal events and stuff. This could be tweaked up and down to find a number that would be fair. Not sure if it would change anything and it could potentially be abused during seasonal events and be less useful the more stuff people got. 3. Add a ""quest"" tab to the game. Play X amount of time as a healer/tank, get a lootbox. 4. The most controversial suggestion could be to give a slightly increased SR gain on wins for people playing X% of the match as healer or tank. This would be highly controversial and I really wouldn't expect such a solution to be implemented as it would feel unfair to the rest and could potentially lead to an influx of support and tank mains in the higher elo. Now the 3 first ideas are probably the most realistic ones as they don't offer any competitive related reward. They're more a token of appreciation. So let me know what you think, yay, nay, *insert excessively abusive insult totally unrelated to the topic*, ideas you got, spin offs of the 4 I posted."
"And what medical condition would that be? No magic my friend, pure science :) We have a medical condition not a reality change"
"When Hai was at his best he was playing Zed and Fizz and Kha as assassins. Hai just needs a stable champ pool of safe afk farm champions so he can shot call and play safe. The team has never required him to play play making assassins, and especially now that sneaky has stepped up big time they don't need him on play making champions. When he performed the best it was on lane bullies and he'd typically just go even.."
"Looks like we're going to be eating out for months! You're welcome! Also, try Crooked Tree Cafe on 41."
Thanks for the info! Ohhhhh yeah. It was unplayable at this point trying to draw so many objects. Felt like playing doom on grammas hand me down PC in 1995. Had to be about 15000 stacks of monies. Yes if you saved it like this and went away and came back it would still be there but still unplayable being anywhere near it :-D
"12v at a high amperage can be lethal, while 10,000 volts at a very low amperage can be easily survivable. Easy on mate, it's 12v around these parts."
ok Oh my fucking God I have had it with these Facebook posts.
The fans cheered like the Texans just scored Damn... Osweiler benched; Savage in
"I was thinking, ""points."" you know what we need more of...? Running the ball up the middle from shotgun."
Dude just cut a little hole in the case and send me the $500 I just saved you. I think that's what I'm gonna have to do. Along with the air pods. They got me good.
"If he's insane, shouldn't he be held in a psychiatric institution, then? It's not a matter of ""wanting"" to go to jail. He has a severe mental illness. Mental illnesses like that aren't curable, they can only be treated. He's shown already that if unsupervised he's prone to lapsing back into psychosis and not taking the necessary steps to inform professionals that he's losing his grip on reality. Therefore, releasing him on his own, without supervision to make sure he stays drugged and his delusions and hallucinations aren't coming back up, poses a risk to others."
"Evidence please? I know this ride, and some of these guys. This is some shockingly bad reporting by CTV. Let's raise some of the facts that Ross didn't feel necessary to dig into: 1 - his 'witness' had been harassing this group for several months prior to getting CTV involved. This had included driving on the wrong side of the road while she screamed obscenities at them, swerving at the group from over the double yellow, speeding in front of the group and then aggressively 'brake checking' them, etc etc. 2 - Eventually the RCMP were contacted and an off duty RCMP officer actually started attending the rides. An investigation was opened by Richmond RCMP which is still ongoing. Front and back cameras were organized to assist in this but it sounds like she figured the gig might be up, so the next time she showed up was with the CTV crew. 3 - While the CTV crew were filming for this spot, there were multiple incidents of the car crossing the double yellow (i.e., in the oncoming lane) in order to stay beside the group and 'get the shot'. This was, of course, edited out for the most part. 4 - The story suggests that this person was angry because their commute was made longer. Some investigation showed that they have their place of employment on their facebook profile - this business shows as closed on Sundays (which is when this group rides). The group also maintains an average speed very close to the posted speed limit in 50kmh zones, and large portions of the ride are in 30kmh zones (yes, the riders would be speeding in a lot of these places, but so would anyone 'held up' by them). I'm sure others who ride with this group could top up with more inconsistencies or omissions that make this look even more like the absolutely awful hack journalism it is. This person needs to be arrested and charged with reckless endangerment, and Ross needs to be fired."
"Unsure about the actual city, but it's home to the biggest university in Kentucky -- Kentucky University -- and it's a liberal stronghold in an otherwise fairly conservative state, so I expect the young people there to give it to Bernie in the end. How's Lexington doing?"
"A lot, but Zombicide, Tiny Epic Galaxies and Darkest Night more than most :) What games do you mainly play on it?"
There are probably just as many people who use balancers religiously regardless of necessity. Looking good! Too bad if you build this in MP somebody is going to take it down because they don't believe in balancers...
Pushing gender norms and trying to justify it. Seems like a lot of 1/2 thought through arguments to explain not paying.
I'm still grinnin'... I think it's hilarious
Very nice. I have it to turn the display off. Is nice.
"Wait, you can drink on njtransit? I love getting a huge beer and a hot dog from Papaya Dog for the train when I ride NJ Transit. Soooo fucking good."
"of course its the true game pay too win free xp splasher private scape bad combat, bad graphics nerd I still pay Runescape. You're a perfect representation of the majority of the community. I bet you play OSRS."
"I read that in the voice of Handsome Jack. ""Of course I'm concerned about man-made climate change, but on the other hands $$$$$$$$, right? Right?! Yeah! FUCK yeah! Fuck you, poories! I'm going to buy a mountain! HIGH GROUND, BITCHES! THE FUCK YOU GONNA DO?!?"""
"How was he killed? TIL, in 2012 a French imam married 2 gay Muslims"
He needs to get back on the tanning bed and turn the knob all the way up to 11. Does anyone else think Congressman John Boehner is simply a well tanned prick? The more I hear this guy talk the more I dislike the Republicans.
"Not only do they take forever, but they stop him from doing the two important things for his job, breathing and lifting his arms. Ugh. Ribs take forever."
MY MAN! Without a doubt.
"The best days of my.... Fleeeeeeerrrrrrmmm :( I will never forget you, rural juror!"
"Yeah, this makes more sense because the first 10 points of AC account for even a commoner's ability to move out of the way of a slow attack, not their 'mighty' cloth/rags taking the hit. I do it very similar, just in a different order: First doge (including dex bonus) Then block (including shield bonus) Finally the armor bonus stopping the attack After that it's a hit!"
"that's one way to minimize the (potential) pain I guess. Haha, happened when I lost my virginity, I didn't know what it was when I bought the condoms. Whoops!"
"Thank you for the reply, I guess I'm just angry and was hoping I missed something. You've already done pretty much everything you can do. Let the police investigate and if they catch the person who did it feel free to sue the shit out of him."
"Shitty luck about the phone man, shit happens. I removed my autheticator because my phone was stolen and stopped playing in july for school. didnt touch it for months so i didnt know it happened.Pin was obviously forced over the course of however long he had it. Thanks tho."
"It was, but you are dealing with a bandwagon who don't wanna hear and will downvote that shit like damn, yes there was some calls for Miami but the whole game warriors just do moving picks"
"It's almost as if Reddit is made up of millions of different people with opposing viewpoints Reddit confuses the fuck out of me... ""France stands firm on Syrian refugee decision"" - 'Fuck Syrian refugees, we don't want them, they don't matter!!' ""UAE starts taking in refugees"" - 'This is fucking awful - they're going to be slaves!!!!!'"
"Ha you saw me eh Have any of you seen the guy who drives around Gurgaon/Delhi in a car with a rear windshield that has ""HITLER INSIDE"" spray painted on it? I've seen that dude like 3 times this week."
"Thats the best, Seeing people open to the better solution, Atleast they arent the nazis that think console is better(The kind that isnt open and immediatelly is a dick not all peasants are nazis) and try to make you believe in their bs I'd say he found it out himself."
Imagine the cat from Sabrina the teenage witch doing this and Sabrina was actually the alcoholic black sheep who stayed home all day getting drunk and sleeping around meow irl
"If you can get the tree out of the way, it's all yours. It's kinda like peeling dried glue off your hand as a kid. I just wanna peel the rest of that lawn... SO. BADLY."
That looks spot on Just finished my first custom diecast sprint car. Andy Forsberg's 7C turned out bitchin!
"Please, I hope it doesn't come to us fighting back from 0-3. We going for that reverse sweep ;)"
"""This new generation sucks"" - Every single generation Not really rage material, this is just normal. Some of the comments on generation Y made my blood boil."
"Blob Loblaw lobs law blob. ""Bob loblaw lobs law bomb"""
You are an evil person. I urge you to wear no armour when you go in either. In fact don't take stimpacks or any radaway. You'll be over encumbered with all the sick stuff you find down their. You should MAYBE take .22LR. That's all you should take.
You have a problem with our safety net? The overwhelming majority who don't have social welfare systems like ours.
Me too Dear god. Raul Ibanez haunts my nightmares.
He used it to beat Ricochet in their now-famous match. Has he always used the Springboard... Cutter? as a finisher? I've never really looked into Osprey. I'd like to get to know him as a wrestler.
"Ladies and gentleman, the real savages are revealed. This put a smile on my face. I'd like to wish the Israeli's good luck as they use weapons produced in my country to fight off savages whom also use weapons made in my country."
"but that doesn't explain how 100kb DLing speed would cripple my whole internet when I have like 60 mbps bandwidth. Not an IT expert , but when your torrenting you leeching off of severs and other peoples bandwidth , so even if your downloading and using 2.0 MBps , and you can get up to 6.0 MBps , just add more torrents at 1 time. Usually when you want to use your full bandwidth you got to download from big name sites , ie , video drivers from nvidia or ati , Microsoft updates , Apple , steam , and etc..."
Their forehead tattoos. How would Donald Trump know who is a Muslim or not when it comes to deportation?
"If you say this out loud, it is required to be in a southern accent (Georgia specifically). ""Free will. Pitiful humans! War, segregation, hatred! Is that what you've done with your free will boy?"" Android 13, Dragon Ball Z"
"While this design is cool and would be great in the right thing, it doesn't look capable of constructing the ships in Arrival. How the Arrival Aliens Almost Looked"
"I really want this to be my flair tbh. ""Texas me back"""
"My ex-wife attacked me unprovoked while I was holding our infant daughter. Fox Host's Message To Male Victims Of Domestic Violence: ""That Is Embarrassing, Getting Beaten Up By Your Girlfriend"""
In Russia anything is possible... How did they get the car on the roof to record this?
"I was thinking a couple of warm neutral mattes, and a few matte jewel tones - khakis, cobalt, emeralds - shades that would bring out my brown eyes. Maybe a quad or so of warm shades you can use with all the palettes you have? Warm transitions/crease/highlight colours for example. That way they'll be some workhorses of your make up collection."
I'll take one please. favorite band on earth. bloc party was my first concert. i will upvote any fan of bloc party any day of the week!
"ctrl + tab makes my game freeze :c Hello Reddit, what are your osu!related problems? We may give consolation! play more - git gud"
"It's not the rule that was broken, it's the rule explanation is a link to the very same video. I'm confused, what rule was broken?"
Victory is OURS today. Bring me all the muffins and bagels in the land!
"I would have to agree with that, it is infact not *crucial* Yea i guess its really nice. But not crucial to be a good cs player..."
PERSONALLY I LIMIT MY EXPRESSION TO GAMES LIKE THE WITCHER THEN. Probably my favorite BLM tweet regarding last night
"This guy. Perhaps, but that doesn't seem particularly disingenuous. Many parents will fund their child's college bills."
"I liked his cameos on 30Rock. 5 things to know about presidential debate moderator Lester Holt | He's the first black presidential debate moderator since 1992, not really into the Twitter, moderated a Democratic primary debate, has two honorary doctorates, but no bachelor's degree, and a registered Republican."
Insert slowpoke meme here Metroid Prime: Federation Force flops
"Even though we're really small, would we still see everything like that Simulation of falling into a black hole"
"And United, City and Chelsea are 5 points clear. Plus we got 1 point in 2 opening matches"
I didn't because I ran out of pokeballs. Am I the only one? Who completly lost interest in Clash Royale since Pokemon GO released?
"THE PROPHECY MUST COME TRUE I think Eli and Ben are primed for a few big years. They have talent in spades around them (OBJesus, Bell, Brown) where Rivers is lacking in the department. Keenan Allen regressed considerably this year."
"Monsters are Due on Maple Street and Five Characters in Search of an Exit particularly fit the bill. A ton of episodes of The Twilight Zone fit this. I felt like 10 Cloverfield Lane was very Twilight Zone-ish. Also seconding Ex Machina, which someone said above."
"Holy shit thank you for telling me about that addon. If you download the addon ""Conslegion"" it'll point you in the direction you need to go for each quest. It only focuses on story quests which is all you need, and unlike the old questhelper addon, if something is in a cave it'll first point you to the cave entrance then the arrow will change and it'll show you how to get down to the item in the fastest possible way. It does bug every now and again so just read your quests if you can't figure something out. Good luck!"
"::puts on robe and wizard hat:: ""Hates self for feeling so much so frequently"""
"That's.... very strange. This is correct. At first i could not type. WASD was bound, i could use W and S, but not A and D. Then, after i had to create a new character, i was allowed to typed with A and D when giving his name, but then again not when giving nicknames. So, its not impossible, i was allowed to use A and D once, for some reason unbeknownst to me."
"Nah, I just don't support the 16 year old special snowflakes who have no other aspect to their personality other than their made up mental illnesses No words"
"nah too slow, theres already a ton of 5 drops here that you need to play and I think card draw comes secondary to surviving. Azure Drake looks like it belongs in here...maybe...?"
Couchtuner has them I believe. Anywhere to watch all the seasons of this series?
"had he married, it probably would have been worse ............ Life Pro Tip: don't have one night stands."
Turn that island on your right into another canal city. A very English canal
heh Yeah but it's it's gonna be awkward when he holds the ball for 5 seconds til he gets the sign from the cutoff man
dislocated jaw smiley False. :^) smiley best smiley.
"Be the first one on your block to have your boy come home in a box. The Department of Defense has identified 1,375 American service members who have died as a part of the Afghan war and related operations. It confirmed the death of the following Americans this week:"
"Spending 50 crystals every day for it to get a net of 450 How many of you that reach #1 (or even top 3) spend crystals? I've always needed to spend at least 50 crystals to reach 1. was never able to ""net"" the full 500"
and 600 murders a year. and amazing waterfront park with museums and trees and small bridges and statues and bike paths.
"Exactly, and I don't use either of those words anyhow. Nah, ""cracka"" and ""whiteboy"" haven't been used in oppressing an entire race. It's completely different."
"In Canadian schools we call it ""Soccer Baseball"", please fix the title. Lebron vs Drake kickball game in Toronto"
What's down? It's down already.
"OH FUCK YES. ""Hanley revealed in her FBI interview that she had no idea where a thumb drive she used to store an archive of Clinton's emails had gone. Hanley searched for the thumb drive, which the FBI described as ""something she happened to have laying around the house,"" several times but was unable to find it."" Oh, the emails are out there. This, plus Combetta posting the server IP, plus emails being uploaded to the cloud... someone has them."
"This, but if it was originally windows 7 then the code should be somewhere on the pc case on a sticker. If you're asking how to extract your current key from your current installation, there are a bunch of free utilities to do that. Just Google ""windows key finder"". If you're asking how to get a free Windows 7 code, that's not something you can do legally."
"Browse Reddit You are paid $1,000,000 a year to sit in an empty room for 8 hours a day. What do you do all day?"
Didn't realize being polite was also being cowardly. This coming from the guy who cowered off from a couple little girls stealing his microphone.
go listen to clumsy and rethink that comment you're not
"the entire time I watched this I just kept thinking "" hes going to be so fucking rich"" Hi reddit, I built a touchscreen mirror that I'd like to show you"""
No it isn't It seems to be working again.
"Don't even try fat logic is unbreakable Yeah but that guy is 6'8"" and muscle is denser than fat."
Stoopid funDIE. I am Offensive and I find this Christian.
"Must be a typo, surely his name is Wank Dong. TIL ""Porn Judge"" is an official Chinese government job title. Judges are paid $32,000 per year to view porn all day and have the sacred task of ""returning the Internet to a clean and safe state"". One judge is named ""Wang Dong""."
D: It's Y2k all over again!!!
If they stand in my area they'll be a high transfer anyway. Alliance of Independents to field 20 candidates for upcoming election
Watch him leave the Bengals and win a SB with his next team. Andy Dalton booed at celebrity softball game
"The minigames though. Pokemon Stadium. There's just not much there and what is there isn't very impressive, even by N64 standards."
"Won't happen - English is more practical than so-called variety. We can, but only when everyone has to use their own language."
That is a powerful image. New icon of the Coptic martyrs of Libya
"That makes about as much sense as Yeah, but you gotta ship the bits to the servers. Duh."
"hes not So.. FNC kaSing afterall? With Yellowstar leaving Fnatic and it being obvious that kaSing isn't joining TSM, could he be going to Fnatic after the weeks of speculation?"
"The Whale's Tail? Is there a geographic term for this peninsula other than ""Southern Ontario""?"
"Same, sold my two keys for more than the price of a retail game I sold two keys for $120 each in november, good times."
"His comment history suggests he's just a troll. Maybe it's a pun on the word ""Repulse"". Or it's a comment on the colour of the water. Or he just doesn't like Chinese people."
Well he was a Western ADC his question was about western adc.
"Acetone, because diabetes Interesting. What do people who eat lots of sweets smell like?"
"Good, these pets need homes, and hopefuly this will reduce puppy mills Arizona Rules All Dogs Sold In Pet Stores To Come From Shelters."
"So, was he kicked out of the Teen Anime Club because he's like 25 and therefore ""not a teen""? Count Niceguy can't handle consequences, threatens consequences"
Obviously you're not a golfer Why the rocker hand? This guy's clearly a bowler.
*Bbbbbbbbbbbbb* Fuck Yeah This hurt to watch...
In America if i see our town in the news I wonder who got killed today I'm from Doncaster and just got a little excited seeing it named in an Askreddit thread. It's like when you see your town on the national news because somethings happened.
Just use the non-farmable sockets filter Is there a github guide of units without farmable ones?
"from what i've read, its a great keyboard, I have a K70 though and love it (though this is great for the pirce if you like mx blues) How does this compare to say, a Corsair K70? Is it worth paying a bit more for the Corsair?"
So you're saying they're... custom custom one pros? Custom one pros modified with velour earpads and carbon fibre design.
kinds several
Too many tabs open. How does that happen???
The balls are obviously Asian You did it wrong! The dog is black and the balls are white!
"I agree, and put the funding into rehabilitation and health services. Just legalize it already and let the addicts enjoy lab heroin not street heroin. I'll probably be downvoted to hell but hey if you don't believe me look up countries like Switzerland, UK in the talks to legalize heroin as well. Addicts want to get high no matter what so making the laws strict and taking away their drugs doesn't help anything."
"A bad movie having a multiracial cast doesn't equal pandering. Not really, I don't have to explain anything. And if you need someone to tell you why a movie is bad then you're too stupid to understand it in the first place, it's a catch-22."
"I prefer Gaige from BL2 (She's also adorable as hell), but from Pre-Sequel it's definately Athena. Athena's the first character whose skill set I completely enjoy. Best one out of all available options, in all three games."
"vim+pandoc or vim+latex or vim+fmt/etc Minimalistic word processor? I am currently in the search for a light weight word processor with image support. Preferably with keyboard/keybinding support and minimal gui. I'm not too picky about the format as long as it's not something too obscure, but if it has pdf support that's a bonus. Any suggestions?"
"The problem isn't low wages.. it's high taxes.. but then again, the NSA/IRS won't pay for itself! Don't like minimum wage? | r/conservative"
"I know I've got little chance for a copy now, but fuck it I still want one :P sorry OP but it looks like a lot of people have faith in your generosity and/or just want free shit. If I get 100 upvotes, I'll buy everyone who upvotes a copy of Sun and Moon I'm rich and bored. Make me proud Reddit! Leave a comment below after upvoting so I know to message you to send a copy."
Never underestimate the enemy - no matter how stupid they are Idt they are that smart
"Just move it in and out until you get power or ejaculate Instructions unclear, charger now stuck up ass."
"Yeah its not like the have a shortage of customers It seems that parking garages have an incentive to not publish their prices: if it was easy to open an app and see all local prices, it becomes a price war between competing lots. As it is today, where prices are less transparent, consumers are more likely to just choose the first lot they find and pay for convenience."
"Can confirm, saw a sign for Ben Carson last week in New Hampshire. Back then they were, during the Ice Age. Because they had less global warming. The pyramids were artificial mountains created as ski slopes. The greatest skiers at the time loved them so much they were actually buried inside."
"So enabling XMP would automatically set it to the 2400mhz and increase the voltage to the 1.65 that it says on the ram? XMP is not always the best solution, set it manually. Increase its voltage to 1.65V, set the latency, and check the multipliers/ratio/DRAM frequency manually to 2400MHz. But if HWiNFO shows 1.5V, you can be sure that it runs only at 1600MHz."
"Guess she must have been...waiting to do that. Welp, I dunno if the show really changed my outlook on the work, but I could (sorta?) identify with a lot of the situations (minus the show business side of it all). I do think about the show all the time when I'm on the clock, though. And things haven't really been as crazy for me in real life, the weirdest thing that happened to me is that some drunk lady grabbed my ass a couple times during a wedding I worked."
They blow out of pickup trucks when idiots don't strap them down. TIL/ITT running mattresses over is a thing. But how? Do people just leave them on the road or something?
"or use a paperclip and a small flathead or you know lockpicks How to get into your locked desk at work (or home, wherever you keep desks with crappy locks)"
"Getting Pascal's Wager (expanded) right is like winning Russian Roulette, except five of the six chambers are loaded. Maybe it doesn't work because prayed to the __wrong god__. What about that, hmmm? Checkmate atheist!"
"The cuddle puddle, if you will. What are the ""children of atom"" you speak of? Oh you mean the cut up body pile."
Did they fucking troll the shit out of us with 4 years? It looks like Reddit gold is rolling out today!
seems low With only like a 10000% markup on what they pay for data.
Represent! Walter Johnson
No tradable uts Realm Time Capsule/Predictions for the future.
"George, lay off the butter. Looks Like ol' George is packing on the pounds!"
I have an X and a test G... incompatible for both as of this comment. Incompatible with all my devices. I have a Moto X...
"Um.... not as good as everyone seems to believe. Oh come on, he's been great this year."
"I wish APS would check my internet services and could make a difference in network speeds. With a screech of tires, the van from Adult Protective Services pulls up in front of the house, and uniformed agents run up and break down the door. ""Smith! Check the kitchen for sufficient snacks! Johnson! Test the speed of their internet connection! If the precious angel we were called about is getting less than 10Mbps download speed, these monsters are going away for a long time!"""
Did you Macklemore the thrift store? I got this one from a thrift store. Just so you know
"the indian govt doesn't really want him back bro, read the writing on the wall Why is Britain sheltering an alleged criminal? Send him back to India for a fair trial."
dm;sb Obama is mixed race.
"the planet may be a lost cause, but you gonna lay down or what? The optimist in me, agrees :), but shit... This website is getting worse and worse. What can we do? I honestly think (have been thinking lately), it's a lost cause. idk..."
"And that ""urban youth"" are ""unbelievably fleet-footed."" Prominent Neo-Confederate Mr. Ron Paul Believes That Secession Is 'Very American'"
Something something Rusty Kuntz If Wade Davis married Dwayne Wade he would be Wade Wade.
"Alonso. In your opinion whose season may have peaked in Melbourne? In 2014 Australia was the best race finish for both McLaren drivers and for Gutierrez. Sutil would match but not exceed his 11th place finish and Kyvat would match but not exceed his 9th place finish. In 2013 it was Kimi's only win. This season who, if anyone, do you think is least likely to improve on their Australia finish."
"Earl Grey, hot with lemon! I hate it when Facebook just doesn't understand my complex m'oods."
Downvotes. What reaction did you get?
Assuming sense the 681s lack bass these take away giving almost no punch. What do you mean by the different bass signature?
"""Thanks again wkhlmhmlfdgh"" Apparently I motivated someone."
Good Ryouko costume as well. I already made Popstar Ahri ! :)
Slater FT **High Risk Bets**
Looks like deceived Christians found this thread... Don't forget those who are sufficiently desperate for hope. They are always welcomed by the Church of well-meant untruths.
"For the record, I know exactly what my rotation is doing and I purposefully keep doing it. And some of us are on servers where players cast their standard rotation which cleaves onto PVP targets and kills lowbies completely unintentionally. PVP being enabled during these invasions is silly. It's telling leveling players that, for the most experience possible, just walk over to Horde Territory and die repeatedly for about 20 minutes. Or AFK. Just don't bother trying to contribute."
No. Is this what a goddess looks like?
I just realized how possible that is...And that's what that new actor that's in Episode VIII that looks a lot like...That queen lady Great picture of Rey's grandparents.
"Your an awesome person. I'm now working in a hospital and would love to work with cancer patients in some way, shape or form."
":( happy holidays If you ask my dad, me apparently"
"JP Kempt on Divisidero/Oak Where at? I'm struggling to find a place here. Coming from la I had a place charge 20 bucks for a great cut, great barber banter, and straight edge razor to clean everything up. Now I'm paying minimum 40 bucks for an average cut and hair over my ears that I have to clean up myself. I miss the feeling of that straight edge on my neck damnit"
holy fuck... Delta Goodrem
37 How old were you?
Ketchup has no place on hot dogs : Super Bowl 50 Discuss.
The satisfaction. ROFL what's so special about the floats? ROFL
My parents What do you not fuck with?
"Why? You should have responded to the cop ""AM I BEING DETAINED?! AM I BEING DETAINED?""."
Only occasionally about video games The Co-optional podcast(mostly about video games).
"No rollout plan for other devices? Ron has gone from being one of my favorite reviewers to one of my least favorite. He says that the Google Home is much less capable than the Assistant on your phone, but what if I don't have the Pixel, like 99% of Android users? This is a very inexpensive way to get the Assistant along with all of the home control features that brings."
He is assasinorating from deep the alst month He's been explorsive
"The temporarily embarrassed middle-class. They've duped the proles with this propaganda but it wont last forever, It's hard to keep convincing people they are middle class when everyone is getting collectively poorer."
"Yeah they are filthy rich, hence all the private plane flights to Drake concerts Aren't his parents multi-millionaires?"
I support this idea. Handcuffed Zombies For all of those unfortunate survivors who came to a captive end. They would only be capable of running/biting
"Lived there for five years, concur, fuck CT. yeah fuck CT"
"As a life long habs fan, there is no way that the Price is wrong. The flaming ball immersion made to sportscenter's heating up"
"Lets not fucking pretend he is the sole reason pubs are shit I dislike him, not because of the EG-Secret swap. But because he ruined pubs and ranked games with his attitude. Feeding, Whining, Selling items on stream in front of 20k people. He had probably a lot of younger fans who thought they are the next RTZ so giving up after 1 kill was very cool in ranked."
"I love, love, LOVE this idea. Your family was promised a place in the vault, but not physically. Your minds were copied and we're stored to be awoken as androids so many years later, but you don't know you're not human. The institute raids your vault and you try to escape. Now hunted by the Institute and BoS, you try to figure out who you are, what has happened and where you belong."
"Those tariffs would have to be astronomically high to make US labor prices any where close to worth moving back to the US. Why would they not relocate to the US, if imports from everywhere were taxed at a higher rate? It wouldn't make sense to place tariffs on just one country."
"They said They were already looking for player but it's kinda hard to find good players right now because there's no competitived matchmaking yet. Yeah I haven't payed to much attention to Overwatch but it looks like its the real deal, TSM might want keep an eye out for the best talent."
"Pitchforks at the ready sir! Sunny Nevada Just Killed The Solar Industry With 40% Tax Hike, Derailing the Off-Grid Movement"
"Rules, read them Can we get some context?"
we couldn't watch bewitched for the same stupid reasons Sounds like my dad when I was growing up. Puppets? Demonic. Music? Has backward messages in it. Demonic. Television? The boob-tube shoots its demon rays into the minds of god's children. Demonic. Halloween? EXTREME 100% DEMONIC. Lucky Charms? Demonic. Trix? Does the rabbit talk? Yes? Demonic. Had a bad dream? Demons. Drink some milk and pray. Dinosaurs? No such thing. Transformers? Do they transform? Yes? Demonic. Childhood was not fun for me.
The worst part of that is that you KNOW he had spent several minutes thinking about that piss poor excuse of a joke before he opened with it... god damn it. *sleepless in Seattle he is not* hue hue hue
"And pedophilia is only like, the 5th worse thing about Islam... Pedophilia in Islam: One of the speaker of Friday the 13th Paris Shooting day ""Quiz a Muslim"" panel, who demanded the establishment of Sharia Law and Islamic State in UK says that ""Islamic law has no minimum age of girls for marriage. The earlier is the better."" (x-post r/exmuslim)"
Cyprus is in Africa anyway. RIP Cyprus
"He didn't say not to try them, just be prepared to break stuff. How do you think one should go about learning how to do wheelies then?"
People actually write gl hf in this game not just cyka blyat! I think MOBAs really do take the cake for animosity. I haven't gotten *that* much hate during my time with this game.
That's the most optimistic-sounding thing I've ever heard. I hope the Bridge Zone boss glitch it still doable.
"you can bookmark lines with sublime text, `cmd`+`f2.`, or press `ctrl`+`-` to go back to the previous cursor spot. Does anyone else use dummy text to bookmark their place when coding?"
Starship troopers Directed by Tyler Perry ....fuck my life Take your favourite movie and make one single change. You now hate the movie. What movie was it and what did you do?
"I don't want the newer elite specs to be better than the current ones, they need to be as good but cover a different role. What do you NOT want from your next Elite Spec? So it's a hot topic to discuss what we want to see from our next set of Elite Specs, but what's equally valuable for ANet to know is what the community doesn't want to see on their class. After all, while the community might be divided on what would make their class awesome, it's very possible that this same group of people may be unanimous in what they DON'T want. Be it utility skill types, weapons, or just general direction, feel free to share the ideas that you wouldn't want to see implimented to your favorite classes here. As a ranger player, I'd be really dissapointed if their next Elite Specialisation was another one based on support. Druid's a strong spec sure, but it's not something I enjoy, and I'd prefer to see something a bit more damage-y in the ranger's arsenal moving forward."
Sick cult How Haifan UHJ tortures independent Baha'i Scholars? Here is a Letter of Baha'i Scholar Ahang Rabbani to the Universal House of Justice.
"In homage to Demitri Martin's ""Super busy hospital"", we present ""Super busy STD clinic!"" Unlikely DLC for Grand Theft Auto V. And if I see anything bitching about the lack of heists, I'm downvoting you."
"They were also hugely popular as parlor games where people could talk to their subconscious but then sales tanked on December 26th 1973 and since then people have this illusion that they're evil or sommin. You're in r/paranormal so of course the people here are going to tell you that you shouldn't use a Ouija board. Everything here is based on personal experience, not necessarily statistics or academic papers. I made a post here a while back asking similar questions. Personally, I don't believe that Ouija boards have any power because their whole existence is one of deception. The first ladies who invented it used it to trick people into thinking it had any power. I try to keep an open mind, which is why I'm subscribed to this sub, but so far I haven't seen any reason to believe that Ouija boards are dangerous."
Nope just the two intakes. 32000 on 2 air intakes? Did they change something? Or do you have hidden intakes somewhere?
"agreed, fantastic four... drool... Shaving his chest in Captain America is one of the biggest injustices ever committed to flim"
"Nope :) Deca is 10, deci is 0.1 1 bel=100 decibels Deci means ten though. So 500x10 = 5000 bel"
Does work on Hawaii Asense M8 7.9 Plus? how to diable seach!!!
"Well in Gold no one knows what a lane swap is good for Eh, i guess. It was a lot more complicated in my head"
"**GET THE DUCK OUT OF THE PASSING LANE** If your not passing anyone, move over Language!"
"Oh god, fuck that guy. Sugou Nobuyuki from Sword Art Online (an anime)"
hahahahah I was beaten. We take being pulled over seriously here in Canada
"I've always found monkeys terrifying, even before I heard the stories about them eating people's faces off and ripping off their genitals. My friend tried taking a selfie with a monkey. It didn't end well."
"Our hero roles still outnumber though, unless the werewolves count but I cant imagine that being fair - Big Bad Wolf - Grim Reaper - Headless Horseman - Geppetto - ~~Maleficent~~ - Old Hag - Green Lady - x amount of Werewolves It's a pretty daunting list, imo."
Socialism always seems to rise after liberals lose and become radicalised by the far left. 2016 kinda slapped the white liberal out of me already. At least one good thing happened this year!
Oklahoma Native Americans If Oklahoma gets a NFL team what would be the name?
"Seconded. yeah im Jewish and based on the evidence I do not feel ""snubbed"" at all. Bibi is a warhawk that is advocating for a very dangerous path with Iran. What Obama is doing for Israel is EXACTLY what I want to see as a jew and an American"
The Men Who Stare at Goats What is the one movie you never want to watch again?
Clearly I disagree with that. Because it's a good idea?
"Fourth option: ask other poor college students if they want a cheap Xbox. Craigslist is the best because the sale is over after the transaction With ebay, the buyer may make a Buyer Protection claim. With Amazon, they give the buyer 30 days to return something."
"Don't forget the theme park. They have shirts, plush pigs, toys, anything. And the game isn't even that good!!"
The same shitty PI they called against us earlier. for what
they were docking. I heard there was also some slight penis touching involved.
"And now I did, too. I read this in William Shatner's voice."
"Also just keep in mind that Prayer and Herblore are very useful skill in late game, but construction is not very useful at all. Where should I put my bonus xp if I can about saving money (construction vs prayer vs herblore)? Prayer: 81 Construction: 85 Herblore: 80 Almost everything else is 99 or close to it. These are the expensive skills I'm worried about. Where should I be directly bonus xp, xp lamps/rewards, and jack of trades to save the most money? Also, which potions specifically is the cheapest xp/gp, even if it's slow (no cleaning herbs, but I'd be happy to create the unfinished potions myself). Any advice is appreciated =D thanks."
"Yep, it's a steal. $5 for battlefield 4? Sounds like a plan"
No problem dude. Amazing thank you.
"Now, he can focus on his real passion: Bitching on twitter SPUNJ retires"
If he gets any closer vlad and ekko are just going to jump on him and 1 shot him. Why is Stixxay spending the entire fight half a screen away with Curtains Call? He has SO much damage at this point in the game and he's just standing there missing his ult...
how the fuck is that rude lol I presume people were downvotimg you because of how rude you were.
"400dpi 0.12 look sens 0.08 Ads sens, my g502 has three buttons on the side, button at my thumb is freelook, mouse 4 and 5 are medkits and bandages. H1Z1 Keybinding Question Just curious as to what most people had as their keybinding setup. I assume most people use a mouse with the 2 extra buttons and i am just wondering what most competitive players use. Currently i have interact as my mouse 4, and free look as my mouse 5, but am thinking a combo of crouch/jump or toggle camera would be more beneficial. I just started playing and am just curious as to the typical setup. Also, what is a typical DPI for 15 sens? My mouse has 4 and i do not really know the difference"
cause it was right in front of them! Just insane fouling by Thomas on that last rebound. How did the refs not see that?
"Thought you needed xbl to play any of destiny I guess without XBL, youre kinda stuck just doing story missions and patrols. Wish you the best fellow guardian."
"If its trying to login in the last few mins, I'm having that issue too. Please Help!!!"
"If the spine ain't bendin' then you're just pretendin' C'mon, you're just pretending"
"got heem. Yeah, just as soon as things stop being about it."
She's probably too stupid/lazy to file the right paperwork and collect the required documentation. Some people live simple lives. At least she doesn't live on welfare in a ghetto with 4 kids.
"K&amp;R is fine for beginners in my opinion. C: The Programming Language by K&amp;R is great and considered a 'must-read' by many programmers. It has lots of exercises. However, it is not a book for complete begginers so depending on your skill level, it could be a bit over your head. However it is definetly worth a try."
"I have BAVSS and I could get both those beers 5 minutes away from me. FWIW, Bomb and Funky Gold Amarillo both hit markets where BAVSS originates. You might have trouble finding someone who is interested in those two."
"Yea, I mean at least it's not a video of a brick smashing through someones passenger side window. LiveLeak, where you go to watch people die."
"TL:DR he is her backup plan unless something better comes along which is fucked up. Aww, I know what happened. This happened to me once. So, she is interested; just not right now. You're cute and you get along and she'd be fine with something maybe down the line; just not right now. She's mad because she sees you going out on dates with other girls right after as an insult because while she does have some, not enough right now, but some feelings for you it's kind of like a backstab because to her it looks like you were just asking out anyone or would go out with anyone. This happened with me when I cashed in my V-card. I had a friend who I was attracted to who flirted with me a lot if she'd like to be ""the one"" and she gave me a line about ""well, I have a boyfriend. And, I don't know."" So a few months later I boned a different chick and she was LIVID. Note: she was still dating this guy at the time. She made no clear point that yes, she would like to be my first definitely if I was just patient. She even in the past tried to get me to date or hook up with other girls, to encourage me to do it. I did it and she motherfucked me for twenty minutes about how such and such was a bitch and how I'm gross because I had sex. tl;dr she likes you back, this is kind of her wake up call towards realizing how much."
This is the greatest thing I've ever seen Suicide Squad II: The Search for Slipknot poster
"Haha :) not a wuss , is a wuss. done."
Instead they should just give these tests in fewer inner city schools and more suburban and rural schools and American scores would dramatically increase. Obama would increase time American students spend in school by shortening summer vacation. The underlying hypothesis is that this is a factor that differentiates US vs. European test scores.
"those things often go hand in hand though Max isn't driving aggressively, he's driving recklessly."
I wish I could go back. I think I was roped into taking over for you and Tony we used to be a 3 man crew and now I'm left pulling the cart all by my lonesome. I wish you two were still there!
"I'm definitely not the pick in this conversation. That doesn't mean every old person sits around on their ass. Regardless, quit being a prick to people because they don't want to ""contribute"" to society until they die. If someone chooses to not work in their retirement years then they are completely within their right and you have no right to say they are living wrong."
It's not satire when reddit wants to believe it. what's mildly infuriating is how dense redditors are. it's fucking satire.
"I think that it may be *in*efficient in terms of fuel consumption. holyshit, people go at 240k/h on the autobann? That's crazy. so efficient."
"I never said it was malicious; I'm just pointing out the flaw in your reasoning. Actually, it's more of a tautology; it's not begging the question at all. Look, this was just a miscommunication. You make it seem as if I was maliciously trying to pull a fast one here or something. I only ever meant that when infallibility is invoked, the teaching cannot change."
Subtle dig there TCU 28 - Minnesota 34 Michigan 24 - Utah 17 Washington 30 - Boise State 42 Louisville 35 - Auburn 28 Wisconsin 17 - Alabama 38 Arizona State 28 - Texas A&amp;M ~~52~~ 38 Ohio State 33 - Virginia Tech 24
P2fiddy and maaaaaybe the five seven are the only new sounds I don't prefer over the old ones I'm not a fan of the new Tec-9 sound. I liked the old one a lot
"Big markets like Salt Lake City and Portland and Orlando. Be patient, Sacramento will get in. MLS needs to hit all the big markets first, square them away, and then MLS will hit the mid-sized markets."
"People don't seem to understand you can deal with more than one problem at a time.... ""That's fine. BLM really doesn't mind black people dying. So long as cops aren't involved."""
"and worse, a pig fellatio problem Or you end up like the UK which has a knife-related crime problem."
"Tell that to Ted Bundy. If you're a stranger, I don't think charm would do shit if you were just decent-looking"
Seeing him like that gives me the chills. That's so cool.
"The cock. For bisexuals in a monogamous relationship: What do you miss most about the other sex? I've been with a great dude for five years (I'm female), and while I don't regret the monogamy, I'm sometimes wistful about eating girls out. I kind of wish I'd done a little more of it back when I had the chance. I also miss having two wardrobes to choose from."
Sounds like you need to up the sensitivity on your trackpoint. Is a Trackpoint really that important? For me the trackpoint almost always feel slower to use (albeit I'm no expert) and newer touchpads are so smooth and feel so nice to use. I feel like the one exception to this would be for shorter mouse strokes (in which case the arrow keys would be pretty quick too) It seems to me that no trackpoint = deal breaker for most in this thread. Why is this so?
I thought they agreed to suspend the strike for Tuesday? Transit workers strike
They both just look very generic Okay good I feel like a lot of people disagree with that but I for one totally agree. Although the dad and the protagonist do look alike.
A message from your 46th President. Cory Booker: Stephen Bannon 'unfit' to serve
"You need a watch that dispenses hot sauce, someone get smart brother up in here! Mayonnaise and hot sauce on everything. Sandwiches, pizza, burgers, tacos, etc..."
"It's like, your opinion buddy. I don't hate Diablo 3, but if I want to play it... I'll just play it. There's no need to cram garbage grind in Wow, through legendaries, dungeons with keystone / random mob effects. I don't even find these fun in D3, where it just mean ""find the most overpowered / exploitive build you can"" and ""farm farm farm so you have enough dps"". As a click fest it's fine, but as a rpg it's crap. Make good dungeons, with ONE finely tuned difficulty at max level (no need 434254 gazillion difficulties), where bosses drop good and interesting loot (unlike in WoD where it's pure shit ; where are the good dungeon weapons for instance??) and I'm cool. The ""roguelike"" approach to content in Wow is just... developper's laziness. Make more dungeons, not endless tiny variations ; I don't believe people are dumb enough to think running the same dungeon with different mob stats (more hp, damage, ae this, cant taunt that) is ""new and original content"". Stop being fucking lazy Blizzard ! If you can't develop enough endgame content, then give more space to the leveling content, instead of it being wasted in a frenzied grind to maxlevel. Jeez."
I know :( kind of a bummer knowing we'll never get to meet our future spouse in a holocaust. Makes mine and my gf's awkward 'we met on Tinder' chat feel even more pathetic.
If that happens I don't think I'll be able to go on here for a few days. Sanders will win more votes. Clinton will capture more delegates. Calling it now.
"You get XP, it's tracked in stats, and it shows how useless the rest of your team are. You dont get anything from medals so meh who cares"
"This show is so damn good I am currently re-watching it, I hope it continues in some form but if it ends it will go out on top hopefully. Banshee: Promo for the 4th and final season.."
Playing on the 6ers ruined him. Peaked in his first ever NBA game :(
"this just brought dark memories this was literally always me And before you've even had time to process what's happening, everybody has already chosen. And there's an odd number of people in the class, so you're the only one stranded. And then the teacher says, ""Okay, now with your partner..."" so you have to awkwardly raise your hand and tell the teacher you don't have a partner. And then the teacher puts you with the pair of kids you like least. And the activity only works for groups of two, so then your group has to awkwardly decide which two will participate. Or is that just me? Anyone else?"
A new APU - a10-7870k just came out :( I wonder what graphics card just came out?
"Different cities, same for OP's Merle and Daryl theory. Maybe Sophia could've gone to the same school as Carl?"
"why, did I trigger you? Honestly, stop with the ""Bernie bro"" thing."
Yeah right... you realize he's a white nationalist Trump is already bringing us together!
"Pretty badass, man. look at all the fucks I give. Tell me again why I would care what you think?"
haha...loose Wow. You have a loose definition of usable.
Why is it swimming in oil? Boyfriend found chicken flautas recipe online and thought it sounded easy... end result:
"K Or not, because I can do whatever the fuck I want. Btw I still like the core of the game, its just the greedy faggots making these stupid decisions from patch to patch that I would like to see dead/fired, whatever could come first."
"Speaking of which, get on comms more nerd Its more like ""Here is how we communicate to you so you don't have to sit watching the inside of a station all day to pvp"" and waiting to go actually shoot stuff, instead u make friends"
I wish but I don't know. Are we ever getting a new alternate uniform?
"***Puig's May Numbers*** * AVG: .398 * OBP: .492 * SLG: .731 * OPS: ***1.223*** * HR: 8 * RBI: 25 For the second time in his one year MLB tenure, Yasiel Puig named the NL Player of the Month."
Sure. Ok! $17 shipped?
"I figured Bedell was battling Schoenfeld, who's apparently kept his spot So which one do you think we are going to sign? Since we placed a CB on IR I'm guessing we will be signing Slogic. Also it seems like we will play Meram at forward this year as well as left and right winger so might not need another striker."
"Scottish football makes the jokes itself, so we don't have to. I have him tagged ""Enemy for Life"" in red. I'm willing to commit. You don't joke about Scottish football. Only we get to do that."
Let's go with at least a year of design... Hopefully. You should let the people that spent months or years designing this thing know.
"I didnt see ""run away"" in the list... was there any specific reason that it wasnt included? English words used by the French"
"Buying a car with cash is seen as a better idea by many people. Thinking of getting my first car So I've just moved to a new city just a year ago after living in bigger cities where public transportation made more sense than having a car. After being here for a year and ubering around everywhere I've found a new spot to live at with some roommates that would only be 200 dollars in rent. The only thing is it is a little more out of the way for me and I really would need a car. My expenses are pretty minimal outside of paying off student loans monthly, rent, groceries etc. I do have a bit of credit card debt, a little over 1000$ just from end of the year spending and splurging on a small vacation. That I will definitely be able to catch up on considering my last months rent at my current place is paid for and my rent is going down from 650 to 200. But outside of that my credit is very good (750) and I've always been really good with paying stuff off. My real question here is, I don't really have much to put down as a down payment so the options I've been considering are. -Leasing and paying for a down payment off of my credit card. -Getting a car loan and buying a used car. -Getting a loan for a down payment. Don't mean to ask for someone to explain this to me like I'm 5 buuuuuuuut I've never done anything like this before. Are there any other better options? What do you think! Thanks!"
AGV K-5 What helmet is that ??
And Brad Johnson So does Trent Dilfer.
"Are you here yet? I'm a 33-year-old woman moving to North Park with my two dogs at the beginning of January. I plan to try a different restaurant/bar/brewpub every night I can. When I visited in September, I went to the ""Lyrical Exchange"" at Queen Bee and loved it, so I'll be going to that, too. If anyone wants to join me, let me know. Following for more suggestions of stuff to do. Thanks for posting this."
"Yea I was pretty close tonight and it seemed like Careful My Love So it's actually ""Careful my love,"" not ""half of my love,"" right? Someone was watching a live performance and they mentioned Thom makes a hard ""c"" sound when performing the vocals which he then reverses."
"Is that an IBM keyboard? Meet Mewtwo, my first personal rig!"
My main problem with the Papelbon deal was that we lost a 1st round draft pick all because Amaro couldn't wait 2 days for the new cba or whatever it was to pass. I don't even think that the Papelbon deal was terrible. He's been pretty solid for us.
"Already done :) Also, you might want to update your original comment (the one claiming Derek was selected by GG), as it's currently the most up voted one in the entire thread and people are going to think we invited him there."
I've been drinking and can't make heads or tails out of this comment chain. Why are we even here?
You can definitely see the inherent cultural parallels between early jazz and current underground techno. im from berlin and this describes like 80% of the techno scene here.
"That's fine man I didn't down vote you for the record Er. I posted a reply, but I'm a reddit noob that didn't do it right so it posted to the OP. Sorry"
Ole! Game Thread: VfL Wolfsburg (Buli #15)
Has anyone been able to find if/when this is airing in the USA? New episode trailer!
Rage blade was op for 1 patch Please! Tristana has been pretty much the only champ missing out on riding the Carousel of Marksman Strength this season whereas almost everyone else has had their turn to be awesome.
"Anyone else notice the other set of ""ears"" in the crowd? Furry plays guitar at a talent show"
Where's your moral barometer OP? Steve Harvey announces winner of Miss Universe
"""It is still a beta, so it might kill your kitten or destroy your house, but it should be mostly fine now."" VLC for Android Beta now available for US and Canada"
"Photography is not a crime TIL if you take pictures of planes landing in San Diego, the Laurel Airport Parking attendant will threaten to call the police"
"Di dove sei? Resta vero. Qui le macchine parcheggiate di merda se sei fortunato le trovi con i tergicristalli alzati, se sei sfortunato le trovi rigate da parte a parte."
Exhibit A: r/politics Stupid people are full of confidence.
WE'RE LEAKING AGAIN... It's a dank meme
What is the difference between your accent and uk's accent? Gday.
"I'm sure any ent-friends would feel charitable on the holiday! It makes me very sad that as a fucking poor college student, I am actually unlikely to even be able to get any bud at all for 4/20. Maybe next year though :D"
"It's basically just applied math! How do you explain computer science to someone who's computer illiterate? I was recently visiting some of my older relatives and they were asking about what I study as a computer science major. I was having a really hard time explaining to them what I do. Obviously, it's pointless to explain the concepts I'm currently learning (that would require much more time in addition to a basic CS background) so I was trying to give them a really broad description. After talking to them a bit, it appears as if they've concluded that i'm studying tech support... Anyway, how can I go about explaining my major to others?"
Rice gum hahahahahahahaha Youtube star Ricegum finally gets the courage to reveal his feelings
"I too fear the future (a bit) now, and i am a very optimistic for the future kind of guy :( 70 dead is really a lot for a tractor attack. Imagine a monster tractor running around mowing down people on national day, that's crazy. Are these Muslim terrorists again ? The western world is going to recoil so hard from muslims this year. It's not mentiones but almost all terror attacks nowadays have an Islamic base. To be honest even I fear abit for my welfare and livelihood when I see fully burqaed women and ISIS symbols and sword logos in Brunei. It's a very easy ideology for the stupid and disenfranchised to buy into. We are kafirs afterall. I'm going to be the first to be targetted if an ISIS nut goes crazy at times square or something."
"Glad I could help! Did that, was corrected. Stuck foot in mouth, and bit down. Thanks, though!"
5 seconds How long is this gif because I'm high and I think I watched for 6 minutes straight.
That would make me so damn happy. I hear ThorSport has an opening...
It's a boy! A rock in my yard has a shell around it
How do you protect your stash from the pandas though? Storage area for trash /recycle
"If God can allow any evil for the sake of bringing about a greater good, why can't he support the lesser of two evils? As a Christian, you shouldn't support any form of evil, correct?"
"Just need a ""Can't wait to get in the action"" caption on the first photo An accurate depiction of the first 8 years on the job"
Anyone who I'd be willing to take seriously Sourced by whom? Supported by whom?
"That damn nature and its apex predators! so threatening the life of farmers/ their livelihood makes them stupid? Or is that sarcasm? How could both farmers and bird breeders live peacefully? One one hand I'm sure birds are important to you. On the other, it sounds like farmers don't like the birds for various very valid reasons."
"I think using Social Club for the multiplayer and not for the singleplayer is a fine. GFWL is shutting down, man. Social Club will be used for multiplayer."
Dont forget Sneijder and Gaitan my friend! We're busy signing Raheem Sterling.
Or the truth She's running for president. There isn't really time for breaks.
"Right click it when you search for it and set the shortcut in properties. I forgot how, but I think you can set a shortcut. You can also check out Gyazo."
You haven't flew yet? Thanks :)
"Make the monarchy great again! You're joking about that, but for example Hungary would be more than happy to become a part of Austria again. Just think about all that sweet investment and infrastructure"
"I always thought Bron chose 6 to symbolize his goal, Jordan's 6 rings. 6 is Bill Russell though. He should have picked a better number when he changed it to begin with."
"You *also* forgot Jim ""I killed a man"" Webb and Lincoln ""my dad just died"" Chafee You also forgot Lessig."
not really This is a great and true comment.
"It's this bit from the bottom: ""AND BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED THAT immediately after the next election, an all-Party process be instituted, involving expert assistance and citizen participation, to report to Parliament within 12 months with recommendations for electoral reforms including, without limitation, a preferential ballot and/or a form of proportional representation, to represent Canadians more fairly and serve Canada better."" Where in that resolution does it mention changing the FPTP system?"
not as spicy as dem kidz bops tho fam superflex is superdank
And tell your mom about this sub. The CES letter wakes you up to the reality that the church isn't true. Fawn Brodie's No Man Knows My History teaches you how it happened and why. Give your mom a hug from all all of us. Good luck to you both.
"There are no dutch guilds, I'm fairly certain of that. Any Dutch and/or English social / semi-hardcore guilds with room for new players?"
I like it Nice...collar...
"Or maybe she's just not interested in this guy? You see, this is one of the many reasons sexism is awful. When we teach women to wait for men to approach them, when we teach them not to ""appear too eager,"" when we teach them those things, that's why the dynamic exists online where women are just showered with attention and men compete for them."
"Seriously, I've been jumping for five minutes. Dull as rocks Slow as socks"
This is not fatlogic ... obviously fat hate. This could be you. Follow your dreams.
90% seems like a lot Bernie Sanders Would Tax The Income Of The Wealthiest Americans At 90 Percent
"Flipkart and Snapdeal spat over Alibaba's entry and the thumbnail has Amazon? Flipkart, Snapdeal Public Spat on Twitter Over Alibaba Group Entry in India"
"Nah mayne, it's dat dere celltech No, actually its called Clen/Tren/HGH, are you really that naive that you think they're just gaining 30lbs of lean mass in that short a time from diet/exercise alone? If that were the case everybody who works out regularly would be that jacked, they aren't because they're not on testosterone."
"It's evolution, baby. *Trained like dogs, color and smell. Walks by me to get to him* I see nothing has changed in the past 20 years."
"I uh.. I dunno Hey Peter, you wanna see my paginis?"
"Dear Stirner, I hope not. Does the far Right have a similar relationship with Trump as the far Left has/had with Sanders? Like do you get a mix of people supporting him as a step in the right direction and others denouncing him for not even being a real fascist?"
"gf sits on your lap, duh. Uh, how do you sit next to a friend or a gf then? They have bigger ones too right?"
"Jstew and TD58 are the big notables. What'a the inactive list look like, fellas?"
"Thanks a lot! Dominic Barton, the man tasked with drawing the blueprint for Canada's economic future, and a council of advisers have come up with a plan to lift the country's faltering growth prospects: Increase immigration targets by 50 per cent to 450,000 people a year, create a new department to increase foreign direct investment and build a national arm's-length infrastructure bank A group of external advisers to Finance Minister Bill Morneau will call on the government this week to dramatically increase the level of immigration and foreign investment coming in to Canada to stimulate a sluggish economy in future years. Their recommendations include increasing immigration by 50 per cent to 450,000 people annually over five years while easing the process for highskilled and entrepreneurial foreigners to come here; building a new department to entice foreign direct investment into Canada; and creating an arm's-length infrastructure bank. The recommendations were confirmed by several senior sources who spoke with The Globe and Mail. The infrastructure bank, seeded by federal money, would co-ordinate the building of large-scale projects such as electrical grids, highways, ports and transit systems, with a goal of tapping $4 from private financiers for every $1 from Ottawa, sources said. The 14-member Advisory Council on Economic Growth, chaired by Dominic Barton, global managing director of the consultancy McKinsey &amp; Co., will deliver its first three recommendations to Mr. Morneau in Ottawa on Thursday. The council, which includes venture capitalists, institutional investors, business executives and academics, plans to present up to 20 ideas in the coming months intended to help Canada boost economic growth beyond forecast levels of less than 2 per cent annually through 2030. The minister is expected to announce plans to act on at least one of the recommendations in his fall fiscal update, sources said. ""My sense is [the government is] keen to receive these recommendations as soon as possible,"" said one source close to the council. ""That probably tells you they want to do something."" In a speech to a Public Policy Forum summit in Ottawa last week, Mr. Barton said ""We're going to come up with aCa bold ideas that will actually jolt the system and get implemented."" Expanding and improving the immigration process would address a key concern raised by fast-growing Canadian tech companies. Many say visa approval times for foreigners with high-level executive experience or in-demand skills can drag on for up to a year, and that coveted recruits who would otherwise move to Canada are not willing to put their lives on hold for so long when they have multiple opportunities. As a result, many tech firms say they have either lost out on key hires, or been forced to have such people work for them outside Canada. ""The current immigration process is overwhelmingly convoluted - even Kafkaesque,"" said Tobi Lutke, CEO of Ottawa-based retail software firm Shopify, Inc., which is hiring hundreds of people this year and has lost recruits because of immigration delays. ""The people we need to bring to Canada are not building widgets that Canadians otherwise would. The people we are recruiting aCa are the teachers that help us scale [up]. If we want to build the best companies in the world here, we need to allow the best people in the world to move here."" Such thinking has guided panel members, who believe that increasing immigration and making it easier for skilled foreigners to move to Canada can increase the pool of people with the training, ambition and drive to create substantial economic value and help support Canada's aging population. For example, a recent study by the National Foundation for American Policy said more than half of Silicon Valley startups valued at $1-billion (U.S.) or more were founded by immigrants. The panel is calling for employers in technology and other expanding sectors to be exempt from the time-consuming process of proving no Canadian could do a job they want to offer to foreigners for senior positions or specialized roles, such as data science or digital marketing. Foreign students who have studied in Canada should have an easier time immigrating, the council also believes. In addition, the council will recommend in the coming months the creation of a national body to help Canadians develop their skills and training for more technical jobs of the future. Council members are pressing Ottawa to create a department charged with increasing the level of foreign direct investment in Canada, which has expanded by just 2 per cent annually since 2005, well below the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development average of 7 per cent. Canada is seen as a relatively difficult place for foreign firms to invest, while fewer than 20 of Canada's trade commissioners are devoted full time to seeking out foreign investment. Several U.S. states, and countries including Ireland and Mexico, have hundreds of employees dedicated to that task. Sources say the new agency would have 60 to 70 employees - not bureaucrats from other departments but people with relevant experience. They would promote Canada as an investment destination and serve as a ""one-stop"" source of information and links for foreign investors to local talent, universities, local-industry players and supply-chain networks. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's mandate letter to Trade Minister Chrystia Freeland last fall called on her to create an ""Invest in Canada Office."" The council's call for an infrastructure bank likewise echoes a Liberal election promise to provide low-cost financing to municipalities for infrastructure projects. However, the council and Mr. Morneau are now looking at a more ambitious plan in which the bank would gather and prioritize large projects that could earn revenue, such as electrical networks, and that attract billions in added international investment. Council members Mr. Barton and Michael Sabia sketched out the infrastructure bank idea at the Public Policy Forum summit last week. ""The idea of having some sort of central agency that can help us deal with those things with institutional investors makes eminent sense,"" Mr. Morneau said at the same event. The council and government officials are anticipating some resistance to the recommendations. Immigration Minister John McCallum and Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains say they support more immigration, but acknowledge facing some opposition from within the government. Several recent polls - including one conducted for Mr. McCallum's department - found little support for increased immigration. Mr. McCallum said in an interview on Tuesday that he is not prepared to go as high as 450,000. But he suggested the number will rise from current levels of 300,000 when the government releases its 2017 immigration targets by Nov. 1. ""This is a somewhat controversial issue, especially when you talk about numbers that high,"" he said. The minister said no final decisions have been made. Attracting investors to infrastructure will involve some degree of privatization - either for new projects or selling federally owned assets. A recent Public Policy Forum report said airports, water and waste-water infrastructure are the likeliest candidates. However, public-private partnership projects have drawn criticism in Canada and abroad, while political meddling has created the kind of uncertainty international investors do not like to see, including efforts by the Ontario Liberals to change the terms of the privatization of Highway 407 set by the previous government. The council recommendations are not binding, but panel members have worked closely with ministers and bureaucrats since the group's launch in March. COUNCIL MEMBERS Finance Minister Bill Morneau's Economic Advisory Council on Economic Growth: Dominic Barton (chair), global managing director of consultancy McKinsey &amp; Co. Elyse Allan, president and CEO of GE Canada Katherine Barr, venture capitalist with Mohr Davidow Ventures Jennifer Blanke, chief economist, World Economic Forum Kenneth Courtis, chairman, Starfort Investment Holdings Brian Ferguson, president and CEO, Cenovus Energy Inc. Suzanne Fortier, principal and vice-chancellor, McGill University 6 Carol Anne Hilton, CEO, Transformation Carol Lee, CEO, co-founder of Linacare Cosmotherapy Inc. Christopher Ragan, associate professor of economics at McGill University Michael Sabia, CEO of the Caisse de dApA't et placement du QuAbec pension fund 6 Angela Strange, partner, Andreessen Horowitz Ilse Treurnicht, CEO, MaRS Discovery District Mark Wiseman, senior managing director of BlackRock Inc."
"None of them were good. first was best, 2nd wasn't as good but still funny and worth the watch, third.... it wasnt even a hangover."
I'm asking for your specific theory about why the Inflation situation overshadows the Deflation. If you're asking for my universal theory of sociology I'm afraid I haven't got one.
"I know it, but I don't want to say it. 10 seconds Mr. Marsh...."
I never said that. You don't think *you* would though.
"It actually is possible and there is a custom Skype client out there, but it's not possible (as of last year at least) to do calls on a custom client. Can't make a custom Skype client because its protocol is proprietary and closed-source."
"A lot of people are stupid, my friend. Why wouldn't you use strap locks!?"
The long con. Dude they're three years apart
"Cool, never thought of doing that The rankings are a little weird. You can check what rank everyone was in season 1 though. Even though I ended season 1 as a 58 I am playing with and beating low 70s now"
it is a great way to whore karma Hydraulic Press Channel is going to explode. Second post I've seen here today.
"based on what he's saying, he seems younger inb4 its greg parker I'm assuming he's 13 because of the username."
I was thinking that as well as they wouldn't technically need oxygen? Anyone try the electric props in the aircraft mod?
"What about vimeo? I'd recommend re-uploading to Mega or another file-sharing service instead of YouTube, to avoid takedowns."
Rody and Bato. Name a more iconic duo.. I'll wait
"Nothing to get, he cut off tiny bits of pizza hoping his roommate won't notice Me neither."
Beetlefags Who the fuck sits around and thinks this shit up?
Because he can check out any time he likes but he can never leave? Now you know why Gandalf tries to avoid the eagles unless he *really really* needs their help.
"The shrieking lady in the audience. Basically, who's more Hispanic? Cruz or Rubio?"
"I guess If you're a total homosexual, you might find that kinky. Who knew MMA was so kinky?"
Do you have a girlfriend? butwhy.gif
I have an answer to my question? Then what happened to it? Kind of funny after your earlier asinine comment.
What are you conquering? I conquer
"Do you suppose Jesus would be able to get to the ballot machine without flipping over tables on the way and getting himself thrown out? How would Jesus vote? Would He support universal healthcare? Our current foreign policy? Welfare? Universal income? Abortion? Contraception methods? Gay Marriage? NSA surveillance? The Federal Reserve? I'm thinking it wouldn't just be along either party line, but I want to hear what you all thi9nk? I don't think it is an absurd question. In fact, would He even vote at all? Would he recommend his followers be politically active or uninvolved? I know most of these responses will be simply people's own biases and preferences, as I suppose most of us are trying to share Christ's values as we see them. I predict there will be a LOT of discussion, controversy. But I think it's a good question to ask. What do you all think?"
"This is from 6 months ago, I don't understand why you're posting it now. s the rift between Sunnis (led by Saudi Arabia) and Shites (led by Iran) ruining the muslim world?"
"That's adorable :) Hahaha, I played World of Warcraft once (which is probably a good thing) and I killed a cat I was trying to pet. I spent the rest of my five minutes in that game begging other players to revive said cat."
sure it's their culture! Why does NI like to paint on sides of buildings still? Have they never heard of a billboard? Message appreciated however.
"Its one of thsoe I pick up and re read every few years, its jsut a great book. I was totally thinking about reading that one at one point. Thanks for reminding me!"
"I would hug him &lt;3 Dwaaaaaaah, that's completely non-frightening and adorable!"
"It does look amazing though... Completely agreed. Like, shit, it makes Gears of War remaster look amazing in comparison. Really weird."
Redwood forests . What is your most favorite place on earth?
The Whatcom County Sheriff's office is the best place to ask. Question regarding applying for a CPL outside the city on my drivers license
"But not nerfing cards could confuse new players... Poor guy. Pls Blizzard, no more changes so you dont confuse new players."
...Who is Champ? Can I speak to Champ?
"It's gonna be a great comeback, boys Favorite Tom Brady Quote? There are just so many incredible ones... A few personal favorites are: ""You know what my favorite ring is...? The next one."" ""ARE WE GONNA FIGHT? ARE WE GONNA FIGHT? OR ARE WE GONNA LAY DOWN?"" And of course, who could forget ""WHITE-80...WHITE-80HUTTTTT"""
* And replace it with your robe and wizard hat * Unpin this program from taskbar
"maybe she was walking on a sidewalk when someone copied her illegal, but lightly punished, previous actions? how did she die?"
I took our rental boat through that hole in the rocks... really stupid idea Faraglioni in Capri. Amalfi Coast in Italy. Captured during a weekend trip while studying abroad.
"goddammit fuck Vaporeon As I unterstand it, Razor Leaf has only about half the damage per second as Water Gun. So even considering type effectiveness and STAB, Vaporeon's Water Gun will still have a higher DPS than Vileplume's Razor Leaf, right? And because Vaporeon's stamina is much higher than Vileplume's, it should have no problem winning."
"Let this be a lesson to the rest of you. Towns pay $3.5 million to settle lawsuit: '5yrs ago, a heavily armed special weapons and tactics team charged into a home - guns drawn and flash grenades exploding - and killed a man who was quietly watching porn on TV'"
"yeah i think we dodged a bullet on this one, seemed really sketch to start off with. epic thread :)"
Thank you! Harry birthday for tomorrow fella.
"My only regret is that I didn't have awesomitis. its called ""awsomitis"" it effects only one person every 1.5 million years."
"Cunt. LVG: ""We are still in the race. 3-0 is a big negative result but until we conceded it was good."" Clown. Apparently not having a single chance besides Martial summoning his inner Thierry Henry is ""good"" now. Fuck this"
^^^^perfect A midget walks into a bookstore... ...&amp; asks clerk: 'do you happen to have any books on irony.' The clerk points to a shelf: 'top row.'
"This is why the entire fucking NFL is not cool with Ozzie Newsome getting a pick that high. We get Bosa? Okay, I wouldn't complain."
"You're trolling, bad at smash, retarded, or all three simultaneously. Boring. I wish EVO played Brawl so spacing and mindgames mattered over boring combos."
"Sr 91 If you had to be a fan of the driver that won the Cup championship the year you were born, who would it be? This is something I was thinking about a few nights ago. Retired or active doesn't matter. I'd be/have been a Rusty Wallace fan. How about the rest of you?"
Is there another version that is higher res? What an erupting volcano looks like from space.
"Source? Oh hello there, sis. I see someone's horny again. That was a lot of fun last night."
Yeah he sat a long time that season. You mean the year he got hurt and the only year besides his rookie season that he didn't break 1000 yards?
"Maybe it's ""I love you, [NAME]"", if not I have no clue. What even were the four words? Normally it's three words: I love you... Am I just an idiot or is there a four word phrase"
"Yeah, it insults the whip crackers when you improve conditions for the slaves. Why would you assume only the lower employees get a raise? If i was a shift manager making 15-20 and the workers got a 106% raise, isnt it assumed my rate should increase to 30.90 an hr? Their work nor experience req. changed why the special treatment?"
"""BEEP BOOP BEEP"" It should have crappy sound quality, like he recorded reaper saying ""DIE DIE DIE"""
Yes. This is because of rear end collision safety concerns right?
Remember the days when genius songs like Summer Girls came out? Everything turned to shit after 9/11
"Try ccleaner for clearing the cache, super easy. The wifi is buggy as hell Ugh.... spent an hour trying to clear the cache, and it seems they reversed the buttons after the ""Android in Distress"" step. Didn't help. Phone is refusing to connect to home wifi, 9 times out of 10. Considering it connects the 1 time, its not a router issue, its clearly a phone issue."
Meh... I'm so glad you are back
"shouldn't it be dead island 3? Dead Island 2 coming to Xbox One ""Spring 2014"""
There's so much room for activities! Having a large phone. Nowadays that means clearer graphics and an easier time dealing with your emails. In 2001 if your new phone was bigger than your old one you were doing it wrong.
"Why? I don't need a second opinion, I spent 4 years not brushing my teeth."
"What's with all these faggots in leather clothes, black and white facepaint and calling themselves Kiss? I didn't know that Pink's last name was Floyd. And she made an album called Berlin Wall, you say?"
No Mans Sky What is a hoax you're not proud you fell for?
He and Stephen Briggs are the best audiobook readers ever. Jim Dale. He is the voice of my childhood
"Lost in transcription. It's because the camera sucks, the lighting in the room sucks, and video compression on the file sucks. That's what happens. It's called a video compression artifact."
New best forum weapon Send this video to your favourite furry!
"Ok Gawker, you masters of baiting. Coca-Cola pulls Twitter campaign after it was tricked into quoting Mein Kampf"
Thanks! I really liked this!
Who is Wolf's alternative? Ice Climbers or Snake? Cuz if it was Wolf or Lucas I'd say you'd at least have comparable alternative characters.
Aka baseball is not very popular At the game today in TX. This is what the stadium of a first place team looks like.
Incoming but I have no idea what he's eating. is going in or coming out
Both trees and god approve of capitalism them Actually trees are competitive as fuck. Whichever grows fastest wins. Anything under its canopy can go fuck itself and become fertilizer.
"If memory serves, he usually loses it in the casinos or the racetrack, no? Who does tony place his Bets with? For example when he drops 100k in Chasing It. Just a little thing I'm curious about. Maybe a bookie in one of the New York families?"
idea: someone make an illuminati banner Ye m8 I heer illuminade r on that sub
You know your made-up science is bad when other red-pillers aren't buying it. RP NiceGuy explains how BadBoy Semen Makes Women Ugly
"Ah yeah,I forgot Rose is on the Two-Way lineup."
"If it's rolling the dice on quality vs death by toxoplasmosis, you may be motivated to risk it. Alternatively, don't ingest the chemical that skirted quality control and safety standards required for pharmaceuticals and continue to live. There are differences in production between a drug and the chemical that exist to ensure cleanliness and sterility."
Why did everyone got downvoted? Giselle Portraits
Anyone know where to buy these? Retail vs PerfectKicks 350 V2
"Unfortunately the puck was rolling really strangely on that breakaway, with the pressure from behind, it's hard to get anything worthwhile off that chance. Hall should've ended it there, but Ill still take the point. Also, what's up with the mice on the ice? Are the playoffs here already?"
"I'm pretty sure he's confusing anarchy with chaos. Sheriff David Clarke - ""This is a war, and Black Lives Matter is the enemy"""
Great argument! Your brain is small.
\#TheBlueJacketsAreActuallyGreat The Columbus Blue Jackets have extended their winning streak to 11 games and now sit first in the Metropolitan division.
"By definition, Christianity is to follow Christ and can be practiced regardless of which cannon people choose to use. Sorry to point this out to you, but if you don't follow your Bible, you're not Christian. Theist maybe, but not Christian."
Shows how little you know :) More like max 160k
Are they available in EU? Firewood 3 is the way to go.
That's it. Agonal breathing. It's a terrifying sound.
Gifted Hands Think Big The Big Picture Blowjobs Local artists paints portrait of Ben Carson
"You have to factor in that one Australian Dollar is roughly equivalent to one Yen. it wasn't the description of the man cold that got me, it was the PRICE of that jar!"
r Niantic please listen to this guy! This balancing issue makes badass pokemons weak af and a fix is easy long overdue
Window outside there's a soccer field Turn to your left and tell me what you see?
"Found the woman I'm going to get down-voted like crazy, but there's a good chance people can't stand the announcer because she's a woman and not because of the script. People really like complaining about women's voices."
"There are rumors going around that this is another Steven Bomb, but also keep in mind similar things happen like every other week and it turns out to be nothing. Steven Universe back next week? Comcast has a ""new"" episode scheduled to record for 4/5 (and hasn't had one on the list for months)"
And then he'll throw to keep them from reaching TI5 till they disband. LD will replace Mason in EG. You heard it here first.
"It ain't hard to tell, I excel, then prevail The mic is contacted, I attract clientele My mic check is life or death, breathing a sniper's death I exhale the yellow smoke of buddha through righteous steps Deep like The Shinin', sparkle like a diamond Sneak a uzi on the island in my army jacket lining Hit the Earth like a comet, invasion Nas is like the Afrocentric Asian, half-man, half-amazing Cause in my physical, I can express through song Delete stress like Motrin, then extend strong I drank Moet with Medusa, give her shotguns in hell From the spliff that I lift and inhale, it ain't hard to tell When you really think about the terrible things they have done at ISIS, it's hard to tell."
"Caught the batters ball, tagged out the guy running from 1st to 2nd, and then tagged 2nd base, since there was a runner on 2nd and he ran to 3rd. How was it a triple?"
"How about a hammer, that u can transform into a spike ball made out of blood I, personally would like a few more bloodtinge-scaling items. Currently, anyone with a bloodtinge build is effectively railroaded into Chikage/Evelyn. The build is quite predictable and lackluster. Adding a new trickweapon with decent bloodtinge scaling or damage that can keep up with Chikage, or an Hunter Tool (or item) that scales bloodtinge would allow for a bit of variation. Hell, a STR BLD weapon would be awesome."
Nope pats by 2.5 I don't know if that is an unpopular opinion to be honest. Aren't the Pats the underdogs this game?
... which wouldn't prevent them from claiming just this in their CV. There are humans who can count but don't think critically.
"Fall out boy, green day, panic at the disco, paramore, y'know the obvious stuff. What bands aren't really pop-punk anymore? I see so many posts about Brand New and I don't really think they were pop-punk after Favorite Weapon. What other bands fit this category?"
"Sorry \*cries *uncontrollably*\*. Definitely in degrees. I'll be knocked out sick for days if you put a bit of butter on my toast, but then you have people like you who just get a little sped up from it."
"Did you consider hiring a male escort? Drunk? My low self-esteem thinks that would be an idea too. I don't know how much of a starfish I was in the past, I tried my best not to, but it was difficult with not knowing what to do."
"Just fix the roof. Anyone have any idea if this product would work on a roof, to seal up leaks? How long would it last?"
Who better than Kanyon? Cutter
I have a 770 and it runs everything fine. What do you need for 1440p if you're not running hugely demanding games?
"Yeah, apparently we are not a lot of people to like reasonably sized phones. I wish it was a 5 inch version of the op3"
"Where has a person who knows him called him selfish, self-serving, and arrogant? To add on to this, there are also issues that have nothing to do with his political stances. A lot of people have found him creepy to be around, which I think is part of how the ""Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer"" joke may have started. I also constantly see him being described as arrogant, self serving, selfish, etc. by people that know him personally and have met him. Apparently its a whole new level of arrogance and people just can't stand to be around him. I think its fair to say that things like this still affect him campaign, especially when it comes from non-supporters who want more reasons to dislike him."
Gotta love voroni This year I 3D printed the Oscars for my annual watch party on a Form 2.
"A majority of this sub doesn't acknowledge mixtapes that came out before 2012 I never hear people talking about A Kid Named Cudi, did people not fuck with it? I mean I loved MoTM as well but AKNC was practically all I listened to summer of '08, couldn't get enough."
"I think that is a new one with the rare cats, Sapphire and Jeeves? I await the day that Gozer gets a wallpaper haha i cant seem to see one of the wallpapers in game though. its greyed out with an ? on it"
"There's another article about an acetone spill I'd kind of like to see less news that is just related to chemistry, and more news about chemistry research. I totally agree. The advice threads can be repetitive sometimes and I wish people would use the search more, but in general it's a great tool that I've personally used to get info from people about REUs and undergrad research. The spill article (which was an HF spill, I believe) wasn't of interest to me either, but other articles that highlight new findings (w/o having to get through a complex journal article) would interest me."
"Rye on the rocks. What do you do, when you get home, to cheer up after a bad day? Had another one today..."
Pipkippy special *Gone Houdini* Pipkippy special with a BIG finale
"Looks like SystemX, given their logo is on the drop forward... Can anyone ID this cocker?"
...can't find his way home :( Tuvok?
"If we are so committed to logic, then no one should be drinking at all... Fetal alcohol syndrome is an incredibly serious issue and has always been. It appears to me that the CDC alert is completely logical and rational and contains the necessary severity in tone. The problem is with the washington post writer, who got unnecessarily offended over it. Logic is a cold and uncaring force."
I'm not worried then. I think only other digital currencies and gift cards maybe.
"I got the emails for a few months, called to complain about limit/price.. Ended up with faster service at $25ish less per month and a higher ""cap."" I've been Over the ""threshhold"" several times and am Currently running a 4 month streak of getting those emails. Cox has yet to do anything but send those notices and I have yet to Hear of them doing anything to anyone Else."
"Hold on.. isn't the definition of ""I hate it"" that something you don't like happens? Because something you didnt like happened? Do you hate game of thrones cause a good character you like dies too? Its like bitching about minecraft making the portal and not liking what happens when you walk through it. No one said you had to walk through the portal to enjoy the game."
"When did I ever say that? Why do you think an old white man is suited to play a ""maybe middleeastern"" guy in his 20-30s."
"And should not be used in real life because? ""You sir are a gentleman and a scholar"" is the complete phrase, and it was everywhere maybe 6 moths to a year ago."
"I'm holding out for when Bernie gets a square cash account Donate money to Bernie's campaign! Stop just loving him, and send him some dollars to help him keep going! I did. It was easy. They took paypal."
"I'd go with invisibility and sonar, because you can't see anything if you are invisible. The first power would be invisibility, and the second would be phantom movements. Being invisible is cool, but if they can hear you moving around, it's kinda pointless. And being able to go through solid objects would be freaky as hell if people can see you."
Not with winston and any at all DB coverage lol Lovie told them to commit penalties to get a longer drive going.
"It's almost like when Paris was build up in the late Middle Ages that they had no idea about good map design. Honestly I kind of like, and I know others like it too. I can however understand why some might not. If nothing else it is just been placed in a reduced rotation to act as some variety until it can be fixed. Personally I can't seem to find something about Paris that I like :( I really want to like the map but I'm coming up short."
"WELL YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT THOSE MODIFICATIONS TO YOUR A2 SCOPE! They can't show that, it's classified information son."
"um, only works if the snow depth is measurable in inches, not feet. LPT: Don't have a shovel? Use a broom to sweep away the snow!"
"Marketing genius. Woody, my opinion on DITL Branding Hey Woody, Saw the DITL and regarding your intro, I would like if there was a short intro for the DITL about 2-3 seconds and for PKA I would like an intro potentially longer, it all depends on the pacing of the intro. If anyone else agrees let me know, and if you disagree and tell a potential solution."
I plan on making a group picture specifically for the little ones. You left out all the small cute ones!
Were the frogs poisonous? How big were the frogs
"the thought of lupul returning to edmonton makes me laugh for some reason Lupul, gardiner and picks. Make it happen nonis"
But people amortizing buildings over decades shouldn't get profit for investing their time and money? So much this. Lower rents are the way forwards. We should be allowing wealth creators to keep as much as possible and conversely to give rentiers as little as possible.
As with everything that BBY HR touches. A couple of us did and it went no where.
"I am, hope it's not rude or something Are you asking how I earn money to live?"
Goalkeeper mate he said he was fat Probably. Also an idiot and a liar.
"""Get in there you big furry oaf, I don't care what you smell!"" ""And i thought it smelled bad... on the outside"""
"Nirvana seeds Northern Lights, or any Northern Lights are usually low smell Would it be worth it to compile a list of strains and their respective company that produce very little smell?"
"In other words a great white cunt head. shark body with the head and genitalia of a geisha. if you see one, do not engage it. trust me on this."
"To be honest this is probably for the best, obviously if they are charged or convicted with crimes people should know however there are plenty of innocent people that have been arrested and then released. UK: MPs no longer to be automatically named if they are arrested"
Is she snigle lmao Everyone's talking about Jenny and Carly while I'm just here fucking my gril.
"Logging is the only one. Out of curiosity, can you give an example of that legit case to use singleton?"
"Due to the fact that he's the only dev working on it and that it is probably a pretty convoluted code because he worked for so long on it I doubt that anyone would step in and continue the project. What if Toady died before The release of DF 1.0? To be clear: I don't want him to die, at least not before his time has come. This is a hypothetical question asking: ""What would happen to dwarf fortress if Tarn Adams died today?"" Would it be abandoned in the stage it currently is in? Would someone else pick it up and finish it? Is someone else, besides his brother, already involved in the developpement of DF?"
Or did you? I had crazy fear for Alien (bad enough that I saw nightmares if I knew that it was gonna be on tv) and I'm overall bad with horror games. I have no idea how I managed to beat that game on the hardest difficulty and kept my sanity.
Yeahhhhh I would maybe wear a polo over that lol Got my shirt in just in time to early vote
Wut they fail ITCI lol
I thought you paid for the girls to sit on you? You pay girls to sit on the cake.
Jet magazines dont melt steel! That's hot.
Eeyup. What do they do with the waste? Recycle for scrap metal price?
That's what all the Muslim refugees should do - or GTFO. Syrian women burn a burka after being freed from the Islamic State
Alcohol and stupidity. What would possess somebody to do this?
i think he was just playing devils advocate You're posting on Reddit at 9AM on a Tuesday complaining about downtime and wasting precious man hours. You can't be THAT swamped at work. Get off your high horse.
Facebook is what you make of it yeah but i hate facebook.
"I'm trying to figure out how they will play this to their advantage. Hillary Rodham Clinton and her health My little rant. Before Hillary collapsed at the 9/11 event..... If she were healthy, it would have been a simple matter of holding a press conference with Hillary front and center along with one or more medical doctors that are familiar with her health history. An hour later, the whole issue would be put to rest. If she were healthy. If there are in fact health issues that would threaten her candidacy, then their strategy would be to do some or all of the following: 1) Take attention away from it by attacking anyone bringing it up. 2) Try to deflect the question onto Trump who himself is nearly the same age. 3) Accuse those questioning her health by calling them names such as conspiracy theorists. 4) Limit her exposure to the press. 5) Control the press as much as possible on this and other issues. 6) Refuse to provide any evidence of her health. 7) Refuse to admit any health problems. etc. Hillary's campaigns behavior points to there being some serious issues with her health. And that was before she collapsed on camera. Her collapse at the 9/11 event and their response appears to completely destroy their credibility on the issue of her health. Firstly the video where she collapses is devastating. Not so much due to the collapse itself, but their crazy efforts to hide what was going on when her handlers surrounded her while she was being dragged into the vehicle. But the frosting on that cake was the subsequent various claims from her campaign team where first she was a bit overheated. Then overheated and dehydrated, then allergies, then pneumonia. Which is it, people? Get your story straight. This gives no one any comfort about her health. It only muddies the water and makes us more suspicious. But the real nail in the coffin, was her apparently a few hours later allegedly walking out of Chelsea's apartment, looking absolutely chipper, with a big smile on her face, skipping along and waving to everyone. Really? Seriously? At the best of times, she walks carefully, often with help to get over or down small stairs or even a curb. The contrast between the two images is startling. Which makes one wonder if they tried to use a body double, a doppelganger. It would have made so much more sense if Hillary would have made an appearance in public in front of a bunch of microphones and reporters. She would have walked carefully but confidently to the microphones and spoke to the people and said that - yes, she had a problem earlier in the day but now is feeling better and is going to take a couple of days to get back up to speed and she thanks everybody for the good wishes, etc. That along with her doctor speaking truthfully and plainly to the people, and giving a credible diagnosis and prognosis would have gone very far to 1, let everyone know that she is okay, and 2, probably would have gotten a lot of people to feel for her, and want to see her get better, you know, some good will. There have been all kinds of instances where a candidate for an office had some kind of illness or injury and they were honest with their constituents and they still got elected. Some even were not able to actually campaign, and they still won. If Hillary's health problems were not of a nature that would knock her out of the race, any illness could have actually boosted her support. People tend to want to help an underdog going thru a rough patch. But, it is impossible to conclude that Hillary does not have a campaign threatening health problem. And that her and her campaign are lying their asses off."
(flapping intensifies) (fapping intensifies)
"Camelcamelcamel is your friend. Damn I didn't think to look on Prime day, for that price I would have retired the 360."
"you should install the games first... I just did the same without any problems Copy saved files from USB issue hi I just sold my ps4 and upgraded to a pro. I saved the save data onto my usb and now when I try to copy em to my new ps4 pro, it says ""application for this save is not installed"" for every single one of em. Does this mean I have to reinstall the game first before I can copy the save onto my new system? or is there a way to just copy the save."
"Historically speaking when a king or queen of England visits a country that isn't a part of England said country turns English pretty fast. It's up to the receiving country to decided if she's allowed to enter and what documents she needs at entry; it generally isn't an issue because she doesn't travel much to places not ""controlled"" by England."
Would you recommend the WM-F15? I bought mine on eBay and it works fine. Honestly I'd find one you like at a price you like and go for it.
"Why yes, yes they do Some just want to see the world burn. Also some men want to know if the Bird is the Word."
I think we are still decades away from having viable animal models. I don't think almost is appropriate here. Keeping a goat fetus alive for 3 weeks hardly equals growing a healthy goat. The regulations you would have to bypass to test this on humans once an animal model has been produced would be epic. That alone will delay this by decades.
"Nah man if he doesn't like it, it's shitty, duh! Oooooor HiRez makes a good default skin, then a good skin for sale later, and you get to pick which do you prefer. As has been the case so far."
"The KKK is not outlawed by the government, that would be illegal per the first amendment... First of all, the KKK is a hate group. A hate group. As such, their organization is outlawed by the government. Hence, in that case, they would not have to. And would be justified in not wanting to. On the other hand, if a non-kosher hot dog company wanted to get Tshirts printed and the owner of the company was Jewish, no one would think they were justified in rejecting the business for religious purposes. It also would be dumb business strategy."
But what about 1? I somehow feel the need to point out she neither has 3.
"Well, I'm never planning on getting married so...I guess I'll never buy a house lol Don't buy a home with someone you aren't married to."
"He won't start, most likely Castro will play, he's been pretty good recently. Don't really follow BvB too much so just curious, what does that mean for Januzaj? is he the 3rd option or 2nd? not really sure, Thanks!"
"I'm in the right state but across a few mountain ranges! Any groups on denver? I'm a 33 year old guy, 4'11"" with fairbanks. I've never really spent and time around little people and would like to talk to some folks that share common struggles. Maybe make a few new friends. I just not sure where to start. Any ideas? Thanks"
BEAST. Reading the WSJ this morning and had to do a double take with this headline
"Well hopefully we will get one more Brady/Manning game probably will be the last and a AFC Championship game is a hell of a stage for one of the greatest player rivalries to end on. That's exactly right and I'm sorry for the colossal asshats who troll this sub. I mean, I live in Indiana. And I can tell you that 9/10 Colts fans still have a furious hatred for the Patriots. They still have a connection with the Manning/Brady rivalry that makes them root against Brady and Belichick. It's the same for the Pats, except we really don't dislike the Colts anymore. We hate the Jets and Manning for the most part. When Manning retires, 99% of the Patriot hate will be removed from this sub. I'll be kinda sad when that day comes. It's hard for me to imagine that I will ever care about football as when I did when Brady/Manning was at its peak."
Makes no sense in my mind. He's been trying to down play their team everytime we take a big lead
If you're able to start at step four Is there a direct route to step 6?
Is there a version of this picture with only the characters? This is the first time though it's been in HQ
"Check using the MIDI device setup Output sound from 2 sources. I was wondering if it's possible to connect speakers via Bluetooth and other speakers via AUX and have them both play at the same time from a MacBook Pro Retina 13"" Thanks in advance"
I believe it was upheld as freedom of speech last election here in NH. screw 'em
I don't get how people don't understand that the laws don't apply to the clintons. Clinton Speeches May Have Violated FEC Campaign Rules
Having friends come over and play with you. What aspect of gaming in the 90s that's no longer around nowadays brings back vivid memories?
Boil it How to make soap more thicker if water gets in it accidentally?
His decesions about NASA made me hate him. Don't fall for that horrible man. He only says that to get votes of young people.
It's revenge for football starting at 10 in the morning for them I live in DC and I have to wait until 3:00 am to watch the new season?! Why is the West Coast fucking me so hard right now
Your username is really appropriate for this sub. I need someone to squeegee the squick-ew-ew-yuck off of my computer now.
"Wait.. But in all of those last three cases you can see the buttons on the controller. You just hold it, and you can feel with your thumb when you are on a button or not. Same way you operate a TV remote control, or a gamepad, or the Vive controller."
stream it fam I can't afford pay-per-view damnit!
...what an odd question. So... why does he always feel the need to film their bare feet?
"Knees weak, mom's spaghetti. Sweaty palms over here."
"What he does is *markedly* different from what ""seed""-based evangelists and the Church of Scientology do. How do you think he sells so many books?"
"apart from the NSA probably has backdoors on all windows OS's, why only ban 8? Likely due to US spying concerns. The NSA kinda fucked US tech companies up with their shenanigans."
Your best bet would be an FOI request Is there a way of interrogating NHS A&amp;E data to see how many presenting are registered with a GP?
Look how fast we got to Hitler in this crisis! Putin like Hitler in 1930s: former Czech foreign minister
That warmed my heart. Male Engineering Student Perfectly Explains Why Female Classmates Aren't His Equals
I HAVE NO IDEA WHATS GOING ON BUT I WANT SOME MORE OF IT PLEASE. UPLACKS AND UPRYANS
I too enjoy the taste of having my toothbrush stored inside a well-used fleshlight. I use mine as a tooth brush holder.
"Gideon could not protect Stein's wife from pound town. Does Gideon protect the legends from diseases? Just something I was thinking about, the legends are always traveling back to places where there were diseases like smallpox that people from the present aren't use to. Does Gideon protect them from these or do they not stay in one place long enough to contract them?"
"No you don't. I have a relative who is considered a hero in China by the Communist party. But he absolutely hates Mao and the Communist Party/Red Guard especially, due to what they did to his family. He thinks Mao was worse than Hitler, and that the Communists were worse than Nazis, considering the tens of millions of Chinese deaths that happened after Mao's takeover. But he keeps it to himself because he still visits China every year, and pretends to play along. When he is given gifts by the government he will accept it but later give it away. He's in his 80s now."
"The beard is supposed to make you seem more manly, but all you are is a bitch Dick goatee"
"Not only that, it simply wouldn't be Europe anymore. If Europeans become a minority in Europe it will not be a nice place to live."
Correct. You made a shitty bait post and got called out on it. This is not your shit-slinging space.
"**if/then** If you are going to insult someone, at least do it properly -_- If you go that far from the mission start it will automatically say you abandoned Manny and you failed the mission. I understand what you're saying though, trust me. This is probably just an if/than. If the object vehicle is a boat, then tell OP he's a faggot."
"You're being very, very thick if you think that there are no other really offensive social implications to using that word as a pejorative. Retardation is the act of slowing something down, so saying somebody is being retarded is the same as saying their brain is being slow. It's no different than calling somebody dense, thick, dumb, or stupid. Is it nice? No. But you don't insult people to be nice. Stop acting like the word is some horrible sin."
*you need to stay up off the streets if you can't take the heat* Sounds like a Minnesota thing.
"Oh my, that is literally Cancer. are those even minions?"
"Us in the AFC West have experienced this obnoxious shit for years now Hope you're ready for a few more years of this level of obnoxiousness. The Denver D as a whole were amazing, it wasn't just Von like this idiots claiming, but hey, he was SB mvp so he's always been that good right?"
"It is if she posts it to her story One, that's not how snapchat works, two, it's not from snapchat."
Works every time. I'm white.
"You're precious. come on Rock... too be the champ you got to fight through the Butt-hurt, You'll be able to spit nails, kid. Like the guy says, you're gonna eat lightning and you're gonna crap thunder."
"I'v worked at arbys for 2 and a half years now (i'm a crew leader now) and I honestly don't believe I work at arbys, I actually work at a retirement home.. Whenever I go to Arby's for lunch, why am I the youngest guy there? Do the elderly require beef to survive?"
"By Pulse, you mean High-RoF? I've not seen a uni remote since the patch. Challenge the sniper with a pulse ideally with high cal Or challenge the guy with TLW at medium range. Or just leave them there. Someone hold up at the back of the map will only do well if people keep unsuccessfully challenging. Go kill someone else and they'll get bored. No one wants to camp a head glitch and get a 5kd with 5 kills in 12 mins"
This cable is being sold on ebay for $5 so I kinda doubt it is an active cable. There are many cables with ICs buried inside one of the connectors.
"People don't want to think their candidate is not perfect. There were 9 primetime debates, and studies found Bernie had an overwhelming high rate of good press v bad press, almost 3 times higher. Stop making excuses. Less people liked Bernie, so he lost."
"Well once the buildings are destroyed, it will make it easier for Soros to inventory and steal their shit, like he's done before. # Kristallnacht # JustSorosThings"
Yeah if you want to be slapped/kicked in the balls... I could rape you is a better choice.
lel I laugh every time
I'd love to see a game based on this guy. This dude is fucking insane. Really makes you realise just how deeper and more complex archery was to master.
You know for pcmr y'all sure are a salty bunch... console sluts ruining gaming again
They are moving? Something is being done about this. They are not moving and will not lose their skull.
"Nah, 8 more after that as Ivanka becomes our first female pres. 8 years my friend."
That the one about school shootings? Pumped up Kicks
"Wat? That's pretty amazing. Since there's not really a single handbook on how to create, operate and maintain what it takes to maintain today's society, I often wonder how much we'd lose/forget, and how far we'd be set back if there was a global catastrophe with significant material, human and infrastructure loss. Sure, we'd have some stockpiles of stuff, but how I got could we operate?"
"Or just transsexual- No, wait a minute, that's not right... Futasexual would apply to having both working genetalia, you want ladyboysexual/intersexsexual."
"If they're comfortable but shouldn't be do you think they will abide by the gas company's warning? That doesn't at all address the people who are comfortable, but shouldn't be."
"Now I'm imagining him saying that Microsoft is alongside with NASA and BOM to falsify climate change by making all excel graphs increasing over time. Spreadsheets? *Spreadsheets?* Spreadsheets that disprove climate change? What a notion, eh?"
"Well, he's not wrong. War is not about bathrooms. - A United States General"
"""they"" did Who took the jobs this time boys?"
I've described men as that more than I have women. Cunt is actually pretty gender neutral in the UK as well.
There was a Russian wolf who would eat me if I didn't behave. What's the weirdest lie your parents ever told you?
Lourlo's laugh at the end makes it for me TL Reacts to IEM Gyeonggi
"You should have stood up and told him that for a Christian he wasn't acting very Christ-like. My dad died a couple days ago. It's been a rough time, but I've been getting through it okay. I've been getting a lot of support from friends and family, and while the statements of ""He's in heaven now with your mom,"" from my Christian relatives were tiring, I could understand they meant it as comfort, and took it as such. And then today happened. My dad was Protestant, and while he wasn't really part of any church, he was still fairly religious, so I had no problem with a family member asking their pastor to speak at his memorial today. Until the actual speech. Did the pastor mention how my dad was the oldest of four children, and often took care of his siblings by himself while his own parents worked just to put food on the table? Did the pastor mention how he served during the Vietnam war? Or how afterwards he met my mom, who had two kids from a previous marriage and took them in and was more of a dad to them than the piece of shit biological father they had, until my dad was *their* dad, and their biological father was just ""Frank""? Did he mention taking care of his wife when she slowly died, having to bathe her, change her, take her to the hospital in the middle of the night because she couldn't breathe, and was by her side when she died? Did he mention the car accident that sent him into a coma, his recovery despite all odds, and then getting back to normal in time to see his only daughter marry the man of her dreams and be able to walk her down the aisle without a wheelchair? Or even the fraility of life, in that my dad died because he stepped on a tiny piece of glass, his foot got infected, and he died due to the complications of that? Nope! What *did* he talk about? Them silly atheists, and how wrong they are about everything! He even said, and this is as direct a quote as I can remember, ""If you're an atheist, why are you even here? Steve is dead, and there's nothing left of him!"" He went on about how they teach people in Universities that the ""Big Boom"" made everything, and then everything just happened, but oh, they don't tell you what was before that! And how depressing life must be for atheists, if this is all there is, and how that makes them terrible people because of course that makes you want to get all you can in life while screwing over other people. The closest thing he even got to talking about death is obliquely comparing it to the Israelites arriving in the Promised Land, where there were ""Houses they did not build, and fields they did not plant."" Of course, forgetting to mention that the Isrealites had killed the inhabitants of that land... I'm hurt. I hurt because my dad wasn't that type of person. He may have been a believer, but he didn't mind those who didn't. After that I was talking with my brother and a couple non-believing cousins, and we all had pretty much the same thought: If it wasn't for the fact that it would have made our grandma cry, we would have walked out. I much preferred my mom's funeral. She was Catholic, and it was a mass, and the sermon was about living a good life and being rewarded in heaven after death. Still religious, but it wasn't a fucking diatribe against others."
Balls is Diamond 2 I would say that's pure gold but that's some diamond 2 level dissing right there
"I usually have 100-150 ping, and I get melted like never before. I play on console but I'm guessing its probably the same on pc since it is p2p. But they added something called lag compensation for people who have worse connection and give them an advantage. It isn't a bad thing but there is just TOO much in this game( it's in a lot of other games as well)"
I misread the headline and thought that they added a module to protect Candy Crush. Candy Crush Saga maker King deploys Duo Security 2-factor across whole workforce
But it's them kooky Scientologists with them invader forces on Mars and Venus who are the REAL crazies here! And a race of men living on the moon?!
*wonders of they sell Fossil watches as well...* * goes on reddit while customer waits outside*
It's time for an intervention! ITS TIME TO STOP
"Yep, one of you has a bullet and in the end whitey takes it from him! Next: it is racist for a white person to get shot by a black person."
"As opposed to a worldly, well traveled person like yourself? I don't think you have ever dealt with an SJW..."
"Dude, if you wanted all my upvotes, you could have just asked. A Sanctuary for Orphaned Kangaroos Whose Mothers Have Been Hit by Cars"
Even in a scrim thats a pretty bad choke from OG. Rise 249 Point Comeback vs OpTic (Octane POV)
From..? 6. Where the F**k did you come from? You could have stopped J.J. Abrams.
"I could handle seconds and thirds... Bring your ""A"" game! Can you handle this? ;)"
The terra is firma. It looks like Terra is pretty angry.
"Kevin Nash Name a wrestler, and then another Wredditer replies naming what was the best year of their career"
"Unless they win the fight, then you lost. First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."
"Just to clear things up, are the games for PS3 or PS4? Netflix account for games So yeah, I have some Netflix accounts that I can share with you if you are willing to gameshare with me,I trust the reddit community so I'll be giving you the account info first,once you sign in and check it's legit,you send the info.I'm looking for anything aside from DMC4,NBA,and AC Unity. If you're interested hit me up on the PSN: D4CValentine or send me a message here ."
"Was the pelvis x-ray done supine? Very small pneumothorax, with extensive subcutaneous emphysema. It tracked all the way down under his skin and inflated his scrotum. The two tiny opacities in that large balloon shape on the pelvis are the testes."
Good luck with that. I do. And I'm not giving out administrative permissions to any of my users.
"I don't know about you, but I prefer my women to only have two breasts, not 18+. 18+ small breasts. There. I'm off the list!"
tl;dr they are investing in scifi nano robots that we see in some movies that fix us at a cellular level. Google's Alphabet is part of a $700 million effort to cure disease without meds
"So we can call off the panic at losing religion in the West, since there are ways to compensate for any problems that might occur? Switzerland of course, I know that there are quite culturally and linguistically diverse but there are many, many factors that come into play to make for a stable society."
A douching accident? How Chuck Norris was Conceived
"Because they lack self-awareness and, much like small children and animals, they act purely on impulse. When a guy insults a woman's appearance for rejecting him, everyone and their mom knows that he's just lashing out because he didn't get what he wanted and he needs to feel better about himself by tearing down those above him. Why do they keep doing it when it's so obvious?"
"civilization is up there in the very first paragraph. Literally the only time ""civilisation"" is mentioned in the article is in the title. The rest of the time it's talking about a group of people who lived in a specific place without interference from others resulting in them being genetically similar to their ancestors who initially migrated. It's just a clickbaity headline that sounds better than ""DNA study confirms no outside interactions with Australian aboriginal people."""
"I bought a shirt and a hoodie, so pumped. Bought two shirts from blueyork. Awesome"
"No score! Official Game Day Thread: New England Patriots (3-0) @ Dallas Cowboys (2-2) | Kickoff 4:25 PM ET, October 11, 2015 | AT&amp;T Stadium, Arlington, TX"
"not like your ever going to see internet explorer for more than a few seconds. Yes, I am aware of this theme. However; the icons, such as explorer, looks very odd, I love the idea of new icons, but until there are tweaks to this type of stuff, I will most likely change it."
"I live in Saudi Arabia, ma tzakerne drunk already ?"
"Bro, the man murders us. Gerald Henderson. He's Michael Jordan against us and then Gerald Henderson against everyone else"
"I heard the Titan Z was just like sausage too, but you have to put it in water first to activate the sausage flavor crystals. This is more expensive and taste worse than sausage, but other than that they are practically the same thing."
"Curls and pushups probably What is the most complete workout I can do with a 50lb curl bar and a pair of ""perfect pushups""? I recently moved and will be moving again soon, so I'm not going to be getting a gym membership in the interim (~3 mo.), but want to continue working out. Mainly bulking, but any total body workouts are welcome! Biggest concerns right now are chest and leg workouts, since a 50lb bar just won't cut it for squatting/bench press."
"""I may be synthetic but I'm not stupid."" ...Anthony?"
"You mean 268 Lone Star drops? nope, prefer a HVT daily that drops 229/268."
Big red maybe? Why is your cream soda red?
"Weirdly enough, I think it would also help with spoken language skills, since most basic programming is about describing what you want in very precise language. Do you think it's important enough to add basic programming skills to high school STEM curriculums? Most higher science classes/fields seem more and more to require programming"
Superbowl is over now... can I has? GeForce GTX Titan Z GPUs in 4-way SLI powered Super Bowl halftime show
"She should resign her seat and have a by-election, to allow the people who voted Fine Gael and got her, to have a representative from the party they wanted. Fine Gael grassroots calling for Creighton to resign"
"What the hell I didnt know they didnt this blows Loot Beam for Raptor Key Parts Please I was very surprised to not see a loot beam or game message after getting the first raptor key part. Could've easily missed the drop. If ferocious ring gets a loot beam, so should these key parts. Thanks."
"That was definitely an ad, mate. I don't think that was an actual ad, I think they may have just gotten legally cleared to use the brand name Totino's rather than gotten paid for it. The reason is that to make it seem as normal of a commercial as possible before it gets insane later, it's better to use a real world product that the viewer knows, for immersion and believability, obviously unless the product itself is the joke, like Colon Blow or Happy Fun Ball."
"Say it ain't so. The 3,000,000 views weren't real people."
"Anybody test HE rounds to see if they cause spalling? Yes, but by the time HESH started being used they were using it against T-55's so I don't think we'll see it against the T-34 ingame."
"No kidding, plus with it you can do a vault suit or some kind of Wastelander outfit. Nice! the pip boy is what really ties it all together"
"The facebook group might have a bit more activity. Anyone interested in... Skydiving? Hey Vancouver! Not sure if this is the right place to post it, but here goes! So here's the deal: I'm looking for a few more adventurous souls to join me on a skydiving session! As someone without a car, it's pretty tough to get out there without the skydiving shuttle, which is only available to groups of 3 or more. Looking to do it pretty soon, as there's a spring discount for your first jump! Let me know if you're interested, and we can book together and get the group discount! Cheers, Ckydder"
"Did you use a light table? I drew Emma Watson. As always, critique is greatly appreciated!"
"Why doesn't this shady unkill retire? Arun Jaitley biggest disapointment, says Ram Jethmalani"
"Just use the freaking underhand free throw! Having dropped ""about 20 pounds"" in the offseason, Andre Drummond wants another All-Star birth and rebounding title."
"Do you have ""looking for everyone"" selected? Why are there so many guys in my quickmatch? It seems like every 15th or so profile is a guy. Is there a reason for this?"
"No, but I'm not the one bitching about people not doing anything to stop them. No. Are you?"
Where's the DLC cars? Best Vehicle Statistics Survey
RIP Good thing Dr. Drew has his own gym in his garage (according to an episode I heard of Loveline where Stryker was talking about how he went over to Dr Drews to workout in his garage)
nice try karmanaut Almost everyone in this thread is me.
Ohio is a single-party consent state. Do x-party consent laws apply if you're on public property? Ie: a public road? If you're in public you have no expectation of privacy even in regards to recordings IIRC.
"Wait, are you saying it wasn't plucked out of a shit post on this subreddit? This is nothing but rank speculation on the author's part. This could have been plucked straight from one of the shitposts on this subreddit."
"If you want it to be a natural, light color you might consider hard maple. See I want it to be a natural color and obviously stand out as something made from wood. I'm guessing all I need to do is seal it not stain or paint."
"I know that I'm in this sub, but I still feel bad for the cat and want to pet it so it's happy :'( This deaf, blind, brain damaged cat looks like poorly done taxidermy"
Corrine's the only person that can get away with being stereotypically girl-homophobic. Safe place for Corrine Kaplan fans It seems like there's a lot of hate towards her in this sub and I wanted a place for our kind to feel welcome :)
Don't forget Anthony Fasano Nope. Nope. Nope. Not buying into the Witten's successor pick until he tells us he's about to retire. I'm not having another wasted 2nd round pick on a TE after the Martellus/Escobar experiments. Especially Escobar.
"Wouldn't it be nice if this clarity of thought was present when it was decided to run off an entire tribe. Actually those were not spawned. Scorched Earth was set up on her second test server and a handful of people from a couple of tribes who have been on the server a long time and who have SE, myself included, joined at her request and tamed all the jerboa over the course of a week to help her NOT have to spawn in. The ""server maintenance"" that occurred that Saturday was actually her temporarily enabling server transfers so that all the jerboa uploaded from the SE server could be transferred to GR. That is why the ""hand-out"" building was at the green obelisk. I am aware not the point of this comment, but just clarifying misinformation."
The fielder doesn't have to touch the ball for an error to be scored What else would it be? I don't think the second baseman ever touched the ball.
This picture gave me wood. 7.62x39mm AR15
"Well, at least he wasn't fearing the sack. Gary Neville has been sacked by Valencia."
"Mongols! The market revolution was very important for everyone, except the..."
Mmm ;) I kind of want to lick your abs.
"That would not encourage people to utilize the latest update.... Kinda defeats the purpose. can we get a solo player 2XP event A lot of players have trouble backpacking, and I feel like this would be a way to provide some pain relief to that experience. If they can do it for parties why not solo players?!"
"Yeah, I'm an elitist because I don't pay to play with people far worse than me. Wow elitist..."
Getting flashbacks from wolfenstien: the new order right now. Germany went to the Moon?
"Its Toronto Sun, this is his Magnum Opus. I can't tell whether the columnist is writing satire, self-parody, or is so embarrassed by his subject that he purposefully exaggerated its aggressive stupidity."
"What if it was supposed to be""LOL?"" TIL The first message sent over Internet is ""LO"", which was an attempt to ""LOGIN"" to another computer. However, the message was unable to be completed because the system crashed."
"My brother had this toy that had a camera flash bulb in it, and he somehow discovered that if he set it off near the old radio in the garage it would make weird sci fi noises. Kid balances ball on fountain"
"I read that as ""asking a girl to do porn."" Asking a girl to prom"
No sorry! Oban Star Racers?
"Skinny is my favorite from him, with garbage and paid programming after I just checked out garbage the other day after only hearing a few other songs by him posted here the past few months. Any recommendations what I should check out next? I had tried to get into him a few other times with other albums, but garbage is what really caught my attention and made it click. That said just realized this was an album and not a single, dude stays on his grind."
Let's hope the broncos play the same way they played today. We're on to Denver.
"No, you can't really equate a tobacco tax and a poll tax, though... Is it unconstitutional to require a photo ID to purchase tobacco or alcohol?"
they probably need to upgrade it anyways. Wouldn't want to damage our own building.
"xD Very good point. Don't you hate how the impact of the ""if I had a nickel"" idiom has declined over time with inflation? I feel like I ought to start saying ""dollar"" instead."
I mean he kinds is/was Peter Parker. Coulda looked like a decent Peter Parker if ya ask me
"The women must obtain written permission first (I'm not married yet, so I have to check with my father before sharing a laugh initiated by my boyfriend). Their relationships sound so joyless, fraught with all sorts of imagined danger. Do they ever have a light-hearted laugh together? It's all so fucking angsty."
"Oh I didn't know it was beta... Strange after these 3 years of using it and 2 version changes... $70 for what it is, is a bit much when a lot functionality is made possible via free packages. Also with free alternatives like Atom and Brackets on top of having no updates for almost a year, it makes it hard to justify the cost. $20/$30 sure, but I'm not giving $70 to a possibly dead beta product."
"How does this look any better than answering such a simple question? There are so many comments here bashing her for not knowing the answer... c'mon she knows the answer, politically she just can't answer it because it would make the DEA look bad. She's not a dumbass"
"Right, but they won't let any other repair place check if it's possible. As others have said (and what I said in another reply), the existing physical damage to your phone prevents them from properly completing the recall repair. If they cannot properly remove and replace the display due to the dent, then they are potentially on the hook for much more than a sleep/wake button replacement if anything else goes wrong (such as the glass breaking). And thus it is well within their right to decline the repair."
"I fundamentally agree! It's the disease of all ideologies, not just religion"
"Disclaimer: Valve is a hacker friendly company. The other day, our team had an aimbot hacker that understandably pissed off the other team, so they decided to turn on the hacks too. Soon, the casual game literally turned into an arms race of ""which team can utilize the most number of hackers?"" By the end of the game, it was 3v2 aimbot hackers headshotting anyone that got in their sightline, while everyone else was pocketing the hackers with the Vacinnator, clinging on to dear life. It was incredibly hilarious, but also magnificently stupid. xD Please fix, Valve."
"What a dishonest coward Guy richer than 97% of Americans wants taxes raised to pay for national healthcare and free college, just don't tax him more because he's not really rich"
I've seen enough in the GDTs of people writing off the entire game once the Jays are down early. people are rightfully disappointed seeing as we just lost in really shit fashion against one of the worst teams in baseball... that's always going to feel bad
Pretty sure this is pasta I wasn't expecting that ending at all! What a plot twist!
"Title is perfect she is square like a refrigerator Refrigerator seeking tall, alpha baseball athlete"
"This would not be a high-speed rail option. A high speed rail would benefit San Antonio far more than it would benefit Austin. Its kind of infuriating that the most opposition to this is from conservative only-cars-matter San Antonio. Im not even sure I want an easy way for more people to crowd downtown Austin, but I am sure it is better for the greater good of the two cities."
For a day the next day the queen put out a death warrant. And there was much rejoicing.
What about the woman? I know. I shouldn't have told you. Now you'll be an ex-Redditor. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain!
"Only Depends on if you have great RB's because Ingram/ fred Jackson would be a great RB2 Personally I'd do it. ESPN Standard Scoring My Garcon, Spiller, Daniels, and Sanders For his Jeffery, Ingram, and Fred Jackson. Garcon, Spiller, and Daniels are all on my bench."
Ain't no one gonna filibuster for a retard. Where's Ron? Where's Rand? Where's Amash?
"just a synonym for pikey, knacker , scumbag, hooligan Is ""yob"" just another word for dickhead or does it mean something specific?"
khushi se bolo... Jai mata di
"Communism cannot be maintained absent a monopoly on force, as humans will always find it preferable to organize themselves into hierarchical relationships. Relevance? I never said it was possible. I gave you the definition of Communism. Here it is from Wikipedia if you don't believe me or can't use Google: ""Communism is a revolutionary socialist movement to create a classless, moneyless, and ****stateless**** social order structured upon common ownership of the means of production, as well as a social, political and economic ideology that aims at the establishment of this social order."""
"What do you mean by pushing it backwards? I would suggest growing your hair out a bit and then pushing your hair backwards, could also help you deal with the back sticking up all the time"
"If they were really clever they'd buy H shares vs A shares, bring in the spread and make it look like foreigners had confidence in chinese stocks. Yeah if they're clever they would want to frustrate people's YINN/YANG plays."
they shook why did they call a timeout?
"Well, I see the vacuum is out, so maybe OP was about to clean that up. The least he could do is clean up the dirt on his floor though..."
"....or loaded like a Saudi prince. Im not sure, someone willing to drop a mil for sex can't be that bright, or is horribly undesirable and or abusive."
A little bit. Do you regret going?
"This should be way higher up. I'm 23, for Christmas last year my grandma got me a wooden ruler. Nothing else. Ended up using the ruler one day to measure my penis. Felt kinda weird about it after."
Good read ... Apart from the Cuban guys I never understood why Olympic medalists sometimes don't turn pro ... Learn something new everyday ... Thanks OP Why many great amateurs never turn pro
I like Dreadlock. Horselock coining it now
Can your gateway be put in bridge mode....your doublenatting which is causing the issue with the router. How to have an open nat?
I'm in the army so 24/7 I guess How many hours a week do you work?
"Except it's exactly the opposite, fat people burn more energy. No... that's not how that works"
I wonder what the weather is like up there... I wonder if he plays basketball.
Good Hatred sounds like a TV show with vampire school girls. I think fedora shaming can be a good thing and so can fat shaming. But only one of those has to SJW approval of being the Good Hatred^TM .
Hopefully one of the ISPs steps up and offers more data. Am using Connect Velocity. Streams juuuuust fine :) Now we just have to deal with uhh data :(
"Hameron* Crazy world. Not only is cameron a lying sack of shit, he has blood on his hands. The travesty is that he knows he's a cunt, and corbyn Is practically a saint compared to the pig fucker,but with his command of the right wing press people will lap this shit up and be non the wiser."
"Well, yeah, but those are already in the Player's Handbook under the normal list of things for people to buy. This is pretty good. All I could consider adding is buying a galley or airship."
"According to their agenda, if you upvote someone who supports Assange, then that makes you a terrorist too. The Obama administration thinks Julian Assange has a political agenda, and ""that, among other things, disqualifies him as being considered a journalist."" Stop and ponder that, I dare you."
But who would want to waste ubb on phase three when you need it the most Im assuming he kept losing units a lot and forgot that he could revive
yep Does it remove your disguise when you get into combat?
The original arcade game and Super Punch-Out on the SNES had KO punches. One minor gripe with Smash 4 Why is Little Macs KO punch not called the Star Punch? Where did the KO punch come from?
Or wearing a kippah/hijab/turban AND being with your SO :U Like wearing a kippah/hijab/turban or being with your SO.
"Happens in red temperature zone for sustained time(Typhoon seems to take damage very quickly for some reason). Does that only happen on orange/red temperatures, or could even happen below them? I tend to cut WEP as soon as I reach 105-120 degs/Celsius, using BF 109s. I found out that cutting the engine to less than 20% will cool your temperature very fast (I observe the gauges and wait until it drops back to 50-60% heat), but when I use WEP again it goes back up extremely fast, almost as if I never cooled it off. I maybe gain half a minute of WEP if I do that. Do you have any tips on how to effectively cool the engine *and* climb well? Thanks."
"No I got these individually, took me a lot of tries x.x Nice. Did you get 3/4 in a single game? Which one was the hardest for you? My friend and I got the Hard Mode one in 2 games (our first 2) but it took me forever to get the ""Play as each character once"" because people lock in instantly and you cant switch"
"Believe it or not, members of every race die every single day except us white people, of course, we're immortal like the elves in Lord of The Rings When your rational is that BLM means they matter too, you can't say you don't care about other lives. It makes you a hypocrite and a twat."
"Maybe they should read the bible, how fucking stupid can these guys be? Christian conservatives furious after Obama says all religions have historically committed violence"
"Definitely type slower until I turn off my brain. Used to be stuck at 75 wpm, started playing a few games of typeracer at work every other day, now I'm at 80-83. Helps to stretch your hands first, and don't focus so much on the word/message itself. Remember you're not trying to really comprehend what you're typing; this is the hardest to get past I think."
"I perfectly recall it names Monsters University I remember a second Monsters Inc. movie, I saw it when I was 6 or 7. The memory is really vague but I don't recall it being Monsters University, it was more just a continuation of the first movie. It had Randall in it and he was trying to get revenge on Mike and Sully for the events of the first movie."
"Seriously, though, how many did you think there had been? TIL that there have been 2 world wars"
"I push my 14 month old around the shower floor like a hockey puck. Reddit, what weird things do you do in the shower? NSFW"
"I meant upvoting the post that already exists............ yes. first look over to the right of the screen. see where it says ""submit a new link."" that button is how you can submit a link......"
"I agree that this ability should be there, legally, but in my opinion it has little to do with influencing a people's image of civility. The ability to defend one's self, one's family and one's property is a sign of civilization. It's getting harder to do all three in the US of A."
RIP -500k/h from QBD So did QBD get any replacement drops for blood/death runes?
I use it as a modifier in Photoshop quite a bit. I'm genuinely curious.. Who needs Caps Lock? I can't think of a profession or instance where Caps Lock would be seen as necessary.
oh fucking Christ that looks amazing... The most perfect vanilla bean cheesecake I've ever made
Kaio-what? ulting with the Project Yi skin i feel i turning into a Super Saiyan God Super Saiyan.The only non-ultimate ability i know that looks like Super Saiyan when Darius has 5 bleedstacks on someone(he looks like SsjG or Kaioken)
Lol well it turned out to be pretty much the right quote so all is forgiven You're right. I overstepped. I am sorry.
"thank you! Open a ticket with support and they will ask you to do something, if they like it, they will give it to you."
"That doesn't look like a man who concerns himself with women to be honest. I remember seeing a reddit post about a girl living in japan, and she shared her experiences with sex there and relationships. Apparently you can't straight up ask the person you like to go on a date, you have to tell people who know that person that you like them, and they set up the dates. For sex you have to wash up before doing so, usually making the spontaneous passion dissipate. Sure you don't want to have sex after working the farm, but I mean before EVERY time? Also the woman isn't supposed to move, otherwise their considered to be masculine. Apparently the poster said after she had sex with a dude, he thought he may have been gay because she was the one moving. They have a lot of twists and turns that aren't written rules, just word of mouth. Or it might be because they are the most depressed country in the world."
I had to email customer service to figure it out.... Glad to see that I'm not the only one who thought it's overly difficult to find where to buy a phone. You can get to it via *Manage Plan*. I don't know why they decided to make it so hard to find.
"Depending on how Ragan does in the 55, I think he could take it over full-time, while Moffitt could end up in a third MWR car, assuming he manages to get sponsorship as well. The 2015-16 Silly season: where do all the rookies go. We all know Chase Elliott will be in the #24, but what about Ryan Blaney probably a full season in the #21, and the others Ty Dillion, Brian Scott, Chris Buescher, Brett Moffitt...What about Brian Vickers, David Ragan, and Casey Mears all of there contracts are up at the end of the year. Has Rousch given up on Steinhouse or Bayne? Lets see everyone's predictions Here are mine #24- Elliott #21- Blaney in a full season I think Ty Dillion takes over the #13 or a second Furniture Row car, if Dillion moves to the 2nd FRM car then Mears stays in the #13. I think Moffitt will be full time in the #55 and Vickers and Ragan end up with lower level teams or possibly pull the Elliot Sadler and Ragan Smith route and go back to Xfinity."
"Who you calling a narc, narc Who you calling a narc, narc"
I know how magnets work and I still think Magneto's a wizard. I'm not sure he could explain it to a scientist without them getting angry.
"It might be my Internet provider, but I definitely watched it on Netflix Do you use a cable provider that offers an online streaming service? I'm just trying to get to the bottom of this because either there is a simple explanation that you may have forgotten about or you have special internet and I'm jealous."
Recipes I could stand behind for sure Only way I can see it working is if people exchange *only* recipes. But I doubt people would 100% stick to the rules. The temptation.
"Even in 1970 most of those things listed would have been fallacious. Spot on. It seems to me like maybe this list was written in like, 1970 or something. It certainly doesn't apply in today's world."
"I get that you said that, but what about the other things I said in that comment? Yeah, like I said. I agree with you he's a top of the top (top 5 at least) two way center."
"If someone infringed on Microsoft copyright in the kernel and they threatened a lawsuit to bring the bad guys into compliance we'd probably all be quite pleased. Yes. And if you know anything about the SFC, this is a preliminary discussion with the threat of a lawsuit in the background. If Microsoft, who has plenty of contributions to the Linux Kernel, had done the exact same thing as the SFC ... I wonder what people would think of that? IMO the SFC is guilty of legal abuse on the level of ""patent trolls."" If anyone wants any details, I would be glad to answer."
"In Soviet Russia, Yes Emotes YOU! In Communist Russia, yes and no is same emote."
"Like anyone ever reads those ... Download, Accept, Next, Install, Whine about Privacy, in that order. Which would be an improvement!"
Billy Badass? Also fun fact: The guy who played Billy in the movie was actually a real life Hell raiser. He had to have a guy follow him off set because he'd go to the local bars and get into fights and beat the shit out of people. It was basically a bodyguard for other people. He's also like 40 in that movie and insanely ripped.
"You could say, they trolled you. If I remember correctly, your level when facing that is about 10. The level of the troll is 25 or so. For some reason, Bethesda decided to be a dick about your first troll."
TIL law abiding citizens are terrorists. I didn't realize that Arizonans were that committed to terrorists having guns. Good to know.
Would be nice if someone made a chart showing the mass shootings in each state Casualties due to IS terror attacks around the world.
"Yea, it's true that they are less threatening than others, but they are no where near silent currently, they are on everyone's radar. meg and austin aren't being targeted by many,either.They both have shields and are seen horrible at comps."
Most people like BJ's. We still love you BJs
"If you've ever had night seizures there is still question. If you've ever owned a dog then there's no question that they dream, and it would make sense that they dream about the thing they care about the most and spend the most time with."
Wow never thought this would happen in ark... Unwanted mammal pregnancy! My Doed's knocked each other up while farming stone! we need the ability to perform abortions!!!
Exactly 4 days ago. and this was when?.....
"He doesn't mind Chick-fil-a but prefers McDonalds and Wendy's ""chicken"" to Chick-fil-a's real chicken. He likes fried chicken but not Chick-fil-A?? Wtf"
She reminds me of that hot night elf face on warcraft3 boxes What a beauty
"physical copies have DRM too You can't, hence why I said I prefer going and buying physically copies. You install and start playing while steam users are forced to wait until midnight PST/PDT."
"followed by useless comment, likewise Useless comment here, just wanted to say thanks for the discussion."
"You can very much teach science without debunking that basic pillars of religion, lots of scientists are Christian/Muslim/Jewish etc without denouncing their beliefs. Should they be? Personally I'd say they should lean towards atheism. You can't very well teach science, without debunking quite a few religious beliefs. Personally, I think STEM is quite important and our education system should probably be bias towards it."
"If my house was built the way an NBA practice facility was, I'd be so happy. I love that 6'3"" George Hill has to jump to reach the Gatorade."
Trap game confirmed 8 stats that prove Tom Brady absolutely owns the Steelers
I deliberately ignore their attempts to bait me. How do you deal with passive-aggressive people?
Last weeks episode was on YouTube the next day. Is Mariah's World on any streaming services? I don't have cable.
"I didn't even know who was in the faction, just saw the vocal minority. I know you didn't have bad intentions making this post, but we aren't newer players (at least I'm not). I am a vet and just never got noticed really. I've been here since sept 2012, so please don't call us randies. The rest of what you said true-shit"
"It's almost like there also wouldn't be any evidence *if it didn't happen* It's almost as if there was evidence available to the public, they would not have gotten away with it."
"Why did you guys stop? Well the schedule and event planning took awhile. The actual t-shirts took about a night to design and iron on! Hence the high quality. We did have fun with Repo Man - we made fake car repossession notices and put them on cars all around the neighborhood. For the Cage Factor we made a 4ft tall wickerman and burned it in the fire pit that we flew our ConAir paper airplanes into while drinking beer. It was amazing. These were so much fun - highly recommended! But the preparation of events is KEY. Essays, angsty poems, repossession notices, wickermen, lassos..."
"Give this gold Careful. Talk like that will land you in unwritten court, where the unspoken judge will bang his tiny unseeing hammer and send you to unprescribed jail where you'll eat uncooked food and spend all day every day in an undeterminable cell with nothing to do but read unwritten books about the UN in your underwear."
How are you not murdered? Did he get murdered after acting like a thug and pissing off a wrong person?
"""They did it to ruin battlefield"" ""By putting black people in it?"" You mean make a guy black?"
"I wouldn't expect a huge increase in fidelity Hopefully the CG for the non-human characters is good this time. It was terrible in Nightfall, and medium in FuD. I want them to put much more effort in realism for the species."
But the SUV that caused this is still there though. I hope the guy with the camera stuck around to give the license plate number of the idiot who impatiently caused this to the police.
"Santa maria! Wow. Just wow. 2-1 me (away) in the bottom of the 9th with 2 outs, 2 strikes, guy on first. Opponent pops it up in deep outfield for an easy final game winning out. Ran directly under where the ball was gonna land in time and he braces for the catch in a still, confident manner. He reaches up with his glove and other hand for a guaranteed catch. Nope. He botches it instead. Ties it with a runner now on second. Next hit is a ground rule double for the walk off. Are. You. Fucking. Kidding. Me."
So install silencer O rings to stop the noise when they bottom out. My college freshman roommate could sleep through me rattling away on my mx blues through the night writing code. This is after i asked him if he was ok with it like 5 times. I still dont know how he did it. Theyre heaven to type on but theyre damn loud.
Kentrell Brothers not making all American would be a crime. All-Americans to this point so far?
as a Democrat this is the saddest and weirdest end to an election I can imagine praying to god for romney right now
"Not if he goes to a meme show, and just uses the loopholes there. Sorry but do you have you memeing license. You cant trade memes without a license!"
"no surprises here, business as usual. MPs to escape expenses investigations after paperwork destroyed by Parliament - Telegraph"
"Achievement Unlocked: When all you have is a hammer... ""Use of materials at hand - ten points"""
"After having my AC units shelved for the last 8 months testing version after version that was supposed to address the Radius issue, I unfortunately do not have much faith. I have not used Zero Handoff with AC since I only have one of those models. I do put a lot of faith into the ubnt team into figuring it out though."
Eh Chupacabra Somebody Is Carving Select Cuts from Canadian Cows &amp; Leaving Their Corpses in the Field
Wow that lasted a long time. The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned
"Wasted youth. Your Reddit username is now a High School clique, what type of kids are in it? ...and what do they do."
"Villareal and Jamieson IV might be getting more minutes this year is Zardes doesnt step it up, Bruce isn't playing favorites, hes looking to win. After trading out of the MLS SuperDraft, LA's VP of Soccer Operations Pete Vagenas lauds the strength of LA's academy."
Hit the fire button now in case you want to vape in an hour. Messed up my math so I ended up with my first twisted quad coil
"Top/vers Are you a top, bottom, or versatile?"
"At buffets, I just take extra rounds. The worst is at a buffet when people pile food on top of other foods. I get the meat and potatos thing but you CANT let everything touch. I saw someone put an apple pie slice on top of a pizza slice at Tuckers Market Place once. WHY CANT YOU JUST GET ANOTHER PLATE?!?!?!"
"Well that's Diamond for you. Ehh, I'm not sure what I'm looking at... the enemy screwed up mostly and the cait was positioned pretty badly quite often."
"It's 5 AM here, can't really find a raid now, and I had time for it at this moment so... But yeah, later on today I'll update it. Showing it in an actual raid would be helpful..."
World of Warcraft.... Since 2004... What video game did you waste the most time on
"Not a lot of random gun violence there, which is more in line with what she said and not this nonsense Breitbart headline. How is that working out in Belgium, Germany, and France these days?"
"Emulation isn't necessarily piracy, though most people that use emulators are pirating This whole thread is about piracy in case you didn't notice."
"Nothing to do with being safe, unless of course, you like to breath air. Indeed. What I find hilarious about this whole VW debacle is that unlike other car industry fuck-ups, this has nothing to do with the cars being unsafe, cutting corners or shoddy engineering. Everything is functioning exactly how it was designed to function. It's the design itself that is illegal. This is very German way to fuck up. I mean, they invented a whole new technology solely to cheat at emissions tests. It's inside every affected car and functioning exactly as intended, which is being active only during testing and doing nothing otherwise. That's bloody impressive!"
"Trust this guy Jebus christ de loard if u por. And she doesn't ATLEST Gibs you a blowie joey. You got raped. You got economonically raped son. Gib her a txt saying. ""Ay yo bitch you still owe me a blowjob 4 te food."" and be a real alpha dominant male. Show her u cant be toyed with. I do this and get blowjobs everyday. I go to McDonalds and wait for hot single girls to order food. And when they do i pay for it. Then i tell them they must pay with sex. Now i am rich with sex. Trust me."
"Quote the Quran where it commands you to kill innocent people Study their religion and you will see. I have learned that all the ""This is the most peaceful religion"" is complete shit. They are way more backwards than most famous religions."
"Well they both have boring and shitty combat, so it was a good comparison to make. I didn't like Borderlands at all. I found it to be an insipidly boring grind."
"""I mean, when it comes down to it, you have to put the blame on the leaders of this football team and Geno has got to do better."" That botched special teams play will be blamed on Geno postgame."
"I might have to rethink how I set my limits... Yep, never ever train alone, you never now."
"Do the Netherlands get violent storms on the same level of hurricanes, though? As a Dutchman, it is not a problem to build below sealevel. Sure it takes some effort to build dykes and you need to regulate the waterflow."
"Yeah, I call that video ""The Culling"" because of how many people I got to remove because of it! Has anyone posted a ""Sandy Hook was staged to take away our guns"" status yet? Because that one pissed me off."
"When fascists get power, they don't like to give it back. NC Gov. McCrory Signs Bill Stripping Incoming Dem Governor Of Some Powers"
"Just dug it up and the three that are approved for acne are Diane 35, Yaz, and Ortho Tri Cyclen. That's actually one of the reasons he prescribed it. Buuuuut no results on my face. I mean, the not pregnant stuff is great, but I'd just like clear skin, too."
I can't *not* laugh Looks like a infant white shrek. Should have thrown it off a cliff like in 300
How so very polite we have become. I keep making posts on this topic because I am in a very real way a subject matter expert in the area of riot control. Not a cop but an engineer. Understanding what motivates these police officers will help people to have a more successful protest. Or at least keep it from getting broken up. The cops are there to maintain order and keep traffic flowing. This is in direct conflict with the tactics these protesters are using since they seem to want to block traffic and sidewalks to keep people from the NY stock exchange. You might get away with a sit in or something but there's no way you're going to be allowed to block a street in manhattan for very long unless you're cooking something.
"Ah yeah, to OP, the chest doesn't count since I am using Bringer of Rain, I just put it on to hold my conc effect gem and to put MTX on. Probably I think he meant the fact that you're using a WoE 4L and got confused by your chest (since you're using BoR, just for leveling gems)... My guess at least."
"I don't know why people are talking about it being a great time to visit, rather a great time to invest your dollars in pounds, and buy dollars back later once the pound has rebounded. Yep, good time to by a flight to visit!"
"Will we have enough sharks to kill and skin? Hospitals of the future could be covered in shark skin ""While copper harbored 80 percent less MRSA -- antibiotic resistant bacteria -- than control surfaces, Sharklet showed reductions of as much as 94 percent."""
The hair and the overall posture and figure of the person. How can you tell?
The effect would be the same if they fired enough people so that they only needed to hire a few to make quota: a higher percentage of green police officers. Why did they have to hire more in order to get a larger percentage of women and nonwhites?
"For both examples a loop (or nested loops) seems to make more sense to me. What about a tetris game? Would recursion be better for clearing and creating the tetrimos, or would the thread run too slow? Also, what about working with two dimensional arrays? Is there an elegant recursion solution for that or is the nested loop just easier?"
"Probably not very many places, considering it's a floor. Do you have *any idea* where that floor's been?"
"Oh my heart :( Decapre was in story mode (vs Cammy in Brazil). If you didn't like how she was there, you wouldn't like her at all."
"""We'll take it out, when you reign in NK"" China again warns against U.S. anti-missile system in South Korea"
"I stopped watching at the end of season one when it was apparent that the book ending wasn't happening. When the fucking fuck is that coming back, anyway? I want to know what happens to not-Psycho-Junior and the We-Should-Totally-Have-Died-In-Episode-1 Gang."
Perspective Hi Snoopy.
"Ryan's offense works when he has a good runningback. Literally had 6 years to build one with New York. He is trying to build the same thing he had at the jets, which was proven to not work, granted they did well in 09-10 and 10-11. He even brought in his same staff."
"Think of the cleanup job, arrggg so gross Found this Richmond ad browsing in r/wtf."
Super delegates and basicly other problems with the primary system. Republicans and Democrats of Reddit: Are there any portions of your party's normal platform that you disagree with?
"Open, she'll be in front of the station. sure thing :P"
Message the redditor directly rather than hauling the gossip and intrigue from some other sub into this one. I have a question for the Cynic. Am I not allowed to ask questions?
"Timing mistakes? Yeah the dark knight was insanely good. I didn't really know people didn't like the dark knight rises honestly. I love it, despite its many timing mistakes."
"Spaff! Every place of education in the UK, regardless of the age group, has to have a PREVENT strategy. No idea what it stands for, or if it doesn't stand for anything then why it is always capitalised, but PREVENT requires schools and teachers to counter growing domestic terrorism and hate speech in their school. Anything that is remotely unusual is reported, ranging from offensive jokes, preaching on the streets that the white infidels will face God's wrath, to little Bob calling himself Bashir and hanging around with a grown man who tells him the importance of nationalism in Islam."
You look amazing! F/27/NY (280-180= 100lbs lost since 2012)
wtf is going on here? He has a ki-tee (like a goatee)
"Post less. Yes, profit is a purely evil idea"
MIKE JONES! We exist and have for a while now. We even made it to a Super Bowl once.
"1 3 1 2 Redditors,what's the stupidest thing you've said to a police officer?"
[citation needed] Texas as a country would be much more dangerous than Texas as a state that follows US law.
*Two fur Two fer
"Better find Jesse and get to cookin', Dry. Shavedbear"
Looks like she ripped it off her mattress and just turned herself into a blanket burrito I think that's a bedspread.
stardew thanks me irl
Degrees are more representative of how much money your parents make than anything else. IF they have better degrees / qualifications than you then I don't see how its not fair.
Or on Nuuvem for $5.31. Or get the legendary editon on Steam for 10$. No brainer.
"It's a dirty job, but someones gatta do it. Taxi cabs = OMG"
"Oh i know we had chickens when i was younger before we moved to town and had to get rid of them but now my aunt has them i get fresh eggs from her, she shoves like 3 cartons at me some weeks its like o.o i'm making a lot of egg stuff this week I only feel old because i feel like i haven't done anything with my life yet, but I hope to change that soon. Chickens are the best! I would definitely recommend to gettimg some if you ever have the opportunity. Nothing beats having fresh eggs, well maybe having a cat would."
"as someone who is generally hot natured naturally that is perfectly fine :p Fine, but I'm turning it down to like 65 :P"
"Someone was listening to NPR today! They can fly nonstop for 56 days at a time without resting, can soar 2.5 miles up into the air, and can glide over 400 miles per day -- the fascinating flight patterns of Great Frigate seabirds are described for the first time in a new study in the journal Science."
Gorilla mindset....? Because of the color of his skin I don't care about a kid being eaten by an alligator
I am not knowledgeable enough to answer this. 120vac is the rms value of DC equivalent to 120vdc. Why not use 120dc?
"Nice side step. Go to a Whabi mosque and demand they marry you and your same sex partner, tell them you demand respect. Go get a life insurance policy first."
"I think we both can agree that battery technology has a long way to go. The point of a warranty is that it covers the company's screwups, and having the customer pay for shipping is a bit annoying- what's VERY annoying is some customers reporting that they had to pair for repairs themselves because the battery can be considered 'not covered by warranty.' That's... Scummy. As for people buying $600+ phones with shit batteries, that's a pretty huge and stupid mistake. A $600+ phone should actually be really good. I'm not going to go off on how advertisement culture convinces idiots to buy the flagship phone every year even though this years' flagships had a TON of problems which made them noticeably worse than the ""second-best"" phones in several ways... But whatever. The phone market is cancer and I really hope that the vape market never resembles it in any way. For your purposes, I can see how it'd be easy to look past the Crafty's flaws. I'm similar to you in most of those ways, and I currently don't even use a portable. However, I'll probably want a butane portable when I get one. I just want something to take on hiking trips and stuff other than blunts, which I'm really not fond of. Anyway, it's not like I think the Crafty is garbage and that nobody should buy it. It's just that the flaws are underlooked and people dickride Storz &amp; Bickel WAY too much. It's even common to have threads that ask, ""What's the best vape""? instantly answered with ""Crafty!"""
Giuliani: I would have to be a moron Couldn't agree more Giuliani: 'I would have to be a moron' to say some cities won't rig election
"And where is Python 3 going ? I don't know how much of the features of Python 3 have been back ported to 2.7. But the general consensus is that new programmers should start with 3. It incorporates a lot of lessons learned from Python 2.X branch.. So unless you don't have a specific reason to learn 2.7 (like say, if you want to learn Python to work in Mercurial), go with Python 3..."
Thanks! Congrats! It's such a great feeling the first time you make it. Good luck in future SAs too!
"It's enough to feed you for a day while your parents worry. In what world is $20 enough to run away with? In an accute situation, sure, but since they are planning ahead anyway.."
not when the community outrage is on this scale remember cs:go wild west? I have to contradict your very last paragraph. It is very Valve-like to do exactly such a thing.
"This happened to me too but I squeeze medium out of my potato and get average frames, pretty bad for GF though, I miss my PC :( I used to play on high quality, then pc died. Now i play ulq on a potato. But soon ill finaly have my good pc back"
"Because the cooler you can get a CCD, the less noise you get, and this goes double for a small CCD Why did you put it in the freezer?"
Standard or PPR? Long Time Lurker.. First time WDIS SIMMS VS Los Angeles RIDDICK VS Green Bay TYRELL WILLIAMS VS Indiana SANU VS New Orleans Pick 2 Please. Appreciate fellas and lads.
Indeed... Isn't capitalism great? We have imaginary free markets.
It's not creepy if she is still warm! Creepy dude. Creepy
"I'm working on a pretty tight budget here, my most expensive player ever has been Marco Reus Buy iMOTM Jones, great longshots, great defending, an all around beast for discard price"
"THERE ARE HITS, AND THEN THERE ARE HITS. You know you can just turn the announcers off right? The game is so much better without them."
If there's a god this will happen. Here's to hoping reynad loses to rag RNG.
"Naw, they'll just remove it 14 hours before the patch goes live. so i guess new patch is comin in 16-17 days and we ain't tested final Barber yet... should we be worried?"
"I meant incase it starts looping haha I wasn't worried about it, it all in the wrist!!! But the gixxer I never had to force it up, she would just do it."
You get no benefit do you 4/3 is normal stats for 3 drops Face? Face.
"Bitcoin is not fiat. Physical money that's printed. The value of said physical money is fiat. Now I'm wondering if Bitcoin is fiat. The unlocked boxes could be considered a tangible entity like gold, but then we're classifying digital data as a resource. So to me, Bitcoin is also fiat currency. Where there is nothing tangible to back up the value."
Depression in a nutshell A strange game. The only way to win is not to play.
"Don't worry DK, I'll snag him for us a couple times this season. Would love to have CavGuest casting our games too!"
"Thanks for the clarification, do you happen to know what causes the difference between your results and Kukui's? Hey, Thanks for picking that up. Sometimes I forget to check the descriptions after I update the formulas. It's got a 2 second pause between attacks now, the 50% reduced damage was before we had any idea of how the mechanics worked, we just knew it was less damage."
"Isn't it true that there was a huge outcry about redefining beer as alcoholic, rather than ""food""? As a dirty commie I can correct this, we aren't ""sleeping"" to fool the US or the Patriots, we just discovered a way of mass producing Vodka 3x as fast, and are all in a state of being permenantly shitefaced."
"My warning still stands. To be fair, I'm replying to the same embassy article every time. If it's worth posting again, it's worth responding to again."
Actually you know what point taken. Can Scott actually model a real life human in the game? Probably not. I see it as Scott trying to show us the BV's family
Please Clabo come to Dallas...please. Get ready for the greatness of Jeremy Parnell!!!
Let's take a moment to think about just how good a match between Luke Harper &amp; Randy Orton is going to be. Post TLC 2016 Match Discussion: WWE Smackdown Tag Team Championship Match - Randy Orton &amp; Bray Wyatt Vs. Heath Slater &amp; Rhyno (c) Randy Orton &amp; Bray Wyatt win after Orton hits the RKO on Rhyno. NEW CHAMPS!
"Looks like one hand and one foot. So, am I imagining that foot in the picture?"
"My bad, I have to downvote myself :( It's been out for months, perhaps you're thinking of the Nexus 7."
"I feel it really shows that we have zero confidence in Oviedo. As a senior team player, you need to earn your place. If he can't handle it, then he shouldn't be playing. He definitely shouldn't be playing right back."
what happened to the upvote balloons? Evening Roundtable - 8/25 You can use this thread to discuss whatever is on your mind or share news articles or off topic things that would otherwise not be posted to the sub.
"Not sure, but nice catch either way Any explicit connection between the names of the DJD and the ""First 5 Cities to Fall""? From MTMTE #4"
HE SAID NOBODY UNDERSTAND HOW MEMES WORK ANY LONGER. What?
Amazing they still think bernie is a 'political revolution'. From Bernie Sanders Supporters donations!
This is starting to become Starcraft. Don't forget NA is pretty much 60% EU atm
#D A N K #A #N #K I Was Wondering What She Was Watching.
"If you win I'll definitely look into it though! Ah ok, no worries then."
I see you watched the first episode. Nothing gets my motor running like watching a sister-banging rich dude pushing innocent children out of windows. Mmmm...
"that'd be super embarrassing :( I HOPE TOM BRADY TAKES A PISS BEFORE THE GAME, BUT IT ALL DOESN'T COME OUT BECAUSE HE DIDN'T SHAKE HIS DICK WELL ENOUGH, AND THEN WHEN HE GOES TO PUT HIS WIENER BACK INTO HIS COMPRESSION PANTS HE GETS DRIBBLES OF URINE ALL DOWN HIS LEG."
"You should send out your resume now. I passed MFE WOOOOOOOOOO Hey everyone, I just want to vent!!! That makes 3 for 3 without fail, but then again i studied so much. One more and I can confidently send out my resume... Good luck to everyone else taking it this week!!!"
Every fanbase has a few of those Fuck them all.
Alone In The Dark Describe Your Sex Life With A Movie Title
I don't gotta do anything. You've got to admire Alliance
"Would've loved it if the RBB unfurled the last Tifo of the season displaying something to that effect Well played, Wanderers. Throwing the final to spite that vindictive cunt. Well played."
It's got what it takes... so tell me why can't this be love? Gwynerear mate.
Ricotta cheese has good macros. It's the keto diet. I wanted something that was high in protein since I'm going to start lifting again so I opted for that. If there's alternatives to avocado I'm all ears.
"It's not probably true, it absolutely is true. That's probably true but Korea was sending adoptees overseas as recently as ten years ago. They are shitty people to be dumping their children in another nation. These kids lose their culture and have all kinds of problems like this car thief."
Now we need to get rid of him and direct the funds elsewhere. I can't really argue with you there except that I don't think it's because of the player's talent level. We didn't buy a bad player but I think Kenny and Brendan both handled him terribly.
*A* hate sub has been banned. The hate sub has been banned!
"""See that's the kind of play where you're not on the same page defensively"" I saw as a ""get out of the way of the freight train coming down the paint known as Rodney Hood"" Rodney absolutely jams it home"
*Maybe* TM revolution or Fear and loathing in las vegas. Suggest me something similar to Crossfaith need moooore
"Actually, most admit it ironically due to Dave's love of irony. Homestucks generally admit their fandom is pretty shitty though. They're at least slightly aware."
"Foster, Forte, and then BB Jedi mind tricks Calvin into unretiring to get a ring! Why not both? Seriously, either of those guys *and* Dion Lewis? That'd be unreal."
27 with hardline m8 you weren't completely wrong Well shit. Thought it was 27. I'm gonna go back to looking dumb now
Was it made as a vector? Tried to PM mods but don't know usernames. Here's a High Res Shreddit icon I made if you'd like to use it.
"According to my calculations, if you had a flux capacitor installed you could travel back to the future. Friend's car got hit by lightning."
That's a nice way to say it. Pentagon buries evidence of $125 billion in bureaucratic waste
I would gladly get myself sent to jail after hearing that. Oh my fucking goodness I would be in jail after hearing that
"200% homo, 10/10 would bang your hair. Yeah man, it's pretty sexy, no homo."
"You know you are on to something, or doing something correct when religions start calling for your head. Go Southpark!"
"How many times this year alone will I have to delete my Facebook account in protest? I will delete my Facebook account on July 4th, 2012 if Zuckerberg does not withdraw his support of CISPA. Who's with me?"
Ninth time's a charm 8th?
"The heck does all this have to do with the subject of the thread? OPP pulled me over once, I was stationed in Canada at my last base. Was on my motorcycle at 3am and he just wanted to warn me about deer/moose crossing the highway at night. Wasnt till he was saying his goodbye that he mentioned my speed. I loved that part about Canada, you very rarely see a police officer looking to give a speeding ticket, when I would cross the border into the US I'd see more in a day than I saw in my whole 4 years at Canada."
Yepp nice. lowered on stock bolts?
So far i have really quite enjoyed the content they have put out (Particularly the Late Night Big Breakfast; and Like Mike) Maybe. I remember several people having issues when the site launched.
Who is that supposed to be between Hulk and Loki? Pretty Funny
Because there's a point to being proud of your language and using it well. Why are redditors so anal about grammar and spelling mistakes?
what about that sam guy.. lol dont even know his name Greg Oden: 'I'll be remembered as the biggest bust in NBA history'
"Not sure, should I add a disclaimer? Is this one of those terrism comments that people should be worried about writing?"
"Palo Alto's Rinconada pool is great for toddlers. Swimming Pool with open hours? Hey Guys, I'm looking for a swimming pool with open swim hours that is good for toddlers (3yo). Does anyone have any recommendations?"
"""Fuck spez"" Lol, the_Donald mods are so edgy! The_Donald is going batshit crazy that they can't use all of their alt accounts to upvote their shitposts."
"no, but i learned something other than stacking pens and paper so i dont have to clean up shit, since i was most certainly more skilled than those pen and paper stackers, i would not have lowered myself to clean up someone elses shit lol. My point was more get off your high horse because you are not better then the people who stack pens and paper."
Unfortunately no country on earth has weaponized space yet so we won't be seeing that any time soon :c I've always been a fan of orbital bombardment... rods from the gods.
"Apparently it all happened in less than 2 minutes, there was a police van on the scene and some other officers were just arriving, so there was not enough time for an elite squad to be deployed. How long did this situation develop? Was there time to get a specialized SWAT team there, or just a group of local cops in the area?"
"Well, not anymore asshole! July 5th and January 1st are great days"
Seriously James Harden stay away! The anti perks of dealing with the Kardashians
"When i make the sauce, then hell yeah! do u enjoy spaghetti"
"Don't forget about DEQ Out-of-state license plates expiring in January. Drivers license expiring in March. I feel like an idiot since I don't know anything about the DMV or what is expected of me now that I live here. So my out of state license plates are expiring, do I just need to register my vehicle with the DMV -- what is this process like? Also, my drivers license is expiring in March, should I just take the test now as well?"
"This is like Obama supporting a Kim Kardashian presidency. My headcanon is that the Slytherin had been abusing the system for years by docking points of other houses for petty shit, and this was the year that Dumbledore was like ""fuck you, I can abuse the system harder than you."""
"At least Manaan was pretty, and Goto's ship was terrible, my last playthrough (probably around number 30) I still got lost on his ship... Goto's ship was pretty boring the first time, but that's probably because I kept on running around the vessel not realizing where I had to go to activate the cutscene that rescued the Exile. Running around Manaan to go from one side of the city to the other without Force Speed is pretty damn boring though. The subplots are interesting, but having to go from the hotel to the judge's area and such is so damn tedious."
Mostly Boos I missed the beginning of the game. What kind of reception did Love get?
"Don't use DX12 on nvidia hardware DX12 Crash? Everytime I try and play the game with DX12 i get a crash within 5 mins of a match, everytime. Its the same crash too, saying something about GPU_HANG and me not having a GPU with 1024mb of vram. CPU: i7_4790k GPU:MSI 960GTX 2gb"
"If you were the President and First Lady, you might Idk man - would you go to that co-worker's wedding?"
DAMNIT OP MARK YOUR NSFW GIFS I did this for you
"Depending on where OP lives, that would show the neighbors how rugged he is in January. Be a boss and do it in some grass outside."
I am a democracy now And you are still a dictatorship Are you serious right now.... Of all the nations to say this to me....
"Well he was found guilty, how much worse could the PBA lawyers be? The Union did back him, he chose to get his own lawyers. Granted the ones he hired were probably better than PBA lawyers."
r/russiangirls Natali Nemtchinova
"I think it's because in very large threads, finding your place *within* the thread is difficult I don't understand, i see people saying this all the time, but theres a save button, isn't there? There is for me.... And not that RES thing, just on a normal browser and everything."
"I will, just not on the 13th of May BRING IT!"
"Aww :( I like it and I'm almost 100% certain this animal is less likely to bite you than Trump's ""hair"" That's a funny spelling for creepy! :P"
"Let's not get too outlandish, now. Educate myself without a life in debt."
"The Virgin Mary, before she was pregnant. You can have sex with one real person from all of human history - who is your ultimate lay?"
"I hope you replied with this. First of all, he's not a service dog, he's a service dog in training. Second, taking a picture of an empty wheelchair and a person in a wheelchair are two different things, just like taking a picture of a service OR police dog-in-training is different from taking a picture of a disabled person using a service dog. Third, the person holding him was his trainer, not a user, and isn't in the picture anyway. Fourth, I wouldn't consider a dog medical equipment any more than I'd consider a nurse medical equipment. Fifth, since when is it offensive to take a picture of medical equipment anyway. UGHHHHH sorry I had to get that out."
"We've already got two right ring parties... Would a second national right wing party be benificial to Canadian politics? Competition is good, and thus wouldn't it be the same for politicial parties? Right now, the Conservative party lacks any real competition for right wing voters, and thus right wing voters do not benifit from competition. This lack of competition leads to less desirable actions and voters being ""trapped"" if they are right wing supporters."
"For conservatives* Fear is the greatest political motivator, so ... No."
O No Go Buckeyes! O H!
Crumbs Reddit: what is the male equivalent to the female's bobbypin? What small things does your guy leave Everywhere?
The official car of Tonka-Toy door handles and drug cubbies in the dash. Some of you couldn't handle my Datsun. So here is an easier target. Roast my 2004 350z.
A monitor silly What is this on?
Al Gore Who?
"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh, that sounds great - I really wanted to know if they appeared in any other DC stuff, plus I still don't get how Death of the Endless ties into Nekron and Black Racer and stuff. You should read Sandman Overture. Also, Death shows up in The Black Ring story, which is very good, and Dream shows up in some Green Arrow stuff."
You can draw cats and you can draw them beautifully! I drew peaches ;-; sorry I can't draw cats
"Love that movie. ...There's only one Return, okay, and it ain't of the King, it's of the Jedi."
rip Mine only goes up to 70hz. So smooth lol. But I barely use it like that anyway since it's only an increase of 10hz...and I barely play most of my games at higher than 60fps.
Circlejerk post. What is your favorite MMO and why is it GW2?
"The woman has no claims, she remembers nothing. How is it that you're going to question the womans claims but not the mans?"
"Ah yes, the rock where we raped the savages of this country. but I have seen Plymouth fucking rock"
"Frankly almost all comics that are big enough to be getting a movie deal are going to be ancient, and just because characters were written a certain way 10, 20 or 50 years ago doesn't mean that they shouldn't be updated to suit what is both necessary, missing and good for a modern audience and storyline. She was also the furthest from her comic incarnation, which kinda bothered me, though I realize it doesn't really have to be that close in the movies. Well, second furthest. First is Ronan, who's a pretty cool dude."
"Solo Mord can actually use his w now I'd agree, but they didn't buff solo, as I say, its even worse than it is on live. Morde can jungle really easily though, although it'd take a weird comp to pull off right, but then that's true with ADC Morde too."
"As opposed to the Arab talks of genocide and talking trees? Your quote says nothing about rockets, it talks about an intifada. those people are under occupation by a brutal regime with a litany of human rights violations to its name. An occupying force that offers no political solution. An occupying force where talk about ethnic cleansing and annexation of their land is normal political discourse. Its natural to resist that."
Nah it stands for Lower Alabama No it stands for Louisiana.
"Which then begs the question of whether APY kids are taught home ec or not and if they're not, how they're getting around that provision in the APY lands (because I'm pretty sure baking bread would be one of the basics) Not in the community shops I saw on the APY Lands in SA. Not sure if that was policy or common sense."
And now you can't stop memeing Neutral Milk Hotel. The hype on /mu/ convinced me for many years that it would be nothing but hipster bullshit.
And neither did these guys... Mormons don't beat the shit out of people. Usually.
For $500 I'd rather go with a sure-thing. If it's got a decent movement you might as well give it a try
Man I'm glad GPU's look like they do today Linus unboxes a Duke Nukem Edition 560 fully dressed up
"Not to kill your vibe stud, but I'd reckon this is a post more suited for dirty r4r. 21 Online - Looking for MILF/Mom/Aunt I'm looking for a milf, or a female who could play a Milf/Mom or Aunt. And By that I mean a woman over the age of 30, who's a mother and preferably married and feels like cheating. I find older women so irresitable, I dont mind younger ones and ones my age but prefer older ones. I also find cheating married woman so fucking hot! So if hubby isn't doing it for you, maybe he's too vanilla, too small, well whatever the reason message me. My kinks are anal, oral, rough sex, public, pregnancy My limits - gore, scat, pee, blood and all that So if youre interested message me with a little about yourself and your kik(if you have kik)"
So... when are we legalizing polygamy? Louisiana won't recognize gay marriage despite Supreme Court ruling
If you have a decisive army lead a single Pylon shouldn't really matter. I Once Lost a Game Accidentally Attacking a Pylon... Back in WoL when I was in Silver I had what looked like a sure win but accidentally attacked a pylon instead of attack moving the ground and killing the army. I just realized how it's kindof amusing that that's now what you need to to do win. :P
That kid needs to learn how to punch an adult in the cooter/balls Mother Spits In Kids Face
"klaatu, baratta.... *cough*necktie. Klaatu barada nikto"
they bang each other When a mummy and daddy love each other very much...
"I have a pair of sweatpants from target that work and I'm similar to his size (though my waist is larger), I think it's their store brand and XL, I'll check on that later for you. Looking for sweatpants to fit a tall boyfriend! His waist is 32-34 and he said pants that are 36 work, but he really needs them a little longer, but 38 is too long. He's 6 foot 5 inches if that helps. I'm looking for a place online where I can buy them with free returns if possible! Thanks!"
"aye, some looting and pillaging reflexes might have stuck with me Once a YAAR always a YAAR mate :D. (cept Kublai, he is fired)"
"Well sure, but not bad enough to last until 1992... Same flavor? So what you're trying to tell us is you did some really bad drugs in the 80s?"
"If this is the height of -phobia (a ""debacle,"" no less) that you experience you are a truly privileged person indeed. Self-obsessed woman has a breakdown over her appearance before going to work, then gets upset when a working-class woman and three children won't play her gender games"
"""try saving"" - I think you mean ALWAYS save as .png Looks pretty sharp to me. You could try saving it as a PNG so no quality is lost."
There are key binds specifically for launching heat sinks and deploying SCBs How do you launch heat sinks and SCBs without switching fire groups?
hothothothothothothothothothothothothothothothothtoht hot. Sums up this sub.
"I imagine they are small marks and if you weren't looking for them wouldn't see them. Yeah, I don't think I have ever noticed any chalk marks."
GWG: OEL B1: Downie B2: Perron B3: Hornqvist B4: Sure GWG Challenge - Coyotes at Penguins Filling in for Bert. GWG: Who will score the Coyotes GWG? B1: Who will take the first penalty? (Either team) B2: Who will score first for the Pens? B3: Who will score the GWG for the Pens? B4: Was Bert still asleep while I was making this for him?
"The scary thing is they only need to succeed once while we need to win every time... :| I'm frustrated that it seems like everyone is out of steam from trying to fight YET ANOTHER anti-privacy bill... They're pushing so much through, we're starting to sound like a broken record, and I worry that people are becoming numb to the message or exhausted from fighting."
"Vera Wang Embrace rose buds and vanilla. Do you have an everyday go-to scent? I know we perfume enthusiasts love having lots of scents and love choosing which to wear. I confess to sometimes wearing 3 different scents in a day - not at once of course. However, lately I've been toying with the idea of having an everyday scent. Something inoffensive, cheap and pleasant and easy to find. Perfume is expensive where I come from, and I'd like to conserve my stash for the years to come. Surely, I must not be the only one with this idea? Do you have one? Share your thoughts."
"You know, I love the stilts - but the carnival gig is more conpetitive than you might think! Now you just need a job that will overlook the stilts. Have you perhaps tried to work at a carnival?"
oh god what if it is a girl wtf im freaking out Gosu is finally going to turn on his microphone. Let's find out whether he is male or a grill!
"Why does he have eyelashes? ""Fixed"" Ennard"
I'VE BEEN WAITING SO LONG FOR THIS The Last of Us Part II Announced!
Well what is it? IIRC. I always thought it had something to do with IRC's.
Ta 400 NOW! Beast is here. TU-4 for USSR. 10X23 mm
Same could have been said for all heroes at release. Shower thought: Someone will be the first person to reach L20 as Dehaka and they probably won't know they are.
Some of em do. You think women love to suck people's dicks in glory holes?
"Wife died + 3 days - 10 years. What happened 10 years ago, that doesn't seem like 10 years ago?"
Lol I'm about to throw the shit at your house
"It's pretty easy but the initial investment can be pretty big. Even better: make your own. So rewarding, so fun, and usually per batch it works out cheaper in terms of ingredients. The startup cost is a bit steep, but for a hobby that you and your family and friends can enjoy for the rest of your life I consider it money well spent."
Is it possible to preload on PS4? Installing 2k16? Are there any tricks to make it download faster or should I just start the download and then go do something else?
bitch I know several people with bipolar and this is clearly a manic episode be careful with the online diagnosing
"I dunno, he could be from the future and put that there so when he DOES get gold he doesn't have to bother. OP copyies comment about parking, doesn't read it first"
Not really a hack when its intended.. they even said it was an easter egg Eevee Name Hack Confirmed to be Valid
Harden or Lillard Who's the most clutch player in the NBA? My pick would probably be Damian Lillard. That dude never seems to miss at the end of games when it matters. Who else would you consider to be up there?
Or my shitty 60GB monthly cap :/ No reason except for my 240gb SSD :(
Step 14: turn the water one degree hotter! Step 13: Find the girl and haunt her in the shower.
"Yes, that would be fine. If I don't have a partner, can I just get someone to tie me up and film it? Also, that was highly impressive"
"But remember, there is NO inflation going on. UC regents committee approves student fee increases by more than $2,500, or 32%, in two steps by fall 2010. At least 14 protesters arrested at meeting at UCLA"
a chair museum? hes gonna be a cop right? wat r the odds he'll be assigned to a museum
"Ain't like eu got trashtalk since the begining of the s5 until MSI, oh wait Lol these comments. Im all for thrash talk but you guys better not cry next time eu loses to na and all the na kids make fun of you."
"Nah we just get the landlord divorced so his cool wife will allow the tenants to have dogs. Seriously, I'd move."
At least as far back as the 1930s it has been. Living here for 15 years makes that difficult to believe
"Nice try, Satan! Satan has planned you a personalised first day in hell. What does it consist of?"
"Because that site totally isn't just a reskin of OzGameShop... Yo that's my package hahah. I ordered something from NZGameshop and put that because a website tailored to NZ should have ""Region"" listed instead of ""State"" and also because I was hella tired and didn't care."
I'd rather buy it from a regulated source. CBD is legal everywhere. You can buy it on amazon.
"Girl is from Pakistan, talks about Arab world, cycles in Germany. Women in the Arab world struggle to feel free enough to travel alone. I am a 25-year-old girl from Pakistan, and I cycled from Muenster to Aachen, Germany to prove to every female around the world that there is no one stopping them from achieving their dreams."
I assume this was in reaction to the leak? Reminding people that the internet is open and that precautions should be used = victim blaming.
Cause I don't really got shit else so that shit helps when there's extra players over When I have a shitty day I just put them on
"please be finger's boat, please be finger's boat.. please.. [yes I know it has already been identified] Black smoke over the river!? Anyone know the scoop?"
Those legs took forever to load. Shoe shopping with the little bestie. Still a difference haha.
"If they're actually held accountable, yes? And you guys really think private security forces will be any better?"
"Check if power management mode in nvidia control panel is set to ""prefer maximum performance"", and change it to optimal or adaptive. Gtx 1070 getting hotter and hotter on idle"
Well...they aren't wrong... Anybody got any MASTER PROTIPS?
"This doesn't look anything like a black lives matter rally though, just a bunch of violent individuals. Tell me again how BLM isn't anything like the KKK?"
He get A. The teacher got a D. Was it good? And did you or did you not get an A for the class?
"The cloths stay in my glasses case, which i keep in my purse if i am wearing glasses that day. For people who wear glasses: You know how practically everyone has a hard time not losing bobby pins? Well, do YOU tend to misplace those microfiber cloth wipers for your eyeglass lenses? I bought a 6-pack and I already lost one of them. I'm still looking for it. Goddamn."
"If you think a web developer could get away with that, then you're being paranoid. I'm getting a bit wary of all these sites that say 'just give us your date of birth!', 'just give us your name! And we'll tell you all this cool info!' I'm pretty sure there's one organisation behind it all hoarding all these little bits of data into one database. Either that or I'm paranoid"
I used a Ford Focus RS What car and setup did you win the Components Race with against that 1 million horsepower 180SX Amy built?
There's plenty of gay porn on the internet. Can I watch you guys?
I'm ready for little more Pancho's Mexican Buffet! This restaurant has a sign to let the waiter know if you need help
81 Snoop Dog's favorite dragon
"Technically whichever has more alcohol in it should, because alcohol is a diuretic. That's a 50/50 situation for me there. I think it depends on what beer I'm drinking (I don't like hard liquor). I haven't figured out which one makes me pee more often though."
"""He's absolutely right."" You are right Derek"
Y. Pliss to eli15 Call me whatever you want but you need to set your goals high.
it is like a wave it is ebbs and flows i accepted it as a part of me Did some of you actually beat depression?
Maybe she was actually going through a nazi phase? I've a friend who shaved her head during her Buddhist phase...
With extra mystery meat. My store bought cookie had an ingredient called 'Improver'
"I would say I see some form of a pre-fight (yelling, arguing) or fight every time I accidentally walk down Clark street on a weekend night. Issues in specific bars (near Wrigley)? I had one last weekend where a completely random guy came up and just basically told me he'd kick my ass. This was completely out of the blue. I just said okay man, or something along those lines and shook his hand, and then tried to turn back to the table I was at. Well, drunk guy (I had a few admittedly as well) was still holding onto me (my hand and I think my arm), so...well...naturally things went downhill from there. People were pretty quick to get the situation outside, and I really appreciate the job the bouncers did to get that taken care of. Naturally, before reacting, I didn't think initially to motion for the bouncers, and so I feel guilty for that. I guess I'm just wondering how often this happens? I mean we were in Wrigleyville and I understand that there is a...special...contingency in that area hen it comes to the bars in many places, but I was visiting a couple years ago (although I'm actually FROM Chicago, and still love it) and nothing like this ever happened. We literally went to the same bar. I'm trying to keep the name out of it, because it's a great place, and I have always enjoyed it."
92.5 and Damnit Maurie was interviewing from Pride right at the end of the BLM demonstration Which show was this on?
4Tastic4uious 4-tastic 4furious
need before pic for comparison I lost 30 lbs and my boobs shrunk :( Am I still pretty?
A total badass. vs. Etrigan
"And btw I can't wait the final after even thread to just make sure that we did understand how proud you are You're getting downvoted because 'le ebin circlejerk amirite guyz?' without considering all the factors. Yeah Swedish, French, Polish and American teams wouldn't get such excitement but you guys are up there quite literally every damn LAN there is. We never see our teams up there doing well or talked about, as far as I'm concerned your comparing apples to oranges. Is it really wrong of us to be proud of something so few of us acheive? Australian teams so rarely get a chance to go to these things, even rarer still for us to do somewhat well, so pardon us for being a little bit excited."
eliminating a 1% chance of millions of deaths isn't a good enough reason? You only save the people that are saved. If you sacrifice people without a reason you save no one.
"I wish apple TV would have an app to view it but alas nothing. Also, for college-aged fans, it's hard to justify 79.99 a month to get the package that includes MLS."
"Still offensive, 4/10. SIX WORDS, DISQUALIFIED"
Right here. Where will you be five hours from now?
I think it's all about setting yourself up for a niche market with tinder. It's looks kind of dirty and scary idk if this is a good tinder pic
"They can't for the same reason that the police couldn't guard the businesses to the degree that those, who were bashing them just a few days ago, wanted them to: massacres would result giving the media a goldmine as dead and wounded bodies laid in a collective pool of their own blood. National guard is not enough. They need to enact marshall law and crack down on this rioting and looting."
"They at least acknowledged that one, that was an example of ""scrub-on-scrub crime"" that was too good not to post. And some of them weren't stars. Olowokandi? Really?"
"It's a good thought, but these appear in areas without sewer lines - and we are almost exclusively above-ground with respect to other utilities. i'd expect its a vent for some sort of underground infrastructure, such as the sewer."
"I mean not that age really mattered before. The best part of The Last of Us Pt II...Ellie is 19 so we'll get a ton of new content! No more having to ""age her up"" to look legal. Now all those HQ 3d animations can be made of her new older character model. Just hope it doesn't take too long to get the models for animation."
Satan The Ancient Human Prince I on't know that acronym.
"They met in *Crimson Horror* first though. They did meet Clara in *Name*, but that is interesting."
"That's strange then, as there's now 2 more comments counted than are actually readable, not sure what's going on there Not that I can see. Mods can approve shadowbanned users."
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your crust? I won't make friends with someone if they don't eat their crust.
"So you've beaten.... Asylum demon Taurus demon Gargoyles Capra Demon Gaping dragon Stray demon Quelaag Sif Moonlight butterfly Iron golem Priscilla O&amp;S Gwyndolin 4kings Pinwheel Nito Ceaseless Demon Firesage Centipede demon Bed of chaos Seath Sanctuary Guardian Artorias Manus Kalameet Gwyn Wow there are a lot of bosses, 26 in fact... Good job! Just finished my first ever playthrough. Praise the sun! I realise I'm late to the party but Gwyn's finally down, and all bosses with him. I came here to testify that the entire experience was nothing short of awesome. I'm probably preaching to the choir here, but this game... This game really is one of a kind. I think it's literally been 13-14 years since I've wanted to replay a game immediately after finishing it, the last one in that list being Baldur's Gate 2. Not that I haven't played any good games inbetween, there were many. But none have further tickled my interest after the last hurdle was taken, leaving me with the impression that there is still so much to learn and try out. Sure, there was frustration (my bottleneck as a light armoured dex char turned out to be Four Kings; 14 attempts), but in the end there was always gratification. Also, I was well over halfway in my playthrough when I decided to check out this subreddit, and was surprised to find people making dice bags, t-shirts, wristbands, etc,... all Dark Souls inspired. For a game as unforgiving as this, with frankly brutal PvP at times, it's one of the kinder and interesting communities I've had the pleasure of visiting. Though a completely different and much smaller game, it kind of reminds me of Ultima Online in its glory days. I just wanted to share my enthusiasm for this game. If anyone who's looking for a challenge is still in doubt whether or not to buy this game; it's well worth the $20 investment. Praise the sun!"
"I looooved that they gave him a send off at least and it was pretty epic, especially for a web short. I was so excited to see him back again, I thought he was a great doctor and should've gotten more screen time :)"
Think of all the time he saves. *shudders* JUST TYPE THE DAMN WORD.
Text is hard to read but good effort Black Album (Fan art)
"Every teacher's dream. He told me some stories, but it's always kids on kids, and yeah, he pushes a button and they get taken out"
"Oh I get you, yeah I know I shoulda done the cut off point a bit higher I think but it was my first gif in this style. Just the fact that just his lower leg is moving (which I understand is the point of gifs like this) but realistically his thigh would be moving too along with the lighting and shadows."
Fuck borders Korean woman weeps upon learning she was not selected for the family reunion event between North and South Korea
Alice Lloyd is a classy lady Lol at send nudes under Alice Lloyd
Actually I'm more willing to roll the dice and shake shit up than accept more of the same. The devil you know is better than the devil you don't know.
Birds of a feather... That's the desired reaction. And it sells.
"I'd rather put all four tires in the bed of his truck. Yeah, the best response involves keying his truck....."
This makes less sense than your username. #Towellieebounty
"Not only open, but deliberately baited. Personally i count my garage as the house being that its one door away from where someone sleeps at home. But i will say that i would never leave the damn thing open."
"Well, I got it and I definitely have not purchased the new expansion pack for WoW... The new You are not prepared spray missing? So with the new update there is a new spray you get from purchasing wows next expansion, its not unlocked for me and i've pre purchased the xpac? is it not out yet? or has it bugged?"
0/10 not even close to being organic I have an idea for a spin off... A show about Oliver and the green arrow.
"The bad is magnified more than the good, for Uggla, by the fans Thats surprising but I can't disagree. Uggla get more hate than he deserves I think."
Why are you swimming around in what you perceive to be diarrhea? A breathe of fresh air in a sea of diarrhea. Thank you.
"There are no keys so subscribing to streamers wont help. Will there be an open Overwatch beta? Hi all, not a regular around here so sorry if this has been asked a million times before. I've just noticed that TB is streaming Overwatch again, and while I've been subscribed to try and get a beta key since announce, I've never been lucky enough. Is Blizz planning an open beta? Thanks :)"
"I was conceived on that date. TIL A Cambridge scientist has developed a computer program to calculate the most boring day since the beginning of the 20th century: April 11, 1954"
"Shame that he can't crawl, though..... Or from defeating Metroid. He's my favorite robot."
"Was Eastern Illinois where you would go for a QB? Yeah because IOWA is where you want to go for a QB. Ferentz hasn't produced a good one yet for all that ""pro-style"" stuff he runs."
does this look vaguely like springfield elementary to anyone else? Comic in the paper today
"Then the blame is on Hill and Giler, then, not Scott. I've skimmed the first draft, and yeah it's better. But at the end of the day it's a Ridley Scott film and Ridley Scott has final cut privilege. Broadly, since writers have usually been the butt monkey in Hollywood I think it's exciting that a writer has greater visibility and blame in the outcome of a movie. In this case I think it's funny that Lindelof end up getting the blame for the deficiencies in a movie directed by Ridley Scott. **Ridley Scott** Spaihts was contracted by Scott to write an Alien prequel. When he did that, It was felt it had too much Alien in it. Scott was more interested in the daft alien astronaut development of human civilisation concept. So they sent it To Lindelof whose own thematic preoccupations were more in line with what Scott was interested in. Lindelof is a brilliant TV writer and a giant movie hack. Scott brought him in and Lindelof wrote what Scott asked. If he added his own preoccupations either Scott agreed with them, or asked for something else that did. They worked together for months, five days a week, before Lindelof began his draft. That Lindelof could come into a movie directed by Scott and produced by Scott, Walter Hill and David Giler, and have his own ideas dominate the production is absurd. Lindelof is not that guy. Scott, Hill and Giler are not those guys. They treated Dan O'Bannon like shit on Alien. Hill and Giler put their own names ahead of Jim Cameron's on the Aliens screenplay. Alien 3 speaks for itself, and Joss Whedon was made miserable on Resurrection. I'd give you links but this is all from memory barring googling how to spell Spaihts. If you got links showing Lindelof dominated decisions in the editing room I'm all eyes."
"More important than it being impossible to disprove, for a religion or god to become popular, it only needs to make its followers feel special. Creator of the War Z says he will give refunds only to members of 9GAG"
"Playing Jesus' advocate here... The nature is good because God has it, and any cognitive dissonance you encounter (e.g., finding his character repulsive) is just a result of your sinful nature clouding your understanding of what morality really is. That's a common ""solution"" to the euthyphro dilemma, but it actually isn't a solution at all. Is God good because he has a certain nature, or is that nature good because God has it?"
How so? you need to go back to school ASAP
How so? Aren't tomatoes taxed and regulated?
dae stem? Looks like you're glad that what you're studying has finally shown to be almost relevant to something.
Well that was unexpected... Titan roster changes
You can shape them yourself ya know:p If only I didn't look like an idiot in flat brim hats
"me too its so weird, can i fix it, like get rid of them :) everyone has different amounts of nipple sensitivity too, I have no boobs but my nipples are definitely more sensitive than the surrounding tissue, also hurt like hell when i stretch my chest. Those are the top of your ribs."
"Looks like the best game since Stoked. For those of us who are gamers, this was just shown at E3 and I thought you guys might like this (Gameplay in comments)"
"I do care, that's why I'm not stupid enough to demand unachievable timelines. Labor's NBN policy promises 2 million upgraded connections, embraces 'Operation Clusterf***' cable option"
Wish the city would go back to normal after X amount of ingame days. The Empire in Flames
"2, 3, 1 Legs, Legs, Legs"
"And this is why most fantasy civilisations stagnate in the quasi-medieval stage. Yeah, but you fuck up most of civilization for the next 2000 years..."
The panel realized they needed someone that could be taken seriously. Holy shit when did Jim Cramer get here
"Unless it's Tom Petty, his live songs are well done! Even if I love the song, I'm still skipping it on Pandora if it's a live version with annoying screaming fans."
"So, you can't prove what you're saying? How could I possibly provide proof that I am certain Monsef will still be a citizen in two years? That's not how words work."
I believe many of them have won at mental gymnastics! But no Tumblrina has ever won a race
Yeeeeeee Said it before and I'll say it again. An E-40 x supreme collab would make my year
"Tits, or it didn't happen. Tony Stark Arc Reactor Costume, Iron Man"
Sully had too much jelly his foot couldn't take it At least Jelly is back now tho
"Likely? Yes. The cost to actually build the building: raw materials, labor, overhead, etc, is about 1.2 billion dollars. It will cost millions, possibly tens of millions of dollars per year to operate, in terms of energy usage, operations and maintenance, employee salaries, etc. This is likely 100% taxpayer funding."
"Is that policy to reduce trolling? Why create a throwaway for this? You realize we ban throwaways, right?"
and what about the grassy knoll? That shot is impossible! There definitely was a second shooter on top of the Forerunner tower. Just look at the way that hunter moved when you shot him.
"I think Ontario actually means Ontario, California. My first purchase from Ontario Knife Co. and I'm sufficiently impressed. As far as pocket folders go, this sucker is hefty. Sort of reminds me of a Spyderco Endura4. The grip is super comfortable, even for a guy with fairly big hands like me. The blade is full flat ground, looks great, and is holy shit sharp right out of the package. The pocket clip has three studs, which I love, can be positioned tip up or down, and can be set for righties or lefties. Ontario really covered all the bases with this knife. My only complaint is that it isn't flipper operated. Although as far as thumb-studs go, this one feels really solid. I'd recommend this knife any day. For $35, you get a good looking knife that's a workhorse to boot. Great job, Canada. A+ work."
"Have you used pspice before ECE: PSPICE Tutor (Paid) Looking to find someone that can tutor me in Pspice. Am currently taking 102, and looking for someone that can teach me every little thing you can do on pspice. Paid position."
where's Power Of The Dollar? Fiddy 1. GRODT 2. Beg For Mercy 3. The Massacre 4. Curtis 5. BISD I'd rather not mention TOS on the list
"or at least attach a flesh light to it It's probably not practical at that age since he's growing so fast, but I hope by the time he's an adult he'll be able to get one of those crazy robotic prosthetics."
Most useless award of the year lol Golden Joystick Awards Winners 2016
"From what I understand he decommitted in order to visit Michigan, since Oregon doesn't allow commits to visit other schools, so it might be temporary... Let's hope. 4-star receiver Eddie McDoom decommits from Oregon"
Are you asking if the pullups can be done with your palms facing towards you or away from you? Does it matter if you do pullups or chinups? I've read that you have to do pullups and also that it doesn't matter so just wanted to clarify.
"Roses are red Violets are blue There's always an Asian That's better than you What is the best ""Roses are red..."" poem you know?"
No one remembers Nathan For You anymore Jimmy Kimmel's on a roll lately.
"Living in the Bible Belt here, I live in one of the ""Highest"" areas in North Carolina for human development. These 3 Maps seems to be similar"
"good luck with that Egypt Egypt issues arrest warrants for Koran-burning pastor Terry Jones, 7 others over anti-Islam film"
"Well to be fair, they planned on Daniel Bryan elevating the IC title and defending often on Smackdown but that kind of hit a snag. What they should have done is gone into the John Cena IC open challenge a couple of months after Lesnar squashed him at Summerslam (post Survivor Series ideally, or even at Survivor Series with someone else leading the fight against the Authority). Have Rusev have the US title, have someone other than Cena win it off him (Reigns seems like a good fit here) while Cena does exactly what he's doing now, would have put both belts over much bigger"
"Nope :P Haste... six creatures, with one non-creature that generates mana... I'm going with [[Ruric Thar, the Unbowed]]."
please.. don't use glass tables.. PLEASE. Finally back into pc gaming after a few years hiatus
"So we'd find plenty of dumbasses. Yep, if you ask enough people you will find plenty more who feel the same way."
They lowered the drinking age? Baltimore County police said they plan to review the arrest of a 19-year-old man outside a popular bar in Towson after a video of the incident shows officers taking him to the ground and at least one who appears to punch him several times in the face.
"pffh, but did you know Rick Moranis hasn't starred in a movie since 1997? Did you know that Steve Buscemi was a firefighter?"
that felt a lot longer than 22 seconds angry subtitled scottish people
We are talking about the best meaning accolades I believe? Dude there's something called personal preference.
Twangie boy sounds homosexual. Common slang in the 1920s
"""The best car literal literal literal period."" What if you were trying to type ""the best car literal period?"""
They didnt Why bother returning it if its a stolen credit card?
Helmetlivesmatter Fleeing thieves throw helmet at Brazilian cop; he unloads the lead.
multi map? Powerful crit devo in an added damage map + multi map. You probably took 5K damage in elemental damage alone. Good rip.
"holy shit, if there were ever a sign that Reddit is the new 4chan / digg / shitpit of the internet... The worst of reddit today is: all of reddit!"
"I would love to see them add Russell to that already porous defense Let me guess, they're in on Hamhuis and Russell."
Htc will replace the screen once for free. My HTC M8 screen is broken but I wanted to wait to get it replaced with the M9 instead of the M8. How long does it take for them to replace with the current year's model?
Every position of the Rubik's cube can be solved in 20 moves or less. What little known fact do you know?
But why male models? Because someone paid 8 million for it.
"Lifting So reddit, what are you looking forward to this weekend? I have no drive whatsoever as of late, but I was wondering what you guys are getting excited for?"
42 Can any one guess my size?
"Seems fishy indeed... Whoa, whoa, whoa. You applied for admission, and were admitted, to Northeastern University in Boston but were issued an I-20 to study at their Amazon sweatshop campus in SLU? Do you have your letter of admission to the Boston campus? Have you contacted the school's immigration advisers? Are you indicating you are just going to show up in Seattle because you're going to roll with a clerical error? What's going on here?"
"Whelp, you get what you pay for, I suppose. Except Comcast gives it to me for free."
But not this one. This one will.
Yeah if you could not use a tragedy to push your politics that would great Their parents aren't gay.
"This thread has made me want to DL the .pdfs and then reread them all, and read the ""new"" ones that came out after 2000, as well. They hold up surprisingly well - IMO they are the 2nd-best series behind anything by Tim Zahn."
2023 PCMR Giveaway #9: Steam Link &amp; Controller. MGS:GZ for Runner-up
FF iii (US) auction house? and the next item up for........
"Could you MS Paint the creatures? It was a nice try, but that wasn't quite it. You definitely nailed the town building and it was similar to to my description, but I definitely remeber these weird creatures building the town. Have an upvote!"
"It doesn't have a performance impact if you use different LOD models as you get further away. The train has actually had me worried since they first showed it off. If they put that many polys into a game object that you will never see as more than a small box that you strafe on the ground every once in a while it makes me think that they put that much detail into other objects. Other sims don't make low detail ground objects because technology isn't there, they make them because it's a massive waste of performance."
"The weight of water jar, compass, and weapon attachment blueprints could all do with a *serious* reduction. Wildcard please update the drops Im no programmer but I am a computer guy so I have a basic understanding of programming and I'm sure it wouldnt be too hard to implement new things in the drops so I STOP GETTING WATER JAR BLUEPRINTS ALSO I DON'T NEED LARGE CROP PLOT BLUEPRINTS EITHER IT'S THE SAME SHIT EVERY TIME I OPEN A DROP JUST ADD VARIETY PLEASE"
What have we done. Chile soviet prussian.
"They're not close to being worth 2 mana, but they're more value per mana crystal compared to other hero powers except that of rogue/warlock maybe. no its not lol those totems arent even close to being worth 2 mana you also cant get more than 4 totems"
"Thank you, you too! Thanks for trading! Let me know if you need anything! C:"
If only. Can't play DayZ on Xbox though.
"You are pathetic. I'm introducing my GF to reddit tomorrow and she's making an account, so I want to freak her out. Here's a photo of us being ninjas in Jersey"
"same in many places :) So we are as good as it is for an orgy... Great to be at the top, bad to be at the bottom."
same I was expecting Biggie himself to be present in the video. Not sure if i'm more disappointed in the misleading title or myself for being an idiot
"But its sooooooo long! come on guys, keep it going!"
"""Execute Order 66."" TIL that up to 150,000 Roman/Italian citizens were murdered on one day in 88 BC. The carefully planned massacre, the ""Asiatic Vespers"", occurred simultaneously in many cities across Asia Minor (western Turkey) because of hatred of Roman rule and taxes."
"Will you Ryze? Champion Update: Ryze, the Rune Mage"
"I don't know what you're talking about, they marketed the shit out of that movie Gotta say, I'm pleasantly surprised Sully is performing well. It didn't seem like there was much marketing or excitement for it!"
"It's ironic that a recorded conversation with a Bush is going to be Trump's ultimate downfall. Damn, that makes two Bushes leveled by Trump in this campaign."
NSA gold? Yeah but his file gets a gold star.
"Also, *No battery allowed in the engine compartment* \- Germany Weight distribution."
Don't forget the irony of John Lennon's Imagine playing in the background... Is this the progressive stack that y'all talk about? Because that was really sad.
"False equivalence, Captain Lolbertarian. Lol, and just recently y'all were saying ""but what about muh roads?"" when I pointed out the injustice of taxation in this state."
"Not with that attitude. Pokevision said there was a farfetch about 13 minutes from me in Oswego, NY. Sadly, it's spawn timer was 2 mins so there was no way I could get it"
Even he would admire that quality bush. Is that the same spot Hitler once stood for his picture?
Who? Yeah that Crawford guy is such a scrub
"Ron Francis, Chuck Kaiton, Paul Coffey Is Karmanos Jr. the first person primarily associated with the Hurricanes to be inducted into the Hall of Fame?"
I'm going to cream if this gets animated. Working Two Jobs and This is Pretty Much Me During Finals Week
"the gold hester is pretty handy also, but FB Hester kills... 99 overall KR in september, bought him knowing i wouldn't need to replace him this year That's what I do with Tavon Austin, haven't even thought to try Hester yet, but after that video I may have to! Sick return man!"
"Dentists and those with Parkinsons Then again, who likes Kevin Dunn?"
"Come for the memes, stay for the braaaaaaaiiiiiins! yeah. I'm a christian, and i come here to help people going through rough things, and get tired of people making 'Zombie Jesus' jokes."
"This. Hashem is not a ""thing""."
"if u have to install through itunes, u might as well be side loading, this is no different and i dont think apple will care Or possibly find out how to download it this way through iTunes. I don't know near enough to decide whether or not it's possible though."
"I love the comments saying ""wow guys, it is just a joke, calm down"" while some of the top rated comments amount to ""...but no really, it is true, men are better at everything."" Women can be really sexist."
"No, it still doesn't do that unfortunately. Does it show multiple translations/meanings for words? The MS Translator on WP8 is useless as a dictionary because it only shows one translation."
"We need to invite LA in here to complete the trifecta Well it combines people from Miami with people from New York / New Jersey, so what do you expect. Cats and dogs man. Many deaths are inevitable."
FINESSIN FINESSIN I CAN'T GO ONE DAY WITHOUT FINESSING Travis Scott's Latest Merch Is A Generic Stuffed Animal Marked Up 385%
what time? Virtual Herf Tomorrow? I always jump in and never see anyone on. Does anyone want to smoke tomorrow?
"You know they're adjustable, right? What do I do? New snare stand's too big size 15 shoe next to it for comparison. I can't make it any smaller and don't know what to do about it, is there a simple fix or did I just loose 30$"
"I've just been using my nipple, your way sounds less convenient as I don't smoke and eat with my hands. I use the end of a fork, the end of a bic lighter, have had success with a key. Use the rigid object as the lever and your pointer finger as the pivot point. Super manly."
And it's not because of gun control laws. still lower then the US
"Then tune in at 11, Jesus man. I want to hear more about this."
"Well, the major Islamic leaders don't seem to really be into the whole terrorism thing, whereas the GOP leader is really into the whole racism thing. There is no reason to think all Muslims are terrorists..... same logic."
"Maybe 2020 because of how great our country gets with Trump, even then doubtful. Will there ever be a situation were the west coast 3 don't vote democrat?"
Did you also steal a car? TIFU by killing a dog.
no Would you go so far as to say anime irl
Flair checks out! Sorry but Casillas was never at the level of Buffon. Great goalkeeper but there have been better goalkeepers than him in the last 20 years.
"Holy tilt-shift, travis. Nissan found on the street NYC Plate read ""Hulkzila"""
trickle truth... Don't rely on her for the truth...Use your own methods... She might have deleted all evidence by now though.. ++update++ After an intense interrogation she admitted she cheated on me. Apparently it was about 5 years ago with a co-worker. This is pretty fucked. Still doesn't explain how shit popped up recently. How can I believe that she didn't cheat on me again recently now she's positive for chlamydia &amp; has a history of cheating and lying??
"There point of engagement is his offer on the website, he should not have to up his offer because they want more plat when they come to him, they should come with a price If you don't like the listed price, don't ask for a new price (""offer""). You can try and get a new price by making a bid. But don't get salty when its declined."
"I bet my step dad 100 bucks plus inflation that Bridge would be in the HoF in 20 years. lately teddy bridgewater , knew he was going to a good qb ."
"Did you catch the wisecrack about how Mo was ringing the Opening Bell but should be ringing the CLOSING bell? Mo was at the game, so obviously the Giants were going to close it out with a lead in the final frame!"
Literally. literally?
"This comment is not punk rock Um, no, it's not that simple. The mics, preamps, filters, processing board, recording machines, mastering equipment, distribution media, playback equipment, amps, and speakers all compress and color the sound. Go plug a Rick into an AC30, a Strat into a Vibrolux, a Gretsch into a Deluxe Reverb, a Les Paul into a 50W Marshall half-stack, or an SG Special into a Hi-Watt (shudder), dime out the rig, and play a simple E cowboy chord. That's all it takes. If you've spent at least 10,000 hours playing and are in practice (not rusty), the feeling is exquisite. If you are lucky enough to get the opportunity to do that with other musicians, in front of a receptive audience, and you can ride the razor that you have to ride to execute a respectable guitar solo, the feeling is indescribable, and will ruin you for life, spending the rest of your years chasing the dragon."
"Thanks, TREBECK. Corporations. The word you're looking for is Corporations."
"India : confused. Yes yes we know. Tipping is common in America and this receipt has a spot for a tip so....yeah. Europe = no tip America = tip everywhere else = chime the fuck in, because I didn't specifically mention you"
Lol it must feel pointless on some lower priority calls gathering all that information knowing it will be deleted within half a year We always ask name and day of birth in Belgium to identify the caller. That way we can contact you later for a statement if needed and know who you are the next time you call and may be in an emergency where you can't say anything. However info on previous calls only stay in CAD 4-6 months.
"Oddly we had to find one today, to get an old HP Storageworks 215e out to try and find some really old key in a config from back when we actually did tape backups... Needed an Adaptec that bad eh?"
"So I want to be a college educated catcher who has never managed in the minors, 1/3 ain't too bad The profile of MLB's 30 managers"
North american prison is an awful place instead of educating you they punish you even until you get out making it hard to get a job and end up coming back to prison. I agree. There are some cases where the crime is so heinous that I believe it's acceptable to execute the offender.
"All double standards are based on simplified stereotypes, therefore all bullshit. Reddit, what is one double standard that is totally bullshit?"
"banter gets people pearled, don't risk it devon yeah, we're cool, just banter m80"
"Nobody moves in on a Sunday Statistically, a third person moved in today. Focus your rage on the outlander."
Those mountains look rocky to me - don't know what you're on about ;) Geography Lesson From our Friends in Ontario (Sportsnet)
I'm glad I wasn't the only one. My daughter stood like this clapping and cheering the whole time Fyfe was on TV last night...
Lmao if she says daddy can you pass the salt dont pass her the salt otherwise it'll get awkward.
"""Thank God for Messi"" Things Barcelona fans say? Hey guys, I want to make a compilation of stereotypical things fans of each club say and I needed some help with things Barca fans say. Any input is much appreciated. This is meant for a good laugh."
"ceasing meat production will always be unrealistic until some alternative comes through, agriculture and animal farms will always go hand in hand. It takes 10 pounds of plants to make 1 pound of beef. The polution of agriculture is a huge part of the polution of meat because eating meat requires so much more agriculture than not eating meat."
"I'm a special snowflake Hold up, 38% humidity is killer? LOL x2."
Easter is not a Holy Day of Obligation anywhere as it is already always on Sunday. Really? Christmas and Easter I assume?
"Theoretically the system is secret, so stop asking questions. Theoretically, if two equal forces clash on equal terrain in an equal situation, will they have equal casualties? And, is it considered a stalemate or does one side lose?"
"No he's ours you can't have him. Man that Austin Hedges guy is such garbage, SD should trade him for a solid contributor in the 2nd half ;)"
he's not a bitch tho Laughs continuously and then claims to be taking the high road.
it's 225 man not sure if anyone has mentioned this how many attempts is what I wanna know
i shed 3 tears made me cry
"Wtf, man. Then when I closed the door my uncle grabbed me around the throat and said ""who was that bitch? What did she want!? Is she gone?"" before dragging me back to the bedroom and turning the music up louder ""You better pray she doesn't come back again or ill send you both straight to hell"" he said, as he removed my bathrobe once again It didn't matter. I was already in hell."
"#RIP EARS, EVERYTIME RIGHT SIDE BROADCASTING. LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Policy Speech in Monessen, PA (6-28-16)"
"Oh shit...I haven't been on that sub at ALL today... I can only imagine... They've been posting about revealing the cast today and they didn't, and everyone lit the sub on fire."
"Welll, the mail thingy kinda grew out of hand I am also above 40 mails per character now xD you are 100% right. Was funny finding fireworks from multiple years in there too. thanks for the help!"
"So, you were up too facing the left, the side gave way under the left tread, the mini banged the far side of the trench, then rolled to the other side and landed as seen here? Back filling a ditch I had a side cave in. The ""drivers side"" caved in caused my tread to slip and roll me to my left. After hitting the left side my right side tread slipped and spun me around to the right side/back. Machine has minimal damage, the biggest issue is the fuel tank took a hard blow damaging the float"
"Argue with people on the internet. When I'm up late, I often choose to watch 2 or 3 episodes of a TV series rather than a movie as though I'm saving time. What other things do you that defy logic?"
"If you don't mind me asking, what was your average? I see. Thanks for the clarification. I was hoping the class load was more like comp sci as they tend to have 20-25 hrs/week. I want to spend a lot of time writing code for outside projects as well instead of rehashing physics assignments. As for why I didn't go for compsci, UOIT rejected me for CS but accepted me for engineering (crazy huh?)"
"right, but the car doesn't make it, it's programmed. You just gave a rule, which constitutes an ethical choice."
"Hi, it's me, your dad (flips to blue) 'fuck me daddy' (flips to pink) 'kiss me mommy'"
"There are Kangaroos in Asia, TIL Kangaroo court orders Indian woman to be gang-raped by 13 men for having a relationship with a man from another village"
"Why would you want the control of it then? Are there any mods that allow me to gain land without settling it? In one of my games, there's a massive desert next to me. The desert is just that - a desert. There's no resources or rivers or anything, it's just all desert. I have want to have control of the desert but the only way for me to do that would be to send out tons of settlers to establish basically throwaway cities with nothing around them just for the land. Buying won't work because you can only buy so much around your cities, so the same issue stands. So are there any mods that would enable me to claim land without having to settle it?"
"Those are liberal voters though, best to keep them happy and blame inanimate objects. When was the last time a gun killed someone? Last time I checked it's the person behind the gun who is killing someone..."
"Oh, don't worry, they're trying to figure it out behind the scenes **BIG TIME**. I can't wait to hear how this is somehow Trump's fault."
her I'm just praying this cockroach clark will get what's coming to him before he gets to die of being an old fuck.
"It seems like one of those silly ""stuck in the air, free fall counter still going"" glitches. There was a time people were hiding dino's in rocks and the devs made it so any rock that respawns around a dino kills the dino now. Perhaps it's related."
"Same with this b9 thing Say goodbye to progress in next few hours If you guys will only spam ""start9"" we will never escape this island. If you truly want to avoid using democracy to move Parasect and teach TM you must escape this cave - don't forget that the more time we spend here the more people will get bored and will stop spamming ""start9"" and the rest will try to move Parasect and teach TM. So here is place for your decision: Will you spam ""Start9"" to only **stall** Democracy or will you use it to escape from it? [](#Kappa)"
I've been wanting christian bale to do the same. I would literally cut that off with an exacto knife
Yeah which Conor did not deserve a shot at. Except for that pesky lightweight title.
Slightly above not very How confident are we?
"I would say its good marketing if they managed to sell a pile of crap to someone :P I should rephraase that what I mean is they used words like fast and powerful but all of that is relative. But if they bought it, was it poor marketing?"
Because babies. .05% female to male? Wtf health class. Does anyone know why it's still so heavily associated with the need for protected sex?
"Trumps labeling sticks, just look at poor lyin' Ted or little Marco ... The simpering guac merchant. Goddamn, Trump did a number on him."
The Servers are also more lax because damn is the weather here amazing. Thats true. Pbe server is in Los Angeles and its made for small ammount of testers. Soo yeah good luck with ping if you live in EU.
"He'd have his pick, but there's also a diminishing amount of females for him to meet that haven't been married or already had kids. Precisely what I was thinking. He'd be golden. He'd have his pick. OP really would not have fucked him over in the least."
"What do you like? Never heard of the band. Looks like there's a track called ""Enemies in Fidelity."" Glad you introduced me to this band! Looks like they got some solid albums and I'm in the process of getting some music for a road trip I'm taking this weekend."
2deep4me Shitposts are in the eye of the beholder.
Woosh getting pregnant and being attacked by anti abortionists.
Team Fortress 2 1171 hours and counting. What game have you sunk the most hours into?
"If the Democratic Party is not like it was thirty years ago it's because people have been voting it in that direction, why would you assume people would vote for someone left of what they have been voting for, especially since the economy is recovering and we have had months and months of job growth with centrism Did you forget what we are talking about? We're talking about the idea that Hillary is not a leftist, and that Bernie more closely resembles the democratic party ideals of 30 years ago. Yes Hillary is currently winning, but my point is that she is not winning based upon policies, she is winning for many other reasons."
pls Did they fuck?
That actually looks like a hassle to play with. Customizing our peripherals. Why? Because we actually can.
Hazard is a forward too. Safe to say that most consider him a forward...
"cry me a river. Well, I have to communicate with a thief; gotta speak the native language of salt."
"If I had to keep cannabutter in the fridge I'd sooner write ""Science Project"" than gamble with my family's eating habits and weird choices To be fair a lot of people are scared of vegan stuff, it wasn't a *terrible* plan"
"Just like someone who occasionally reads comics isn't a true comic nerd. I'd like to think that it's closer to the 96% figure. They may play app games, however they probably don't identify as gamers."
I added a photo above :) I think you have to select Sanders and then choose one of the delegates assigned to him - do you have a picture of it that you can PM to me?
ffs Need to see the crash!
To be fair it's usually elementary school math to get the prize. Like they have to do a fucking high school math test or some shit to get the money?! What a load of horse shit!
"The fact that you're still alive to tell me this tells me one thing: you're white I dry fire guns at people and shout ""IT'S A PRANK"" afterwards."
Hottest water I can stand in the morning when the sun is beginning to peak through the windows while birds chirp in the background. What is THE best way to take your shower?
"I mean, if TER was quickplay on opponents turn. Most people agree that in our current format its better to play cards that give you card advantage than ones that take from your opponent. Mithrilium being the giver and Alkahest the taker. Mithrilium allows for a lot of intricate combos, provides recyclability that lets you cut a lot of clutter from the deck, and floats. Alkahest is basically just TER tier of removal."
"I lived 30 minutes outside the DFW area and can confirm.. it was amazingly accurate. This always leads to debate but King of the Hill very accurately represents my experience living outside of Houston (Willis) for 2 years. To be fair, it's also very reminiscent of the time I spent living outside of Tallahassee (Crawfordville)."
"Same thing happened in Eastern Europe in the 80's, it remains to be seen if this actually comes to anything though... North Korean teenagers are no longer filled with the patriotic spirit their leaders drum into them from the earliest age, and many compare their repressive country unfavorably to its more affluent neighbors and the West"
*Lo niego* *I deny it* When casting Negate in spanish. wurmspiralmaschine!
WOOOSHHH mothefucka! ABT
"This is just like when you see that sexy chick and your friend calls dibs on it The ability to block votes is dumb and should be removed I just started a comp game and immediately after connecting, one of my teammates lost power and was restarting. We went to pause it, but the other team called a vote first. They let the vote timer run out and we were unable to pause it before the first round started. It seems like it is unintended for the other team to delay time outs like this, and just encourages douchey behavior"
"Woah, that's one flair... Uhh, care to go in more detail, sounds interesting - mostly because of the funk (is that just the opposite of ""punk"" genres?) I like the taste of metals and platic, but I appreciate fresh air and greenery."
"You can tell he keeps goal, he falls very well with a nice little roll. Arsenal's Colombian goalkeeper's first attempt at bowling"
everyone has kinda been mean to him so i can understand why he will be a bit sad. Why does Ramsey always look like he is staring at the floor? I get his game but it's hard to watch Why does Ramsey always look like he is staring at the floor? I get his game but it's hard to watch
B there or b square Watch two kids projectile vomiting: May 20th 4:30pm.
It's when they're picking out equipment from the arms dealer. what the hell? I've seen that and don't remember that rope quote. Oh well.
Implying that it hasn't already WhatsApp would lose its mind
"Why would they get mad when the child didnt know where the eggs are then? tbh this sounds like an attempted child grooming situation. It really does. That could have quickly escalated into ""can you help me put X in my car"" I mean really, who would expect a child in their Sunday best to work in a store. I mean unless your like 90yo or something it is just not something that happens."
Now that's funny! Who moved the urinal?
"Not sure what you meant by 'second chamber', but the coin goes in the chamber where the weed collects (usually second) not the keif catcher (usually third). Coin goes in the ""second stage"", in your kief catcher. You use the coin to bang your kief screen a smidge from the underside, in order to encourage it the interstices in the screen to clear and let more kief through. I use an XACTO blade instead, because the weight is about the same, but it's a much better scraper. Also, if you're *really* old school... the term kief itself might confuse. Kief's etymology started as an Egyptian word for ""stoned"" or sometimes ""stoner"" and then as a bit of Morroccan/Lybian slang for snuff and hash powdered together. In modern parlance, what the Dutch started calling kief is the white powdery stuff that falls off of potent marijuana. It'll form a bit of residue in your bag, but when collected deliberately in a 2-stage grinder and smoked it provides a nice high, typically registering 40-60% potency. tl;dr - So your grinder doubles as a maraca at the drum jam, bro."
"Next time he says that, answer *make me*. My boyfriend asks me to ""cum"" for him during sex; as a female I don't know what what he means and it makes me uncomfortable in the moment. How do I talk to him about this? Recently, my boyfriend has been asking me to ""cum"" for him, and honestly, I don't know what he means for a woman so I kinda get uncomfortable. Any insight as to what he may mean by this?"
You remind me of Ben Carson who as frontrunner was complaining the media treated him unfairly because of all coverage and scrutiny. You're not *playing* victim if it actually happens. We are all well aware that Sanders is getting the short end of the stick on media coverage and has been since his campaign started. It's blatant bull shit and you know it.
Yes You a citizen?
"Every 4 years there is a chance No way we'd play in Green Bay since they are NFC, but agreed about Foxborough."
Right click the fairing bases to re-size them. Procedural Fairings don't work? I just have 2 items and no large or small sizes. How do I get bigger sizes even though I have them unlocked?
Watching that documentary on Palestine and seeing how those walls that Israel built on Palestinian land divided the holy land and divided Palestine from itself is pretty sad too. i'd say the fact kids are used to build the tunnel is sadder than the fact that they are build at all
26 and I refuse to stop doing it I still do this as a 21 year old.
You could use platinum AS paper! seriously though. Can we please get to mining asteroids? I could use platinum as common as paper.
This is why I come to mfa Man I just made that shit up
"Yes please well, at least we get to see Bum throw at puig the showboater tomorrow"
"Proof, please. You can't lick your elbow. You definitely can."
"Unless it's crucial to the scene, like in the first avengers IIRC there were subtitles for this scene with russians. right. exactly. b/c the movie makers don't provide translation for the listeners (you're not supposed to know what they're saying, just that they're conversing in french) so this isn't pointless at all."
the Nintendo one not running is correct: I have both a PC and a WiiU since it's a console that remembers that consoles are for when friends come over. Look at that loser
"It's up! I feel like a junkie as I keep refreshing this page over and over again in hopes that I will get part for. I need part 4. I can't stop thinking about part 4. I'm genuinely on the edge of my seat, one of the best series that I've ever read on here, just an all around great post, OP."
Was that designed with TouchID in mind? Yeah it's a feature. Part of the new system authentication substrate that was implemented in the iOS 10.1 beta 3. Any questins?
"I know that, but he's idea about radiant materials being used for all future raids it's what I was agreeing with. That's a terrible reason. The word ""raid"" and ""radiant"" don't share any etymology - they're derived from completely different cultures and languages. By that logic, radiant shards should be used to buy radiators for your speeder."
"Thank the old gods and the new that I looked at the comments ""You know nothing Papa John Snow."""
"That's a capacitive scanner, and will fall foul to a jelly baby with a fingerprint on it. It applies a voltage to the finger, then measures the difference in capacitance, which can be used to form an image of the fingerprint. Basically, it measures under your skin, so your finger could have a small cut and it should still work."
"Jupiter Assending, gods help me. What is a movie that you objectively know is terrible, but you still love?"
"Well if it works for you it doesn't matter what anyone else says :) Lol the Crock-Pot is clutch. I use it often. My biggest concern with the diet is how truthful are people. The stats show with science that strict appliance of the diet for a length of time shows more positive results than negative. I've had good responses on here from people who say it 100% changed their life, others say it did nothing for them. I'm just curious of the people who say both things is how strict were they, for how long, etc. Etc. There are many variables but from the children's at Seattle hospital they had real results which showed that diet alone played as good a treatment as medication. People got to remission as often and just as quickly. Yes, there were a few cases 10-25% that were unaffected by diet... But as any treatment plan, there will be the unaffected)"
"Why isn't it worth 15$ an hour? Because it's unskilled labor that isn't worth $15/hr. You earn your way to a decent wage by studying and working hard, not by flipping burgers."
How do we know he didn't cheat on a test at school and his parents are making him wear this? I suppose she's oblivious to the fact that she looks stupider than he does.
"It doesn't prevent them from speaking, but it does limit what they can talk about regarding production and the game. hayden did one not long after leaving the house."
Sex Whats for non rookies?
....Meanwhile near Mike Tysons house Tiger on the loose
Can someone ELI5 what's happening here and why people are wearing Guy Fawkes mask? Security Guard assaulted by Stud Farm protesters
"I think it's hilarious they're crying racism when Amazon Prime isn't available to most of the whitest fucking parts of the United States. Could have used this to point out the problems within the poor communities that stay poor, and why a big company might avoid providing an expensive service and how this could affect the community positively or negatively, but nope, it's just racism, guyz!"
It's like a lot of Redditors think knock-knock jokes actually happen. I've seen reddit completely fail to see the difference between a joke and a lie so many times.
Because then you won't see the maximum tanking effect for the Habs. Why not 30 games? Just curious
Whatever that's supposed to mean Sure pal. And a hammer costs $30k and a roll of toilet paper is $85 right?
"I believe that pug to 15 was old info probably beta stuff. Getting Dragoon job A few days ago i decided i wanted to play ffxiv and liked the job dragoon, searching on the internet i got confused, on the wiki it says you need Lancer lvl30 and Marauder lvl15 but ive seen forums where they talk about needing lancer lvl30 and pugilist lvl15 and i was watching a video that said that the best cross class abilities (i think thats what they are called) were from pugilist and lancer, so my question is, should i level up the three classes? Or am i better only leveling two? and if so which ones?"
Jeep is trail only anyways. Have you ever even driven a 4cyl yj? Highway isn't fun but in 4hi or 4low it's a fucking tank. (With 4.10s anyways)
"Each ""bicep"" maybe. I love how she's says fuck your beauty standards, but has her photos photoshopped to hell and back. She also claims she's ""250lbs"""
"That would be hilarious to witness. I sleep in boxers so I just strap on my full size utility belt with 1911, flashlight, cuffs and spare mags. I think that its probably the best oh Im just kidding. I grab the shotgun like a normal person."
"Nero was trying to learn 'Smoke on the water' as Rome burned... Ah, so mangling that song in a guitar shop is actually an ancient tradition. *Historical*."
"I was in Ann Arbor for hash bash and other than confiscating those joints big enough kill a squirrel, they were pretty cool. too bad most american cops dont realize this."
"Some of them tried reaching Europe, YPG Afrin issued a statement some time ago warning people to not do that as demographics were changing in favor of non kurds. But why would people try to flee from Afrin into Turkey? Isn't Afrin relatively safe?"
There'd be some massive tides if the moon was that close. Summer solstice in Australia
"Frankly, all computer speakers are trash Are the Logitech Z-5500 any good still?"
"This lol EA will announce the return of alternate uniforms tomorrow. And new legends for Madden 17: Brett Favre, Randy Moss, Jim Brown. I can always hope.."
"Ah the beauty of starcraft Harold Kelley's Attribution theory states that people tend to blame the outcome of events on one of three things: Person (Failure was caused by personal skills or disposition), Entity (Failure was caused by the characteristics of the entity, or in this case game), and Circumstantial (The failure was brought about by transient amounts of extreme luck or chance). Starcraft 2 Player's attribution theory blames the outcome of events on David Kim, IMBA bullshit, and Patchfags."
Throwing enderpearls I believe oh. really? So how do they spawn then?
"Media (ABC) has her in blowout mode +12 I'm more annoyed how the media is trying to make this a tight race when it clearly isn't. Like in sports, the media hates a blowout because it kills ratings and people don't tune in."
"Asses to asses, dust to dust. If you don't mind having the ink from, ""And it came to pass"" smeared on your ass."
"I have zero confidence that Hillary would do a better job than Trump What? a generation (at least) of the worst policies, supreme court appointees, and endless wars? yea, that'll show them."
the original willy wanka What non-horror movie scared the living shit out of you as a child?
"I told them it was just pictures of astronauts being dicks to each other... xD Honestly though, its right in the title. If you would fall for something like that you're kinda asking for it"
Sucks :( Phimosis
"Yeah, they released the N Zap 85 (basically the NES Zapper) and the Port Mackerel stage. N Zapper is out already?! I haven't been able to play since I put in my first few hours last weekend. I'm definitely going to town on it tonight"
"nm, u wubu2"
He should make it his walk up music if he has any good sense of humor. Ryan Raburn's favorite song.
"Scumbag friend has scumbag friend? It's something I've been wanting to do for years, and now it's finally done"
"I live in Michigan and go to MSU and I can tell you that the Clinton campaign is VERY active here and around Lansing I'd like to question: is Clinton's ground game actually that good? I live in Denver and the only voter contact we've had was a canvasser from the Bernie Sander's campaign. I see very few voter signs in people's yards, only a few more campaign bumper stickers on the freeway. For contrast, in 2012 I saw far more Romney stickers driving around than I've seen Clinton ones this year. The only presidential sign I've seen within three blocks of my house was a Trump sign, and I live in a primarily working class Hispanic/Asian neighborhood with a notable Muslim minority demographic. This area should be Disneyland for Hillary Clinton. My wife is a registered Democrat who caucused for Bernie Sanders, but no one from the campaign has contacted her to ask who she plans to vote for (Hillary of course, but wouldn't they want to at least cross her name off a list?) By contrast, we'd had many contacts by the Obama campaign in both their '08 and '12 iterations by this point in the cycle. Obama signs and bumper stickers were ubiquitous, as were McCain and Romney ones. I can only see two possibilities here. Either Clinton believes Colorado is already in the bag for her and is spending resources elsewhere or...her ground game is only considered ""great"" because her opponent's is non-existent. I guess we'll find out on Tuesday, but this is going to be a much tighter win for Hillary than she expected."
"Scrubs... Then season 9 happened. What show (any show, anime, drama, sitcom, etc) ended perfectly?"
Can we get them via Trade in? New Tencent DST skins
"I still have a penchant for the NBA on NBC theme The real MVP is the producer, he brings in the theme song perfectly Fox MLB and NFL themes are amazing"
"Yeah, I was downvoted into negative for saying if he did actually hurt his leg in the fight (kinda looked like he was limping and he was riding on a scooter the next day instead of walking) it would be deserved because of his comment. Jones actually celebrated breaking OSP's arm and r/mma ate it up. *Now* they all hate Jones because he ruined their ppv."
Not sure. I don't know how to reply to comments. AMA!
"You can thank your ""Jewish"" media for that. When a light skinned Hispanic man kills a dark skinned man, it somehow makes the Hispanic man a ""White Hispanic"" for some bs racial narrative. You can thank your ""progressive"" media for that."
"Maybe because it would be hard to be attracted to someone who behaves like a 3 year old. Him acting like a toddler is what it kinda felt like... I was like ""Why did you do that?"" and he was like ""Cause you were mad at me"". I was so confused because I don't see how the two correlate. I'm having a really hard time feeling sexually attracted to him since then, which I'm not sure is normal or why I feel this way. It's just like he tries to initiate and I cannot get turned on at all."
just stay as far away from any vehicles as possible. Where I'm from is technically considered a deciduous rainforest. It hasn't rained once since I moved out here. I think when it finally does I'll just stand outside for a while.
"Tammy Stevenson, and please shut the fuck up. ""And who is this hottie?"""
He got banned for toxic behavior in his ranked games. How did riot fuck him over?
R M
Im literally driving to work RIGHT NOW Finally you're online god damnit. Get on Discord.
"I like to think of our planet as a game of Spore that got really out of hand. I can't be sure, but I think that was a joke."
"I am going to assume English is not your first language. Violence not violent, try to read next time."
"That's why Ted Cruz is so frightening. Trump's supporters aren't going away. If there was a competent candidate, who could tap into the same demographics as Trump while maintaining a facade of capability (not talking about fucking your daughter, tweeting about sex tapes at 3AM, no tax baggage, and the ability to string together a complete sentence in a debate) there could be a very dangerous Trump-lite candidate running in 4 years."
"Yes, there is a typo in the title, but it is too late now. Mature and experience player looking for a Realm I have played Minecraft for years and have never caused any drama on a Realm I have played on. Unfortunately I got removed from my old Realm (Gaia) and am now looking for a new Realm to call home. I would prefer an experience similar to Hermitcraft. Gamertag: dr0idninja"
"3 vs 2, I see no problem here. me irl"
"Most of the Indian students that we consider as intelligent are nothing but xerox machines without any practical knowledge. Ask r/india, if the girls outscore the boys in school boards every year, why don't we see them in majority in science and engineering institutions?"
Opurtunist scum bags. KKK raising money for Ferguson police officer
Is this a relevant comment at this time tho? what's with that crop though?
The new movie has a line specifically saying that their helmets do not filter out toxins Dunno how I feel about stormtroopers being killed by gas. Isn't their armour supposed to have an air supply? Maybe that was only EU.
Porque no los does? Is the Vial of Salt not good enough for you?
You can add me. Infinity Time Party (XBOX) Can we get one of these posts stickies so we don't have to create a new topic to find people to play in infinity time. I am also looking for people to get in a party and play infinity time.
"Problem is where to get it from and how to tell the other interests they can't have it, such as the pension systems. Yes, money will quite literally fix this problem."
We shall see... No it'll be the majority of people.
THIS IS A FORTY-FOUR DOLLAR HAIR CUT I DRIVE A DODGE STRATUS
"Hey, you're not OP! Thanks."
Inb4 after they announce another limited unit(s) . Avant / Krantz DE where
"why do you not have access to your own bios? How can I repair an Operating System that is installed on an SSD (Laptop) by putting the SSD in my computer and repairing it from there? Okay, I can't access the BIOS of this laptop to change the boot priority to the windows CD so that I can repair/recover the OS as the BIOS supervisor password that I do not know. One thing that came to mind is that I can put the SSD from the laptop into my desktop PC and then repair it from there as I have access to the BIOS on my computer. What procedures do I need to go through to make sure that I don't screw anything up on my computer? This is probably the only way I can recover the OS from the laptop as I cannot access the laptop's BIOS."
Have fun having no bf. ITT manbabies committing the whatabout fallacy.
My mom smokes almost everyday so i always smell it but can't smoke it. Well 3 days is worse than 5 months if you think about it. Its out of you system so the urge to smoke isn't that bad.
It's the time of the seasons Tragic torrid travesty.
I am amused that Republicans keep trying to pretend that it isn't their own front runner pushing this noise. Which he is. I am amused how the liberals have become what they derided just a few months ago.
"oh rip lol Oh, so you're that SoundNode guy! I'm really sorry about that, there's no available plugins for me to use and I don't know how to write Lua..."
Do I... do I really need to explain why it's a little more complicated than your wild oversimplification? Can't imagine the dedication it takes to accomplish this???He's just singing a note twice a day for a year...???
"Yeah, I know, he tweeted last night, I'm impressed DEV is up to speed! Saw a Troy tweet saying the leaderboard won't be up before Friday."
"Sure, but we can say with certainty that it doesn't come from anywhere that isn't part of the CNS. That's assuming that consciousness stems solely from the brain, which we can't say is true with any certainty."
"post removed, dont question authority /unjerk Why was my post about God RP marked as NSFW?"
I made like $30 off trading cards during the beta... those were the days after selling all my steam cards...
"I think it gives a bit of extra momentum when throwing the shield, but i could be wrong. It seems so impractical though. (Except for that 3rd occasion)"
"Awww sorry about your cat :( Do you plan on adopting another one? Our cat died yesterday :( One cat dies, three are born!! Cat playdate soon!!"
"so his seat will be hot in 2017 Kirby Hocutt has zero intention of firing Kliff or even thinking about it as of right now, and seeing as we're keeping him for at least next season... unless heads roll across the NCAA the market is quite dry"
make four separate counters and add or remove them Creative ways to keep track of Demonic Pact IRL? I'm playing a silly demonic pact deck in standard. I've been thinking about how to make some kind of counter I can use IRL to keep track of what modes have been used so far. Any creative ideas out there?
"nah he's perfectly good No, Dark Mage Odin is kind of OK, Samurai Odin is less than that."
Almost as much as Odie! How much you hate Mondays?
"inb4 ""atheism isn't a religion blargoblarg"" Or like more seriousness stuff. And I don't really apologise, because it was a joke. It was a joke with a purpose, because 'you have no idea what ideas I actually hold' either. I love science, and I've been an atheist my whole life. Get a fucking sense of humour."
"You are not alone. Oversharing time, but I have some IBS issues that I can't poop like ever. 1-3 times per week is without yperbole. Two big cups of coffee and I'll go 4 times within 6 hours and it's glorious. Cleans me out."
"Yeah, when Christian Bale is doing his monologue at the beginning he says they burned the world to a crisp and went into hibernation until it was feeding time again. Ohhhhhhhhh. Okay, see, I never saw that explained. I should rewatch that movie again."
"That's fantastic! I know a guy who's an anarchist who was in the military. He got the word ""Sniper check"" tattooed the same place this guy got ""Fuck You."" His reasoning behind it is that in the field, you're not supposed to salute officers because it would alert enemy snipers to where the officers are, hence the term ""sniper check."" So it's set up so whenever he saluted officers with that tattoo, he's essentially saying ""I hope you get shot in the head."""
A Bicycle What do you identify as?
Okay I see what you are going for but what is it going to be used for ? Anything I'm missing?
"What's wrong with having more options? Definitely don't agree with this move. Too many iPads models unless they're phasing out the Mini. Maybe the 9.7"" will become the so called ""mini"""
"Most judges won't award alimony to men because men are supposed to pull ourselves up by our bootstraps and be independent, but women helpless helpless women... I want to say that i don't think women are helpless but that is both the classical stereotype and one enforced by feminism to maintain their victim status under the unfalsifiable Patriarchy Theory. You mean like settlements, child support, alimony? Only about 8% of alimony recipients are male. Well, in 2009. Probably higher now. That number doesn't represent all the men who were entitled to alimony (probably was much higher), just those who asked and were granted. There probably is a stigma. But don't worry, folks, you too can milk your wives for what they're worth!"
wat The hell? See that period? I deleted the pun because it wasn't a pun on anything just throwing a word around without meaning.
"Just DM'd you So sorry to hear that! I can definitely check in with our Pay Team about that for you. When you have a minute, can you send us a message on here with the email address on your account? You can also send that info to us on Twitter to @AskLyft. -Andrew"
"Glitches aside, the new EVA system is awesome, hopefully we will stop needing the canned animations to get into some of these ships some day. Logging on for the 2.2 patch, I just have to say I was absolutely jaw-dropped by the stretching of limits. EVA entry into my own spacecraft"
aw man :/ Only under the influence.
Or just having your compressor already hooked up. If you remove the valve core then it won't suck the tire off the rim as it cools. The air heats so rapidly that the small hole won't really affect the explosion pushing the tire out onto the rim. But as it cools slowly air is allowed to be sucked in through the hole.
"Thanks, that was getting a bit cringey. Alright, that's enough, take it to PMs or a roleplaying sub."
"Balkan needs about a dozen of those anti-corruption agencies, per country. And even if countries complete the accession talks, there is still a vote to actually accept them. The accession talks themselves massively improve the instutions in the target countries. For example the anti-corruption agency in Romania was a requirement from the EU."
soo nothing? They always show the best stuff after the Madeon concert.
"I tend to agree, but it depends how that goes in future. Doubtful. The only reason I would suspect this to be the case would be if use of the yuan and yen in bilateral trade and investment rises dramatically-- that remains unlikely."
"Egypt is an arab nation. They used to be allies, as they were the only non-Arab nations in the region."
"I have no words to state other than these: ""To anyone against the concept of vaccination: I hope you die of measles."" First Person Dies of Measles in U.S. Since 2003"
"I liked the laser show before it started looking dated. the cool part is that there's an observation tower to the right of where this photo was taken, and it offers a very nice view of the falls, particularly at night."
im way to stoned and hungry to be looking at this picture right now Showed up in my FB feed... Cheese tots!
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH dats da wrong numba!
"pero a vo te gustan las flechas con bala en la punta, no? con flechas, diras"
Are you a penguin? Everything.
"It's usually these people who are self centred or thinks their important So rude!! This happened to me last night. Wasn't the first time and definitely won't be the last. But I was ringing up a customer who happened to then see one of their friends come up to them. Small chitchat was exxhanged and then the friend who had walked up decided he wanted to buy something too. Without even looking at me, he throws his item on the counter, keeps talking to his friend, and says not a single word to me. I did my usual spiel, ""Hey, how are you this evening? Find everything ok?"" And it went completely ignored. I am seething inside because I hate hate hate people like this. I finish ringing him up, tell him his total, and WITHOUT EVEN LOOKING AT ME, just holds out his hand with his credit card. I stood there for a minute not taking it thinking he would get the hint. Nope. Finally, I just take it, ring it through and hand him his reciept. He still doesn't look at me as I hand him the reciept. I wanted to punch that guy."
as is pdutz's plan It's sounding more and more like Communist China every day
"Can't see how comic, or even movie Thor would have too hard of a time. what character could effectively replace Kratos in all the God of war games? and still beat each game?"
"There's this thing called ""the internet"" ... Well since I know nothing about his history..."
"I bet they just open random files and just put extra ""}"" everywhere just to fuck it up. How do you know that? Who knows how much shit they found wrong internally with that patch?"
"You keep telling yourself it was an hour and not just a minute buddy ;) Business meetings. Dinner with your parents. The secret hour between 2:27 and 2:28 AM where if you have sex you die. And yes, that's an actual 60-minute period that can only be perceived by people having sex."
I am not blaming the PC. Stop victim blaming.
"What am I gonna do when I shit, read a shampoo bottle like an animal? Sorry dude, I got work that day. No can do"
should be 4k 60fps/1440p 144fps I've been enjoying need for speed so far.
"Western Maryland is much more southern than Baltimore, I think the reason one would think it is southern is because so much of black culture is southern in origin, and Baltimore is a majority black city. Is Baltimore a Southern City? I say YES! Geographically: south of the Mason Dixon line Historically: Robust slave trade and southern sympathies during the Civil War. Our entire city legislature was locked in Fort McHenry, without charges, because they were going to have the city secede from the Union. Culturally: I admit that Southern culture is exhibited primarily by the African American population in the area. Southern Living Magazine, and many many other Southern cultural institutions and periodicals etc posit that Baltimore is in fact southern. Food: Oh, we're southern. Soul food galore in Baltimore. The Bay culture is distinctly Southern and goodness knows we all love our seafood. It was once said that Baltimore is the most Southern of the Northern cities, and the most Northern of the Southern cities. Choose your side wisely...."
sounds good. I mean there isn't a rate it's just really your setting. I feel like shrooms high feels nothing like weed once it hits you feel it. Do it with some friends in the woods
"The one at the IMAX I go to has a note for the extra butter setting ""warning: may cause bag to leak"" We used to have self serve butter, but it would get depleted too quickly."
UN start to clap. Hamas leader: We will remove the Jews from our land
HADES? HAES
"VanuLabs already said he's on it. Dataminers, go!"
"You're viewing it on a mobile that probably doesn't have the monospace font required, hence it doesn't look right. Apparently my teacher doesn't give a crap about neat formatting..."
Right when the feeds came on after Jeff highlights for the veto ceremony 11:42 i believe they were talking about it but we didnt actually watch it happen Do you have a timestamp for this?
Yeah random internet dc really is somthing you can control Kippa That almost never happen if you fix things and not just pray for no bugs
"This is probably the main reason I stopped playing, huge design oversight. Is the bug, that you only can use card wizard built decks to get credit for dailies already fixed? Sorry if this is old news. I tried to search for an answer first, but it seems the ""dailies not resetting"" has a lot more attention. I played right when the game came out just to find out, that daily quests don't get fulfilled if you don't play with card wizard built decks. I followed the game on steam an here for a while, but lost interest, when that bug did not get squished. So if you can shed some knowledge, it would be much appreciated! Have a nice day everyone!"
He just wants some pic-a-nic baskets boo-boo He's used to humans! Euthanize him!
How are you supposed to clean the contact points? Everything You Need To Know About Microsoft Band 2 Battery Life
"No HDR+, just HDR. If you have a Moto X Style/Pure, could you download Google Camera from the Play Store and quickly check if it has HDR+? It should be on the options below the viewfinder. Thanks."
I'm genuinely curious what's implemented to stop me from making more than one account to get all classes at 58 on both factions Vengeance is Preparing For Instant 58 Promotion Launch Now
"Just because you enjoy doing something doesn't mean you shouldn't be paid for it, and just because someone has money doesn't mean that others necessarily have the right to it. If they find joy in work, why do they care what anyone else is doing?"
"I think defending intellectual property on a game whose storyline they very clearly ripped off of warhammer 40k is a little amusing... Blizzard comments on World of StarCraft, invites creator to HQ"
"No reason, continue using a granite maul for training str like a retard. So why would I use this piece of shit over a whip?"
Us too here in Perth We have similar upholstery on some of our busses and trains in Israel.
"I know it's a new series which has its haters but the last race of this season's formula e was a corker. What is the greatest race ever in each motorsport category? This weeks MotoGP race was the best I've ever seen, which made me wonder. What is the absolute best race in each category of motorsport? I'm not only talking about a close race finish, but overall best race. I know many people will bring up Canada 2011 for f1 but I don't know about other categories like NASCAR or Le Mans."
spoooopy A normal day in Fallout 4.
"Some people just pick easy targets rather than focus on the biggest threat. If this game has taught me anything, it's that the biggest perceived threat on the map is always: * me * in a bottom tier * stock tank"
"Make fun of drunk people and dare them to do Jackass-like stunts. Non drinking people of reddit,what are your tips for enjoying a party?"
"More ATHer, just hit $10.50 on Coin market cap a few minutes ago... NEW ATH at least relative to BTC--0.02488 on POLO."
"Pics or it didn't happen. I've got mail, genitalia"
"You don't even see your own hypocrisy. Americans are a race, now?"
"at lvl 90 slayer I can tell you its almost guaranteed to make 1m per task as an average, depending on what you get as task and how you decide to kill them. My friends keep saying ""slayer is the best money making"", what do they mean? I'm only level 22 slayer and I'm not sure where the money starts coming in or how ."
BeeFamily 108 :o I predict a Dadbee 60 soon!
Stockholm syndrome recruits Overly Attached Ole Miss.
Who of cares University of Houston - UH or U of H? I have always heard it said as U of H but over heard it referred to as UH the other night. Am I crazy or is UH the proper way to say it!?
"I'm hoping it turns out the text is poorly phrased, and it actually means 'if your remaining deck contains no more than one copy of any card'. Reno Jackson could be a great card but the requirement is downright obscene."
"It's actually pretty good at a lot of things. The Imperial Courier: What is it good for? Other than being such a pretty, pretty ship. What do you use it for? Post your loadouts, too, because I can't figure out what to do with it."
"So, video and photographs in the article are fake according to you? It's like getting a history lesson from a Disney movie. Sure, it's ""based on a true story"", but you know it's mostly fiction."
So NPR is becoming like RT but switched? Keep an ear out for the reporting on Russia -- how tough they are on them compared to the USA for similar actions. It's absurd and intentional propagandizing.
Do they even have internet in India They have diplomas - from the University of Phoenix.
Sarude - Dankstorm What game? (pcmr pls no Darude - Sandstorm)
"If this deal included the stadium, it means the club itself is worth about $30 mill seeing as the stadium's cost is worth somewhere between $30 and $40 mill. Hunt Sports Group sold Columbus Crew for $68 million, a record for an existing MLS franchise."
"This makes a lot of sense, in light of what's been happening. Flat Earth Psychology: Why radical ideas, constructs and models are rejected"
Fuck ISIS. ISIS burns 2 Turkish soldiers to death
"You can only use the no shipping or the take $7 off per bottle.. So I'm gonna roll with the $7 off per bottle. Artifact Vapor coupon code I have a coupon code for free shipping for them if anybody wants it. It came with my last order. Figure I'd give it to someone else. If you haven't tried their juice, their entire fuckin line is on point. Seriously, not *one* bad flavor. First come, first served."
Yeah that is a nonsense assertion. Which is only because we've allowed them to operate outside their article 3 powers for a century. If we held the supreme court to the enumerated powers it would not be a issue.
Whoa congratulations friend! I smoked for 25 years. :) Roughly a half pack a day.
"Yeah, but you can't do that for dirt bikes and quads......You actually have to haul those. The real answer is to quit being a wuss and ride the fucking motorcycle instead of hauling it from place to place. But for argument's sake let's assume there's some reason you need to put the motorcycle in a truck bed, like maybe you're too drunk to ride or something. In the clips where they're using an improvised ramp, well, that's the problem right there. A 2x10 plank or an aluminum ladder with a bit of plywood on it isn't going to support 700+ lbs of motorcycle and rider. In the clips where they're using a real ramp, the ramps are either too short for so tall a truck or they're positioned wrong. Either way they're too steep and the bike bottoms out. Back the truck to a curb and put the end of the ramp on the curb. That way you won't bottom out. If you have a steep driveway, put the truck at the bottom of the driveway. Better yet use a loading dock. The straighter the ramp, the less risk of error."
OSHA needed another thing to make a video about. The world has too many fingers already.
"Those people who tailgate aggressively, cut people off, occupy four seats on the subway with their bags, run red lights on bicycles because the law doesn't apply to them, etc., have to shop somewhere. Target employees in tears as ""unruly mob"" demands better deals"
"Hmm, I think that's a ""you"" problem. Mhm, that's it. Guess what, you're bad too."
We have a rulings thread for questions like this. Question about Sylvan Sagequoia timing
"Can confirm, extra parties split the vote sadly. I don't know a huge amount politics, honestly, but I wonder if the two party system is what stopped the US from getting someone as bad as him. In our last election, the vote against the conservatives was divided between the Liberals and the New Democratic Party (NDP). The official opposition switched from Liberal to NDP, but the conservative hold on the ruling party position became even stronger. It let Harper and his goons get away with even more than they could before."
"I actually cleaned my room, I did some laundry, and I took a 3 hour nap that was glorious. I'm having an awful day. Name three good things that have happened to you today. Just trying to surround myself with positivity."
How else can they get viewers... So are all of their video titles going to reference sex now?
"Haha, I'm glad my dyscalculia can be useful in some way. I actually laughed at something on the internet today. Well done. Very well done."
Health insurance What's something people worry about but really shouldn't?
The second press is just for the audible notification. Pressing the door lock twice Is it necessary? I don't like hearing the horn every time I turn on the perimeter alarm. And I never hear anyone else doing it does the alarm turn on if I press it once?
that would get messy... I want to step on that barefoot. Like really mash into it while trying to sip hot coffee.
"Yunga Sterling needs some game time with us. Jordan Ibe looking strong again, does he need another loan or should we keep him in the squad?"
So long as the music is good? I'm all for Sneaky Bean. Coffee/beer/plenty of room/no need to shout.
I'd like to see the numbers from the holidays check stop programs compared to the summer long weekend check stops. Numbers aren't really high. There is just more enforcement during this time of the year. Normally checkstops are setup on the weekends and the trend has been with the WPS (I'm sure this is the case for the RCMP) to setup during the weekdays as well.
"Buy two sell one for full retail. Oh the glorious savings! Online $100, target $80, me? $17."
"Mmm-hmm. Wow, biased article much."
Trophy.jpg profession reporter
"**STOP LIKING WHAT I DON'T LIKE** I hate it when people say, ""He's in his 20's"". Listen, you don't automatically become an adult when you're 20. Get over it. People ""mature"" at their own pace and, that being said, who is to say that this is more or less adult than anything else. If you can hold down a job and wear this more power to you."
"Because this place is 98% liberal, nobody upvotes fiscal conservatism. I've noticed the only time Gary Johnson gets positive upvotes on this sub is when he rips on Trump. Otherwise nobody gives two fucks about him."
"Turns out you don't I think I speak for the majority of /rpoker that WE don't want to see some measly micro grinder commentate his hands. When you move up to the higher stakes where I play then sure, go ahead and do the vid."
"I'm very curious why you're getting down votes. I think men who are weary of feminism need to know it doesn't have to necessarily change them. It's about allowing a woman the freedom to make a choice whether she wants a career, wants to be equal in a household, or wants to focus on being a mother. Men, I think, ignorantly assume allowing feminism to win means they must become Mr. Mom and not be able to tell dirty jokes to their friends. I also think explaining how feminism can help men is a good thing -- like equal pay rights. (This is getting very specific to one issue here) I'm a man, and currently I could get fired to trying to find out if someone else is getting paid more for the same job. The debate around that political issue is often about how women deserve ""equal pay for equal work,"" but it's really that everyone, man and woman, deserve ""equal pay for equal work."" But I also agree with a lot of what people say here, that men need to understand feminism doesn't take anything away power or rights from them."
"Wait, why do we hate him again? Yea dude... Go away."
You two are the reason we keep getting shit movies dumped on us. I'm a 43 y.o. woman and I'll be there too. I love the original movie and I'm trying not to get to psyched about the sequel.
"I like this idea Cruise around orange circle and check out the antique stores and thift shops. Then grab drinks at one of the bars around there. Lunch, activity, and a few drinks for under $60."
What does this front page post have to do with kittens? Gunmen Have Attacked And Entered A Pakistani Air Force Base Thought To House Nuclear Weapons
"That's beautiful, where is it? Afternoon Ride"
"Hey me too. If I'm high and have a drink I can have a nice time. If I've had more than 2 drinks and I even take a hit, the world spins until I throw up and go to sleep."
That is in no way efficient Capitalists efficiently allocating resources
"the only problem with that is that the jump is inaccurate for characters with different movespeed, or on slopes. see if you monitored your coordinate movement and extrapolated that to the coordinates of other zones you could determine a jump as a unit of measurement in warcraft, then you can tell people proper directions two hundred jumps east, take a right then fifty jumps that way"
not anymore coz all the old ones are down like alterIWnet and repz You could with MW2 using IWNet.
you end up there after tests are positive anyway ;-) The hospital !! Where else would one go.. the police station ?
"He says with little proof, even mossad and the CIA had trouble finding proof. Because they only want the nuclear program to advance their weapons program, not to generate electricity though im sure they would generate some if allowed."
"The less products on the shelves made by modern slaves, the better. China threatens to cut sales of iPhones and US cars if 'naive' Trump pursues trade war"
"It's a waste, the ssd will be bottle necked by the sub, it won't preform much if any better than a hard drive; I'd put it in a computer or a laptop as the boot drive and enjoy windows (or whatever os) starting up in ~5-10 sec (actual time) How do I make a 2.5 SSD work on my Wii U? I got a 850 Samsung SSD as a gift, but it's a internal instead of external. Is there a way I can make it compatible?"
You may want to post this in r/nmsfactions BOB: the Brotherhood of Bob. Pledge your allegiance here.
"Avoid Pioneer Square next time you're in town. Living in the Bay Area right now. Please Seattle, don't become a San Francisco. There are literally human shit on the street. I miss Seattle."
Also going out for an RA position in future years will probably cover housing and food. So you have to take out a loan $5k and pay $1k a year? That's awesome! Just take out the loan which you can pay back easily after you graduate. Work a job to get the extra $1k. You should be able to earn $1k within a month of working a minimum wage job. Is there something I'm missing? This seems really easy and your parents aren't out any money.
"Yes, please let us know how we can purchase something like that. Would anyone be interested in custome 3d printed Miniatures? I am a freelance animator and designer that plays DnD. I spend alot of my time making 3d sculpts of characters and Im going to be making 3d printed models for myself and my group of players. Would anyone else be interested in this service? thanks"
"If you're a guy, why would you want to get a girl's preggers? Wait, all it takes to get a girl preggers is these shitty jokes?!?! *Teach me more*."
No problem if you have any other questions just let me know. It worked!!!! I think a was a dumbass and tried to enter a_brownbear. Thanks for the help!
"I want to go to see Sylence, Audiofreq and Mad Dog as well, but I have no ride and will most likely work on new years eve. Fresh NYE? I've seen almost no discussion of it on here... I mean it makes sense that a lot of the socal crowd is divided up between OMFG and Countdown but still. Anyway, I'm pumped for a 2 hr set from Askew as well as Driftmoon and Magnus (started listening to him not that long back, fairly legit psytrance). Who here is going?!"
Can this be grounds for impeachment? Duterte: China claims over sea made 'in good faith
Display the scoreboard What does O do?
Lots of workplace firewalls block out video game related sites and forums. Why would anyone not be able to access the site
"good, there is no reason to take people down the way he did it Police officer who slammed Indian grandfather to the ground (partially paralyzing him) indicted for civil rights violation"
"Wow, I was *not* expecting that ratio when she was demonstrating the knob function. I wanted to better understand the windows that the Astronauts use to take photos of the earth.... so I asked an astronaut about them, and to my surprised found the guy that created the ""shutter"" living in my home town."
Jan-00 Clearly this means we need a war on math.
"What's a good internet job that a guy can get to recoop some lost hours during this holiday season? Holiday Megathread 2 Christmas is still coming up, Hanukkah's happening, Kwanzaa is around the corner and other celebrations are coming into view. All top level comments to this post should be questions surrounding the topic of the holidays. The purpose of this megathread is to contain all of the holiday topics in order to cut down on all the holiday posts we will get. While this thread is up, all other holiday posts will be removed. Merry Christmas and happy holidays! -The mod team"
"Meet: card simulators. You can still play Magic with them. It doesn't matter if it's not physical cardboard, it's still a convenient way to play the game from home."
or 10! I think that guy might have had a restore or two to spare.
"Seriously, fuselage drag is one of the few things that's pretty easy to minimize and these people are just saying fuck you to that. The fuel expense from the drag due to the additional bulge will make this uneconomical."
"I disagree. It does nothing but make her look dumb, this is bad press for her."
Pardon me asking but what game is this? Took me a Year of On/Off playing...But I finally got there.
Because it makes for good song lyrics Why is the glove compartment so inaccurately named?
"You use the cloak for misdirection, so while it might impede mobility slightly, it greatly reduces your opponent's ability to know where you are or where you're striking, if used correctly. I get the cloak looks bad ass and all, but don't you think with the movements required of close ranged fighting it would come as a hindrance? [6}"
"What, the curtains? ""One day, all this could be yours."""
I still find it fascinating that the Israeli supporters still point the fingers to the Palestinians for affecting peace process to move forward. Plans for new French immigrant housing in West Bank settlements to be reviewed Monday - Israel News
"G70 series? I have a ~6 year old ROG land I've loved it. These days it falls down pretty hard if you try to run much of anything released in the last couple years, but it's built like a fucking tank, and is still ticking right along. Slightly mobile desktop is a great way to describe it. When it inevitably dies, I'm not sure if I'll buy a new one (with the requisite full-sized-ish cards mentioned in this article, of course), or just build a desktop. For like 95% of the times I've used the thing, I could have gotten by with a desktop. But man, the 5% of the time where I want it to be mobile... it's pretty nice."
"red team blue team, good cop bad cop..They are 2 sides of the same coin. Said by former cia director under REPUBLICAN Ronald Reagan."
"God this is fucking incredible, that last one had me in bits. LFC fans reacted to the 0-3 | Paddy Power"
Shhh I'm hiding from my responsibilities College done not so right.
#SOLAR SYSTEM WORLD*
"If you're blindly being assaulted by the NYPD, resisting arrest should not be a felony but your duty to resist! NYPD wants to make ""resisting arrest"" into a felony"
"09900-64015-85267-90715 Alright, thanks."
"I thought so but I'm just saying, it's 100% fueled by the player. I was joking"
"ive seen the hype about this game but ive never played a star wars game in my life, so can anyone give me a tldr on what this game is? Star Wars: Battlefront system requirements, download more RAM required."
Gib 1st good set for Underlord that makes him feel like a real lord.
"It's the religion of peace. It's okay guys, it's their *culture*."
Taking the mayhem approach Fat bastard weighed 24 pounds over yesterday. The fuck can his weight be perfect?
"just go to a store and pick out what you like if it has a giant price tag don't buy it don't always buy ralph lauren everything because then that's how you turn yourself into just impressing the people around you when in reality there's probably clothing better/equal to it for the same price or lower no seriously just look also fyi it's not about the brand it's about the style :D you can either go on streetwear subreddit and dress like you do now or go on the mens fashion advice subreddit and they'll help you better How to dress decent without spending a ton? So I want to start dressing better but I'm broke as fuck. Right now I pretty much wear the same thing everyday, a plain color shirt and dark jeans. I feel like this is the most basic way to dress. I'm a bigger guy so I feel like skinny jeans wouldn't work but I honestly don't know the first thing about fashion. Anyone have any suggestions?"
Yeah i never liked LiveLoveA$AP till i heard it high haha. aww dude I fucking love A$AP. He's a completely different experience when you're high though. Peso is otherworldly...
"Has anybody else noticed the number of pro-Russian users that have shown up in the past month or so? Save the dramatics, this is nothing but partisan politics. Obama feels like his legacy is under attack, and he's embarrassed that Trump got elected after 8 years of Obama. He even said he would consider it an insult to his legacy if Trump won."
"that'd just be weird Why doesn't she just paint the bottom, too?"
"This works, I don't know why he's being down voted. You can sharpen disposable blades on a pair of jeans and make them last 5 times longer."
There's no dystopian future under capitalism only a dystopian present.. Vaporwave The aesthetic of an inevitable dystopian future caused by capitalism.
"It became a thing last May but only became a possibility once Canelo won the WBC title in November Can someone tell me when the GGG-Canelo hype became a thing? When did people start speaking up they should fight because ""their styles are going to be so interesting to watch""?"
"BKB stops blademail damage. blademail is puredmg, wont do anything but waist a BKB charge."
Possibly varicose veins in his forehead. Can someone explain what's going on with him? Why is he so veiny? It's hard to look at.
He re-signed last year for 5 years. 1 year left in his contract is there not?
"He knows nothing about pizza. Well dubs, I hate to break it to you, but we will never be an item then. Sorry, my love for pineapple pizza is just too great."
"They're basically pussy-fied black panthers at this point. And BLM has claimed responsibility for the Civil Rights movement. But then again, when you've accomplished absolutely nothing, you have to pad your resume somehow."
Toure for CM and Willian for RW Free-kick hero ? Any great free-kick guy who are CM or RW ?
I don't think you understand how opinions work They know who they are...they just want to keep up the phony Reddit opinion that The Bing Bang Theory is awful.
"AKA ""dropping mitts on that pussy"" Did I screw this up, could she think I'm a predator? We were in class this afternoon and I kind of put my hand on her lap for a few seconds. I don't know what happened, it was a sort impulse. This has happened before with another girl years ago, and it was down to me really liking her."
here This is the Wetware thread. Reply here to be Entered.
"She's gone, dammit and you can't prax her back It might be able to bring her back..."
link? he posted a video swinging them.
"That is just extra protein escaping without being fully utilized, I recommend trapping it with your hands and reabsorb it through your nasal cavity. Where's the part about protein farts?"
Shh bby it's ok Please tell me you didn't copy and paste this from somewhere.
"Please, visit this subreddit more often and let your wisdom shine and bring enlightenment upon us mere conservative dummies. There was once a time when conservatives had good arguments and solid facts. This was during the 60s and 70s. Progressives during that period were snarky, ideologically pure to their beliefs and occasionally promoted violence. As a result the term ""liberal"" became a swear word. Now the situation is reversed. It is progressives who have good arguments and solid facts while conservatives are going insane. Revolution is spoken of in conservative circles now. There are plenty of reasons for this. 1. The failure of supply side economics to promote growth and equity while simultaneously creating massive deficits. The problem of Federal budget deficits started under Reagan, and has continued to this day. 2. The failure to accept climate science consensus on global warming. Back in the 1980s conservatives were not yelling ""conspiracy"" about the ozone layer and, under Reagan and Bush and continued after the 94 Republican revolution, laws banning CFCs were enforced. There is a good chance that this move saved the planet (the hole in the ozone layer is slowly returning to normal). 3. The fame of Bachmann and Palin. There are so many errors in their understanding of history and economics that it is just plain embarrassing. 4. The desire for small government is so hard an ideological belief that proponents have forgotten recent history in the mistaken belief that the Democrats are responsible for the size of government and the current deficit. Especially since 2001, Republicans have hardly reined in spending and created deficits from tax cuts. Now Conservatives want smaller government but it was the Republican party that failed to shrink the size of government when it had the chance. 5. The desire for small government also alienates US conservatism from conservatives around the world who have no desire to attack universal health care or gut public education. Minarchism is so entrenched amongst conservatives these days that anything apart from military spending, law enforcement and the legal system is fair game to be removed. If you want to go minarchist, fine, but remember that it is *an extreme position* and not one promoted or experienced by the founders, nor throughout US history."
"Not the candidate we need, but the candidate we deserve. Well, at least somebody is doing it."
"I just don't see the NFL uploading ""Amari Cooper warming up"" videos like they do with Beckham Will Amari Cooper be marketed like OBJ if he continues to produce? Would OBJ brand be as commercial if he wasn't on a New York team?"
Favorite fan theory- Theon Durden Least favorite fan theory- Sansa is the YMBQ (Spoilers Main) What's your favorite fan theory?
You're off by about 13 grand. Are you really calling a Golf GTI a lower range model? That car starts at 38.000 dollars.
He is very impressive for an 18 year old. True. He also plays a very physical game despite how small he is right now. Just imagine him growing into the player he's meant to be.
"Gets Internet karma, duh. Forgive my ignorance but what does this thing ""do"" exactly?"
"Damn, I should start using this! Some salesman comes to door and you tell him/her.....shit to do, talk later"
"You just hit a major sore spot There's no point for them to support AMD, 80+ percent of users are on nvidia. I'd rather they focus on getting their build stable for the majority of users first."
"Are you constipated though? ""I just watched this and dont remember the song"" Pretty spot on"
"I prefer - Unconditional Basic Standard Income. Basic Income should be Occupy's new rallying cry I've been thinking long and hard about how to get BI off the ground, and it seems to me that the one thing we lack is widespread support from the general public... in short we don't have enough voices. OWS fell into obscurity after its initial boom not because it was prevented from growing, but because it didn't have a *cohesive* message... it lacked a strong ideal in favour of the ""everyone's opinion matters and should be given equal airtime"" approach.... if it had a core message, it was most certainly ""income disparity exists, and is bad, mkay?""... but not everyone agreed on that (some people felt that was ""too socialist"" a message), and there was never any plausible solution to rally behind... I'd say that any movement that serves to identify a problem without proposing any decent solutions is doomed to fail... particularly once it's been infiltrated with people that don't really care about the problem at the core of the movement, and have ""solutions"" that would only serve to make the problem worse. Now, it seems to me that Basic Income was the solution OWS didn't have a grasp on at the time. The BI education movement started after the OWS movement had lost steam.... and now we're two separate (but often overlapping) groups with the same goal. The difference between us is that the BI movement has a *really good plan* while OWS still to this day has a *lot* of supporters that we haven't managed to tap into yet. So, I propose a question: What will in take to re-invigorate Occupy with Basic Income as its core mantra?"
"I'll be happy to be able to still get insurance, without the marketplace I can't afford any. No, we weren't, but we'll be getting paid less now."
"There was a guy on reddit who said sucking friend dick is favor. I don't think massaging someone's shoulder's is gay, it's more of a favor."
"You don't want to run a business on bitcoins, it is way too volatile. With bitcoin you can require multiple signatures to access the coins. I know its not a viable currency at the moment but maybe in a few year when it gains popularity."
"Mid parts 11, side parts 5! 1903 New York American League Highlanders"
yeah but there's a difference (to me at least) in the daughter wanting it done so that SHE can have kids and the mother wanting to do it so SHE can have her daughter's kids... Doesn't the article say that the daughter wanted it to be done though? I'm not saying it's a good idea but she's not just randomly snatching eggs.
"...not at the expense of ignoring your date.... Shoot the shit with the staff I always take my dates to places where I'm a regular. When everyone knows your name, it makes you look like a latter-day Sinatra."
Sharon's whiter grew up there it was like the whitest place ever
true but tbf we gotta give credits to Celtic mid fielders they are playing very well. Very un-ManCity like first half. They allow Celtic run over mid-field to create chances too easily. And defenders just boot the ball away under pressure. Luckily their attacking third is still amazing.
"# STUCK (I agree though, it needs to be more noticeable) Cleanse needs a full-screen visual effect like Invulnerability and Stasis The only thing more frustrating than getting stunlocked or moshed is watching an ally get cleansed and do nothing with it (or worse, walk back into it). Cleanse needs an on-screen visual effect and sound effect to get people moving. The little ""Unstoppable"" isn't enough for most players, in my experience."
"Oh ok i actually knowed what they were, but i was thinking to something in game they're the little doodads some guys have by their name"
"Unmodified by x2 and Premium? By the looks of that i totally just won a Type 59...i think...i had a 2,599 in my Batchat"
"You are forgetting how Picolo went toe to toe with android 17, at the time he was the strongest one of the z-fighters (excluding trunks and vegeta in the time chamber). The other one is that I would have liked to have seen Piccolo utilized in better fashion. He's one of the coolest and more powerful characters in the entire franchise, but in the end he basically amounts to errand boy for the Saiyans. He's even worse off than Vegeta. Not only does everything he does in order to help defeat a villain amount to nothing, but he doesn't even get any decent victories in DBZ. At least Vegeta got victories over a handful of lesser villains, and was instrumental in the defeat of Cell. You could say that Piccolos' greatest victory came through Gohan beating Cell since he did train Gohan as a child, but that's only by extension. I feel like Piccolo was a missed opportunity in DBZ. Just think about how badass a Piccolo/Vegeta story arc could be!"
ITT: People assume this was for Nicole and not Britney. Lewis doesn't even care anymore
"Stealing If you could have complete immunity from one kind of illegal act for the rest of your life, what would it be?"
"Take your own advice and don't post this shit on reddit. i also hate playing against fizz in ranked, so maybe i should stop playing the game? if you have a shitty comment in mind then don't post it."
"OH WHAT SUPERSTITION MY GOODNESS No thanks to Doc. ""Braden Holtby has stopped every shot tonight after shutting out the Bruins in their first two meetings."" ""Braden Holtby has been perfect against the Bruins this year."" ""Something something shutout something something."""
"You mean, like the person mentioned in the article? Saw a documentary that interviewed someone in exactly PotRoastPotato's situation. The guy went to prison for some stupid lawn rules until a few nice neighbours redid the lawn up to the stupid regulations. St. Augustine grass is tropical but is native to marshlands where there is a lot of water. What a waste."
We'll trade Victor Cruz for some picks. But Ripkooooooooowski doesn't roll off the tongue as well as Kuuuuuuuuuuuhn :(
Finding one that's unmodded is the real challenge. I was thinking about getting one but they're insanely expensive and hard to find *and* the risk of a moron fucking up your car is too high.
"I might be wrong, but I used to have a Thaumic Scoop with Silk Touch (enchanted it like you do with vanilla shears) back in the days of 1.6.4 and that did the trick. Is there a way to ""silk touch"" bee hives? I am playing modded Minecraft in 1.7.10 with a self-made mod pack. As the title implies I'm wondering if there is a way to acquire a bee hive, from the Forestry mod, as a placeable item. This is both for decorational purposes in a bee related build but also to put as a filter in a Digital Miner to search for more bees. I have most of the popular mods for 1.7.10 but I would not mind adding a mod for this purpose alone. I know I can cheat it in to set the filter but I am not interested in that solution. Thankful for any tips!"
You really should stop aging your child by months once they pass the 2 year mark 60 month old pumpkin
Moyes was the king's fool in this scenario I didnt realize Old Trafford had a moon door
"Used market is useless in my country, people only sell gt series and low end cards 950 over 750ti. personally I would go amd over nvidia most of the times. See what you can get second hand if possible, i got a cheap 7870 a while ago"
"Thanks, I have added it. The press release mentions the removal of fares for children under 12 in the very first paragraph but doesn't have it in the list of ""new investments"". You should include that point somewhere for this megathread."
He sounds like Kermit the Frog. How to Decode a QR Code by Hand
"It's a big city. Meh, I don't think there is much harm in it depending where you live. If it's a big city, telling them you live there instead of ""I don't feel comfortable telling you"" is a good way to break the ice and make both parties more comfortable getting to know each other. However, if it's a small town and you know the other person lives nearby, I'd be a bit more cautious."
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh Settle down Tina
"Our ""taxes"" go to unregulated insurance companies and we dont even get much in return except the highest pharmaceutical costs in the world That is already part of the ACA. If you don't have healthcare you get a penalty. That is why the Supreme Court ruled that ACA is a tax. Yet, when Hillary talks about Bernie's single-payer healthcare plan she calls it ""a tax"", but she forgets she wants to preserve Obamacare, which is a tax."
Was just an IG comment to Fergie. Is this a hint?
"Oh sorry I'll have to look out for her No, I mean the readhead one."
CHOPSTICKS FOR CHEETOS I DIDN'T KNOW OTHERS DID THIS Oscar Isaac is my spirit animal
"It's completely fair, sex is a basic human need and a huge part of most relationships especially at that age. I get what your saying. I just don't think it's fair to dump a girl just because she doesn't put out. Douchebags like that are the reason women think that all men are pigs."
"ITT: Everyone is insecure in social settings, you're not the only one like that. What is your biggest fear within a social setting?"
"This is the same stuff Hitler used on the Jews, no one has survived it yet... I'll see you in hell, you fucking bastard. What's the best thing for a surgeon to say to a patient before putting him to sleep?"
"Holy shit, I've never not been a rapist :/ And if you don't have sex with her, you're a rapist."
#BringBackEricStein BB18 in a nutshell (at least the televised version)
"Oh don't worry about it, you're just another customer. What is the most subtle insult?"
"It's okay, normality restored, he's on his ass again. A third down conversion? My God. They say miracles don't exist."
"I feel like this arguement will have zero winners ""Half my genes are from you, the other half are from the best you could do."""
One of the few places you can get if you want to be that close to the shark signs. They rent them?
Holy shit toomeirlformeirltoorealirlforme TooMeIrlForMeIrl
"Hot dogs. What food that ""everyone likes"" do you not like?"
Co poisoning It's unlikely you can be in a coma yet conscious and awake.
Summer break as a child. What one thing do you want to experience again for the first time?
Arnold Schwarzenegger: arnoldschnitzel What are some Snapchat accounts worth adding?
"Nope I said this before, this Paul hate she has won't matter if Paul or her win HOH next week. The sitting ducks will beguile her and she will work with them over Nicorey. You act like Nat doesn't flip flop multiple times a day and that she'll remain this way until next week."
"RIP larry, gone but never forgotten (for the rest of the week) Larry the Goldfish Dead RIP"
Well that's convenient. But I'm already home
Me too and listen to game chat Sounds fun. I kind of want to try this with some friends now.
"It happens, I usually wouldnt want to risk taking that long to line up a molly Why would they push palace through smoke, that's an instadeath"
Maybe this finally makes people realize why movements like PEGIDA are so desperatley needed. 'Shots fired' at French magazine HQ
"Enjoying 2nd? Well, gee, if a stand-up comedian says so, it must be true!"
Not yet. This new OG team is better than coL/EG
"If anybody is serious about this, I do graphical design part time and could help, maybe. I have been watching a lot of documentaries about war and propaganda. I feel that we should be fighting back with our own propaganda."
Do you cover your genitals? Yet she is still wearing the slave outfit.
rip next expansions hype no expansion can be hyped without that voice. Chris Metzen is retiring
"It was pretty bad during the GFC, but when we finally have a real recession it will be a shitstorm. Thanks for the answer. If these planners are as bad as you say, just wait until you guys get your first recession in living memory down there..."
"Someone queue the McGuire's Irish Pub bathroom signs. I guess if it has a urinal, it's the wrong one?"
"Aye, and preferably that isn't potato quality... Anyone got a decent alternative angle?"
"Error code: CE-36329-3 I've encountered an error that keeps freezing my PS4 system. Recently, I bought the Rocket League theme, and when I tried to go change it, the PS4 freezes, then goes back to the main menu. This did t happen before, but ever since the latest software update, the themes are freezing my PS4."
"Pair pe kulhadi maroge, woh bhi baar baar.... toh tereko rokega kaun? Bahaya harami doosron ki pareshan dekh ker khush hota hai, aur opar se brag bhi karta hai. Ghatiya shakhs."
"or like... sonic wave from resonating strike? That's a great idea, I might try this out to see how it lays out when I get home! :D"
"Well, worst case scenario, he marries her and tries and gets too physical with her... I don't see it ending well for him. Ronda Rousey dating Travis Browne, who gained notoriety recently after images surfaced showing that he used to beat his now estranged wife."
Bros before hos What are some unwritten rules/expectations in a strong friendship?
"Yeah, and Bangalore has been very batting friendly for a long time now. Mumbai's been very batting friendly for some time now"
"In what world is 66% an 100% chance? So basically, Hillary has it in the bag. Thank Christ."
"Why is Europa Universalis 3 under ""Industrial Age"" over the renaissance? Which game should I play?"
"I think he must know, his disappearance was needed for the plot's sake. (Spoilers All) The more I watch episode 1 of the HBO series the more I'm convinced Episode 1, Winter is Coming, gives us our first (and one of the few) looks at Benjen Stark. He rides into Winterfell to the sound of Jon hacking away at the practice dummy with his sword. Jon eventually asks him to take him with him when he returns to the wall, hoping to join the Night's Watch and become a man. Benjen then says the words that I've been pondering over and over, trying to decide if he knows a certain secret. He says, in response to Jon saying he didn't care about having a family, fathering sons, ""You might, if you know what it meant."" The look he gives Jon and the way he says it convinces me that Benjen knew who Jon is. I know R+L=J is just about canon here, and I'm not trying to add to that, but am convinced that Benjen knew about Lyana and Raegar and joined the Night's Watch out of guilt, guilt over Lyana's death, and his belief that he was partly responsible for everything that came of Lyana and Raegar's relationship. I know fully believe Benjen is doing penance for helping Lyana escape with Raegar, leading to the war and her death. Thoughts on the scene? Do you think he's saying more than he's saying?"
"Yes, but why have you in the playoff at all then? I understand this logic, the winner always loses the rematch."
He may have also wanted to die. It really says something about the U.S. prison system when a man who was on death row commits suicide after finding out his sentence was changed to life and was being transferred to general population
"The faster you go, the less you need to move. I don't understand how the cheap guitar peripheral can handle this kind of abuse."
"But he'll have to play farming simulator for 4 hours... If you're in the tree longer than 2 hours you're both fucking stupid cause you could have already watched a movie. So here's my advice: Get in the tree, then immediately jump out, lose your bet, watch his movie, then watch yours. Now instead of risking sitting in a tree for fucking hours, you got to sit on a couch and watch a movie that may not have been your first choice but it's still better than SITTING IN A FUCKING TREE. Alternatively, if you really want to win the bet, just bring a rope and tie one end around the branch and the other around your neck. That way you can doze off and take a nap and be sure that you'll still be in the tree!"
The Dictator I don't get it.
"I'd say Mike Patton is a legend, especially in the ""mainstream underground"". If that's the criteria, Mike Patton should certainly be a fucking legend."
"I'm not your friend, buddy! Grade A+ Canadian* Amirite friend?"
"Why didn't you stop him during the moulding stage? Counsellor here! Last year I saw I kid pick a turd out of their butt crack, mould it into a cube and then eat it. By the way"
"God forbid that a business provides opportunities for those in difficult situations to make a living, instead of harming their community by resorting to criminal acts in order to survive. Felons, addicts, immigrants: This bakery will hire anyone"
Yes and the economy is doing fine in those places if not better has that not been happening already?
I assume when you've won 1 of 11 Championship matches you tend to not care. Spent six years as Birmingham City boss. How do Villa fans feel about this one?
"Implying that CFA volunteers do nearly half as much as UFU firefighters who are near constantly on staff Yeah, it's pretty bad how those volunteers keeping stealing business away from the paid firefighters by undercutting them on price and doing it for free."
"Not entirely sure sure if this is what you mean, but I like Into the night by Santana and Chad Krieger. Dancing in the moon light songs It seems every song ive heard about dancing at night or under the stars or under the moon light is very catchy. I was wondering if you could help me identify more songs sung about that so I can make a great night dancing playlist. Thanks for any help"
NSFW (m) Not Safe For Washing machines
But how much beer did you guzzle? So did you have any luck. We just drove 6 hours to Norther WI to ice fish for a couple days. 25 hours of fishing and all we got was 3 small blue gill and 1 small crappie.
"You're essentially like... the real Kakashi Hatake, but as Deadpool. Show you guys my face? Well, I probably won't post up a picture of it online (people seem to be drawn by the who mystery of it all). But yeah, if I'm at a convention like... eating a taco or something and I have my mask off, I can't really do anything about it."
Smuckers What's your favorite brand of jelly?
Luck pulls an Orlovsky in memory :'( Anyone else think that it's funny that your best case scenario includes a safety?
To bad I always lose them BIC mechanical pencils.
"It's missing one of of our starters idk why but, yea not too pretty. Jesus the Chargers"
"I love that I can hear her voice, mmmmm sexy sexy Kristen Schaal Shopping Spree!"
"why? Oh, I don't believe that at all."
shut up cracka Because NigNogs.
"You and me both, brother. Need vid"
"Why add something that's already i the game, just have faith with rngesus Prayer Book of RNGesus"
I'm actually fine with mine. You can give up a certain amount length for an equal amount of girth and vice versa. How would you modify your penis? Example: Give up an inch of length for an extra inch of girth.
"Ubaldo Jimenez, I want to hit dongs. If vr baseball came out what pitcher would you like to face first? I would pick bumgarner"
"Kelly's clothes look very Rainbow to me, like mass produced trendy stuff a young girl would wear once. Are you serious? Most of Kellys designs look cheap and over design. Theres like only two good or memorable pieces in there. Also enough with the triangles. By far the most overrated contestant in this sub."
I guess since she will make more money than he or his family will make combined it's safe to say money cannot buy class. When Leftists Attack
Along with Serge Ibaka that's two people Stephen Jackson said he would fight and won't actually fight. Stephen Jackson says he has to go fight Jalen Rose
"I know it is really big map, and there still skellige. I think my big moment was when I got out of White Orchard, and I clicked on Velen, and it zoomed me into the map. I scrolled out... and out... and out... and *are you fucking kidding me, how big is this map?!*"
"Maybe Aiden has Glaucoma I think you can turn off the depth of field in the game settings, unless you want it but it was just too much with the mod."
"If it were easy, you'd be a waste of resources. As someone who is hired by the public to do so, it still isn't easy. I am not saying it is hard until you are trained. I am saying you can train and it is still hard."
"Mental children are still children, right? ""CHILDREN NEED THIS SHOW!"" Ok, then stop watching it yourself."
"Just curious, have you been gaining /losing weight during this time? I have been trying to get better at pull ups for a while now and over the course of a year I get up to about 6-7 and I get stuck there. I was wondering if anyone else has hit this plateau and if they have any tips to overcome it. Any help would be greatly appreciated."
"CLG needs to get shit on by the community to play well haha. spoilers THE FAITH SHALL BE REWARDED Come on guys ... why are we going back to TILT MODE.... i have been a fan of CLG from the hotshotgg days,actully the reason i stopped playing Diablo 2 Hc LLD and MLD, but anyways The reason we have the title The Faith shall be rewarded IS because we have to Trust in our team... this is the start of a new season new patch with no practice, while our boys were slaying koreans people were adapting to the new style... give them a break they deserve it WE SHALL BE REWARDED..... HAVE FAITH"
"I would have gotten arrested before being kicked out of my own home. I'm guessing the apartment/home wasn't in your name? Otherwise fuck that. You were wronged and now you have to relocate? Fuck that again, she can go stay with her other man, for serious."
"I don't get it, where does it say pixels? Do the cables come with high quality pixels?"
"Keep being yourself, don't ""change"" when I come I don't want to be ""entangled"" with you."
Did Obama and Kerry lecture them about time running out? Abbas: No recognition of Israel as Jewish state
Godammit Jeff! Ironically we started 2-3 last year with Peyton.
A secondary vote? Yeah and a vote was called when people left.
"What is the general consensus among the people? Yes, the judge probably did give as lenient a sentence as possible. The main anti-choice group in NI have indicated that they intend to appeal the sentence as they feel it should be harsher. There's virtually no chance of Northern Ireland's Assembly changing this law. The DUP, a very Christian party, will use a Petition of Concern to block any reform, Sinn Fein only took a pro choice stance last year, the SDLP are firmly anti-choice, and the Ulster Unionists and Alliance allow a free vote for their MLAs (effectively making their stance one of anti-choice)."
"Literally the only resemblance this guy has to Walcott is that he's black. pretty good, Theo Walcott"
Butter is the best butter imo Apple butter is the only butter
"I can't come out of the closet, the closets locked After Christmas, will the lights go back in the closet? Or will they stay out?"
"What about vehicle sensitivity and mouse DPI? Months (years now I guess?) ago I was in the US top 20 in the Scout, played against a lot of the really good Scout pilots...they all used M+KB. I could easily fly through/around inside of most of the buildings in the game with M+KB. The AH is a bit more clumsy but can still move well enough, the guy in the .GIF isn't really doing any ""crazy"" flying...just go to the Test Range and mess around until you learn how to hold altitude/aim while flying a circle around the building there. It doesn't take long. Control wise I always used standard controls, with pitch up bound to space bar for when I do a diving strafe on infantry...that way I can just drill the space bar and pull out of the dive, rather than going nose first right into the ground."
Obamacare is the same as Romneycare. So you're saying the GOP invented **Obama**care. Explain.
I could say the same thing about you. I'm not sure you know what dendrophilia means
"That's pretty fucked up. It's a common song in ultras culture, they also sang this in soccer match in Italy"
"Oh come on dude, im not gonne be wearing my eyepro in the staging area for a picture :P You're right. ^^Still ^^not ^^safe..."
its like a big combination of forums that you can pick which ones interest you and you only see those. When someone ask you what Reddit is how do you explain it to them?
"Uh unless that person is a professional artist and those 50-100 hours could be spent working for someone who's paying them.. I'll add to this and point out that in this scenario the people doing all the rest of the work on the project aren't making money until it is successful and they are already accepting of this fact - even excited. Of course I agree with the sentiment of the comic: everyone should get paid! But by the time an artist is approached, there is already at least one person who has sunk a lot of time into a project for exactly zero dollars. From their perspective, asking someone to gamble 50-100 hours of time is nothing compared to the hundreds of hours already on the table! If either party in the strip were ""established"", this conversation would probably not even be taking place. This is a proposal from one person looking for a break to another person looking for a break with all the bidirectional risks and headaches implied."
ad TF's Q is finally useful Lulu lissandra maybe gold time TF adc
"Sweet, another Persona and MH fan! My Collection Looks A Lot Better With MH4U Up There"
"ideally we'd circle back to when employees were knowledgeable about their products, they could assist people in making the best choices, instead of just being mindless human drones swiping upc codes past a scanner, taking money and giving change What will the workforce transformation be once more jobs are turned over to automation/robotics?"
I just threw up in my mouth a little. 1997 chyna is sexiest diva in wwe history
Blazing also works Bourbon works for me.
"this could be hard for networks such as Fullscreen and their channeles like funhause and H2O, which none of them put disclosure in their videos and most of them are paid promotions. TotalBiscuit: The ins and outs of proper disclosure"
The guy and his bio are hilarious... someone's gonna tell me that's real old... Some people don't have it as easy as you...
"UNLIMITED COAL FOR EVERYONE. I'm sitting on 12 full stacks of coal and my supplies of uranium, plutonium, and solarium are beginning to blossom, so I'm fine if that did happen."
He looks like emperor Palpatine. I'd be surprised if that wasn't intentional haha.
"66k Interwebs 'cable', seriously I never use them and I have no idea what to do with a 5,6M/bit Downloadrate What do you waste money on?"
"The people who are downvoting you obviously have no clue about Keynesian economics, or any 20th century economics for that matter. Except nations aren't people and shouldn't act like such."
Prisoners of love Blue skies above Can't keep our hearts in jail! Reddit Is Fighting Trolls by Ripping off Their Badges of Honor
"Here's a pic of my 130lbs body to hold u while im gone Watch out ladies, he can cast a lvl 9 cock of infinite."
"I was going to say no, but a quick Gatherer search revealed [[Triad of Fates]], which happily is in our colours. oh that is nifty. With Skybind out, you can Rescue the Ram or the Coinsmith, target your Rider in the graveyard, get the rider and the Coinsmith in, decide the triggers, exile target permanent, then blink the Rider for another exile. Sounds filthy! are there no other blink effects besides Skybind?"
Hi dad? My dogs name is billy
"Nice :)~ Buddy of mine has an 80s era 4x4 F150 with a SC'd 351 Cleveland in it. He's got Detroit lockers on it and he can smoke up a parking lot in 4 wheel drive... It just looks like an old beat up truck. Not lifted or anything, slightly rusted body..."
This is true.... I wouldn't use that as a measure of accomplishment. I'm sure you could have just as much sex if you lowered your standards to the same level as his.
Ultros just took a good big ol' crap Servers down again? Just got logged out. Brynhildr.
"Seems like a great deal honestly: get to learn a new language, get to know the professor better, pass the class. I had an archaeology professor who offered bonus marks to any student who would volunteer to learn Cornish from him. No takers!"
"Use of anecdotal evidence aside, I'm using tourneys as a basis, not blind-pick norms. This is incorrect, I frequently see Zyra played as a mid."
"I'm still hoping for him to try out Metro 2033/Last Light, because of the story aspect he could bring to it like he did with Dishonored. Will Rythian ever play fallout? Considering his channel is full of games with deep lore and lots of customization, and that Sips kind of called dibs on the Elder scrolls, will Rythian try his hand at a game from the Fallout series? I noticed in one of the threads he said he liked New Veags, so I wonder if he'd play one of the games for us."
"Thanks, I'll give that a try. Iirc the whistling is from sharp edges on the airholes, rounding them off may fix your problem."
Fight the power fam I'm not watching it until uncensored comes out
"Well, quit crying about the world's injustices at your computer and do something about it. I never said it wasn't a fact of life. I said it is unacceptable to kill innocent people on purpose. Nice ""Oh well! We kill civilians. Deal with it"" response, though."
"I used to play Call of Duty World at War on a Christian server, mostly because you could get the admins to start proselytizing, which made them easy targets. I used to play BF2142 and hit up a ""Christian"" server once in a while. I'd get kicked the moment I said ""damn!"" in voice-chat. It was over-the-top."
Haven't had the game client crash with ACT but I've had ACT crashing if I've got the Overlay plugin enabled after the latest update to the FFXIV plugin client frequently shut down when using ACT in 3.4 Does anyone else have this problem? Occurred even after updated to 1.4.2.19
"""Hope it's not too forward"" It's always too forward. Hope it's not too forward or rude.."
"Also ninjas...I hate ninjas. The story is actually pretty rad. It's so over the top that it's like the video game equivalent of a B movie. One boss fight has you squaring off against three horrible stereotypes of Russia, China, and Japan on top of a gigantic hotel-casino."
Leto package on helium 7 I thought it was just me. What server are you on?
You're welcome About that sidebar pic you guys chose after last Sunday. It's been a couple of days now and I still get a bit of a LOL after seeing it. Something about seeing EJ on top of the train just cracks me up. Thanks for keeping it classy!
"Uganda, Russia, Iran... I'm gay. What country are you afraid to visit, and why?"
I coughed so hard that boiling liquid steel erupted out of me in burning torrents of doom. I laughed so hard I started coughing
"omg someone didn't like clannad I guess I think it's bad now. Clannad is actualy a bad anime Clannad is well known for being the ""Saddest anime to date"". Well I dont think so, this is because I had no emotional attachment to the main characters. The only good characters were Tomoyo and Kyou. The series was really boring. Only the OVAs were any good at all."
"True, he probably does considering he's having trouble getting out of Masters. im pretty sure nightblue does considering he reported qtpie for it"
"""Thanks to our innovative policies the Harper government that legalized reefer has seen the biggest surplus in Canada's history!"" It's just a matter of time at this point. Harper crows loud for his base of social conservatives who still think refer madness was a documentary, but after the election.... I bet he'll be interested in the tax revenue"
He's got a pretty nasty right hand though. Chavez? He just relentlessly stalked. Maybe Wlad with his jab and grab. No body shots and no uppercuts.
But it do. Keep it healthy
I've also had success with diatomaceous earth(food grade) and recommend it. Personally I've used a combo of Biospot on my baseboards and diatomaceous earth on my fabrics/carpet. That that worked really well for me.
"Yea progress! Only until 8 pm. And not young women in their 20s, they can't drive."
"The cops that beat rodney king should have used this defense. Yes everyone, remember ladies are fragile creatures so u must gently tap or bop them on the head so as to not hurt them but let them know you mean business."
I should watch The Wire again. A crowd gathering in Union Square caught my attention. The kid won.
"This is what you get when you make a big issue out of manspreading. Excuse me, would you mind not sitting like that please? Thanks."
*Feeds Tem flakes* *Keks forgot his other attack.*
I love my s6 edge but the battery is terrible so if that is a deal breaker look at the G4 or note4 S6 or G4? Also thinking about note 4... What do you guys say? I've been using a windows phone for two years now and i fell out of the android loop ...
"Then the movie won't reach the people it needs to reach. he should just release it in netflix, google movies and other paid streaming sites."
"That makes two of us then! I wish, that would mean I was very wealthy! Unfortunately, I'm just some common dumbass that knows how to press buttons on a computer keyboard :/"
Canadian sports network What's TSN?
"I hate that I can only see it 3 hours away Tickled (2016) --- A journalist intends to document an international tickling competition for kicks. Instead, he finds a bizarre and even threatening world created by a bully with deep pockets."
"Thank you, I think I'll man up and go to the health department. You're 17 and you need to face your responsibilities. You have to get tested. Call a LGBT organization and ask them where you can go. You don't have to tell your mother. If you have a friend who you can trust, ask them to come with you. Don't take those things lightly."
#JUST CUCK MY SHIT UP FAM Obama Sets Memorial Day To Start Flood Of Syrian Rapefugees - Thanks Vets!
I have an MSI Krait board Do you happen to have an asus motherboard?
"I disagree with that assertion, as it appears to assume that the only thing setting intersex people apart from other are their genitals. I'm sure there's one somewhere who might identify as a third gender, but in most cases people born intersex identify one way or the other. Scientifically an intersex person is really Just either a male or female born with sexual defects"
"In all fairness, let's just see how he plays before we mock the article so heavily... Yeah that is so true. We should have kept our golden boy Danny who has been terrorising the league and scored a fantastic 19 league goals in 3 years instead of that pleb Falcao who only scored a meagre 63 league goals in the past 3 years. Wtf were LVG and Woodward thinking?"
"He is the right man for that job Valet at Disney hotel got me twice. I called down from my room to have my car brought around. Valet Scott answered the phone and asked for my ticket number. I said ""one second"" and he goes ""One thousand *one*. TIMES UP!"". I chuckled, and continued digging through my wallet. After a moment I said ""Just bear with me"" He immediately goes ""ROAAAAAR!!"""
"Yay so happy for you! Good morning! I've made it to week 6! I feel so excited, but still nervous with lack of symptoms. We went to see La La Land last night. You guys. It was SO good. I want to see it again and buy the soundtrack. Even DH loved it,and he whined the whole way there. I hope everyone had more exciting NYE plans than we do. We're going to our favorite steakhouse for dinner, with our forever single bachelor friend, and knowing me, I'll get tired before midnight and want to come home."
Do you know *any* Muslim at all? I think we should accept and appreciate the fact that some Muslims blow themselves up in violent acts of torture. I believe We should welcome them into the fold.
"Some House of Cards shit That Boris Johnson only supported Brexit because thought it would be best for his political career. Turned out he actually didn't believe in Brexit, even wrote an article against Brexit but the fucker actually went and won the referendum. Cameron's out of the hot seat and Boris is plotting his next move to be Prime Minister. Total fucking cunt"
Even better. Jerry Sloan over both those guys. There's a reason his number is one of four retired by the franchise.
"If/when they do build a stadium they have to put Nippert back how it was (if UC wants them to at the time) Twist on the twist -- next month, they release renderings of the new stadium they want to build."
"She's been banned from twitter on numerous occasions if it's the person I think it is. Christine Teigen demonstrating a strong understanding of ""Freedom of Speech"""
"Hey they mean something to us! These fall under the ""Kind-of-meaningless-but-feel-good"" category of statistics. I like these."
"I've been saying for years that McDonalds coke is better than any other coke in the US and this apparently is why. McDonald's recipe for Coke is unique, and their straws are a patented design."
I would argue that his miracles supported his divinity and to take them out is to basically take Christianity's whole reason for existing away. The Jesus seminar are / were big on Jesus' teachings. They only questioned the miracles so that's not quite the same thing IMO.
thats what vac is for If overwatch is only for blatant hackers How do we catch non blatant hackers?
"Nice, but where was the part where Tinkerbell was a jerk? Why I love being a Park Ranger"
"Almost like there's different people with different opinions on Reddit... *Reddit on law enforcement:* ""I hate cops. All cops are corrupt assholes."" *officer comments about how they are pro-legalizing marijuana* ""Thank you for what you do, officer! Stay safe!"" **2 HOURS LATER** ""I hate cops."""
Let me sing you a song about statistics and outliers... Unless an OSU fan murders a fellow OSU fan for not being sad enough over a loss to Michigan I have a hard time believing this is the greatest rivalry ever
"Hehe, upon closer inspection there is another reason why they wear those boots apart from tradition: They're able to wield medium to large boot knives. Akron Ohio Motorcycle Police stand at parade rest for fallen officer ceremony."
"My life in a nutshell ""yup, I don't even know what I'm doing here"""
"""Let me run from this train while staying on it's track"". When someone is being chased by a car. Why the fuck do they ALWAYS continue running on a straight road?! You obviously cannot outrun a car."
"I wish it could be compiled in GCC/G++ - Sucks having to install all that VS bloat. Ungoogled Chromium- A Chromium variant for removing google integration and enhancing privacy, control and transparency"
"We're so bad they don't even bother with the stats :,-/ How is that trolling"
Maids Well prostitution is a very temporary service like a taxi. Rent-a-wife is a different idea.
Considering dropping Vinatieri for Gano. Smart move. Catanzaro is expendable and Gano has a great situation this week and next.
They are just scared because they really dont have a case if trackers become obsolete (if they even ever had a case). The Motion Picture Association never has any idea what the fuck they are talking about.
Yes. So... Almost everyone is a pain in the ass to deal with?
"thats exactly where i drive, people in the left do 130, the middle lane generally does 110 and people try to pass in the middle lane doing 160 just to hit the breaks when they see the rest of the cars right ahead. This whole idea of moving over just because they are going faster is stupid. At least in Ontario on the 400s. People going over 130 just slam on the breaks over and over."
"The current state of technology has a lot more to do with this than politics at this time. Much like Spain, New Mexico, Arizona, Mexico, Ethiopia, Egypt, hell, the Middle East, South Africa, etc... Plenty of sun, and plenty of politics to keep on us oil."
"Hillary turns heel for Wreslemania ""I'm still standing"" - Hillary Clinton You're going to see that phrase everywhere. We guarantee it. - CNN"
Why is everything so shiny? A deep quote from wind waker
"The one before that, I mean. ""Sign him up, sign him up"""
Username checks out. Cucumbers. Fucking cucumber plants. They grow like there is no tomorrow. There are too many cucumbers. Halp.
"Dress sense, and a good taste in wine. Look for the one with the most glorious flag."
Going to cost more than the Dominators and not do anything new? New fatshark Dominators! these look sexy...
"Might check your bump stops, that 02 sensor location is the same on mine. It's about a 4 inch lift with an inch or so on spacers I don't think the o2 is where it was from the factory it's wayy too close to the driveshaft maybe like 5 or so inches and it's usually if I'm flexing or hitting a bump a bit too hard, shit like that"
God works in mysterious ways... such as rip currents and undertow. Man swept out to sea during Sunday morning baptism
"forks Forks FORKS NOOOOOOOOO! Do not follow any advice given to you by Cosmopolitan Magazine. If I come in the bedroom and there are ice cubes or forks or some other goofy bullshit in the staging area, my boner will vanish almost immediately."
Please don't ever assume to speak for me. The person's SO commited a crime and is being punished for it. I'll summon up some crocodile tears like you're doing.
"This makes my head, hurt. Putting commas where, they should not be"
"Even if he was making a light-hearted joke, it was made in poor taste. There is a big difference between making a joke and spitting venom like that. It served no purpose other than being highly inflammatory and now I want him to back up his words and beat me."
"Jesus Christ...! My grandma does this every year. She's 80 now, but definitely hasn't lost her touch! Happy Holidays!"
No their dogs gave up halfway here. Is the containment crew on it's way?
"I got like, 20 downvotes on that post ;-; I mean, HOW DARE YOU SAY SOMETHING I DISAGREE WITH Hey, you called us out on our shit, downvotes for you!!!"
I know one day it would be relevant Perfect username.
"I'm hoping this guy will last me four years in college... Because I don't have the money for a new one haha! Anyone not upgrading to a new phone for a long time? I acquired the OnePlus One last October (approximately 8 months ago) and I find it hard to justify purchasing a new phone. In my view, the only things that it could benefit from are getting a removable battery and OIS (optical image stabilization) for its camera. However, the battery life, although slightly deteriorated now, is still good. And the camera is quite good. The phone is still very fast, thanks to the Snapdragon CPU and the 3GB of memory. Similarly 64GB of storage ensures that I never run out of space. Honestly, the only issue I might have with the 1+1 is its size. I could see myself going to a smaller phone, like the 5.2"" Nexus 5 2015. But that's a trivial reason. I think I might be waiting until 2016 to upgrade my phone. Anyone else?"
"Given that the overwhelming majority have no desire to secede, coupled with the fact that despite what some like to pretend Texas as a state is not self-sustaining in the slightest, I doubt it. I'm pretty sure Texas would be okay with that."
Of course a Shaclone video comes up in the recommended for this TIL question mark ping is enough to troll
"2008 Kansas 2011 Coke 600 2015 Daytona 500 What races' outcomes made you the maddest/most disappointed? As a Gordon/HMS fan... - Fall, 2014 Texas - Fontana, 2014 - Spring, 2010 Martinsville - Spring, 2012 Martinsville - First Michigan race in 2013 was pathetic. Gordon crashed out in the first 10 laps in something not of his making. Johnson, Kahne, and Junior had the field completely stomped and all had tire or engine issues."
Tips start at 2:15 Improve Your KD | Top 10 Tips
"I was only just introduced to the original (finished season one about a week ago) and my friend who had me watching it said ""you don't need to watch it anymore, this one makes more sense anyway."" Is it important to remember everything about the original/old series to enjoy this one?"
"Jokes are just truth in a form we can deal with without getting depressed I highly doubt he's legitimately afraid, just trying to make an NSA joke but that's old news."
"...still going with the iron cross Yes, this one is called a roundel. But sometimes aircraft insignias are not round and thus not roundels. Also, 'aircraft insignia' is more descriptive than 'roundel'."
"Okay, that is a fair criteria! Your name has to start with an L, and end in ewis Hamilton."
"Focus on building the roster, competent booking, part timers putting over the new guys instead of each other, KO looking competent, Roman either dropping the US Title or getting away from the main event scene and fighting the midcard guys who need a title to go after, Gallows and Anderson getting a huge push, some NXT call-ups, and less filler crap. What would make RAW must watch TV for you again? For me, when KO won the title, it felt special and made me want to tune in again. But obviously LOLWWECREATIVE happened. So what permanent changes would make you want to watch every week?"
It's a farfetched cry to say Fox News is Journalism. Moral of the story? Don't let uneducated people do journalism.
"Not really, but it's still nerfed from what it was before. Didn't they fix the heat issues?"
"it was broken many time, the whole building was reinforced including the wood and the chest While I know this has been argued thousands of times, don't let the ""did you reinforce your chests?"" Comments deter you from handling this situation as you see fit. An act against your nation, while maybe not a bannable offense, is still an act against your nation. Handle this situation in your own way. I'll let you know if we see this person in game."
"No, I don't think any reasonable person thinks that indoctrinating children with any sort of non-abusive religion is child abuse. Indoctrinating children with religious beliefs is child abuse?? Letting your children get fat is also child abuse. What other widely accepted behaviors in society is also child abuse?"
Those are caused by lots of nursing and not lack of bras. i can't seem to find it but the picture of the report with the tribal women and they're all topless leads me to disagree with you.
Plumbers putty The hard part will be putting them together on a wall...not going to put 60 nails in my wall. If you have any ideas please tell!
"Atherosclerosis We do have the best cheeseburgers, don't we? :)"
"Snyder - ""I'm not leaving until I'm dead"" What NFL headline about your team or favorite player would give you a heart attack?"
'so Threeway' is actually part of the original quote! Philosophical
Fucking wizards man... Physics? Who needs it..
"Colonial settlements seem to be a response to nearly everything including the sun rise. Israel has given the final go-ahead to build nearly 1,500 homes in Jewish settlements, saying the construction was a response to the formation of the Palestinian unity government backed by the Islamic militant group Hamas."
"oh dude,that's so freaking cute!amazing job. Hey, I'm new (sorta) to the sub, and an aspiring artist... so drew a dorky nightmare freddy for you all!"
"I think Gwyn and his knights were throwing lightning spears before they got nerfed though... But jokes aside, I get your thinking, I tried lightning as well. I mean, Gwyn and his knights killed a shitton of dragons with lightning bolts, so I thought that was the puzzle and threw a bunch of Lightning Spear miracles at him out of a nook."
Thanks. I hope you have a nice day away!
I have no idea what or what he doesnt c ompartmentalizes. You think he compartmentalizes his biases such that they only affect him outside of work? If have more faith if I didn't assume some level of bias in most LE given the disparities in things like weed arrests in our state.
Literally That would be dump. Some people can get really angry about something like this and can literary stalk somebody.
"Then they act like the victims when they come outside and they're being towed\ticketed. Snowcat and his buddies are at the library, guys."
[Gets turned on by potatoes] More like C-ASS-ca amirite? ^I'll^be^leaving^now
But every frame that Mario is on screen is replaced with the entire godfather trilogy But every SD is replaced with the entire Melee intro
"You may as well be saying ""as far as I'm concerned the whole murder/infanticide issue isn't anyone's business other than those involved."" Government overreach anyone? As far as I'm concerned the whole abortion issue isn't anyone's business other than those involved."
All good my man. Even content would be nice. Thanks chief.
very true...I idiotically reached for DeMarco on the way out over Forte and Jeremy Hill (I'm an Eagles fan and had faith he would have a great year...hoping that he delivers this week). Grabbing Julio rd. 1 and getting CJA on the way back eases the pain somewhat
"I wouldn't say he's much better on defense. Ok, he was last year, not this year. But he averaged six more points then Wiggins last year, two more assists, and is much better on defense. I think you're confusing potential with current ability."
"Cardiovascular disease. What is the most shitty thing about becoming an adult? Just hit me today, that I am now an adult. Now reflecting on changes on myself since a child, and missing the dreams I once had mainly about the power of love. What does everybody else reckon is the most shitty thing about becoming an adult?"
"You mean that completely generic video which shows the singer dancing in a skimpy outfit with 2 backup dancers? I believe he said ""Single Ladies"" was one of the best videos of all time."
"Oh for christs sake, shut up with that crying about nothing. I want to thanks bungie for removing gallerhorn from the game and then bringing it back in a different colour as a pre order bonus for another paid dlc"
If you're in Tel Aviv any time after August 22nd I'm down to meet up! anyone willing to hang out with a Palestinian? just got papers to be able to go to Israel(3months woo!) and would love to meet new people basically. i have family in israel that can take me around by there too halal for my tastes. would love to take a bus to Jerusalem or Tel-Aviv and have a beer with anyone really. shittt we dont even have to talk about politics we can literally just have a good time
"Instanced pve in gw2 is very easy, even raids are just a slightly harder version of dungeons(which at this point of the game are faceroll easy for the average player). What are dungeons like in this game? do you have the tri force of 5 man groups? (1 tank, 1 healer, 3 dps)? Also what are raids like? Finally, What kind of achievements can i achieve in this game? (Example: Getting all reps to exalted in wow for an expansion or something along those lines)"
It's awesome. How good is Zhalo Supercell?
"On this blessed day, we are all Klikkers LOL! No wonder I didn't get the notification. Klikkers is just my nickname, my username is u/pointAndKlik :P"
"it's five feet Guys, come on. Lets be real. I come here asking a legitimate question, and all I get are haters."
"exorcistheadturn.gif It claims to turn heads, it turned mine AWAY"
"Some people just lack any form of self-preservation. It amazes me how the observation is ""I randomly pass out all the time,"" and they conclude ""this isn't a problem."""
better take out a loan for 100k so we can get more loool If you put in 10k the lols get bigger by a factor of one 0 lool
"Hiya LowReady, what's up with da hoodie? A more fair and honest method can surely be implemented, but your idea is terrible."
"Also guy #3 in shot 6 is black triangle, so I'm guessing, that guy#2 is black 25. Right, from what I've seen, there's some discrepancies. ""White Triangle guy"" in picture 7 moves to the left of the screen. In picture 8, White Triangle guy is probably what you've marked as ""Guy #2"" Guy#3 has a white circular logo on his pack, it looks like it says 26. In picture 11 it appears it's mosquito that gets shot. Black Triangle comes across. Then Black 25. It looks like Black Triangle might have got shot, but I cannot be sure. Black 25 is shot and someone is being helped by Kaz into the chopper, while there's a body on the ramp. The guy being helped into the chopper doesn't appear to have any grenades on their back-pack. In the chopper later in the scene, you can clearly see a guy holding his arm as if shot, and they have at least two grenades on their back-pack. Earlier on, you get a slightly better view of black triangle, he doesn't appear to have grenades on his pack, but then, it's still quite obscured. Either Mosquito got shot and lies dead on the ramp, or black triangle got shot, fell on the ramp as mosquito got back up and into the chopper."
Well sorry to say all the Korean binary groups are pretty much dead. I know of that option but I'd rather have a downloaded copy.
"I always UpMatt Matt posts! After only 1 minute in this sub.... My own name looks like an alien word. Have I really spent my entire life known as ""Matt""??? What is a Matt? Matt Matt Matt Matt It's already meaningless. Matt Matt Matt"
Danks nice
"Steve Austin got over going 50/50 with Savio Vega then losing consistently to Bret Hart. Who are some dudes who got over losing. I'm talking about lovable losers, niche joke wrestlers, or anyone else that you think got over even though they did jobs."
looks like number 2 inherited her dad's forehead in addition to her mother's. Double roast!
"Paul Laus forever Who's your favorite enforcer and why? After watching The Last Gladiators, I'm just curious as to who people love."
"""Loser"" is drumpfsprecht for ""n00b"". How great would it to hear Trump call Cruz a noob. ."
"Or correctly: AA, Hamstring, AA, Thundercleaver It seems like you've got the jist. It really helps some melee heroes that have trouble quickly clearing minion, Kallari for example. Also, imagine that you're playing feng moa. You can auto attack, hamstring, and use Thunder Ceaver's active for a large amount of burst."
Palossand looks nice! Ok sounds good
"I think he's dead, because he got beheaded Ned Stark theory I don't know if this has been talked about or not (due to being at work and having very limited resources on the internet, I can not search), but I checked on Google and was not able to find anything really on this subject. So if it's already been discussed, please don't flame me to hard. I think Ned Stark is still alive. I know it's a long shot out in left field, but I think there's a possibility. After rewatching Season 1, with Ned telling Jon that they will talk about his mother when Ned sees him again. Benjen also says the same thing to Jon at the wall before the brave Uncle rides North. We all know Benjen technically died, but he's back. And I am more than certain that Benjen will link up with Jon somehow in the near future. It leads me to believe that Ned is some how, some where, still out there. Like I said, I know its a complete long shot (just like Lady Margaery still kicking, but that's another thought), but I think it is some what possible. With GRRM throwing hints in his stories, I could see this happening. Thanks for reading and not calling me completely crazy!"
It could work if the depth levels of all 3 gears don't overlap. No it couldnt. With 3 gears all touching like that it cant spin at all.
"""punished"" Santa Snake Working on a Venom Snake figure, just finished resculpting the head."
"Price for Salt &amp; sanctuary? (H) Destiny The Taken King, Bloodborne The Old Hunters, Assassins Creed Syndicate, The Order 1886, Salt and Sanctuary (W) $45 PayPal"
Problem Quantity Surveyor profession?
I hope you like dealing with ALL THE MOSQUITOES in the summer! Maine. I think I might have to move here.
:( Sweet Bejeebuz I hope it doesn't suck.
"Both 13% of 10 and 10% of 13 are easy to evaluate, I don't see the problem what is 13% of 10? i think this technique only takes you so far"
"Simple, because they're the only companies that are *paying* Youtubers and Podcasters. Why do so many Youtube Channels/Podcasts channels use the same advertisers (Audible, DollarShaveClub, etc.)?"
Goodness gracious... All kinds of balls
"They want to punish everyone. They don't care about abortions. They just want to punish young people for having sex. It's all about legislating their ""morality"" on others."
And he'll have plenty to deal with when he plays for RM I just feel like he is already a Madrid player. And wtf is this crap? You are so scared to show your face in Manchester? Relax. You had plenty of cunts bombarding your home in Madrid. Nothing will happen to you if you are pictured in a car in Manchester.
Lovie has to try and save his job. Theyre not making the playoffs anyway... might as well start the kid and see what you have in him rather than a washed up 35 year old career backup that has shown no reason to imbue faith in him
DICKS OUT FOR HARAMBE Just trying to honor Harambe
"Well, Cornell is the ""Safety School"" of the Ivy League, after all And I don't know anyone from Stanford or MIT that want to be considered Ivy League. The Ivy League has lost their luster as they age and refuse to adjust. Cornell may have been a top school in grandpas day but today it's not in the same tier as Stanford."
"I'm near Lex too! Someone else from Kentucky in DD?? Well hot damn, check in in from Da Ville!"
"Kings won't make the playoffs though ;) Alright, we'll schedule you in for a meeting with the Kings."
Shit movie causing a shit show Ghostbusters Supports $hillary &amp; Deletes the Tweet Hours Later!
"When he is not dead after 10 bullets you fucked up anyways Hahahahahahahahahaahahahahahaa! oh man, good one. I'm around DMG,LE,LEM and I have no idea how to spray my ak after 10 bullets xD I just gave up in learning and say fuck it every time I go into a match."
"THEYRE FROM GEELONG, WOULDNT CALL THEM DOMESTIC IN A REAL LIFE CAGE MATCH, A BULLDOG WOULD EASILY KILL AND DISMEMBER A DOMESTIC CAT."
"Left, Right, Left, Right, B, A, Start. Up, up, down, down... something along those lines."
"obvious troll but its not that hard to seize it from someone who was declared dead 1-1.5 grams?!?! This is a record seizure and I'd like to extend a congratulatory hand to my brothers in blue out in Ohio for putting their lives on the line like this. Fuckin' outstandin police work, I'm gonna go get a calzone."
"Mine too, it's a really under-rated Simpsons gag. honestly one of my favorite jokes."
And no caramel Poetic and apropos; I like it! I suggest we make him eat only the salty caramel flavor. With extra salt.
That lone cable on the bottom row on the far left is triggering my OCD. Not bad for a first timer.
"Judging by the lack of spinoffs in there in general, I think this only for main series titles What about federation force?"
One of the twooooo versions? Frank Ocean - Endless
"A repair shop or Apple Store said this? He was told $100 to replace the screen and that there is ""something else"" wrong with it."
Do you know what an argument from authority *fallacy* is? The videos are all from experts. Like the MIT professor. And they cite plenty of peer-reviewed scientific info in all kinds of their videos.
"You can if it'll shut you the fuck up. I think i want to be a Koala Bear, wait no i change my mind can i become a stapler instead?"
Bye bye Hardcore destiny player here. If they nerf Sunbreaker into the ground I will quit Destiny without a second thought
"Nah, if we win it's still 1-1 and you guys have the home court advantage. I'm thrilled about the Bulls taking Game 1, but now I'm really nervous about Game 2. We HAVE to win Game 2 for the momentum coming home."
I don't think that's how you're supposed to pick up chicks Opened my work van after working on a farm yesterday...
"And it is a fragmovie, unless you have some other definition. ""Fragmovie"""
Looks like something from Mega Man X. I can't help but feel this is what Chesnaught's color scheme should have been
"They always go inside. Also I'm pretty sure those periods didn't belong inside the quotation marks, since the period is part of the sentence as a whole rather than that specific word, which is what the quotation marks applied to."
"Ty Yep, they look like they'd fit fine!"
"not many schools have a belt test, when you're ready for blue you're ready How do you have a blue belt and not know of a belt test?"
"How about posting follow ups @ 7,14,21 days? I quit yesterday. I quit what I had begun 25 years ago nearly to the day. I was 16 years old then, sitting around my neighbors house when he pulled out his pipe and the first marijuana I'd ever seen, and shortly thereafter, smoked. I loved it. At first it was the way it made everything more interesting. Then it just became habit. Somewhere along the way I became a pot head. I got high every day for the last 25 years. I can honestly say that I did not go a day without smoking in 25 years. I gave up a lot of other things along the way. I began drinking alcohol, drank a lot and then quite cold turkey without a problem. I had issues with cocaine but quite that cold turkey, too, without a problem. I was a cigarette smoker for 15 years but one day, when I coughed up something too black and too nasty to describe, I quite that cold turkey too. But try as I might (and I didn't try very hard) I could not stop smoking pot. I loved it. I loved getting high and it was what I wanted to do every night when I came home from work and every weekend when I woke up. I loved to just hang out at home on a Friday night and rip tubes, content not to go anywhere. No, pot had nothing to do with my desire not to go anywhere (as in out on the town) as I've always been a homebody and not much of a nightlife person. I found I enjoyed being home alone with some smoke, just me and the cats and some bong hits. I was happy. I spent a lot of money on a weekly basis keeping that habit up. I spent 120 per quarter, going through at least a quarter a week and now, at the point where I've finally given up, I'm down to a 10 dollar a day habit, which even at that little amount has managed to break me down, financially. So what is the point of all this? Am I trying to instill a lesson in you young smokers out there? No, not really. I don't care if you smoke until you're sixty, I'm not on a crusade to change anybodies view on pot. I'm just saying ""I'm done"" because ultimately I'm just bored with pot and it costs too much money and frankly I'm tired of getting high only to come right back down again. I'm tired of hooking up with ""the man"" for the chrondo every week. I'm tired of nasty black shit on my hands when I clean my bong and while we're at it, I'm tired of my bong. Mostly I'm tired of being a 40something pot head. I quit. I'm ready for what comes next in life, after pot. I don't know what it is but I'm sure it's not a recreational drug. I'm finished. I'm sober from here on out, for the rest of my days, I can just sense it. Old drug addicts don't always die, sometimes they just burn out. I've burnt out. I'm done. Adios, 420, I fucking loved you for so long, but that's the news and I am outta here. Smoke 'em if ya' got 'em, for me, Reddit/MJ. I tip my cap to you and gracefully bow out. I'm gone."
PM please Yeahh I didn't realize how difficult it was to download through Mega on mobile when I uploaded it... Also didn't consider so many people would be downloading it on mobile. If it's any easier for anyone to download it through Google Drive you can PM me for a private link to the album through there
wait till you check out the h1z1 sub This subreddit is pretty toxic in that regard. Quite a few downvote opinions as if they were off topic.
"That was a great read TL;DR: My girlfriend shit in my hand, and now she is supportive of me playing EVE"
I call it antikukli. nex INSANE flickshot
David Eby for premier or prime minister after reading this. Vaughn Palmer: David Eby stands out in rookie term
Eddy! Just a neodymium magnet in copper pipe
"It was a rhetorical question, emphasizing just how few people commenting in this thread seemed to have actually read the article properly before going off on their ""anti-white/we're suffering too"" circlejerk. Probably not. The odds of you being the only one are honestly pretty low"
"Anything ""written"" by Niki Minaj What song would sound the worst during a poetry reading? ."
"That is what I have always been told I thought toxic shock prevention was 8 hours, not 4.."
Yes Are they all in the same family?
I might need a citation on that statistic You're either an extremist or a coward. There is no answer in the middle.
Eat some Taco Bell maybe? The spice must flow.
That's how you get salmonella I JUST WANT TO SAY I DISCOVERED COOKIE BUTTER TODAY AND FEEL YOU ALL SHOULD KNOW ABOUT IT IT'S SO GOOD I'D PROBABLY PUT MY PENIS IN IT BUT THEN I WOULDN'T BE ABLE TO EAT IT
Wait... So if a female who has carried a male fetus has that fetuses DNA in her brain... That means information sourced from the father's DNA is in her brain... That's a weird thought... So Apparently a Human Male Fetus Can Leave Pieces of Himself (DNA) in His Mom's Brain!
He's just glad someone in the family is making money. I don't understand why Miley's dad isn't stopping her.
Thousands of thousands of thousands of ones. Super smart. But don't go anymore. That would just be stupid.
"Controlled opposition. How a pro-gun, anti-gay ""political terrorist"" could help keep Colorado Democrats in power"
Proof? She did it in the primary. She's all but certain to do it in the general.
"actually that's what I've been doing for you, and thankfully you seem to have understood that huzzah for you actually it does. It gives me the right to point out his ignorance anywhere I can"
^^^god ^^^i ^^^cant ^^^fucking ^^^wait Yet...
"Don't you mean, ""Imagine if she ripped of a joke that Carlos Mencia ripped off."" Imagine if she ripped off a Carlos Mencia joke. I think Rogan's brain would stop computing."
"Adevarul e ca nu prea merg la petreceri (no friends and all that), dar daca majoritatea se desfasoara cum tocmai ai descris, mai bine nu. Sau te-ai dus tu la petreceri plictisitoare :)"
Oh my god what an incredible gif Mets scoring runs celebration gif!
"KNOCK KNOCK WHO'S THERE JUST ANOTHER HUMAN HAHA HAHA. Hello. Fellow human here. AMA LAUGHING OUT LOUD. LAUGHING OUT LOUD. LAUGHING OUT LOUD. I AM NOT ACTUALLY A ~~HUMAN~~ ~~HUMAN~~ ROBOT, I'M ACTUALLY A HUMAN AND I'M CAPABLE OF FABRICATING HUMOR."
All 719 of us.. TIL there are Redditors on the Gold Coast
"Oh, it probably takes you an hour to watch 60 Minutes, too, eh? man, I posted that 7 seconds ago and the gifs like 30 seconds long"
I sure hope so! Kyle Rudolph is going to get at least 2 TDs this game You saw it here first
The 2nd team in your lair says you don't :D I want to get of Mr. March's Wild Ride
"Well depends on where you're from, but given the game's age rating is 17+, they can't let you have access if you say you're younger than that. Is there an age requirement? I put in my date of birth and it said ""we're sorry, you may not access this site"""
"Haha, O'Malley actually got 10%+ in some counties in Northern Florida. Won't he still be on the ballot even if he drops out? There were like 8 people on my democratic ballot in Illinois, including Martin O'Malley."
"Once upon a time, I learned that a vibrator can break in half, cleanly... What's the weirdest thing that has happened to you during sex?"
Still up for the trade? Shiny weavile or politoed for gardevoir
"I hope that Bernie Sanders does not turn into a war criminal if he gets elected. Anti-smoking campaign in Russia uses Obama as the poster boy stating, ""Smoking Kills More People Than Obama."""
Thank you Cutie in Bikini
10 year old me would say nuh-uh the Skyline was. 2003 13 year old me would like to argue that Eva Mendes was the best thing in Fast 2
"Sanders isn't a communist, though. Reasoning analogous to those who call Bernie Sanders, Joseph Stalin, and his supporters full-blown communists."
damn stacked loooool This competitive smash bros player
"And almost died with that coughing fit. Almost 300 days later, finally she gives her First Press Conference."
How could anyone get rid of such a cutie. Deckle was found on the street by Animal Control. One year in a loving home really makes a difference!
Nah but recent success is still recent success. 2 years of dubs dominance doesnt wash away 16 championships little one
I'm high and thought it was him in my peripheral vision. More like Kevin Smith.
Stormfront is the opposite of anti-white though It's really awkward when stormies and SJWs find something they can agree on. Holy horseshoes.
"Too bad we can't ignore the inflated health care costs caused by smokers. Just ignore the smokers that literally pocket every single butt right? The ones that don't smoke in peoples faces or where they shouldn't? Ya, fuck em, generalize em all!"
Sisters! Close friends.
"Yes. With personal you mean the one that is directly connected to the email address, right?"
"What does this word fix mean Even if they don't give us Source 2, they can at least fix some Source 1 fuckery"
"I'm in the same boat - it was surprisingly early, but I feel like it's gonna have the right ramifications, at the right time. I for one is happy that they took this event out of the way. Death of Superman was a stunt move and nothing more. Here Synder used it to motivate Batman to redeem himself which is good enough for me. And UC makes his death much more emotional and justified."
"Or 3,888,000x10 to the 15th femptoseconds! You could also say 6 weeks is days, not weeks. 42 days yo"
"It brings all the gals to the yard. As a 32-year-old non-bro, I'll take that milkshake."
Its a hack. The little tables that go in the center of pizza's to prevent the cheese from touching and sticking to the lid. That's ingenious.
She got pop star ahri so they didn't want to give her another skin so soon faker: I want Ahri riot: congrats on skt zed.
"I'm not sure I agree with you, but this might only be because I grew up where they weren't. Good job witness but, front plates should be mandatory on a car."
"Out of curiosity, when was the last time voters didn't have to vote for someone who ""give no shits about us""? Millenials are just biding our time at this point, I think. I suspect there will be a huge rise in political awareness and participation when we're not forced to vote for people who give no shits about us. (e.g. once the boomers are dead)"
Yep should have specified; I didn't realize it could appear except as a scripted event. In those locations it is of course scripted.
"Some solid advice there, really made sense to me. I don't want to kick you when you are down because I know it sucks (been there). I would prefer to wait to say this but I won't likely get a chance. And I wish someone had said these things to me years before I figured it out on my own. When I hear someone say ""I always was a good guy"" it's a red flag. Take your time feeling better. But when you do feel better, start thinking about what you mean when you say you are a good guy. I feel like it means you cater to everyone's needs but your own. If you are that type of person you will always attract the type of person that takes advantage of it. Once you learn to put yourself first you will start to attract more quality people into your life. Again, if this does apply to you, don't beat yourself up over where you are. Spend time feeling better. Then spend some time working on yourself."
"Whatever the reason, those are really nice illustrations... An art student uses Khajuraho's erotic drawings to teach Indian moral police a lesson"
r/nocontext Males don't give birth.... They only supply semen by ripping of their arms
"1, 031, 137 1,031,136"
"honey, what else do you needs ta know? ... /checks submission history All I can tell is you like meat and the Braves."
"Still, cant beat the fact that it was a good movie. But the road movie isn't even remotely as good as the book. Putting it to actual imagery ruined the real imagery in the book which was far bleaker."
"I feel like I'm doing it wrong I spend like 50 60 a week and I always run out of food before the next thursday What's your grocery bill like? We've seen posts on everyone's grocery lists, but how much do you normally spend on it all? And how often do you go? I go about 1-2 times a week and each visit runs me about $60-100. The cost of healthy food is too damn high!"
"19F, moving with my 21 year old girlfriend in August :) That sounds pretty kickass. My bf is a gamer(used to MLG for something, Halo I think?) He does League of Legends, WoW, CoD, Magic, and things of that nature. I generally avoid video games, but I own the 360 and a gamecube. BF also does computer stuff, planning to build a pc, and I think does programming a bit. I'm big into music. I started learning to read it in elementary school. Played clarinet and keyboard for a couple years, still play keyboard a little. Choir, but haven't done that since HS. I'm a Sociology major. I'll definitely tell the bf about you since you sound like someone cool to chill with. How old are you?"
"posting to the thread already does that. I'm all for calling this out, because parts are ridiculous. Please at least quote the entire rule and not just a snippet so *everyone* can make a judgement on the *entire* rule, not the snippet that raised your brow."
LeBron is kill is LeBron ok?
"In other news, one man actually managed to miss the 2 front page posts about SirActionSlacks being a sub for DC the other day. SirActionSlacks is a sub player for DC lolololol"
"With the stuff you seen in this game, was expecting the tank to blow up and the horse to come out unscathed. Horse Physics"
"Thanks, been a fan of his vids since its inception... I won't pretend that I don't hear his voice overlayed in my life. Lol you managed to captures the TL;DR feel! well done :O"
"36 in math, same process. I got a 34 in math, my personal approach is to get the first 40 questions done in 30 minutes. Then spend the rest on the last 20 questions"
"Why not? With Musk's record, I would **not** want to be apart of the first manned mission to Mars."
"Fixed, thanks! Confusingly changing units in that comment."
Planting bounded life Force and then not killing the opponent for a turn is going to be hard. No man that's just the beggining. You're not a true Vaath player unless you try to combine him with bounded life force the first chance you get.
"Says the person making an ad hominem attack, and using the word retarded while trying to claim the higher ground. I always thought this sort of stuff was a joke. I guess if a man pretends to be retarded for too long he forgets he's pretending."
"That's why I said they won't care if you die unless that means you're no longer doing something they want (like ""making them feel good""). How so? Attractiveness is intrinsic value. And just because people enjoy you because you make them feel good doesn't mean they won't still care about you when you stop making them feel good."
"*C'est la vie*... They have their priorities, I suppose. Because the people who pay the bills have no idea what it is all about and how things need to be done. The engineers have been pushing for a different company but the few on file are all we have contracts with, and thus whom we have to use. :( We asked to hold the last issue (a arbitrary wave form generator) against them; they refused to acknowledge they broke it. They blamed us (the engineers) saying it was broken before they got it. But we know for sure it was functional. :( Oh well, big company issue, they just don't want to be bothered. :("
No kneepads? 24/M/Army Infantry Officer EDC for 72 hour training operation.
"You're a piece of shit. God I went though that blue pill shit hole you call a sub, it's all bitching about TRP. Pathetic."
"Mike ""Michael Vick"" Zimmer Prior to bye week, Mike Zimmer scattered stuffed cats covered in red paint around Vikings' locker room. The message: ""Fat Cats Get Slaughtered"""
"I just hope Biff Tannen doesn't become president... A hundred to one shot! I wish I could go back to the beginning of the season, and put some money on the Cubbies!"
"Two hands, motherfucker! Just Ace the Cable Guy perk. Simple, really. And don act dumb."
"Yes but in all of those cases people, for whatever reason, thought that the change was permanent, which it wasn't and this sure won't be. None of those were slanders on the character of Steve Rogers. Death or retirement happens, even to good guys. Becoming the villain doesn't. Superior Spider-Man wasn't ""Peter was evil all along"", it was ""Peter's body is hijacked by Doc Ock"" Superior Iron-Man was worse, but it was still ""Tony was warped by mind-magic""."
"^Chelsea, ^^Chelsea, ^^^I ^^^Believe... Chelsea Dagger makes a helluva lullaby. Man, it's late. Night, all. Go Hawks."
That's another piece of it-sometimes parenthood brings a sense of responsibility that wasn't there before. I've actually never been financially more fit than I am now that my accident is here. She's brought purpose and meaning into my life and without her I would probably still be a waitress with a shit ton of credit card debt.
"Shows you what really matters to today's society, profit So it's ok for sony to use illegal hacks against other peoples websites? Once again whats legal for one isn't legal for all!"
That's almost as small as Donald Trump's hands! . &lt;- size of Erdogans penis
"Yes, that describes everybody and not just a handful of pricks. No rice, no spice, no chocolate, no fems. Masc 4 Masc only. Need I say more how tolerant gay people are?"
"WHOOOOSH He already knows that, he wants experience from other redditors who went through a similar issue. Dude look at his name ""Rito"" not ""Riot"" Is that you Lee Sin?"
Aliens Physics.
"and I thought the liberals were all for it ... Thanks for clearing that up. Whaaah, I'm in the minority opinion. I thought conservatives were against enforcing level playing fields?"
"Sorry, I was wrong. Yes it is, that's why he doesn't get any lifesteal with morbid mask, fury swipes overrides it. Ursa gets vlads above other lifesteal specifically because of this, it's an aura so it stacks with UAMs/orbs."
*spice gg on the Dune reference. Sums up being a new crafter
Mayan Plus what other language looks like Chinese? I feel like I'm cracking the Rosetta stone every time I read a simple sentence
"Oh goody, they are holding the Lottery drawing and the out of towner conveniently wins to be sacrificed for this years crops. Driving through American small towns always makes me a little uneasy for that reason. You never know whether or not you might get Deliverance'd that day, or stumble on some sort of weird cult."
"horse locked in chastity device, please send help and also some oats His image was one of those horse masks that people are into these days..."
"Admin on Windows 8 What version of windows? 7,8,10? Are you on a standard or admin account?"
Here in Michigan we'd just accept it Used a Canadian penny to pay for my Starbucks drink today. Take that corporations.
"(Srs) palesplaining omfg {srs} what the actual f Palesplaining aside, Covergirl has one of the better selections of brown mascaras. Far more than brands like NYX or WnW, that carry the shades 1. black 2. blackest black. You know, what ""blonde and blue eyed and white"" people typically look best in?"
"but it does tell you something of the true character and nature of one side of the argument No matter what side of the argument you're on, this is incredibly stupid and in poor taste."
But obama said Christians are the problem. Boko Haram militants slit the throats of sixteen Christian fishermen on the shores of Lake Chad in the Nigerian state of Borno.
"I agree with that assessment. That game was fun to watch, I'll give you that, but this is the first time I was tense for all 60 minutes"
Your mom was amazing. That was amazing
"Terry is Teri now btw. WTF, he hasn't even confirmed to be terry. I call bullshit."
Would like an offensive answer if I could. I'm assuming you are not satisfied but the stock answer of Sprawl?
Oh you mean this repost. People call bullshit on everything nowadays. This is the most likely thing I have ever seen ever.
Nobody reads the text. Because a psychopath is chasing me and shooting at me. Why do you want to install a VERY expensive and grossly ineffective tool to combat a perceived problem?
That marking was shocking Olivier Giroud goal vs Manchester City (1-1)
"of course, he's gonna miss time is my point Is that including when they shut him and Thad down at the end of the season?"
"Really? CCTV is owned by private property like shops, by choice. Sorry to spoil the Orwellian fantasy."
"I enjoy his occasional tells when he mistakes me for Auximoron. Not so much drama as blatant racism, bigotry, homophobia and the like. Nevertheless he's a pretty skilled player and very occassionally kind enough to talk to."
I feel like there's an untapped market for fencing removal for politicians Paintergate. Limogate. THAT WAS IT.
Khaki The best word if you're playing hangman.
And I love how some folks can ignore 40 years of her progressive bona fides because she isn't as progressive as their preferred choice. I love how nobody can actually find anything to defend about Clinton s o they have to default back to 'But the Supreme Court doe!' even though Hillary will put in whatever justices she's paid to nominate.
Your dad has insecurities over the size of his penis My dad sent an email to 'every man he knows'.
"Generally, the Hyper212 SHOULD be fine for OCing as long as your airflow is decent and you don't get a mediocre CPU 'make' (some run warmer, some run cooler, it's random), should be fine for the most part. I am planning to overclock the CPU (with time) so what cooling system would you recommend? H80?"
"""Real soon now"" is not the most comforting of responses. Mental health patients facing cuts to crucial services amid funding uncertainty: experts"
"They're not being a spoil sport, it's just weird that you didn't even read the article you linked. OK spoil sport. That's actually important to point out I'm glad you did. We can't say for sure that our modern ornaments are connected but the similarity is still interesting. We shouldn't forget the tree origins either."
Which is horrible because she truly existed. That horrible cunt of a woman from 'The Girl Next Door'. Pure evil.
"""She didn't get wet, I feel betrayed but might just forgive her."" You can forgive his inability to orgasm? Wow! I really wonder how this would be taken with the genders reversed..."
"No, and only a moron would manage to misinterpret what I was saying to such a massive extent. Ok, so when they behead someone, what they really are telling us is that they just want to belong and have a purpose in life, it's not evil or anything. Just what the guys do on a Saturday night to go with the flow. (*seriously though, I get it, it's all our fault*)"
"Just check out the body count from Romeo &amp; Juliet - it's not exactly a new idea. Not sure why that surprises you. There is no good reason to kill anyone, but ""over a girl"" or ""over a boy"" is probably pretty high up on the why people murder/get depressed list."
"GTA IV was worse in this regards, partially because it had directly followed San Andreas. Seriously. Never got into gta online and by the time I'd finished the main and side stories I just felt like there wasn't anything to do when I'd try to play. Running up a wanted level or stealing jets is only entertaining for so long..."
"Regi plays the best top lane Karthus in LCS Can we stop placing Regi against the top laner if he goes mid? Place the players according to the lane they are in, not based on what they claim to be. As it stands we have mid/top swapping lanes often, regardless of whether they tweet it or not, and they should be placed according to how they are in the match, not where they claim to be. In the current CLG/TSM game, Link and Regi should be paired up with Nien and Dyrus matched up. This is how the lanes currently are so please display it this way!"
Also want to say I'm stoked to play the new Tomb Raider...was really impressed with the 2013 reboot. Tomb Raider (2013) coming to SteamOS/Linux
Neccesary evil Fuck the dmv
"Yeah, I think he had a studio there. Didn't he live in Queens at one point?"
D is for the ladys.. flash i mean flash D for disappear
"Even the divestment lines (e.g., Stansted). Other than the 'divestment lines' this sounds like pretty much every airport in the UK."
I don't need the drugs if I'm allowed to whore Warm Notice
"Yes, but it doesnt count towards the sniper rifle kills for the infiltrator directive. the KSR is effectively the same and doesn't have scope sway"
I don't think it's healthy either even paired with an appropriate amount of mangosteens. Probably on par with fan death? I don't know. Eating fried food or durian in excess doesn't sound healthy already...
"Ah great, more console hate. Would someone happen to be playing on a console...? Unless you mean the one in ME1 that didn't scale to actual data transfer rates, which was certainly mildly annoying."
Spiderwebs is good too All i see is suck my kiss. :(
I've always gone the route of using the word impact if I'm not positive on which one to use. When my teacher tough me this trick it blew my mind more than it should've. NEVA Noun Effect Verb Affect
"Fuck the queen The difference is, we have a choice."
"Four and a half buddy, four and a half. The name is four years old and was not meant to be permanent. Karma addiction creeps up on you."
Was hoping it was dark cloud 2 :( Sony leaks Dark Cloud PS2 for PS4 - NeoGAF
Muslims around the world are too quiet about terrorism in their name. Forced upgrade
Check his history for the trouble along the way. Holy shit that build is clean. Amazing first time build man. You put my first time to shame lol.
"Get fenders. Cycling To Work In just over a week I start a new job within my company. This is based in an office so I'll have to be suited and booted. I currently work on the factory floor where I wear overalls over my outdoor clothes. I cycle to work approx 4 miles. Obviously my jeans can get a bit wet, muddy or oily depending on weather. This isn't a problem as I put overalls over them. When I start my job I won't be able to do that. So my clothes have to stay clean. I was hoping to take a pair of trousers, shoes, shirt and tie in, folded nicely in my bag on a Monday and cycle to work in my scruffs and then change at work. Using my locker to store stuff in. The problem is I have to give up my locker when I move to the office as literally no office staff has a locker. How do I keep my nice clothes clean and generally crease free?"
I'm glad you like her! !!!!!!! LITERALLY MOM!!!!!! OH MY GOD!!! I really love these ideas!!! I really love the facial recognition and the heating up for max comfort!! So cute!!
"That doesn't look like the same Gaston.. at all. That's the exact same Gaston. He didn't get fired. I was literally standing next to him on Friday, when this picture was taken."
"Congrats, this is the dumbest thing I've read all week. LOL, Obama's flooding the US with hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens per year and giving them de facto amnesty in order to gain a Democratic majority and Ted Cruz is the self centered one? Give me a break."
"Mine already do, I picked blood. If your nipples could produce any liquid of your choice, what would you pick? Let's be reasonable on the quantity they will produce. Equal amount to the breast milk new mothers produce. Ex: gasoline would not be very helpful if you're trying to fill your cars"
I'd say its a modified medhud or a heavily modified goathud could some one identify this hud for me?
"I used to volunteer at that once a year giving out drinks and stuff. For years I was the overweight, sedentary guy who only existed indoors. This weekend, I finished the Disney World Marathon."
"To be fair, if you made playoffs you were bound to play him eventually. I have this terrible suspicion that if we win this Thursday and make the playoffs we are going to face the Pats and get murdered again. Please no."
We have a camp for people like him... Just a bad reader.
"Except my MM prices it at 55k More like 38,000 on PC nowadays."
Right after he formed the Earth He did over 4000 years ago
"[But in my system, you could still become a member of one of the four parliaments, or even the Head of the Quadruple parliament, which has greater power than the Emperor.] [The workers can vote for a President. The same can not be said about monarchistic systems.]"
"16 year olds love that shit. They've made a huge amount of shit movies. Theres their latest on Netflix UK, The Hangover Games. Clearly someone, somewhere enjoys them."
Because the burros better double check themselves before they wreck themselves. Why is Derek Carr doing the discount double-check?
"he loses edge containment too often Better than his scouting report, his run d has been awesome when he doesn't lose contain on the edge. Did not think he'd be nearly as physical."
"I think he just means modern relative to the archaic rules of the catholic church When you say modern stances, like what? I just thought he was super friendly and non judgemental and has a good PR team. He's still very anti abortion, and I don't this he's going to be cool with gays getting married."
And you never will. I never get it.
"tit? Turbo 182T if you even *think* about pushing the throttle all the way in without touching the mixture it will already start screaming ""TIT!! TIT!!"" at you by blinking red on the engine display. :)"
"Waterboy is pretty good too Happy Gilmore, Billy Madison, apparently Mr deeds isn't too shabby, and big daddy isn't terrible."
Then counter that with Valtome being a senator TBH I'm actually kind of scared of people flinging homophobia as a point against Elincia if that match happens.
"Yours likely didn't have computers assisting with crash avoidance. Biggest thing I've flown has less cabin space than my Kia and I would have been sure I was going to clip something at twice that height, that man certainly has a pair of cohones to be reckoned with."
Well my stream just went all cataracts underwater in terms of quality :( OFFICIAL GAME DAY THREAD: BOSTON BRUINS vs. EDMONTON MCDAVIDS LETS FUCKIN GO
ITT: Hypocrisy Boris Johnson: Everybody in London should be able to speak English
"Well, it'll be over a year then. Wuttt. I fully expect her to be available to us as a character once the new movie arrives. Interesting."
140% of the time it's his s.o. This dude fucks.
"That's Canada for you buddy. Where the fuck do you go to school?! At my school PE/track team runs get cut short due to threats (usually homeless guys fighting, but sometimes dudes with machetes and the occasional guy with a gun), but bears..."
Shut up aacarboner Shut up AssturdWolf
"What the fuck are you talking about? Isn't this just a racist joke about African Americans (rule 3)? Pretty lame. I'm not against all racist jokes, just unfunny ones."
"I need to finish that book, thanks for the reminder. Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal"
"Wow, there are people in this world who don't immediately heal their teams. The Dangers of Fainting (OC)"
"No, because it's the same Japanese 12-year-old Doctor Who fan clicking every website which yields consistent results. If your hypothesis that internet polls have no information were true, wouldn't you expect to see a much larger variance of results between them?"
"The question everyone wants to know is, which is the hooker? But one is in a dumpster, and the other is in my cafeteria."
This would imply they go outside. M'Sunnies.
Show my a rider who would forego a helmet and I'll show you one without a head. BMW just revealed a self-correcting motorcycle you can ride without a helmet
"109? Bayonet Doppler P2 0,01 FV 113 Keys or items"
"Probably not, despite the strides in ""white people do this "" vines Racism will never go away completely."
i wish. You are Chen?
Doesn't mean they did no wrong. If you can't prove a charge that means that person shouldn't be charged. Pretty simple imho.
I remember it... Yeeehhhiiiiiiiii Any remember that mini clip game...???
"Billy? For the insurance claim, I suppose. Milly is a smart man."
"Wait, so now y'all are HAPPY to pay for a mod? BLACK MESA ON STEAM!"
"this can be abused pretty easily, nearly all, if not all the dota2lounge bots have this warning. Steam is now warning us about people reported as trade scammers"
"""buff"" but but... Wrel buffed them!"
Add me I can get you one.
Betting on Gunnar for this one Gunnar Nelson vs. Dong Hyun Kim slated for UFC's return to Northern Ireland
Then Sanchez has to make more starts lol. if liriano becomes a spot starter/long reliever you don't tax the pen as much
"All plans should stop flying in and out of there, that will get some attention. Britain issues warning for LGBT travelers visiting North Carolina and Mississippi"
"Really tremendous asses, but you won't hear that from the dishonest media, I'll tell you that. We have the best asses, don't we folks?"
femroe pls. It's Highlander Noon!
"Wow nice, great game thanks for letting me know! Command &amp; Conquer Red Alert 2 is free on Origin's On the House"
"Pfft, you must be uneducated, cos I can do it easily: for example, I weigh 4838 kitkats. Nope we only only handle each separate thing in its own measurement, I can't compare a person's weight to the weight of food."
"Me too, thanks. I too would like to be killed"
Why does he think Obama wasn't born in Hawaii? My conservatard uncle complained because he wanted obama to release his birth certificate...then flat out said that it was a forgery when he released it....
In the end of the day engineering and banking are equally crooked. TL;DR The EU Commission knew VW was cheating on emissions and making billions from it. Scientists didn't understand why pollution rates were not going down in cities after strict auto emission laws. VW was caught by the US Government. VW said sorry to the EU and all is forgiven in the name of saving German jobs.
Rachelle BBCAN2 ate ONE peach ring and the entire house was a have not for 24 hours Why ? What do they do in BBCan?
"For attention, probably. No. And I'm not sure why someone would want to be trans."
"Thanks for the clarification! Tuv is the German certificitation for all things automotive. If you want to get ANYTHING installed on your vehicle, it must have a TUV certificate, otherwise its not allowed and you'll fail the yearly/bi-yearly test."
I believe he preferred to inject his 7 percent solution That crafty Sherlock Holmes. He celebrated by snorting a fat line of coke.
"Different network, different producers, different writers - his show is different because it's different. What I think is interesting about Colbert is that his humor on his last program was being taken serious by the alt-right. They didn't see the irony in his jokes or his persona. I think he realizes this. Even if that wasn't his intention. Now he's gone a bit more direct with his humor and commentary against the right."
I'll take that as a no. TIL: Socialists didn't bother reading the legal definition of fraud before filing a frivolous lawsuit.
"I'll be in Stratton Saturday and Sunday VT Trip This Weekend I'll be in Killington Friday and Sunday and Stowe on Saturday. Any one wants to meet up and ride, needs a ride, or wants to drink let me know!"
"They obviously weren't xD Yea, i dont know what the school was thinking..."
"Only Joker needs to catch up. Honestly, if you compare their actions, Trevor isn't far off."
"Apps like this will reverse the down-pressure on market price from merchants cashing out. Lawnmower Android now available! Just dropped, get it while it's hot."
"Every time my cat goes outside ends in this scenario... He's not supposed to go outside, but he's too fast and stealthy to be kept inside :( I scold him, but it's not very effective against cat logic. Every time my cat gets into my bed soaking wet...(Every night it rains)"
"I know how to spell ""you"". Are u stupid?"
"I never thought I'd see Lion King, 9/11, and Linkin Park in the same title, but alas here we are... The title for this post just made me crack up."
"If you get +1 movement from exploration 3 promotion (after the 2 sight bonuses) and logistics promotion AND it becomes chu'ko'nu then you will actually have a unit able to shoot 3 times in 1 turn. That's an Archer with Sight +2, Medic +2, and Survivalism +3."
"i feel like messi's inspiration and pure genius can overcome the most of tactics set up by coaches ,sure pep is a great one but i still believe in the teams spirit ,especially the MSN trio that seems to be getting better and better by every match Well, I want to agree with you, but I can't be as confident at all. What most of you optimistic fans are missing out is that we're about to face Pep first and then Bayern. You know the guy that used to spend days and nights obsessing over the teams that he's gonna play, dismantling them piece by piece, finding out what makes them tick and then utterly destroying them during the Barca golden years? It's that fucking guy. I think that if we'll bring down Bayern, UCL will be ours 100%."
I didn't know my mom opened a restaurant. I don't want to find a new favorite restaurant
"GOOD JAHB \* *clap clap clap* \* Holy fuck, the crowd is annoying. Clapping at literally nothing."
"Cam you give a reference to his ""twattiness?"" CEO is known to be kind of a twat."
"I'm from just outside of Saratoga Springs where it's 50/25/25 split Giants/Jets/Bills. Any Central/upstate New Yorkers in this sub? I'm from Syracuse. It's been a debate for awhile, whether the CNY area is Giants, or Bills territory. Just curious on where ya'll root from"
Pretty fucking amazing I finished this stained glass-esque Legend of Zelda quilt today! I'm ridiculously proud of it.
Must resist ... perfect stocking stuffer ... The latest in highway communication devices
"why? Wikileaks, TSA, Bush advocating torture, the list goes on. Each and every one makes me miss Tim Russert"
dm;hs The horse is dead
FanDuel? This is the first time in my 20 years of life that I am broke; it fucking sucks. Fuck gambling.
straight fuckin aerated very julienned
"If you think that companies being able to put whatever they want, whenever they want to on your phone without your consent is ok, than I would suggest you just keep burying your head deeper in your ass. To me this is the epitome of 'first world problems'. *wow look at this, those terrible people gave me a free album that I accidentally listened to on my $500 smart phone and now my library of alternative music is ruined* If your life is so dull that this is really such a big issue to you, I would suggest that you need to find something else to spend your time on."
*UNESCO 2030:* Native Americans were Muslims who were brutally kidnapped and murdered by the Mayans and Aztecs UNESCO draft resolution: Western Wall is part of al-Aksa mosque
Are the servers active now? KOTH 1944 My strangest doublekill ever.
"Note: If you have so little idea what you're talking about that you can't even tell whether or not something *you wrote* is nonsense or not, you may be doing something wrong. They try to distribute the grading weight evenly about the centroid."
"You didn't do well in school did you? Definion of ""wound"" is ""an injury to living tissue caused by a cut, blow, or other impact, typically one in which the skin is cut or broken."". So, typically, this wouldn't be classified as a wound."
"Implying there's such a thing as ""too much"". Haha well when I went in there, I didn't go that far. (Too much futa for my tastes :X)"
I don't like at all that this exists but honestly anyone with half a brain and a day or two of cs experience can control recoil better than that. After watching this you gonna be like WTF?!
This is lame and creepy. Hahahahah
"Nice. Like I know the usual ""if the genders were reversed..."" blah blah blah will come out. And I agree with all that. Still. Nice."
My deaf dog *loved* being vacuumed. My dog doesn't mind the vacuum. It's weird...
"Dead people. Who are hillary's voters? Hipsters obviously, but who else?"
"Never been, but I've heard Lander has the biggest or longest fireworks in the state and gets wild. Supposed to be a big street party and fireworks in Lander. I'm thinking I'll check it out this year."
That was a bit of an upset in my mind. Huge Deadleaf Mantis VS Goliath Birdeater Tarantula
"wow 10/10 Frosted Flakes are great Good Guy Boogie From Riot Support I play on NA Server but I'm currently in Australia home of the OCE server. I recently bought a PC product at a local gaming store and as part of a promotional offer they gave me a free ziggs skin code (Mad Scientist Ziggs) The code didn't work and I wondered why so I sent riot a message asking why....Here was the reply... Greetings Summoner, Thank you for writing in. Sorry to hear that you are having issues with the code. The code is intentionally for another server but don't worry about it. I'm happy to let you know that I've redeemed the code for you, so the content should be on your account next time you log in. Let me know if you need anything else! Enjoy Ziggs madness! Yours, Boogie Riot Games Player Support P.S, Just a shoutout to Boogie at RIOT, thanks so much for your help, your summoner, thedroppedburito."
Clearly the spoon is too big I'm unclear as to what the scale of this image is...
Fuck this thread Fire everyone Fuck this team. This is a rant thread.
"Oh I know, just that people make a big deal about ""ewwww, that's disgusting"" Who cares which bladder? Even if it was the ""pee pee"" bladder it would have been cleaned out first -- traditional sausages, like the ones I and many other people make at home, are lined with intestines; you have to rinse them out at home to make sure there isn't any ""poo poo"" particles left after the original processing. So what?"
I'm really glad you don't have a picture of that abomination. A challenger appears: CAMSON NEWMER.
"It's from an advertising campaign by Wrigley, the makers of said gum. I'm afraid of the down votes I'll get if I say that I don't get it? Does five gum have caffeine in it? I thought it didn't and was just a marketing trick ?"
"No, because if you didn't want a relationship and send him on his way, he'll just come back in 3 days. how big was jesus's cock, would you fuck him and why?"
"Dayum, those are some nice titties :3 Shyvana by RadSquid"
"Yes, typing fast at work on my phone and didn't take the time to proof read ... you mean appellate?"
At the time it was badass though Somehow I believe AC2 was so good simply because AC1 was so utterly bad.
"Just wipe front to back, brah. Vaginas on the other hand, are delicate eco systems. Self sustaining and relatively able to clean itself, but still very susceptible to foreign bodies that mess up the eco system resulting in less than desirable vaginal conditions.... Especially fecal matter."
"Too soon. Oberyn would be easy to marry, he wouldn't ever judge you physical character, because of his bad eye sight."
"it tastes like spicy alcohol soup I'm Canadian and I'm absolutely flabbergasted at how many people love Ceasars. Especially as a hangover cure! The last thing I'd be able to keep down after a night of drinking is a glass of spicey clams, tomatoes, and vodka!"
Looks like something a pregnant woman would randomly crave My Three Year Old's Requested Meal. Instant Ramen and Pancakes on a Bed of Oatmeal.
"Does anyone on this site use jumper cables like they're supposed to? The 50 Shades of Grey movie! I was convinced by my current spouse that we *had* to watch it, and the trailer blew me away, so I was convinced. Later I found out that my son had actually downloaded the movie, and just as I walked in the door from work, he was sitting there in the living room with his ""girlfriend"" watching it. He exclaimed out loud ""man this movie sucks!!"" That totally ruined the suspense for me, so I had no choice but to beat him with my best pair of jumper cables. I saw the movie anyways with my lady three days later, it was the worst two hours of my life."
"Jiraiya tried to get Naruto to control the Nine Tails for most of the timeskip and it ended up being a complete bust. Yeah, Naruto came back with big ball rasengan. Really? Thats it? 3 days to learn rasengan but 3 years to make it bigger."
"""Hey, giraffe, my eyes are up here."" A girl and a giraffe"
[EUROBEAT INTENSIFIES] Teenage F1 driver Max Verstappen
Why were there two post-match threads? Post Match Thread: Galatasaray 1 - 2 Real Madrid
Implying I was ever subbed! Unsub for r/aww and r/pics. Let our voices be heard Get this to the front page the people must know the admins have taken over
0 An open letter to Richard Lewis: Shut up.
Happy Trails Torii the Tiger ^^^^(and ^^^Twin) Torii Hunter Has Retired
Anthony Hopkins built the Death Star? Of course Hannibal Lector built the Death Star.
"Well, I'd say they're not afraid to be bigoted racist white trash but then they wouldn't be saying it on Reddit. Clearly it's not a reference to the song. The comment to which they're replying is saying that nxxxxx is like voldemort's name. Voldemort gets power from nobody being ""brave"" enough to say his name. So they're being very brave and saying the word to prove... that they can? They're not afraid? Whatever it is it's dumb but it's not a ""reference to the song."""
"I was at a party one day and my friend was leaving with his amp, and I said to him ""you have so much arm muscle happening, you know when it's time to celebrate"" and when he said what the fuck I just said, I told him *""you got that jackshow in your arms, you know when you need help""* Drunk people are idiots. My friend will say the stupidest things when she's drunk"
"I do not deny we were intervening in our allies' wars, but if you want to claim that we were actually at war ourselves, then who were we at war with? That's ridiculous; you can't really make that claim seriously after 1959, and the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution (which was the closest we came to a formal declaration of war) was in '64. Also, the SR-71 project was spun up in 1962 in the wake of the Cuban Missile Crisis, and in addition to Vietnam and Cuba, during that decade we were openly intervening in: * Thailand * Laos * Congo * and the Dominican Republic, as well as covertly in: * Ecuador * Brazil * Indonesia * Greece * Bolivia * Argentina * and Uruguay. Plus monitoring and occasionally blowing people up around the DMZ in Korea. The Domino Theory was a hell of a drug."
"I had one this morning where the last person to chose decided we needed 3 tanks, spammed ""we need a healer"" then stormed out 5 seconds before the match started, luckily a good Lucio took his place. Same with support, I've had so many games where I asked for a support, and no one responded. I was the tank so I couldn't change too."
10.5 my bday was 3 days ago! What size you need. I'll hook you up
"Mmmm.. Jumper cables! I mean, if you're into that kinda thing..."
"Because to them: ""fuck the law if it doesn't go along 100% with my personal beliefs"" Not saying conservatives don't do this on other issues, just that in this situation it's ludicrous that this is accepted. The entire premise of a sanctuary city is absurd. Why even have laws? What in the hell? How can someone, more less a liberal, take a stance like this? Rahm, sections of your city are a war zone. You have done nothing to fix it. Glad you are making humanist statements like this."
What are you doing that's shaming the dachshund? How to shame a Dachshund
"I don't really have holidays in the strict sense of the word, but I've done few domestic/international trips on a very short notice. Has anyone taken an impromptu holiday before? Hi r/travel, I've not posted here before so bare with me if I make some posting mistakes. I'm about to finish high school (i.e graduate in less than 3 weeks) and so I'll find myself with almost 4 months of nothing to do except work a casual shift job and socialize a bit. But before I get to that I've got exams - I'm currently in the middle of our final exam period. So as I was studying this afternoon, I had a thought - What would happen if I were to book a flight to New York or somewhere which leaves within 24 hours and get on it? Obviously I won't be doing it, but perhaps someone here knows someone or has themselves done something similar. So who here has been ballsy enough to go on an impromptu holiday? I get really excited at the thought of it but to me it's more of a fun daydream to have while I try and get through exams. Thanks in advance."
"I get the feeling like there's a rubber band wrapped around my head Ok so this might sound weird Ok so this might sound weird. This isn't my first time with weed but it's still fairly recent. Have any of you noticed a squeezing pain in your head while you're high? Like, it doesn't hurt but it feels like it does. Does anyone else experience? To be honest if I'd have to rate this high, uhm I would base it off what Mister PoPo said on team four star when he was tripping. He said ""I'm so fucking high right now"" That's how I feel"
"obviously someone hasn't run a puppy slaughterhouse (also I just enjoy being needlessly cruel in this game, so it probably is really inefficient) How? Each one only gives 6 leather, 10 dogs just isn't enough for a jacket."
"No, he in no way would ever be part of something that could tarnish his legacy/career. Did Tom Brady Cheat?"
"There is no way to do that. Well we're all kinda missing the point here. I am aware rebooting can achieve making it back to a stock setting, I'd just like to speed that up instead of waiting for a reboot."
"You're allowed to walk anywhere in the casino except actual gambling halls if accompanied by an adult. Because of the venue in which its being held, it's in the casino and serves alcohol."
"Your worst case scenario made my entire body shudder What is your team's best and worst case scenario for next season? **Best Case:** 15-0 National Champs w/ the Heisman winner and Bosa decides to stay for his Senior season. **Worst Case:** 8-5 w/ losses to VT, PSU, MSU, UM and the bowl game. We never find the groove at QB, and the Defense underwhelms. Zeke gets injured preseason. *Reasonable Expectation:* Return trip to the CFP w/ 1 loss or less."
"How dare Trump name a Christian to head HUD. 5000 upvotes ""Slate: Why Trump's Newest Cabinet Member is the most Extreme, Racist and Divisive Person Ever to Hold the Office"""
"Judging from interviews, it's because of Ed's label Okay let's play ""Will Garrix ever release Rewind Repeat It"""
"this just makes the funeral scene worse It's part of the story. Superman is immune to death in any medium anyways, most people should know that. You can't kill a person who has no known limits. Hell, his heart is beating after being stabbed in the heart."
I would have been very confused if it weren't for my stoner bro. Avatar batteries for my mflb
Map mod name? Can I break out?
I bet .45 ball overpenetrates less than 9mm. You don't stop a target from shooting at you by bleeding them. The bigger hole doesn't mean much.
Creatures Porno What do you guys always wanted to see the creatures do? I always wanted to see James and Seamus argue with each other. James rage and arguments vs Seamus logic and sarcasm.
"Video games and anime What's something that is hilarious when you're by yourself, but awkward when you're with other people?"
"No, they work over Bluetooth Do these require a special dongle to use with a PC?"
Step 11: Perfait Step 10: ???
Run away from home and live with other family Imagine you are transported back in time when you were a fifth grader. What will you do?
lol This topic convinced me to buy the m7 2016 model. Thanks!
In both cases you may say that you are looking at technology flayed. I love brutalist architecture and it's always been synonymous with cyberpunk imagery for me. The clean lines and sharp angles always compliment the tangles of wires you commonly see in cyberpunk scenery.
Unfortunately not. Does that host the same recipes?
"/thread Pack em up boys. *Pete's* Roses are Red..., and you've got yourself a jackpot."
"And in 99% of developing countries (the vaunted ""emerging markets"") too! Seems to work well enough in literally every other advanced industrialized country..."
"And they were somewhat mythological in the sense we would never see them because they were from a war long ago. I actually also sort of like the idea that the gods were... really, truly above us mortal scum and that you wouldnt ever want to fight one :P"
This ^ also make sure u have spent all your points in the PA and roles I think that you need to meet requirements unbuffed. Try cancelling all your buffs to see if you are fine with main stat.
"Unfortunately I already traded for Bloodrayne, but if you don't mind replacing bloodrayne with defunct + Cursed then I'm down to wait until tomorrow! Yeah is ok for me, you can wait until tomorrow to finish the deal? I'm away from my regular PC now :("
"$500 is a lot for *me*. I've got a few (all the worst for different reasons). 1. I played piano growing up-12 years of lessons etc. Well the piano we had was one that I saved up half the money for when I 8-$500 is a lot for an eight year old. But I did it. Sister's best friend's little brother is special needs-but he can still follow instructions and whatnot. Every. Single. Time. That kid came over with his mother (who did not care and just let him run wild) he would open the piano and slam the keys. He ended up knocking it out of tune and breaking a key. I asked my mom to stop him, I asked his mother, and I asked him to not touch it. Nope. Piano was still out of tune last time I visited because my parents refused to pay to fix it. 2. Multiple cousins had ""accidents"" right around the same time. One is decently behaved. One is out of state. The final is a spoiled monster. She was at my parent's house with her dad for my grandmother's birthday. I was there as well. I had to physically restrain her from the dog. She would run up, corner the dog, then start slapping the dog as a method of ""petting."" The dog is 12 years old. She doesn't handle new people very well, but if you're patient, she warms right up. She had her hackles up (legit-part Rhodesian Ridgeback so hair along her spine literally moves when agitated), was growling and kept trying to get away. I ended up taking the dog and locking her into my parent's room with me for two hours until the hellion left. Telling the monster to stop didn't work-her dad was too drunk to care, and my parents were too busy cooing over the same cousin's SECOND accidental spawn to notice. Lucy (the dog) is normally well-behaved (though spoiled as all get out) when treated decently. The kid just upset her that much."
I predict gold for you And don't forget the tip.
i assume you dont like coffee or cigarettes? How often does everyone poop? Just trying to establish what is 'normal' and why I'm so infrequent (once or twice weekly is normal for me).
Cause he is why that man look like he bustin a nut
He choked a bitch twice and then picked up a second dui...ALL IN ONE DAY! Let the wild rumor milling commence!
"Actually, the YouTube snaps in two. I miss the old YouTube I miss the old YouTube, the ""wild west"" YouTube Animated shows YouTube, people you know YouTube I hate the new YouTube, the YouTube Red YouTube Like and subscribe YouTube, please leave a comment YouTube I miss the cheap YouTube, filmed in my room YouTube I gotta say, at that time I'd like to meet YouTube See I invented YouTube, upload and share YouTube And now I look around and there's so many YouTubes I used to love YouTube, I used to love YouTube I even had the ""director's account"" I thought I was YouTube What if YouTube made a video about YouTube? Called ""I miss the old YouTube"" that would be so YouTube That's all it was YouTube, we still love YouTube And I still love you like YouTube loves YouTube."
I actually started playing Mass Effect 1 recently on PC (as I never finished it) to scratch that space exploration itch. the mass effect music is actually very fitting to NMS now that I've heard it.
Yeah but he was the good guy this time and it didnt work -only 2000 tickets sold and lower ppv numbers. As an Aussie boxing supporter I always buy the Mundine fights in hope that he is going to get knocked the fuck out.
"If they were looking at child porn, they did. Pedophila =/= child molestation. They didn't ""do"" anything."
"It's been happening for a long time now, they're just ramping it up now Q: Whats happening in Israel today? A: Some fucked up racist shit"
"Yeah, nah. By all means, go ahead."
Matchbox Twenty - How Far We've Come What song would you want playing as the world ends?
Corey Graves gets his big break Jerry Lawler and his longtime girlfriend arrested on domestic assault charges
"Inb4 Shenron Hanzo. BUT its been confirmed somewhere that the battle cry of Hanzo's ultimate (Ryuu ga waga teki wo kurau!) loosely translates to ""I will shoot you with my arrow of love, and by its power will you eternally bond with the one whose eyes you make direct contact with. This I promise you. Oh, and here's a big dragon because it looks rad."" If that's not foreshadowing of a future possible skin, I just don't know what is."
Immerhin stimmt die Differenz :D. :)
"^^^^^^^^^^^fuck ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^u Let him burn, it's not like he's doing any damage."
Elliot Rodgers in the making. I feel sorry for their kids. Can you imagine your dad saying that to your mom?
That doesn't make a game that isn't 1000 hours not worth $60 .....Theres tons of games that are in the thousands of hours.... that are 30 or less..
Thanks! Nice!
"hah so I did, fixed What deck? You forgot to link the deck."
Maybe I don't understand because I owned an older Mazda... But can someone clarify? I think Mazda drivers can relate to this.
"I didn't, but thanks for insinuating You say that like it's a good thing"
Many people have us beleive we need oxygen to live but that's just apple lies What marketing tricks do we unknowingly fall for?
Metro thanks me irl
"yeah one that I can think of is there's a lip above the entranceway that leads from CT spawn towards B site, you have to get on those silver palettes that you can get over to get into T spawn and then do a fairly hard strafed jump to land it missed a few ;)"
$100 from Swagbucks in my highest earning beermoney month ever How much did everyone make in October??
Siemens woulda had this. TTC doubts Bombardier will meet revised streetcar order schedule
Idk the next major is gonna be a clusterfuck so some good teams will go out early in qualifiers. lol apart from nether team is good enough to qualify for a major.
"*Alyas* actually fits the bill, but yeah, it sucks that they ripped off an older idea without even bothering to add more realistic and relatable elements to it. I'm hoping they incorporate the major issues we have in the country today. The current climate of vigilantism, EJK, and other stuff is just begging to be made into a story. It kinda sucks that they ripped off the main idea. Not that I'd even watch it but it would've been nice if the main theme was original."
"Fully agreed, but some like Wilbon were talking like he is fully to blame and like Lebron didn't have opportunities to shoot because of Kyrie. well being the only one willing to shoot is great, but it's even better when you actually hit a couple shots. the last 6 minutes or so Kyrie went into the dark zone"
"Lol what an obscure reference.. that being said i think i remember what your talking about. If you're old enough to remember it, that particular shade of electric blue when you turned on the VCR but before you put a tape in. I call it ""VCR blue"" and distinguish it from other, similar shades of blue because you can only achieve that shade through that medium."
"title seems clickbait but its actually really practical and useful, upvoted Win gyms easily by using this Gym Counter feature!"
Then you just ask mom. Like guys that break both of their arms?
KING PAPEY didn't forfeit to play dt/tk they forfeited because royalty has an easter dinner. Cloud 9 throws game vs. Liquid in order to play against tK or dT
"who upvotes this? Steam boat leaving Lybia for Italy, creeped me out fully"
"Not now, Roman. Want to go bowling?"
"But ""Peace"" could not describe Tiger's love life. If that was the case, then he would have shared the prize with Tiger Woods."
"As if they don't it already under Obama lmao Unfortunately John McCain, Senator from Arizona, has literally no say over this. Trump will order our clandestine services and our armed forces to commit torture. If you didn't want us to return to being a nation that tortures, you should have told people not to vote for the person who openly and proudly said he would do that."
Shawshank Redemption What's the best movie title you can think of relating to the worst poop you've ever taken? Puns intended.
"He could disrespect me with that face all he'd like. How fucked up does a face have to be to inspire suicide? Like we've all seen some fucked up faces on reddit, so it can't be gorey. So has his face transformed into something rotten that put's Zash as comparable to Miss Universe, or is the Dark Side permeating that his face isn't *that* bad, but affects people?"
"Actually both could have easily move, but, bottom line is that Connoly hit Markov and it was unnessecary. Why does Connolly have to be the one to move? Why didn't Markov move?"
"For countries like Canada and Australia this is valid, but I was thinking of countries like the UK, Belgium, France, Germany, Japan and South Korea. every geographically dense nation"
"Like someone said before, that is a valid criticism of the joke. That's true, but this also wasn't actually funny."
"Fuck you,guy. You can't touch your right elbow with your right hand"
Exactly I think it's just that people who go fascist are upset with the existing system. If they understood the system at all they'd go socialist. At least if they're working class they would.
***PLEASE TURN OFF ALL ELECTRONIC DEVICES*** Buffalo during the blizzard
Which god? Texas Sheriff: Cops Get Their Authority from God
"You're talking completely out of your ass. Yeah so let's take everything away from everybody, have the State assume control of all businesses and media and hand everybody a fucking ration book. Sounds like a plan."
I have no hands No you don't! Pick it back up and take it with you!
ya and what Surprise Surprise Texas resident is Republican.
"I turned 30. Why don't you talk to your once ""best friend"" anymore?"
"The Manipulated Man by Esther Vilar, actually anything by Esther Vilar, The Red Queen, and The Predatory Female. Any places I could read more about this ? Sounds interesting"
"yeah, there's about 12 posts of this exact joke in the last few hours....including 1 just a few minutes before yours America is in labour ..."
Tony Abbott is the Joe Biden of Australia. Tony Abbott's Awkward 3-Way Handshake At G20 With Barack Obama &amp; Shinzo Abe
"Yeah, I thought about that .... My quick internal justification was that the others are listed by game, and that The Giant is not part of the base game. You should've put Juggernog, Speed, Cola, Double Tap, QR, then put (SoE) not BO3. The Giant is Black Ops 3 as well, the perk jingles there sound like the ones in the original game. I wager that they will sound like that in Der Eisendrache as well."
"To me its more of ""happy hahahahehehe"" is it just me or does it sound like a distorted ""help me""...or even creepier distorted laughing"
The joke is that she didn't know he had a Buggati and assumed he didn't have a lot of money You're in the wrong town if the women think a BMW is higher class than a Bugatti.
"Is your saint of a doctor in the sidebar? My actual doctor was the greatest, I asked what age I had to be to get a tubal ans she just asked if I was of sound mind. And then she replied you seem like you're of sound mind. And that was that, haha. Plus, because I make under a certain amount per year &amp; filled out the form on my bill, I was able to get my surgery completely covered. (I encourage everyone to do this if it's a bill they're concerned about, seriously.)"
uh The Minimum Wage Should Be Raised
"After the Kickstarter failed she sold the company to start scamming via Video Games, so you can probably safely buy them. Aside from that Devi Ever makes fairly good pedals (mostly fuzz pedals) and isn't exactly a small name in pedals. Nevertheless I'd never buy Devi Ever again if only because I don't want to support that entitled fucking egomaniac and there are definitely better fuzz pedals out there."
"I think we found the Apple fanboy. Have you heard of GAF? GAF if eager to make money off of you any way they can. That's Google, Amazon, Facebook. These are companies anxious to monetize you. Sell your data to anyone who will buy, including what you talk about. No thanks. BUT, there is one company that's not in there. Thanks Tim Cook."
"He looks a bit shorter as well It may just be the redesign, but it's not only the design, I think he seems to act younger, too."
Brandon Wood Never forget Who's your favorite busted prospect? Mine is Lastings Milledge
"YOU SUCK, DOUCHE! It's 5:27, I'm in the student section drunk, and Indiana still sucks. ON WISCONSIN"
"If I were you, I'd worry more about buildings that had bedbugs. Disheartened by looking at countless LA apartments I've been recently looking at apartments around the Westside. I've driven around and enjoy mid-Wilshire and West Hollywood and would like to possibly stay around the area. I've found and visited great looking apartments but after doing regular Google searches, they often return horrible reviews with horrendous stories. Most often, reviewers report COCKROACHES. I can tolerate many things but infestations is not one of them. I understand the people who have bad experiences are the ones who review the most but after more than one reviewer comments about cockroaches and other insect infestations, I think it's a viable concern. Do all LA apartments have this issue or is it just bad luck?"
I belittle others in order to feel better about myself. When you get depress what do you do to keep yourself motivated and get yourself out of it?
It really sucks They get too attached.
holy shit what the fuck wow TWINE - ROADHOG
Don't you make very little money each time if the odds are clearly in favor of the most likely to win team? I've made like 50 bucks in 3 days. Bet $10 on the team more likely to win and you make pretty easy money.
Is what the chair did Let's take a wild stab in the dark shall we
"Yeah I get what u mean, but this prebuilt doesnt have the common properties in prebuilts like ""super powerful i7, 16gb of ram and a gtx 620"", you at least get to choose your parts so u are kinda building it but paying extra for the assembly process. I'd consider it a pre-built if you're not building it with your own hands. You're still paying extra for someone else to build it for you."
lookin' purty First Time Out as Me! :)
"this begs the question, why don't you want to read the manga? Spoiler Free Zone"
cool thanks man hunger
"Stop spreading FUD man, you sound like an idiot. If you give me your address I can send you some tissues"
Well fuck Just shit brain. I was on my fourth attack and meant to go to items and use a potion and out of blind habit went to him and transferred.
With E max it's pretty easy to scream your enemy into submission. how does a sion kill his lane opponent without ult?
Rekt Well your previous TE was also pretty good at catching people in the head ;)
Well Lol is now playable This would be an awesome Scrabble word. Too bad they don't take acronyms.
that's so raven. WTF is goin on?
"If he dies, he'd have a darwin award for picking a fight with someone bigger than him.... i'm a medic too, you should know that a single punch can be fatal. this guy appears to momentarily lose consciousness, and struggles to recover his equilibrium after that. he will probably recover, but his brain is damaged. i just really can't imagine laughing at one of my friends for being punchdrunk."
"My kitten, then the stuffed animal I've had since childhood. Your bedroom has been ransacked. What is the first thing you check to make sure is still there?"
get your feet off the bench you filthy animal Any love for the backboards?
Who would buy the notes though other than the banks and they can only take it with a tax declaration. One good way to launder would be to sell the high denomination notes at a discount rate for lower notes.
Gas station would be good. I hope a gas station tbh. The number of times i had to gamble late at night to fill up my tank on Scott is ridiculous.
**DON'T PUT THAT IN YOUR MOUTH** Only thing I can come up with is what happens sometimes during childbirth....
She doesn't contact cook just beer and crack. actually the woman in the photo looks like she cooks hamburger helper
"Yes. Pogba is not gone this year, max already turned down an 80 mil from barca"
Ryan McPartlin as Captain Awesome in Chuck What actor or actress was absolutely perfect in their role?
Source? Unranked MMR doesn't transfer to ranked.
"or he never plays party ranked. If he has 4.1k party it means he wins as much a 4k player when he plays with his party Either that or he barely plays party, which is bad, sure, but nothing to do, the most fundamental point of a mm system is that you need a good sample of games"
AVG is worse than any virus I've ever had. AVG Proudly Announces It Will Sell Your Browsing History To Online Advertisers
Oops Wow you could have said Empire vs The Rebellion or the First Order vs the Resistance but you just had to go and FUCK IT UP.
I noticed it earlier on the ESPN ticker too but never posted about it because I couldn't find anywhere else that said it. Got a source? Injury report lists him as questionable.
"It's an antenna that you get from playing the beta, it's pretty limited, but it doesn't go for much. Sorry; what's a beta nugget?"
"Im not about to try to get Moltres out of the PC Stop Grinding, head to Victory Road. Wild Pokemon are Level 40-50 there. We can level up there...and maybe catch Moltres! Not like this will change anything...I just know all the high level ROCK pokemon (that are weak to air will turn Bird Jesus into a BEAST)"
Someone just finished a true detective binge. Armed Alabama fan to set up camp in Oxford in attempt to catch Ole Miss cheating
"Yes, but people who no how to micro can scout with familiars You can't scout with familiars. You clearly don't play the hero."
"Yeah, it looks like garrison's ult box I think its a banner icon but I'm not sure"
"Burn it then drink the ashes in one sitting and go on with my life. If you had 365 days to eat a standard wooden door, how would you go about it?"
Northern New Jersey fans that have been watching hockey for 5+ years. Who exactly are Devils fans?
"Nope, flawless on an old Galaxy Note 2 even. Are you talking PC? I just assumed you were talking Android emulation"
It's from World of Warcraft Whats Frostmourne? sounds like an mmo thing
"Pataki gave up his last shred of dignity with the outrageous fees he tried to force on SUNY students to support union thuggery and illegal immigrant handouts. FUCKING TRAITOR GEORGE PATAKI ENDORSES KUCKSICH AND TRASHES TRUMP ON FOX. Former governor of NY during 9/11 just threw Trump under the bus. You're dead to me, George Pataki. Sincerely, a New Yorker."
"funny, but you can't compare to the beetles, they command the splits because of their popularity. A good comparison because the musicians receive help the same way modders receive help. Even behind The Beatles is a long list of mixing engineers, mastering engineers, producers, live sound guys, distributors, managers, acoustic engineers, the list goes on and on. I guess what I'm saying is that we all get by with a little help from our friends."
"She's no Liberace, that's for sure Wendi Richter was pretty hot, not off the scale, but pretty hot."
"And just like Canada, we're good. Australia's constitution has the same provision for New Zealand, referring to it as a ""state of Australia"" in the document to simplify any future merger."
"That's funny, I used to have the exact same problem with Windows, leading me to change for Ubuntu Master Race :o Have you rebooted in the past month? The older my system grows, the longer applications take to launch. What gives? I installed my 12.04 system when it came out and since then, I have noticed that day after day, applications take longer and longer to start to a point where it is becoming quite bothering. Should I purge anything?"
"Oil/gas/coal, still king of the hill. House Votes To Block Light Bulb Efficiency Standards"
P U C K F R I E S T Such great plays from Strifecro manhandling the freeze mage. Freaking awesome to see. Fuck freeze mage.
Gay Sports
"ITT: 5% legit answers, 95% made-up quotes for karma. What is the most ""bronze"" thing someone has ever said to you in game? I just had a game where I was against a Yasuo mid who got first blood on me, but there proceeded to die 4 times to me. After the 24 min surrender, he goes ""wow noob champ counters me, get first blooded"" I lost it."
"Skid games aka xmodgames ipad unresponsive after a sound when i am on youtube for example at a random point the video will pause and i will hear a short sound that sounds like an advertismant,(what i mean by that is that its as if you were to watch an AD without the video) my device will be completely be un-usable so i need to restart the device and rejailbreak, this happed 3 times Please help"
"Very true, though I still live in hope. GRRM is probably referring to bran"
I would hope EMS would know that's not what a seizure looks like. LPT: faking a seizure can get you a ride in an ambulance.
"#HORRIK, UNLEASH THE CANNONS ""horrik_unleash_the_cannons.mp3""-instability. doesnt scale with volume settings and is always set to max volume As a dear headset user that would be a very wellcome change."
Its a rapper being a dick to a mentally challenged person. 50 made fun of someone who happened to have a mental handicap. Idk how that video would remind you of it in the slightest.
"What I don't understand is why ""small government"" conservatives want the state to literally police bathrooms and decide who gets to use which one. I still don't understand why people in those states want big burly dudes going in women's restrooms. I don't understand what the fight is about? You want to force people born male who have since turned into women through reassignment to go into mens restrooms? Why?"
"No, why? Are you in the Florida tiki Facebook group?"
"""I don't know if I've ever mentioned it before but I'm black"" - Larry Wilmore That and the the nightly show are God awful."
"I stuck my tongue out at you because I was joking, my man &lt;3 take it easy Did I say Envyus is #1? No then it has nothing to do with Envy. Fnatic is #1."
"I haven't felt this stupid in a long time. Check your time zone. Right click on clock, left click adjust time/date"
"Chichi's ruin everything :( sorry for your lose and your trapped future once you have a baby gohan at lest the attention will be on him and you'll be free to train again. I've been the one posting all the figures recently. I have ~100 of em that I collected over YEARS, and now I have to sell most if not all of them to fund my move into another place with my future ChiChi."
"Learn to post an image properly, or do they not teach that in makeup school? Eviscerate me"
"Comment graveyard below, do not enter. Mourinho: ""I knew that Ferguson was retiring many months ago. I would have turned down every job in the world - the Manchester United job, everyone - for Chelsea.'"
"/unjerk you know, when trans people are gay 10 times as frequently as cis people are, that's not a terrible way to look at it. /unjerk might actually start specifying that I'm hypergay aka trans"
"Tissues, hair ties/rubber bands and quite possibly Benadryl or Advil if you have pets. What do Women look for in a man's house? I am college student moving into his first house with a couple close friends. Were a group of out-going social guys, yet very clean. My question is what do women (especially in their early twenties) look for when at a guys house?"
Semi relevant user name...I think... It seems there's gonna be alot of family trouble coming light.
"Why would OP want to take him to get his clothes cleaned? Take this guy to the cleaners. Sue him for legal fees, time not riding/in the shop, time off work, pain and suffering and emotional worry over the suit...sue him right down to the cost of every every stamp and envelope it cost you to deal with this bullshit. Then double it because fuck this asshole. That all being said, **I would strongly encourage you to delete this thread** as well as limit how much you discuss about the case on a publicly viewable site until after the case is closed. Reason being, you can bet this scumbag's lawyer and insurance co will both be looking around with a fine toothed comb to find some technicality/admittance of something you did that because of some dumb legal footnote will let them bone you."
"Are plastic bills easy to launder? I'm once again reminded how awesome the new Canadian bills are. Being plastic, they don't get moist. They can also be washed really easily."
Crude but that pretty much sums it up. There's no shortage of pretty-faced bimbos willing to get paid for doing absolutely nothing. If they ever complained about wages they would be fired and replaced with the next whore waiting in line for a job.
"Nay, Reboot was the shit. What about AHH MONSTERS ? Or Roco's modern life?"
"Phenderix Magic World adds a divine archetype. Any kind of paladin/crusader/angel type of mod? Basically a mod that gives you offensive holy spells, probably some good looking armor and preferably something like wings."
I provided a bunch of good sources that go into detail on money laundering post-demonetization in another comment here. Surely you can get more info since your father is well connected.
When bitcoin has the monetary base of a medium sized nation state it will be as stable as a medium sized nation state. Actually some places you can but aside the point paypal represents real money in your account. Correlating 1 to 1 with how much money actually have that won't change. Bit coin is more of a stock than anything else. A niche stock.
"Spoken like a child that's had neither an office job, nor one of the high paying jobs that you claim do not give breaks or lunches during the work day. The jobs where you make a lot of money are pretty no nonsense when it comes to wasting company time."
lmao Ayy burys in news
"Blue Mountain State What are some 20 min TV series worth watching? I usually watch something on Netflix when I'm having breakfast or dinner. I have watched TV programs like How I Met Your Mother and Family Guy. I'm looking for more of entertainment like that. TV shows that are about 20 minutes long per episodes and are in the comedy genre. Do you have recommendations? If this is the wrong thread, please let me know where I should ask. Thanks."
"Has he started saying ""maaaate"" and/or ""cunt"" a lot more? My friend just returned from being in New Zealand for six months and upon returning pointed out how much us Canadians say eh My friend was in new New Zealand for the past six months and after getting back to canada and hanging out with us he pointed out how much we really say eh! you dont realize how much you say it until someone comes from where they dont so it nearly as much as we do!"
"I mean... now everyone will think he has a small penis! Sorry ""Mom"", hopefully things didn't get too awkward."
"Rick is killing other ricks in other universes, so they can't be saved by even more ricks The good rick theory SPOILER WARNING: (NSFW) Ok so, I've been hearing a lot of theories about what rick gets locked up for. One of the big ones is fucking up the whole multi-verse. That's why he says ""everything"". Essentially rick is a bad guy. In addition to this in the councils of ricks episode they pull him in for allegedly killing 27(or whatever it is) other ricks. Now since there are infinite universes surely there are an equal amount of ricks that have saved those 27 and stopped rick c-137 (assuming it's him The whole time) from doing bad stuff meaning he's not bad. So why are they punishing him since he's technical completely morally neutral since infinite universe mean all the bad and the good should cancel out. Opinions?"
"Then I'll be sure to never purchase anything from them here on out. Raven's Cry Developer says ""Anything above 30FPS does not matter for the gaming experience"""
"The bastards. With the multiplayer code being rewritten from the ground up, it would certainly be possible to implement. I'd suggest posting it on the forums, as Keen doesn't seem to check the subreddit much."
"even as far as laptops go its absurd, you can buy an i7 6700 laptop with a 1060 for $1600. I know! I wasn't holding back there to be honest - i was trying to match the same $4300 price tag apple throws on it's laptops. And i still couldn't reach it. I think nowadays its just so logical to build your own PC. Parts are in abundance, resources and education are a plenty - and it can fit most budgets... :)"
"You're telling me. tbh, she should have known that would happen with a stupid name like that. Heh, I would hate my life if I was named Chris..."
"...or two. Sorry, Caila, but your prince is in another castle."
"This is a match thread we don't have time to see think analyse and write I can't believe some of the comments about Sterling on here, he's been our best player by far whilst playing out of position and you're still all giving him shit"
"Ikr, so pitiful... So tell me wheres your heavens edge :3 Lvl900 archfiend... So cute ( o 3o )"
"FB Billy Butler against lefties is very underrated in my opinion. favorite under the radar power hitters who are some guys that arent talked about a lot you have as your best power hitters that you have extensive use with either on your team or through numerous br drafts? some of mine are fb carlos gomez- even though he smacks lefties, ive hit for great power with him from rhp as well. had a home run with him in 4 straight ABs in br once jason kipnis- when i put him at 2b in h2h ive hit for great power with him. fb carl crawford- as great as his contact is, i have so many home runs with him from simply sitting high fastball due to pitchers weary of bunt cheese. rookie ryan howard-although his power is maxed out vs rhp so i guess he isnt under the radar, he is an absolute monster silver option in br. hit so many memorable (just in terms of wow factor) home runs with him rookie braun- although his power numbers are amazing i dont see him talked about a lot on here. he is a top 5 player in the game for me and consistently hits home runs when i pull him in br"
"I thought it would be redudant to mention him since he's in his prime ,but edited! Melo is in his prime right now, and Pablo is 35 years old and a defensive pest to even the quickest guards today. Imagine him younger and more athletic."
"I'd go 30k to Tizca for a day. Either Valinor from Tolkien's Silmarillion, or Ancient Terra from Warhammer 40k."
That's why... you're not a judge. I would fine the asshole suing with contempt of court for wasting my fucking time. I would also literally throw my mallet and any book of law I could find.
Now *that's* the wisdom of Silencer. I feel like the comic would've been better with no text.
"Did you get friendzoned by your facial hair? Right? If I had a beard, I'd treat it right, with true respect and love. WHY DO THE ASSHOLES ALWAYS GET THE BEARDS!?!!11"
They're different burr sets with the Vario being aimed more at espresso and the Sette being a multi-purpose. Is the Vario better or worse?
I see what you did there. We Cho'Gath players are gentlemen.
I just can't figure out this is posturing to drive up turnout in NV with their base or if they're legitimately going after this. Seems like something Trump's lawyers would do
"MoCo? He's a fantastic depth player and a great guy all around to have on the ice. He has great leadership qualities... It really sucks to not see him in the NHL this year, especially since he's a local boy to my area."
Obligatory what is this show? So I don't know if anyone else noticed this lmao!
"As am I, as am I. This fedora is a confident expression of my bravery. Being enlightened by my own intelligence."
"Well, except that when i modify the terms of the license and cross of certain clauses they still accept the terms of my counter-offer by not complaining. Well technically a license isn't a sale. It's a contract that allows you to use the software, but you don't own it. Licenses have been around for ever- this isn't a groundbreaking decision. When you purchase a license you abide by terms of the license. If you don't like it, don't buy it."
Overwatch. Better question: what game is this?
"Because that right there, earth, is dying:(( but why?"
"Hopefully, she'll do the knee thing later that night. Ahhhh the knee thing, got to have the knee thing. Want."
You should always bring a bottle or a 12 pack for donating to a bar you like. My impression is that the free bars is one of the most mind-blowing facts to your average person.
Woop woop as long as he wasnt rushed in ZUCKER IN!
"Valken, Nelson and APX Decent Paintballs For Rec use? I have recently picked up a Speedball gun, an ion from SmartParts, which I've been told is good for a starter gun, as I've been playing paintball for a few months now. What's some decent paint for like $40 a case (2000 paintballs) for rec use. Basically playing against rentals and shooting a maximum distance of 50ft. Any help is appreciated, thanks! *Sorry for bad formatting, I'm in school doing this on my phone*"
The cold How? Do they know what the reason for that is?
Their commercials are funny. Ugh this please dont hate me guys
Scrotty McBoogerballs What's your name?...
And that got the manager fired. Last time we did this bad we won the champions league.
He's too scared to chat shit Ruud Van Nistelrooy on Vardy.
"if they want to flood the market, why was a massive stock of rhino horns burned a few weeks ago? TIL of a Biotech firm that can create fake rhino horns indistinguishable from real ones, and plans to flood the market with them so as to crash the price of Rhino horns and disincentive poaching. - todayilearned"
This... this is really apt. If you aren't paying for the product then you are the product being sold. I'm surprised feminists aren't in an uproar.
"I just like the triple alliteration chain you got going on there, that's a fucking fun sentence to say. Pau gonna dad dick Butler back to Tomball Texas."
Should be a hate crime 4 charged after man beaten following car crash as bystanders yelled anti-Trump taunts
"That sounds very sinister, like they might lobotomize him if he doesn't go with the system and so he wont leave. It's too late for him/her, they've been institutionalized by now"
A testicle descends if you are a man. What only happens TWICE in a lifetime?
WTF he scored a Free-kick Cristiano Ronaldo goal vs Sporting CP (1-1)
I joined c: I made a new Neopets account a few days ago when we first started kicking the idea around on Twitter. Buffalo Wizards Neopets Guild
6!=6 * 5!=6 * 5 * 4! 6!=6*5!
"Yes, but they lost their software patents. I doubt they're going to put AOSP on there. They just mean that they'll keep the vanilla look, and add their features into that."
"You make it sound like you can catch being a rapist. yeah, but not everyone who is a potential rapist is a psychopath. it's about getting to those people who are at risk of being rapists."
"Makarov. Is there automatic hand gun equivalent of the AK 47? - Not by brand but geographical spread, usage and availability."
The spoiler is the photo caption! Norman Reedus posted this article by TV Guide on the mid season finale. A hint of what's to come? (Season 5 spoilers)
"Z-splash is kinda pointless when mimikyu already learns sd I tried z-splash Mimikyu out for a bit, they should have named it z-crushing disappointment. ):"
"Constant propulsion of some sorts, yeah. But if you want to be geo stationary at a lower orbit you will need some mechnism to keep the orbit"
"X-Files son, the episode where Maulder and the guy from Area 51 swap bodies. Is that two different people? What's this from?"
"With the requirement to safely transport an egg. If I had the money I would totally start a self driving car grand prix, no engineering advantages barred. I think we would see some very interesting vehicle designs."
"Some poorly written sites rely on the ad DIV size to align content. Depending on the implementation, how would this be any different than adding the ad provider to one's hosts file?"
"Pure Horatio Alger! Thanks! Just a couple years ago I was in a one bedroom apartment, I know those feels yo."
Pun chains. What is always good on reddit?
Ever since you guys ran Bill Belechick out of town for benching Bernie Kosar the Browns have been cursed. Honest Promo for Cleveland Browns 2016 Season Tickets
"Go hawks! You read that in your Russell Wilson voice, didn't you?"
"Before 14, it's a creepiness singularity. Rule starts at 14 - Dating before then doesn't really count, and that means the youngest you can go at 14 is 14. It then increases by 6 months for every year you age."
It's super weird lol Same boat but different. I'm a guy who dated men exclusively for years. Currently with a woman. It's a weird spot to be in.
Maybe he got the Extremis treatment and doesn't need the prostheses anymore. Looks like someone literally crapped out all of their medical prostheses. What the fucking fuck.
"Then one time...he waved to me for the last time. Yeah, my father used to waive at me all the time!"
This deserves more updoots My third T.A.R.D.I.S- Minecraft VFX video. (bigger on the inside Video Effect)
Someone should tell them there were leaders other than Hitler and Pol Pot Maybe we should all just throw ourselves off a bridge. Flyer found at a liberal arts college
"Don't fade the GOAT Fading this one, last guys tails of tails are ice cold when tailing a tail."
Cat. Cat.
"Yep, unfortunately. Don't you have to be adjacent to a mountain for an observatory?"
"Wait, they're shading the water, but then they heat it by using it to cool themselves? Floatovoltaics - floating solar panels have advantages"
Instead of a gradient you could try to make it 3d by having a darker outline on the bottom and add a drop shadow. Thanks :)
celtics 2100 - 2099 - 2098 - 2097 - 2096 - 2095 - 2094 - 2093 - 2092 - 2091 2090 - 2089 - 2088 - 2087 - 2086 - 2085 - 2084 - 2083 - 2082 - 2081 2080 - 2079 - 2078 - 2077 - 2076 - 2075 - 2074 - 2073 - 2072 - 2071 2070 - 2069 - 2068 - 2067 - 2066 - 2065 - 2064 - 2063 - 2062 - 2061 2060 - 2059 - 2058 - 2057 - 2056 - 2055 - 2054 - 2053 - 2052 - 2051 2050 - 2049 - 2048 - 2047 - 2046 - 2045 - 2044 - 2043 - 2042 - 2041 2040 - 2039 - 2038 - 2037 - 2036 - 2035 - 2034 - 2033 - 2032 - 2031 2030 - 2029 - 2028 - 2027 - 2026 - 2025 - 2024 - 2023 - 2022 - 2021 2020 - 2019 nba champs celtics 2018 nba champs
"I saw that, but no avoidance, no wall riding etc, I can honestly say as playing Lucio especially in that area I rarely touch the floor, there's so many walls and pillars to surf between it's like a Lucio play ground It looked like he right clicked too early. Based off of him running into the corner I think he wanted to launch hanzo into the center area"
"def stronger Raiden is definitely significantly faster, and I think he might be stronger. He takes this more often than not."
"Nice, got me some new songs. Spring Awakening Playlist: All the big hits by the artists of the entire weekend."
Won't be surprised if he skips it. BYE OBAMA!!
"Right, but being banned by both Israel and an Arab state and then shunned by HSBC - that is significant being banned in the United Arab Emirates is not necessarily a bad thing. The GCC countries would call every human rights organisation that reports on them 'terrorists' if they could get away with it"
Is probably can But can is play Crysis...
*cough*Forsberg*cough* I always forget Steener was a Leaf. It's hard to watch guys like that and remember that they're most likely only good because they got traded and got more opportunity. Cody Eakin is another one for us
George Zimmerman for me. Never realized with that Rusev with short hair looks like jirard the completionist
"I live in Pinellas county, Sunstar isn't hard to get hired with but it's all als so EMTs drive.. They do both 911 and ift, doing 911 you will get inter facility transports but normally not more than two a shift.. Normally 10-14 calls in a 12 hr shift... Most people don't stay too long or they also work for a fire department.. Anyone from Tampa,Fl. Wondering how easy it would be to find an EMT job out there thats not IFT. EMT for 8 years and 5 has heen with FDNY. Any info would be great."
Are their ears that big because of being hit so much? Fight of the Ear
"Have you seen Better Call Saul? Office by day, dorm room by night"
You are free to believe as you wish. You said 'why would she chose this shady law firm'. If you can't provide evidence that it was ever considered shady before the leaks then the answer to your question is quite simply 'because it wasn't seen as a shady law firm'. Is that not absolutely self evident? You can't look at something that was revealed after the fact and then claim that people knew about it before that without anything to support that assertion. I didn't ever say whether I thought she was or wasn't avoiding paying taxes. I was simply responding to your ridiculously misguided question.
"For a second I thought this was a joke... and then I saw that she calls herself ""The Bone Vampire."" Everyone knows you're emotionally invincible if you belong to a majority group!"
"You don't have to answer a cops questions. Just out of curiosity, why is Jenn not in more trouble for clear obstruction of justice then? Is fear of getting in trouble really an acceptable excuse by the courts?"
"It always does when Bitcoin is involved. Well, that escalated quickly.TM"
"ugh ""women dont *know* what they want"" maybe you dont know how to listen This shit is so irritating"
"ugh I couldn't do that job Just the thought makes me squirm. I work with spinal cord injury patients, and let me tell you, if you still have so much as brain activity, there's hope."
"Believe me, that's what the rest of us have been trying to tell you insufferable faggots for quite some time :) STFU"
Only worried about disinformation that doesn't fit the narrative. if you're worried about disinformation maybe don't have an unsourced twimg as your top link
That family made a sign specifically asking for his shoes lol...pander much? Stephen Curry Gives a Lucky Young Fan His Haight Street Shoes After Scoring 51 Against The Magic
"Cleanup on aisle 3, cleanup on aisle 3 *And I jizzed in my pants...*"
Reason number #517 that you couldn't pay me thousands of dollars a year to take care of a cat. Cat Logic
or the Dad Alliance get behind me ;) I can seriously get behind that Dads Alliance.
"coerced consent isn't consent Just stating the law, but okay."
Tell that to this sub This sub isn't even supposed to be a circlejerk.
I want that between my legs. Yamaha introduces the XSR900
They dont. How do these paranoid nutbags even go outside?
You must *really* love biking! Riding my bike freezing my balls and face off
I think all that was proved was who is the bigger retard Whos the real winner here?
"Yes they did, I specifically remember this happening in Bakersfield almost 2 years ago. Psychotic Clowns"
Hopefully memorable because they're cool instead of memorable for their embarrassment like in BvS Man you already know there's gonna be a thousand more memorable lines in the movie now.
"The Vatican has a great PR department. TIL Pope Francis has ventured out at night, dressed as a regular priest, to meet with homeless men and women."
"Well ya, but depending on the person, those two could both be true. You could assume that, but you'd probably be wrong. ""They let you do it because you're a star"". Not ""they let you do it because they want it to be done""."
"I'm disappoint by the lack of NSFW u.u You know what they say: If you want Rule Pony-Four of something, you gotta do it yourself. (LEGO Movie)"
"You can sell Skooma and Moon Sugar to Khajiit merchants, such as Ra'Virr in Balmora :) This game is amazing yo, but I got a lot of questions like wtf is with the skooma hate? First off this game is very fun to play, you got the quests with just simple instructions telling you what to do and you do it and it works, its amazing. I'm likin the feeling of being lost all the time but there is been a few things thats bin buggin me -What the fuck is what all the bloody hate for mooon sugar and the skooma, damn every merchant be like naw mate, you gotta remove the sugar first. Naw man I needs the skooma. - Talkin about the Nords, why some nords like that outlaw outside Hola Od(that coast village near balmora) be like super strong. You got the simple enemy, thinking the dungeon be easy and then bam you see the fucking Nord be knocking you down and be taking you out in like 2 fucking hits. Not fair if you ask me. - Where do I get one of them fancy longblades, all I keep seeing is cool shortswords with fancy effects while I got a simple sword with no effect, just a sword. Where do I get them higher level swords? - How do I make it up to Fargoth, I feel like I screwed him over for that 100 gold and he aint even do nothing wrong and now I got like fucking 7k. - IS there a seller in the game that has some gold, I stole me some of the fancy soul gems when the khajit at the mages guild told me to switch out the gem. ythy were just sittin there, figures why not take some. One of them is like 60k value, its crazy. - Whats with these damn assasins, fuking hell man why they keep attacking me, theres nothing in the journal, I got no quests about them or anything, what did I miss.]. Every now and then I be resting and these fuckers keep popping up. I killed one and I took its armor but mate it was too fucking strong. Like I had chitin armor and it was12 armor and then the assasins armor was like 40 something. It made no sense to me, cause none of them other armors was that good,, wtf. So I was doin the dungeon and I realized I was not taking damage so I left the armor and went back to chittin and now I die again. - Whats with them cliffracers, yo they be breaking my immersion by just freezing in the air and fucking getting stuck on everything. I just wanna fight the fucker but naw now he stuck and I got to shimmy around till I can get the hits, complete bullshit. - I dont understand personality, I got he lady gift man and it give me super personality but what it do man? like I still gotta bribe people, no body divulging any secrets, but everyone know about solstheim though. Also how I increase it - So I got my destruction quite high cause I be using it yeah but I barely got restoration, like all my restoration spells have a 71 percent chance of passing while the dstruction is 100. How I restoration up if I barely use it and why is it 71 and not a 100, its major skill man. - Why no silt strider in Pelgaid? - HOw I free them prisoners at dren plantation cause I see no dialogue option, I tell you man that 65 personality aint do shit. -I got a quest, I broke into this manor in balmora and the dude was dead but its all good, though he had a slave and that was a bit wierd. Like why aint she leave yet/ Ayway she tells me the murdderer description and I go around town asking for it. I find out its the dude at council club, but there is a problem yeah. I killed all the people in the council club cause some dude at some fort was like you need to kill the bad people and they was enemy #1 for bros at theives guild so I did what was necessary. What do I do with the quest now? - Its cool right like if you join all the guilds and shit, like there no conflict between them right? - HOw I make the potion, I mean the good ones like I dont want no bloody 2 health, like I want the quality ones. How I make them, I read that book ingame but it doesn't give no recipes just what each plant do. - DO items stay where you drop them the entire game, I dropped a sword in balmora like when I got there and its still there. - I joined the imperial cult but where do I get the quests? - I got an issue, sometime I be explloring and I come upon a location and I feel that the location dont have much to offer much but its probably used for later. Like those tombs, should I just raid them or wait for a quests. Like is every location/dungeon used in a game for a quests or are there location which are meant to be stumbled upon and thats it. - Ahnaasi is a friend"
"Correia wasn't a decorated boxer at all, she was an accountant who beat up Ronda's scrub friends. same thing happened to ronda after her fight with correra. correra was supposed to be a scary boxer, ronda dismantled her and thought she would do the same to holly, another decorated boxer/kickboxer."
Season 4 isnt that long really Still my favorite song from S3 and 4.
"because the editor sucks balls I changed mine, but the changes are fairly minor and primarily related to color the logo editor in particular is awful How come there are so many teams with stacked lineups but default uniforms. I'll face teams with diamond players, and or huge records which clearly shows they play alot of DD. There are so many teams like that I face but their uniforms are the default all white and all grey ones, the ones that you get when you first start DD. If you have a great team why not have a uniform to go along with your team. If there are people here who don't edit their uniform why?"
"I'm so fucking tired of his bullshit ""Adrian Peterson is seething and will show the world"""
"Specifically, constitutional freedom. Freedom is also a huge conservative buzzword. Despite the fact that conservatives are the primary advocates of policies that limit my freedom. It's pretty hilarious actually."
"I mean i have like 250 or 300 times this year so its not crazy Based on my year, for this average to exist, some guy out there seriously *fucks*."
In bed with Jeanie? Where is Phil?
"But mud and sand are different , just because the ask fails one test doesn't win one test doesn't prove anything They already compared the AR and the AK in mud tests."
"Hulk for sure... still hoping Which characters are you hoping don't get awful tier 2s?? The tier 2 system seems to be becoming worse and worse with every update. Despite the high cost to take a character from tier 1 to 2 a lot of them have been really weak. We thought it couldn't get any worse than Black Panther then along came Sin's which was even worse. And the worst ones tend to be most of those in the recent updates. Around half the characters have yet to be given a tier 2. So I thought I'd make this post for a bit of fun to see which characters you don't want to see getting Sin level tier 2s (Sin has 20% dodge, terrible stat increase with only 300 extra HP, check it out in Marvel Universe section) or those similar to the rest of the bad ones. For me it would probably be Hulk (still waiting for more info on his upcoming tier 2) or Captain Marvel as they need a strong upgrade to even compete nowadays and I might even consider quitting if this continues as quite a few characters I use have already received poor ones. Which future tier 2s are you hoping aren't terrible?"
"COUGH SHARPENED VOLCANO FRAGMENT COUGH Yep! As much as I would LOVE to see new (good) weapons,there are *alot* of balances and changes to be done to existing weapons. *Cough,SunonaStick,Cough*"
"Well thats a huge relief, thanks a bunch! It did have a back plate."
"Well when the alternative is dying of thirst.... ""incidentally, that's also a useful fact for how to survive in the desert"" Actually, it's a big risk to drink cactus water because some varieties contain hallucinogenic compounds. (I don't have a punchline, that just bugged my bio major brain.)"
"Thank you! That is gorgeous! It looks really lovely, great job!!!"
"Kinda sounds like you're just surrounded by people who presume all the time! What is the proper ettitquette when people always assume you will be the one to ""help"" them move, or do hard labor, etc. CONSTANTLY. I recently turned 30. And, being a late bloomer my entire life (lost my last tooth as a sophomore in HS, it was my canine, and I had a GF who I mostly laid on my couch in my room and learned how to kiss. Awkward. Point being, I reached my full height as a senior in HS, freshman in college but was always REALLY thin. 125 lbs as a senior, 135-40 (freshman 15!) in college... I finally hit my genetic plan in the past few years. Getting up to about 220 lbs. With low body fat. It comes in handy a lot (people assume I'm hard to fight and bring it up a lot, girls like it), but as we all know it is a double edged sword (flying is hell, as is buying clothes, hats are really hard for me to find as well)... But, as I've matured, my friends have found ""serious GF's"", fiances or wives. Bought houses, condos, townhomes, etc. No matter what the situation. I am the one they go to when it's time to move. It is assumed I can handle things on my own, valuable things. And I can, but I don't fucking want to. Not bi-monthly. It reminds me of a friend of mine whose parents I met once. And then he said they wanted to have me over for dinner. So I came, feeling like found me interesting, or well rounded. When I showed up for dinner in nice clothes the dad looked at me and said ""What the hell are you wearing? Shit, I may have my older Brothers Wet suit for you"", he did, I felt like the hulk squeezed into tiny latexy foam pants, building and installing a dock at his house. I was furious. I felt lied to. I didn't want to help them with their projects, under false pretenses. The dad kept complaining I was ""lazy"", the nerve. Fuck you man, pay someone to do this, I'm waste deep in a literal freeway run off pond, installing cinder blocks... for no pay. They tried a few other times to get me to come over. My friend would get pissed and go on and on about how lazy I was. I just said I didn't want to spend my free time building shit for strangers who didn't want to pay me. I did stop over to pick him up once and his dad again asked for my help for a quick second, and my Minnesotan passive aggressiveness ended up making me miss a movie in exchange for lifting endless bags of cement to help build some sort of above ground pool deck monstrosity. That's the basic idea now. I am large. Therefore I owe people not only my free time (which wouldn't be an issue, really, they're my friends) but basically the ability to be on call, whenever, to help them move, lift an engine block with them, find them when they're drunk and walking home and stumbling across a nice TV taht has been left out for solid waste removal... I've said no. But people simply call me lazy. So, I can't win. I don't want money, I do want to help my friends when they need it, but I am being taken advantage of by people who wouldn't help me if I needed similar help (""you can't do that on your own?"" or ""with your dad"" (he's basically my twin who flopped out 27 years before I did)... All I ask is for respect and periodic reciprocity for similar deeds. I get neither. They act it's an unfair comparison, as I am bigger, and therefore it takes no effort, while they are short and skinny, and it's not fair to ask. A couch is a couch, it's not heavy, it's just cumbersome. And it's about the time it takes. Not the effort one exerts. Wow, this turned into a much longer diatribe than I had expected... Probably should've went for a bike ride before posting this... TL;DR- People think that since I am bigger than them that I should always be on call to help them move, or pick up scrap. Basically they only consider the effort it would take me compared to them, and not the time it takes. And they never offer to help me when I float the idea out there. So... What do you guys do? Should I have sex with their wives?"
"Can you smoke weed? Alcohol is a huge no for me, which is fine I've never really liked being under the influence anyways. Staying hydrated is a also very important and getting enough sleep too."
I'm guessing cause he actually doesn't comment about ongoing investigations? Why be cagey about the Clinton Foundation? Transparency just took a back seat.
"Yes, it's in the Vault. Right I'll get that on the list then! It's on EA Access too right? Cheers"
"Yeah especially because it's odorless, nobody will notice that they're inhaling it I'm not sure whether to be concerned or to laugh. I think inhaling too much axe body spray is seriously dangerous."
Was that spray-on cheese? MRW Preparing for the Super Bowl.
"But did they make a meme about it? This happened to me years ago, but I was the asshat in the other car. I passed two cars I thought were going too slowly in a rural area before sunrise. Just as soon as I got around them, I hit a deer and wrecked my car. Both drivers pulled over and were extremely nice. Neither laughed in my face and one gave me a ride into town (pre-cell phone era). Learned a lesson that day."
"Hey, just trying to spread optimism Let's save that for a White Lantern movie."
"Your mental gymnastics are incredible. Endorsements are fine, telling people you plan on voting X way with your super delegate vote a year before the first primary is another matter. If super delegates still served their original purpose Hillary would have been denied the nomination at the convention."
"I'm just bursting into laughter alone in my room reading this Police training in verbal judo: Instructor: ""Ok class, so it's important to use verbal judo to gain a tactical advantage. We have Elroy here to help with this demonstration. He is an informant that we've used. Ok Elroy, pretend I just stopped you and asked you if you have any drugs, and you get hostile."" Elroy: ""Ok.... Ahem... None of your damn business, pig! Death to cops!"" Instructor: (Pulls out gun.) BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! ""Drop your gun! Stop resisting! Stop resisting!"" Elroy: (On ground, bleeding.) ""Uhnngngnn."" Instructor: ""Drop your gun! Stop resisting! I feared for my life!"" (Holsters gun, cuffs Elroy, then gets up.) ""Ok class, any questions?"" Cadet: ""But you didn't use verbal judo. You just shot the guy..."" Instructor: (Pulls out gun.) BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! ""Drop your gun! Stop resisting! Stop resisting!"" Cadet: (On ground, bleeding.) ""Uhnngngnn."" Instructor: ""Ok class, any more questions?"""
The seller was ready for action Nope!
"Well, the tea is essentially mandatory. I'm Anglican and I'm not running out in the streets dancing. We aren't *forced* to do anything."
"Greenspan will increase in price as supplies run out. Yes flaskful of hollow gives Merry Smithness. For the Uncle Greenspan, I is profitable up to about 500 more meat each I think is how the math came out. Personally I skip it."
"Grizzlies, because if they can get out of the shithole they were in, then there's hope for my team after all. Fans of teams not in the playoffs, who will you be pulling for? OKC will be my western conference team and Boston will be my eastern conference team."
Under investing in infrastructure is not a good idea. Third World problems in Murica?........sheesh
You'd rather see me and a pimp than me and Lorenzo rollin' in the benzos Benzos have genuinely left me afraid to ever take any pill again. It's the only fear I think about on a regular basis.
"Someone needs to edit those flag pictures - I can't tell where the flag ends and the white background of Wikipedia starts. TIL the flags of Monaco, Indonesia, Alsace, Vienna, Salzburg, Hesse, and the Swiss canton of Solothurn are essentially identical, differing only in proportion."
"I think it would be easier to provide you with a source of counties/countries that don't arrest disproportionately...NONE! Can anyone provide sources on counties where men are arrested disproportionately in DV cases? Additionally, can anyone show me some sort of evidence showing that this is due to bias in the system and not bias of individual police officers? Sorry mods IDK how to flare posts."
Wind service has been upgraded in Calgary and has been much better lately. Wind is great for people who love getting their calls dropped every 10 minutes.
"*drumroll* Teleportation... *sick joke, woosh*... :/ What is it?"
"Welcome to the club! Steins;Gate may seem slow at first but damn am I glad I went through it. (Possible spoilers) This is one of those anime that I will certainly always remember. Not sure if I'm sad about it or not though. I thought that Steins;Gate may not be the show for me in the beginning but it quickly jumped to my #1 spot. The ending left a sea of emotions within me. There's this feeling I have, wishing that I can forget everything that I've watched so I can watch it again without knowing anything. I can now recommend it to anyone. Don't get discouraged by the first few episodes, keep going. Trust me. Also, thanks for recommending me this masterpiece of an anime! El Psy Congroo"
Never tried cold brew tbh Cold brewed coffee from a french press shits on anything I've ever tasted from an espresso machine.
can't you read title? Does anyone can tell if these are really new models or they used these in TA already in the past?
"Callum, what the fuck are you doing? Your username is the answer. What is the question?"
"yeah, I already paid so I'll get it when he finaly gets it. Damn. So sorry. There will be another time for your first trip."
I'm going to steal it Omg this is fine art masterpiece
Communism in motion. Venezuelan 14 year old teen killed during San Cristobal protest
Lmfao Game Thread: San Francisco 49ers (3-8) at Chicago Bears (5-6) Go Niners!
That started when Mandela took power. You're in favour of increasing SA's brain drain?
yeah i didn't even try it...looked disgusting The first time I opened a tin of SPAM I thought I'd opened a tin of dog food by mistake.
Don't y'all call them chavs? No doubt she is. She's the uk version of redneck trailer trash. A 25 year-old with the mentality of a teenager.
"Yes, maintenance is going on right now, and has been for the past 8 hours. Question about connectio I'm on ps4 and usually perfectly fine with the connection but currently I'm not able to connect to the ds3 servers and was curious if anyone had any information about what could possibly be happening? I know there are others who are having connection issues but I was just curious if anyone possibly had an explanation."
"More consistent frame times can make 100 FPS look smoother than 75 FPS on 75Hz. Yes it would make a difference. You don't notice one though on your 75Hz monitor, you're just tricking yourself."
Jesus also referred to Adam and Eve in Matthew 19:4-6 to make a point. This is actually an interesting point I've never considered.
Clorox What's the worst toothpaste flavor you can think of?
Dapoode Shitstorm - Darude
"So many regrets, so little time. My friend's new tattoo"
agree to disagree there With Mauro it doesn't feel shoehorned. It feels natural.
They live in a fantasy world of their own making. Where do you work/live that people are constantly complaining you didn't fight for your country? I have never had anyone say anything like that to me.
ooooohhhhhhhh iamcait
"I'd place my bets on at least a week before the main event. So, when do we get the TI4 themed dashboard?"
I watched the whole game. You missed my fires going out from AAA :P
StatTrak boots confirmed Hopefully the reason why they are in hiding is for something big... like letting us see our boots when we look down.
"Be yourself What is hands down, the absolute worst advice someone has giving you?"
This isn't a showerthought...? When I'm looking up a recipe I don't want to read how this dish reminds you of days at the lake when you were younger. I just want the damn recipe.
About 10% of the value of the stickers is pretty standard. How much would that gun be worth now?
"Phew, thought I was the only one. I'm getting serious Calvin and Hobbes vibes from this."
"Holy shit, mind blown. I've been listening to FOB for years and I just realized from your comment the blue was referring to blue in the face from not being able to breathe. That line makes so much more sense now."
"I don't know if I could, but I think this will be a last resort move for me. Yes, you may. Can you put Linux on a USB stick and boot from it? That way you can access the data on the Windows partition, backup everything you need and then do the fresh Windows installation."
"As it should be. No, there are no publicly enforced religious practices here. Everything is private and largely secular, in keeping with the rest of the nation."
Is in a stand too? Razed Mamba
I'm gonna guess s2 on sprint. Let me guess. Is it a Galaxy S 4? Because im going on the position of the camera and the LED flash.
"I want them to use steroids to test them out etc... I'm sure plenty of common folk could have improved quality of life with correctly prescribed steroids as well. I prefer that athletes are on something. Baseball was so exciting during the steroids era and I hate the purist ""integrity of the sport"" argument. It's a fucking game, I just wanna see freak athletes do crazy things."
Mine just glitched out like that but now its fine. Xbox Leaderboards down? Looked on twitter and stuff but couldn't see any evidence other than myself... anyone else check theirs?
"What if the hockey gods weren't red wings fans? Made another ""history will be made"" commercial this one is a bit funnier. (sorry for repost had to fix something)"
In general once the hull of a ship begins to break up you should start looking for a lifeboat. How do people deal with a breakup?
and growing! Still less than 1%
"No it's not, Bears can sprint up to 60 KM/H including uphills. That's honestly how it would be in real life as well."
"I don't know if it's just me, but the stream is too laggy for me. Live : Fujioka at karaoke. Stream"
"(Very very minor spoilers below) I choose to believe that this is Jon's reoccurring dream from ADWD it explains the errors with it. I almost want to say Ygritte is too pretty in this picture, but still a really nice painting. Also can a Valyrian steel blade be chipped like that?"
You keep wearing shirts like that you might be able to save enough for a real haircut. Fuckers.
"Good as a drawing, but unfortunate to be based off the early Elsa art which made it on to a lot of merchandise. Wanted to share my first frozen drawing! Yay or nay?"
"Tears in Heaven by Eric Clapton Hey Reddit, what's the saddest song you know?"
"But, why is there an ""A""? 14A here in Newfoundland"
"It is fun when there are no cars, its just a little tight when its rush hour. That short tunnel was the best part of my commute back when I rode through there."
"if you manage to stay on the force for 40 years, you get one free rape of a minor Makes total fucking sense. Be a cop for 20 years and you won't go to jail. Ever."
"Looks like it's over. Another Thermapen Open Box sale, FYI"
"If we had someone like Ted Cruz as president, we could join these Muslim states in solidarity on this issue. Muslim states block gay groups from U.N. AIDS meeting; U.S. protests; A group of 51 Muslim states has blocked 11 gay and transgender organizations from attending a high-level meeting at the United Nations next month"
12.7.1? Not for me. I got a new Beta today and still have the funky links.
"Even though that particular someone is no longer motivated, and visibly deflates the attack when given his chance to assert his role? It's not his fault. He's better than Bale at the moment but they're still playing Bale. If we could bench Kaka cause someone was better, we SHOULD bench Bale. Fucking stupid if you ask me. I mean Bale is amazing, but right now he's not at 100%, so we should give the spot to someone who's playing better."
Oh Germoney stop being so master race. Germany runs up highest trade surplus as exports top new record
"wore my away jersey, guess ill wear my home jersey! Guys, whatever your personal ritual/routine was yesterday you need to repeat it tomorrow! I am an American living in the east coast (married to a Vancouverite), so I made some unique changes in my routine yesterday to personally insure a win for us. This included changing some things from US to Canadian: - Changed my phone's weather app to degrees Celsius - Found any way to type Centre instead of Center - Also found ways at work to slip in the fact that I traveled x amount of Km instead of miles Additionally, I wore my Canucks toque (not beanie. I'm learning) all night. I had only been wearing my jersey, so I think this made a significant difference. My wife also fell asleep approximately 30 seconds before Daniel scored last night (remember, we're east coast. It was past midnight at that point), so I told her to go back to sleep after I woke her up from cheering. I may tell her that she needs to sacrifice watching the game and sleep early on Saturday too. Take one for the team, honey! So, whatever it is you did yesterday try to do it again tomorrow. The collective will and superstition of the Canucks' community will get this team to victory!"
Yeah that's pretty socially inept tbh In fairness that just seems like the normal response. What kind of situtation have we found ourselves in when calling someones phone to help them find it warrants a 20 euro reward.
"I hate you, AutoModerator *Edginess intensifies*"
RIP Bob. Bad meat? Or TAINTED MEAT?
"MedianXL will be like inferno probably so get used to it :) After hearing about MedianXL for years, I decided to finally give it a shot. I'll admit that the fresh feeling from D2 was great, but the level of difficulty was obscene. I appreciate a decent challenge, but this was out of control. If you want to try it, knock yourself out. Just beware."
"China is not our enemy but you used the internet to get it to wikileaks. Chinese people have internet. Therefore clearly you were putting it where they could reach it. Therefore, espionage. Seriously, this is what the prosecution/gov't has said counts as giving info to the enemy."
That's one pale looking gorilla. Getting psyched during arm-wrestling match
Wet below What is the dirtiest combination of two not dirty words?
"""The passenger window doesn't work"" What is a phrase that only owners of your car will know? Whether you explain it or not is up to you"
"Its simple, a wet diaper is very unbecoming. Why is Jose Bautista so loathed?"
Glad I'm not the only one. i dont understand?
"Sparty Bro. I actually like Oregon better, but fuck the B1G haters, and fuck UoM. Go Bucks!"
But you didn't need the wlan for Internet. The first xboxes didn't even have built in wlan you needed the adapter for it. no internet no patches :D
had to drill out the cum from the tub drain You managed to stay faithful for 5 years apart? must be some kind of record.
They make the best churros though! a churro at Disneyland
really not surprised this is on Barstool. Leafs fans reaction to Kadri as a healthy scratch tonight
If any of you have an answer to the original question please tell me the secret to immortality since you know it. What was it like to be a Nintendo Fan in the 1890s? I actually don't see people talk much about Nintendo in the 1890s these days. I'd be interesting to get a bit of perspective. Don't forget to explain your answers.
"I enjoyed it! Gonna take a risk and share my cover of ""Lost Courage"" from Tenkaichi 2's soundtrack. I hope you enjoy it!"
"Lol, I got really busy, but I finally responded so uh.. OP?"
"Ace Rimmer? And if that fails, we hit it hard and hit it fast with a major - and I mean *major* - leaflet campaign."
Got it! Use the card replace to make your pulls gravitate towards what you need atm. I replace a card probably 80% of the time.
* POV * MILF or barely legal What words do you look for most when looking through porn?
While it is a good gun you can still beat people with another high rate of fire assault rifle pretty easily. *cough* SUROS Regime *cough*
after that guy sneaked up to the rock; did the rest move to the rock and are shooting down from it at the end? Yemeni National Army Hillside Battle With Saleh/Houthi Forces (Enemy Visible)
lol The lack of PC list is also quite stupid.
Darfur (I got the easy letter) Congo
You're proving my point tho... So much sympathy that they have cunts like you calling them liars.
"2me_irl4me Except for the psoriasis I'm a very calm person. I remain calm during some of the most stressful situations. No matter how calm I am I still feel the stress. Ive developed psoriasis from it. I've developed bowel problems from it. The stress never goes away or is abated until the cause is gone, no matter how calm I am."
"do you not know what ""joke"" means do you not know what ""developer commentary"" means"
Yes. I've never heard of these guys or their song. Am I old?
"I fixed it by bringing an active player on my Roster (according to the position) down to an empty slot to the alternates, then in a different tab, just add a player, seems stupidly bugged atm lol Getting the same error on two of my leagues League 570298: Can't add Jesiz League 582937: Can't add Hai"
It's still intimidation and threatening behavior Even if it's not physical harassment and just guys talking inappropriately?
"Hard to please, eh? Never play sandbox mode, I don't like playing without objectives"
A+++ would outlive the horde in it again. Is this awesome? Y? N?
United nations? look up the UN official ps4 community called r PSVR
"that's when you switch to the Rich Piana **REAL FOOD** diet Yep, if you drink enough of it. 2000 calories worth of Soylent has 100 grams of protein, that's a really good ratio for bulking. Also, it's very sound from a nutritional standpoint. You're gonna start craving real food though, eventually."
"Athletes go bankrupt all the time and they are paid millions a year, it's not unheard of for somebody with a large income to fuck up... I have a real hard time believing this. He's an entrepreneur with clothing lines, alcohol, headphones and he has numerous sponsorships plus everything else be does"
They never actually were all they say that they were. It's so sad how feminism was such a good thing and is now the garbage we see today.
The art value is shocking. Burned pattern from a downed electrical line
"I'm a real boy and I would drink that. Yeah, well, I'm elderly and I would drink that."
"I get that, it's strangely charming. Having sketches. I don't have a full episode, but the show has different comedic sketches in an episode. And I understand if people don't get it; I don't really get it either. A friend of mine who knows a little bit of the language and lives in the area explained some of the stuff that got lost in translation, but more than anything it's just super fascinating to me because of how much of a public access feel it has while directed at a disadvantaged culture. There's just something about it I really like"
"Cicadas live almost two decades The cicada, if that counts. Lives to reproduce and died in 14 days. Poor little fellas."
Realistically I would think that they would talk to every available former world champion who is nearing the end of their contract or recently retired. When you hear the current WDC is vacating his seat for next season
"The problem was that he was on a bigger team while still very immature and I think that magnified the shit he says by 1000x and then the whole bullshit with the throw. Desi is like Shahz, he will get shit for anything he says even if he's right and it makes sense. Obviously they got their public image to be that way on their own, but still kinda feel bad for them when they say something legit and still get shit on lol"
"MINehhSOETAH Mom finds her son ""combing"" his hair all by himself... with electric hair clippers."
"But if this has an agenda it is to prioritize women's issues which are, unlike trans people, important problems. This is a tactic which people use to silence dissent when they are pushing an agenda - it's the 'Don't pay any attention to *this* problem, focus on *this* much more important problem instead' line ... ironically, you are spending *your* time arguing in an obscure internet forum instead of feeding the proverbial starving millions"
I mean he did get lit up immediately following that. I call bullshit. No way Mattew Stafford did something this badass.
"Pretty specific age range, makes me think you're good at this Fuckin old dude in my gym has to be like 58-63, big ear rings, lifting belt, breakaway pants decides he wants to squat. After a couple of half squats at 135-185, he decides to start quartering 225. Then puts 275 on the bar. Guy next to him was doing squats and didn't rack his weights but was at 225 and went ATG. Instead of doing the 275 he goes to the next rack and quarters 225 again. Then leaves with all the weights on both bars. Shit pisses me off man."
"In Israel, Muslims own and run businesses that sell alcohol. Muslim Costco cashier's assistant complains to management that he cannot touch the pork or alcohol that comes across the conveyor belt, gets reassigned to cart duty, then sues Costco for religious discrimination"
"Maybe, but Angel can't be gotten by CoCo. Needs more [[Restoration Angel]]"
"Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes made of ticky tacky, Little boxes on the hillside, Little boxes all the same. This is an actual town in Mexico."
"Hanzo and Widowmaker on the same team, Check Hanzo, Check Arrow spam, Check Not a single kill, Check must be the Hanzo on my team :("
I like where this meme is going. New weapon rage
"I'll ignore the color, but I can't ignore that it says ""my love"" all over it. My barber picked this one for me and ignore the colour."
"Why not both? Better would be rank flairs. Team flairs are cool and all but there is no guarantee the team names will remain the same. Like for eg, Street hoops was TSU during the beginning of the season."
"Eli5 how do I know if my computers have flash, and what do I do if they do have flash? Adobe confirms major Flash vulnerability, and the only way to protect yourself is to uninstall Flash"
"So spill the beans; if it's not cake then what is it? Today was my birthday. This was my ""cake"" my mom got from a nearby vegan bakery"
"while it's never that broad it would have greater publicity because while no one connects wayne enterprises to batman, but ironman is a celebrity and he's let the public know who he is, that adds a level of public interest... not to mention that while wayne enterprises makes consumer + b2b products stark industries had (no longer) military contracts which if we take the real world into consideration here should number into the hundreds of billions of dollars. Stark Industries is a lot smaller than Wayne Enterprises. Wayne is the largest or one of the largest companies in: aerospace, mobile devices, cars, energy (oil, natural gas, etc), automobiles, military hardware, software, computers, medicine, bioengineering, Internet services, entertainment, shipping, construction, steel, airlines, chemicals, and retail. In the Gotham/New Jersey area they also have a lot of farms, agriculture and own most of the healthcare services. Stark's companies are never this broad or this successful."
"What are your thoughts on fire? Tonto, Frankenstein's monster, and Tarzan."
"Yes, just like your wife Is this real life?"
"The dread of every DM: ""I want to play a Chaotic Neutral drow rogue"". Basketball: being able to shoot the three ball. Congratulations, you still suck at getting open, defense, passing, driving, rebounding, and a host of other things that go into being good. Dungeons and Dragons: ""I'm chaotic/good so I can do whatever the fuck I want."""
It's definitely a classic I quite like Classic for some reason
"So having the creativity of my five year old niece merits the title ""deep thinkers""? TIL at a Marine Mammal Studies Institute, dolphins were trained to turn in trash that fell into the pools in exchange for fish. One dolphin was smart enough to hide pieces of paper under a rock, tearing off smaller pieces from the paper in order to get more fish out of it."
"How to get down votes, lesson 1 by supereeedz: ""COD4"" in title COD4 style jump shot with awp through the smoke!"
"And equally as important, how quickly it comes back down again when they came up on traffic. Agreed, the time it takes for it to go from 250 to 300 is insane."
Its not even called a laser rifle by the developers. So it is not a laser rifle?
You're supposed to eat it with a spoon. You don't eat the skin? How in the hell do you skin a kiwi?
La banquise What dating app are people using these days? There are a bunch of dating apps out there at the moment. Just wondering which ones people are using and having any success with?
"Ahhh fuck! They actually fixed the jumping bug the complete madmen, can't believe they've done this!"
"not to mention being able to tp to another lane pushing into your tower instead of putting yourself at risk farming lane creeps past your river or going for jungle creeps If you escape from or get a single gank with your TP scroll, you've made your money back and then some. That's even discounting the uses in defending your base, helping allies, unpredictable movement, etc."
Eat a bag of dicks. You're retarded.
A Hilary I'm happy to support Hilary Knight
"UPVOTE FOR KNOWING THE SCORE IF YOU WIN, WE'LL SHIP YOU SOME GENO'S. OR A BAG OF DOG SHIT. SAME THING. ^^^seriously ^^^you ^^^don't ^^^want ^^^that ^^^tourist ^^^trap ^^^crap"
Noice Baking life back into a Almost dead Graphic card.
Just because you can't be friends with women doesn't mean that no man can. If he's straight and single this was bound to happen.
"That offer is really nice, but i dont think i would be up to standart if you know what i mean :) I play solely for myself and my girlfriend, i dont think it would be fit to the public hehe If you play violin and piano, would you be interested in making some wasteland music?"
Here_kno_evil joining lf1m NF Add Pesmerga83 and join in.
"It's actually Ben Miller Oh, that devilishly charming Rob Brydon."
Actually Islam is apart of the three Abrahamic religions like Christianity and Judaism so essentially they all believe in the same God but disagree on the prophets. If only those people believed in the same God as the Pope then maybe they would take it to heart.
DUN DUN DUN DUN dun DAH DUN Arlong park walk
"Examples have been given elsewhere but there are plenty others existing or coming : Star Wars, King Kong/Godzilla, LEGO, Hasbro, Harry Potter, Fox X-Men, Despicable Me/Minions and probably others. With Marvel you also still have trilogies *within* the MCU: Iron Man, Capt America and next year Thor will have completed trilogies with no announced sequels so far (although odds are that Cap will get at least one more film to bridge the Steve Rogers' Cap to whomever next takes up the shield). But in terms of *real* universes, where multiple movies have characters crossing over and leading to films with all if not most, there is really only three: MCU, DC and Universal's horror thing that is sputtering along."
"How exactly do you weld shit underwater? There was this guy I met at a bar who just finished his PADI Open Water course who was trying to lecture me about the ""dangers of SCUBA"" and that you have to be super hardcore to do it. I'm an underwater welder."
"hmmm, he was released with abby, but before her, right? I should have asked this earlier, but is Jay Leno still released?"
"Not that I don't enjoy betting over stupid things, but giving money to a charity just seems wrong. Care to make a friendly wager? You call the odds. 10:1 he's kept in custody? I know a food bank in my neighborhood that could use the ten-fold benefit of the $100 I'll put up. But you spoke with certainty. How about 20:1, and you can pick the charity to collect my hard earned cash."
"What does your bird statue do? I tried the meteor farm too, never had any luck"
M'dgard. M'y sides.
Same got like couple a weeks left.
But racism isn't funny I thought? But it's also a joke
"swa ""owenwilsonsschnoz"" and ""jauqinphoenixslip"" had me dying, im sure they were friends Funniest Gamertags You've Seen In Battlefield 4 I killed a recon named Osama Bin Wookie. Back in the Bad Company days I remember seeing ""Don't Shoot"" as a GT causing everyone to hesitate when they spotted him."
A copy of my mixtape If they don't get grid penalties for using more than 5 engines what do they get instead?
"The fact that people thought he had a chance after losing his 3rd most favourable state (Iowa) is mind blowing. As Super Tuesday looms, Sanders faces hard realities of delegate numbers"
"Will there be any systemic changes except from invisibility and plants during preseason? He'll be the next major update, likely sometime after the next new champion but before the new one after that."
"Jesus, were you born stupid, or did you have to work at it? ""You cannot trespass on public property"" Tell them that next time you try and trespass on an Air Force Base."
"It's just a storm in a tea cup - the media are biased against UKIP policies, and have found a new way to smear them, in the hope that it will make UKIP's 4million voters lose confidence in them. What is going on with UKIP? Just over a month since the General Election and it's all going wrong. There isn't any reason for it to go wrong. Almost 4 million votes. A Referendum next September (most likely). Labour with no leader. The Lib Dems with no leader. The party has gone silent in the media almost. Have UKIP been trying to professionalize themselves before they enter the wild again, so to speak. Are we just seeing that? Or are things seriously going wrong internally? It's so bizarre to watch. After all that has happened in politics over the last 3 or so years and they seem to now fuck things up themselves. The so called core of the party. Not here to poke fun."
The NapeVaysh NapeVation!
"Thank you for being so informative &lt;3 it's really helpful Most professional freelance artists who are good and sought after wouldn't disappoint you. Generally, look for these things (though not all of them, all the time) before entering into an agreement: * Do they have a portfolio page and is the artwork in the style you like? * While most wants business, if they're too eager and aggressive, that's a red flag. * They have original artwork * Quite a few, myself included, have a milestone system. The milestone system, in particular, is probably what you should look for. You pay a specific amount after both parties agree to the work to be done, typically half. Then there would be milestones along the way, typically one or two review session for fan art commissions, where you get to voice your concerns or make requests. This is the time to be assertive, don't be shy! Then there would be one final pass, taking into account your previous feedback. They may or may not ask for the remainder at this point or a portion of it. Then there's delivery, where you hopefully walk away as a happy customer. This varies from artist to artist but freelance artists rely on word of mouth and their reputation is always at stake. Professionals would let you see how things are going with these milestones at regular intervals and will not risk having an unhappy customer. This system protects both sides for the most part (though it's not perfect). One last thing I would say is that it's more expensive to have full copyright ownership to a piece of work and most artists will charge you for that right. However, this doesn't apply to fan art since they never owned the copyright in the first place. It's complicated but generally, they still own their art, even if you pay for it; unless you specifically pay to have them declare it as yours."
"He is a citizen, he had to become a citizen to have Fox News Conservatives who aren't even fucking citizens, and buy up as many media outlets as possible to create the ideal top-down media. We need to lock up Murdoch and throw away the key."
"Than move to Yurope, here every woman drives like that. As a man, I love seeing a woman driving manual (stick shift)."
This plot was far more believable then anything written in the bible. Jesus resurrects Lazarus...then chaos ensues.
Extremely relevant username! i will never brush my teeth with wet hands because i have this fear that my hand will slip and i'll punch myself in the mouth.
"They're still charging $50 for the lefty version, and only $40 for the right handed one. They are making a left handed version... Look at the kick starter."
:) No worries. Thanks for posting that! I guess it would have been nice for me to post the source but I... Didn't. Cheers!
"No in the states he would have identified himself as on officer or the protester would have called the cops and reported two suspicious looking people at the gas station. Don't know why you got downvoated. In the States, the douchebag in the car would have tased the protestor and beaten him senseless for ""interfering with a police investigation."" He'd then be given a 60-day paid suspension (vacation) while he's investigated by Internal Affairs. IA will find that the the officer acted within the bounds of the rules of the police force, even though he violated several consitutional rights. Why? Because they said so. Meanwhile, the cameraman, who now speaks with a permanent stammer because of brain damage caused by repeated police nightstick blows (you know, from their attempts to politely communicate with him), is given a $250,000 payout with the caveat that they admit to no wrongdoing. That's how that would have gone in the States."
We are all rape apologists for laughing. I lost it when she busted out the chloroform rag.
"Ah makes sense, I feel dumb now lol :P thanks Cake flairs are given when it's your account's birthday, not your actual birthday"
"Iruka sesei is best sensei Nah, the part I'm talking about is afterwards, when Naruto goes back to his house and finds a surprise."
"Already tilted from that remake, double tilted now That's the kind of shit that tilts a team."
"It's k, i got this If I could give you gold I would."
Sore sixth Filthy fives...
"Tag your triggers op! Seriously OP, check your normal-reaction-to-holes privilege!"
Congrats for being smart! Why Singapore has the smartest kids in the world
That camp counselor did NOT have a snake bite. What is one thing you wish you knew about sex before having it for the first time? (Possibly NSFW)
"His passing is a tragedy but let's not make him into something he isn't. On this day,please dont forget the Immortal Protector of The unknown Soldier."
Where do you see Bowyer getting a win? * Keselowski * Harvick * Kahne * Hamlin * Kyle Busch * Edwards * Kenseth * Blaney * Logano * Newman * Kurt Busch * Larson * Johnson * Bowyer * Truex Jr. * Earnhardt Jr.
"Corporations protections like limited liability and judgement proof ness are 'free market', no? Caps are anti-free market."
imgur's upvotes are green. my upvotes are still orange. why the fuck is it green?
"I prefer ""The Man that Wellness Policy Forgot"" ""The Man that Gravity Forgot"" is the perfect nickname for him."
So killing through caste angle isn't psychopathic. I'm not sure based on the report about whether there was an actual caste angle to it or if it was just a psychopath doing psychopathic things
Absolutely nothing WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR?
Do you have an actual source on that? Unfortunately it's not as difficult as it used to be. People graduating from the Police Academy these days wouldn't have even made it in a few short decades ago.
"Sea cucumbers, I guess. If humans and apes were wiped out, what animal would you want to become the new master race?"
"If you're gonna get some ass, WASH YOUR ASS! Me with my SO - she has an incredibly pungent smell coming from behind when we have sex. No idea what to say or do. I have been dating a great girl for the past 1.5 years. Things are pretty good. She is always down for sexy times, which is totally and completely awesome. But one problem has reared its head. When we are having sex doggystyle, I can't help but be overwhelmed by an incredibly pungent (and at times rancid) smell emanating from her rear. It smells very poopy. When the smell hits, I lose all interest and usually just stop having sex claiming to be exhausted or something. It's a huge turn off. In the immediate aftermath, I generally find myself disgusted and frustrated, as if she does not know how to bathe properly. After a little while the feelings subside and I get back to normal. I am uncertain whether or how to say something, or whether it could be some condition that I don't know about. She is a brilliant, smart girl, but she also isn't the most girly. Not that it's a telling sign, but women I have dated in the past usually have loads of different soaps and shampoos lining their showers and a multitude of lotions to fit their mood. She does not. Is there any way to lightly address this with her? Would it be better to do it in the moment or to wait until a later time when we are not having sex? I think this will really embarrass her, but I feel it has to be addressed. --- **tl;dr**: Noticed very rancid smell while having sex with GF from behind. Has happened a few times. Worried about her general hygiene. Want to say something, but don't know how or when."
"While you are right the tournament was called ""North American Championship Qualifier."" You are aware that Mexico and Canada aren't considered part of our nation right? ""National Championship"" would consist of only teams from the united states. Also, The Mexican and Canadian teams are awful and don't pose a threat to any of the top American teams anyway."
It was at 17k before the vote fuzzing started... Today i witnessed 13k upvotes.
The question is were they actually British or some rare breed of American troll? One of the funniest range stories I've ever heard. Got anymore?
How do you guys estimate the balance? EU Splatfest : Singing or Dancing?
"""First she undressed me with her eyes... then she dressed me again and added an anorak and a hat."" Heterosexual male checking in here, no I don't want to pull that fat girls clothes off, in fact I would prefer for her to put more on."
"As they should. Tbf whenever someone mentions how good zeke is, someone else also mentions the oline"
"**Aroboretum** but at 4 it's a table hog Games on The Go So I'm heading off to Taiwan on Honeymoon with the wife soon and was researching an article on Gaming to travel. I've got a few things that have come to mind in deciding what to take and was wondering what the rest of you guys and gals think? 1) Footprint of the game - aka is it a deck of cards, if I unbox how big is it for packing? 2) Where can you play this game? If we're on the go without our regular table space? 3) Length of game, since we're travelling its more likely to be time fillers than full meaty 3 hour games 4) Language independence if we're playing with Taiwanese family and friends who may not enjoy text heavy English Games Any other things you consider?"
"Gilded himself... One upvote and instant gold, damn."
Easier said than done. There's nothing new about this. This is part of the core problem of **POOR** black culture. Stupidity + violence. America needs to stop pussy footing around it and deal with it.
"Is she like an escaped stripper? Skate Girl and Basketball Cat, Venice Beach (1979)"
"LOL, true. Looks like we are about 25 years too late in this one"
"But if you added an extra stock and 2 more minutes, nothing at all would change besides the time of the video being 35 mins instead of 25. its not the stocks causing the problem"
"A bowling lane next to an indoor gun range. What items or products are found only in ""rich"" households?"
"Since women women were never samurai, wouldn't a woman using a Japanese sword be gender appropriation? Using weapons from different countries is cultural appropriation"
"Ahh, sorry about that I heard about it, I just didn't expect that to be the focus of the picture."
A fire at my workplace What was the last picture you took with your phone?
"Thanks man Youtube is blocked where I work, You da real MVP Here is the transcript for those who can't watch the video: **""Something about our combo of 5 just didn't work together, honestly. Like: Meteos, sneaky, lemon, balls, incarnation. It was never going terribly, but something didn't click. I think it may have been personalities just not being right for the team. Like, when we had Hai, it was a super fucking outgoing shot caller that knows what he wants to do and would fuck you in the ass if you're not doing it. But if without him it's like, no one really there to fill the void. So we're kind of all headless fucking chickens. No, I don't think, I don't know if Meteos is OUT.. but I think we're trying this. Maybe some other combo would work with Meteos still jungling. I honestly don't know.""**"
"How long is it? More so proof reading, but some online tools to double check cases work too."
"So, do you actually want her so badly that you assume everyone else does, too? i doubt it"
Direct link and a repost. Zoe Quinn and Alex Lifschitz make Anti Harassment website / service
And when he wasn't injured he sucked. Collins is also injured
"will do, thx for the heads up If you're looking for posters I'd suggest redbubble as they have a bunch of different genres."
Bingooo! The entire series is incredible. Absolutely worth a watch if you're a fan of the Mighty Boosh.
TIL linking a comment and cracking jokes is making a huge deal Tons of shit is thrown at all the wall every day in here and the one time it sticks we've gotta make a huge deal about it.
"And so is the Ganges I was just making a point, badly I guess. ... Kerela is in India. Are you slow in the head?"
"Then she should be receiving all that money from a settlement involving this case; not because she happens to be the female half in the divorce. No, she deserves it for getting pummeled by an asshole with millions, not for having a vagina"
It's glitched and if you would've used the search bar for the sub and typed the exact title you have you would've found your answer instead of reposting Keeper Protector glitched? So we build it but we can't summon it and it doesn't show the flag.Is it normal or glitched?
Sorry had to comment about how much of a shit post this shitpost is. I just realized I googled Ingram instagram
ITT: OP is a jackass This self-confessed murderer and international bail jumper...
"Talk to Charles Dickens in Clark Park. Philly drum circle? Are there any? I can't find anything on google, but I'd love to join one. I'm trying to get back into hand drumming...and you know, have a hobby that's not work or drinking."
Reich Dead 3: Hitler did nothing wrong. Good thing they didn't let the fans vote. Red Dead Garlic Bread would have won for sure. That or Red Deady McDead Face.
So I can have less range on my Shieva ;) Why would they even add suppressors to zombies?
potassium hydroxide potassium nitrate.
"Nope High,clere castle"
Nah You're delusional
NHK_irl anime irl
Its okay for the FBI to go fuck themselves because people go fuck themselves all the time. Judge Says FBI Can Hack Computers Without A Warrant Because Computer Users Get Hacked All The Time
"Deep Sea Diva because she's beautiful and she deserves gold. If you were allowed to sleeve a card a different color than all the rest, which card would you choose? Or even a set of 3 cards. I think I'd sleeve something I really don't want to draw in to mind games my opponent into thinking it's something important I want, tricking them into cutting my deck so I won't draw into it."
Good thing you didn't enter that gene pool lmao. My ex girlfriends Aunt on facebook
first year statistics papers are stupidly easy You learn statistical analysis in your first year of bachelor level psychology. He knows what he's doing. He does it on purpose.
"Yeah, and he specifically flew to Denver just to do it? Flipping off a cardboard cutout of Donald Trump was on his bucket list?"
I feel you Uhh this is so embarrassingly bad...
"Father, I am disappoint. Only 90%? You disappoint me."
But having the -option- is important. No self respecting gay couple would serve pizza to their wedding guests.
"I had the opposite reaction, i felt sick to my stomach since i had to do what was right and ditch it If the church was so great and made us all as happy"
"The massive jump in xp seen in the graph was during world event 2 (I think) where you could get a lot of free daily construction xp by repairing factions' towers, essentially removing the need to train. What"
"... were grating and horrible, yes. Oh god, Simons screams of terror at the end!"
"I mean all of these games are sloppy, but exciting...NA may not be a strong region but they're entertaining! Game 3"
"I use Crocs sandals -- back strap to keep them on, and plenty of ventilation to allow them to dry out over time ---low stank factor old geezer in a canoe with a kayack paddle Summer paddling footwear? It's getting to that time of season when I don't want/need to wear the Gore-Tex boots on the creek anymore. I need something comfortable, breathable, water-friendly, and stink-resistant. What does everyone here like to wear on their feet for warm-weather paddling? What brand and model do you love? Sandals, boat shoes, or something else? Is there a good solution to mildew and smell?"
"No it doesn't. It has the same vowel sound as ""hole"" or ""pole."""
"It's the way the memory controllers were laid out. Do you know the reason they did that? I would think cost, but it seems trivial, and only for 512mb at that, doesn't make sense to me."
"Sorry, I was still hung up on the Automatic Teller Machine Machine. Sorry to break it to you, but I think he means; LCD Liquid Crystal Display Display..."
Falling and being tripped are very different things. KEVIN DURANT FELL WHEN IT WAS THE MOST IMPORTANT
"Lol, phalloplasty. I used to work with a guy who would always respond to "" Have a good one "" with "" Already have a good one. Now I'm looking for a bigger one "". Doesn't really make much sense if you think about it but he thought it was funny."
"Go study before ya regret it like me :( Aww that's good man, I got a final tm that I should be studying for but here I am haha"
"I think I hear that giant sucking sound that Ross Perot spoke of. With $160 billion merger, Pfizer moves to Ireland and dodges taxes"
"Sorry, straightedge. Drink."
A bishop in hand is worth two black rooks... Fairly simple puzzle from a game I just played. Gain a winning advantage.
"I don't really know what this is, but I dig the art. The Visible Hand"
"We still have the Easy Street in Best Seattle. well, that too. I was thinking of Easy Street"
You're gonna have a wet shirt. I'm gonna take a shot everytime Milik misses a shot. I expect to be extremely hammered once the game ends
That's pretty damn wet. This is what IPX3 testing looks like.
"I dont get this one mind breaking it down? The straight dope on how reports of a bear called Winnie's excrement, found on the upper deck of a ship, were airily dismissed. Pooh poop-poo poo poo poop."
"I like how everyone just kinda skipped over your first point. 2 reasons. 1. If they're used to seeing you with makeup, seeing you without will make you look a lot worse simply due to the contrast. The same way a new haircut/color will look bad for the first few days, but then it starts to suit you. 2. Makeup blocks up your pores, so you will actually look worse than normal if you've recently been wearing makeup and haven't got it on."
"props to programmers because man, programming is soul-crushingly fucking boring woah woah woah. don't forget about the very strong circlejerk us Comp Sci majors have going on. Programmers are clearly better than the rest of everyone ever."
"as someone from Seattle that's spent a good deal of time in Eastern Washington, bull-fucking-shit. As someone from the East-side of the state: If shit goes down, we got your back, bro."
"So either way it's against the rules. If it's a death threat, then it isn't circle jerk, and vice versa."
"If you've beaten Roadhog with Roadhog in 1v1 then your argument is invalid as you agree that Roadhog is so good in 1v1 that he can't even be killed by another Roadhog :P Can't be beaten 1v1? I've 1v1'd Roadhog with Zenyatta, Zarya, Reaper and Roadhog."
It's always cyco in Philadelphia What did everyone think of the new Suicidal Tendencies album? I liked it quite a bit!
Whoosh So believing in evolution gives you the super power to detect diseases before any symptoms manifest?
Vince Vaughn. What's one thing that will ruin a movie for you?
"huh? Going to laugh when the numbers are some mass numbers like the ""lost"" numbers."
Islam did not inherit the mantle of Christianity. That explains Islam.
"Will be doing that ,I'll order a new sample in the next few days. good vid, I think that the lens issue in the g303 is fixed in the more recent batches so it if anyone were to go out and buy a new one it probably wouldn't have that problem."
"To hate Street Fighter V and Smash Also, porn since we hate all SFV, and we hate smash... why do people come here? tranny porn?"
"I like pokeballs, since you could see the ball the Pokemon is in I've preferred pokeballs Great if you want to use 100 balls during the first 15 minutes of the game where you don't have Great Balls yet."
"It's the combined effect of the (ignorant) beliefs of many individuals, including those who govern corporate activity but not limited to them. and is it the corporations that put them in a situation where it is ""necessary"" for them to work?"
Le comment gave me le cancer. Atlanta is required watching for anyone who likes media
I'm guessing your friend gave a statement to the police when he told them; is there any chance he heard some gossip from the officers about what THEY think? He told me that he threw up and ran the fasted mile of his life back to the high school. He was out jogging and didn't have his phone
"oddly accurate yea. Illaoi is what happens when you travel back in time, and give the 2009 devs 2015 tech."
"There's this thing called ""renting"" a car. You don't have to a buy a vehicle. Just steal it. Or buy a salvaged one that's cheap."
0448 - 0251 - 2861 Online now! FC 4871-4918-5518 Kevin in the game tho
"*narrowly dives out of the way while his anime laden cardboard box is fondled by a Soviet soldier* *lays still while a patrol car skids on horseshit and tips over* Yup. *Puts on chicken hat, pops out of box*"
"If the deck gets some toys in EMN it might be good enough to be a real thing once CoCo goes away in the fall. how many madness decks have been dominating Standard GPs, SCG tournaments and perhaps even MTGO? the truth of the matter is that as powerful as Fiery Temper and Lightning Axe seem on paper, against other decks like Bant Company, G/W Tokens and W/x Humans, it doesn't really make Madness decks playable in the competitive scene. perhaps in casual games they work."
that's so hot true fuck obama
"Well fair enough. Hence the ""if that's what you mean"""
"Coincidence? ""Year after year, insurance company profits soar, while Americans pay more for less health care coverage"""
"Also, self-defeating. The entire authoritarian left is parroting the same narrative about this shooting. It's ridiculously divisive."
"Much better resale for one. I'm always curious why some people opt for universals when for similar prices, you can get customs if you're willing to wait a month. ??"
cavera Pharah
You've got a full month boss. Next game is in April. Too early to plan.
Oh I'm just giving a suggestion because that four-way is amazing. I didn't say it's never been done before :3
"Netherlands as well, and same situation with soccer. Yes including Spain, but it is obviously still far behind soccer."
"I like the donairs from Tarboosh on 10th and 17th. Donair Station has finally opened, 5th ave and 8th st sw"
you may have to upload them on your pc :/ Hmm... I don't get that option on android.
"No you're not, you knew exactly what you were doing going into that... I bet they can really *wreck* your wallet! ^sorry."
"I enjoyed Blitzkrieg Bop, but laughed at Smells like Teen Spirit Pan looked kinda lame until something amazing happened..."
You have informed me of a new Arkham game... Excuse me while I have a heart attack from excitement. MR to the new Batman: Arkham Knight trailer
"PL exists. Why can't illusions attack Roshan? I know it was like that in Dota 1, but is there any reason now that illusions can't attack Roshan? With the nerf to illusion heroes vs buildings, why not let them kill Roshan with a bit more ease?"
"Austen so she could finish Sanditon. If you could bring any author back from the dead to write one more book, who would it be?"
"Can't you hit Q to switch to your previous weapon? Really? Press LMB and the item crate shatters. I don't think it gets much simpler than that. Also, at least you can press G to toggle over to the Gravity Gun and toggle back. That's the quirk with the crowbar and why sometimes players get lazy and just shoot the crates instead - you don't have to equip it first and then go re-equip your previous weapon. I find it comes up more often in user-made levels that, for whatever reason, don't provide the Gravity Gun. When you get to the point where you have multiple weapons tied to a single number key, switching over to the Crowbar and back is a bit of a chore. In HL2 itself, I believe you get the Gravity Gun before that point, so the problem never comes up."
"What are ""software advances nobody really wants"" alex? We might soon see a Microsoft Edge for Linux and OS X"
Merl? Had a bar do this to me.
What does this have to do with Rebecca Black? trailher do canal- Becaplays
"What is your favorite Coldplay song? Dr. Oz is definitely a bad dude to take advice from, but he really is a doctor. Apparently one of the most brilliant cardiothorasic surgeons of his generation which almost makes things worse considering the quackery he peddles."
"Fat Rob or Jordan Howard? I'm starting him over Blount this week because apparently I don't adhere to the ""start your studs"" mantra."
Got another 80 to go 10 minutes in and we look like the better team.
I'm getting this comment framed. Here: :3
I don't know I don't have kids and I don't know what it is like. Would you live paycheck to paycheck to send your kids to the best school possible?
no doubt Is this subreddit dead? someone please tell me no
"when gasoline burns it's not the liquid which is burning, it's the vapors. Sorry to be Mr. Buzzkill here, but this seems kind of sketchy. Unless that board hit something contained and explosive. Gasoline in the open like that shouldn't be able to cause an explosion of that nature, should it??"
The specific scenario or something to quide in the right direction if one cant find it. To this specific instance or to the Civ Battle Royale itself?
"Suddenly the Left is not interested in ""Corporate Responsibility"". Tesla's 'Autopilot' Will Make Mistakes. Humans Will Overreact."
"Kelly's Liquors in Downtown gets it pretty often. Pliny in SJ Is Pliny the Elder still a hard beer to find? I'm in San Jose next week and would love to find a bottle or two. Where and when would be my best bets to find it? if not a bottle, any pubs that might have it on tap?"
"Then...the game won't be getting dedicated servers, lol. I was doing it too for all previous DLCs. Hearing about them not considering dedicated servers? Nah I'll just keep my money if they aren't willing to use it for such a crucial thing as dedicated servers. (Yes, I do realise the work it takes to convert the game from p2p to dedicated but if you aren't willing to go through that then I'm not buying useless DLCs just to support you)"
"Definitely, but the problem for most addicts is that they can't enjoy in moderation. There's nothing wrong with enjoying soda in moderation."
It was a Consort and an SK. And it seems like a consort tried to RB him. Prob would have killed two mafia... shame.
"Satan being created from fire as opposed to clay/dust for mankind, he felt superior. so where'd the jealousy come from??"
This is outrageous! Legal immunity cannot hold. The Vatican should feel the full weight of international law
"Ruff doggy sex huh? Now that gay marriage is legal,it's only a matter of time before I can marry my dog."
"""I don't care how loud your screams are, you're not gonna drive home tonight! Things you say to a toddler that you would also say to a drunk person."
Goldeen or Seaking My GF had a never seen pokemon pop up on her list and I don't recognise it
That was outstanding. Gotta Love Sex Cam Bots
"that isn't even a bad Ye line, it's hard to rhyme something with sarcophagus Aussie satirical site's urgent appeal to help Kanye"
"Nothing comes to mind that doesn't end in felony arrest Protesting and rioting didn't seem to help. Begging the EC to vote Satan doesn't seem to be working. After the recount changes nothing, where will the shills turn to next?"
"Weird but better that than one of the damn things jumping in front of your car out of nowhere. Family has always lived in pretty rural areas when I was growing up. It was sometime after midnight and I was driving home from a friend's place a few towns over. While driving over the top of one of the mountains I passed a group of about a dozen deer standing on both sides of the road. They were all looking up and they didn't move as I drove by. No idea what was going on, but it really creeped me out for some reason."
"I love that you can tell Google Home ""turn it up to 11"" or ""set volume to 11"" and it maxes out the volume. The BBC's iPlayer volume goes up to 11 as a nod to this film"
"Yea, a lot of people think vertigo is height related, maybe because of the word ""vert"" being in there I don't know It's just dizziness from your ears being messed up I honestly wouldn't know the name of the ""falling feeling"", just read vertigo elsewhere in this thread."
"What about a whopperito? I don't think my Dick quite equals three burgers. *Maybe* 3 crispy chicken juniors, or 2.5 mcdoubles with cheese, and on a good day maybe shredded lettuce and Mac sauce. . ***maybe***"
"Still pissed i chose a Mike Wallace jers literally months before he left Time to Jersey up, who is your next Steelers jersey? What current Steelers player will be your next jersey purchase?"
It will be rather funny when these innovative js libraries will have to dedicate their time to integrate with legacy Java 1.4 Applets that enterprise development never bothered to update. JavaScript will lead a massive shift in enterprise development
Maybe this was his idea all along. Please don't give Guggenheim ideas.
Oracles blue elixir if you could bring back any item that has been removed what would you bring back? i would bring back spirit of the lizard elder because i miss old school blue ez.
That wasn't the question.. So you aren't going to answer how long you've been doing it?
"&lt;10k and I am happy. What rank is everyone going for in the frosty raid event? Interested to know how committed everyone is to this event. I feel the biggest jump in rewards would be from Rank 101-1000 to Rank 51-100 for that extra 2500 lapis but anything inside top 100 is probably going to be whale territory. Personally I'm dumping all my NRG every waking moment of the day into this event till I can get to 12k points for the trust moogle. I'm not a whale so I'll probs aim for under Rank 10,000. Going for under Rank 1000 might be too much of an investment for just one extra ticket though and anything better than that probably will require several refills which I'm not really prepared to do."
~~Avenue du Manoir?~~ It appears God exists after all. On what street was I standing while taking this picture?
OP says $10. how cheap were those safes?
"Daar is 'ie weer, Paulus de dDos-kabouter NOS en NPO plat door DDoS-aanval"
"This reminds me of classic tomb Raider, add some boobs to this photo and you could have a hit on your hands. 5ft of frozen water"
"I know this is way old, but I was browsing some old posts on here, and THIS is also why I use the shotgun... Sounds so badass. The only reason I use the silenced shorty is it sounds exactly like Anton's shotgun in No Country for Old Men. Such a cool sound"
"If it didn't happen the 67 other times, it wont happen the 68th. Trump: I will ask Congress to repeal Obamacare"
You're getting an upvote because my girlfriend just had me pop a tube of biscuits not even 3 hours ago. Every damn time
Omg my monies 8/20 PBE Update
Ack! He looks like Bill the Cat.
Maybe click it. I can't read that on my phone
"I just bought the Fallout 4 version of the steelseries Rival mouse, and I do *really* like it, but is it worth grabbing one of these at this price just to stick in a box somewhere? Logitech G502 Proteus Spectrum. $39.99"
"Looks like you also lost the game of ""Not a big toe with hair"" I lost a game of Cranium. This is my punishment. Roast me."
"Nah, more like number of SATA ports and fan headers, BIOS as well (although it's mostly useless for gaming per se, I find ASUS BIOS to be absolutely gorgeous), general I/O, etc. as raid?"
"I haven't been a fan of their films since I saw Garfield Three Decades on, the Coens' 'Blood Simple' Still Impresses"
"Yeah, he did seem spectacularly stupid in his opening post. Most likely. Based on OP's spelling and grammar in the piece he's either a non-native English Speaker, or he is so stupid that ""conform"" might not be in his vocabulary."
"If that happens, it's possible that no one would get the 270 electoral college voted required to win, which means the House gets to pick whoever they want to be president. In order to pull this off, Sanders and Trump would have to come to some kind of agreement to respectively go third party at the same time. I would support this."
Galaxy S5 makes your point moot. Removable batteries make the waterproofing MUCH more difficult to achieve.
"The Albany Emperor and because I'm a Seinfeld fan, the plate reads ""A55MAN"". Your favourite offbeat car? I'm curious to know which of the more obscure cars tickle your pickles. If your favourite car is the Zentorno, Kuruma, Insurgent, etc., then I'm not interested. I want to hear from the people who are always thinking, 'I never see anyone else driving this!'."
Here comes the Liberals to tell them they are wrong because they are not white. 'Latinas for Trump' hold its first event in Miami: 'We don't think he's a racist'
"Don't want to get it confused with the Google Chrome Web Store. Google Play Store is already the most ridiculous fucking name I've ever heard. ""Guys, Apple is using 'app' store, what should we use?"" ""HOW ABOUT PLAY?"" ""Great thinking."" Why not just call the whole damn package The Google Store. Or Google Store. Google Marketplace."
The murderer Which one was he?
"Watch KONAMI unlimit Tour Guide and Mathemagician in order to promote Beatrice. Will Burning Abyss get hit? I'm planning on re-investing in my BA deck, but I just want to get some opinions on whether or not you guys see this deck getting hit soon. I realize with Beatrice not out in TCG, this deck hasn't even reached its full potential, but it's gradually becoming more popular so I want to know if that will play a factor in it possibly getting hit. Thanks guys"
"Cool, thanks I wouldn't reroll, chance of ruining it is too high (speaking from experience). It's decent enough to use for now, just save up enough currency to buy a well-rolled upgrade."
Such a solid all round team. 1. Jayasuriya 2. Kaluwitarana(wk) 3. A. De Silva 4. Sangakkara 5. Jawayardena* 6. T. Samaraweera 7. Matthews 8. Herath 9. Malinga 10. Vaas 11. Murali
"^^cumbox Reddit, if you opened a Reddit-themed restaurant - what sort of dishes would you serve?"
Well if Bellichek had sent out the kicker on one of their multiple red-zone appearances late in the 4th... Well the Kicker didn't help much either
"Hooray, we start our season with indoor baseball... yay... -_- 2015 schedules revealed"
dude spoilers! The Lego movie. The bad guy uses kragle (aka Krazy Glue) for his evil plans
"I'm pretty sure that was dolphin and whale. Me with the last living member of the Enola Gay from that fateful night. He was the navigator, and he's now 92 years old."
It depends on what your expectations are from the course. Are these courses really worth it ?
Is that better or worse than a hard cunt? Zipper rule does not apply in Perth(WA) traffic - it's a sign of inferiority and poor breeding. It is important to muscle ahead and prove you're not a soft cunt.
"I think the last time I was in Gamestop I was looking in the bargain bin for ps2 titles, nice to see I still have no reason to head back there anytime soon. If GameStop wasn't dead to me before, they are now."
"Hookah usually refers to the device you smoke from while shisha is the tobacco you put into the Hookah. got a laugh out of me :P shisha is the other word, normally used here in germany but iirc hookah is the more common term in english speaking countries so I go with that here"
"He was serious thats why.... My apologies, didn't catch the sarcasm"
"It wasn't retroactive, but it was fast tracked and the UCI handed out the TUE based on the decision of their medical director only, rather than the three doctors that WADA code requires. There was something odd about it, but I think the problem was on the UCI's side, not Sky/Froomes."
"if shes against loads of tanks, cleaver... if against squishies then youmuus New Black Cleaver On PBE Question Before yommuus got popular riven used to build black cleaver like any other bruiser. But since it is getting changed would riven buy yommuus and cleaver or one or the other?"
"I had an itch to join the military after ***reading*** Starship Troopers, but the director of the movie decided to go another direction. No matter what your film tries to say, there will always be someone stupid enough to take it the wrong way. There are people who want to join the military after watching Starship Troopers or Full Metal Jacket."
Or he'll put up with your shit in an effort to save his senate seat and never really stand up to you until it's too late? Do NOT fuck with McCain.
"Not Dinkytown Yupp. Dinkytown , why"
"Urf is next week Since it'll be an Urf weekend, what are your favorite champions to play and why?"
"exactly... but first pick is always a stubborn asshole ""Ill shit on her in lane"" ... noone gives a shit..because as soon as she hits level 6 shell double kill bot 3-4 times, then kill top once or twice.. and now the game is over I main mid, and I'm very confident I can handle her with ease, and I *still* ban her. Partially because I don't at all trust me team to not feed her, but mostly because it's my personal opinion (An opinion? On the internet? Most unorthodox!) that the champion is cheap and stupidly faceroll and that no one should be allowed to play her."
This is hilarious. I wrote a Hello World program in class today!
"a lot of workplaces let you browse the internet on break, you know. An old fashioned type would say that he lost his job because he was on reddit at work, not because it wasn't tagged NSFW, but that's just perspective. Although the two are causally related, it isn't fair to blame reddit when he should have been working anyways."
bird is the word Wellp its settled; I'm writing my dissertation on internet law.
As someone with severe allergies I apologize because I do this all the time but I'd rather spit my mucus and saliva than swallow it. Hawking a lougie on the sidewalk. I get nauseous just thinking about it.
"I read somewhere that there are character quotes regarding a meteor in der Riese, so it is possible that the factory was established near an abundant source of 115--obviously within German occupied territory. So we still don't know how 115 got to 935, before they had built anything 115 related."
I have a BS in BS. You guys must be PhDs in metaology.
"but someone has already done that At first, it would probably be discouraging. Depression maybe, insecurity for sure. If you manage to deal with that, you could do trial and error until you are a seduction guru. At that point, you must write a book and sell it for ~~39.99~~ **15.99** on one of those cheesy scam looking websites with a 15 minute ad playing before you get to buy it."
Tell us how you really feel. I'm not going to go on labor day to ask someone to work more for something that is supposedly free...
I used to be a waiter and the best part of my job was crop dusting the dining room. How do you fart in public?
"""Rain Delay"" We are rain delayed. Watching your game day instead of mine. DD'S double was verra nice."
""" HD 7000 to 7600 parts"" Your 7850 is in the clear. Which is hilarious considering they *still* make a version of the 7850."
And how is this not casteism? They say - 'Never do business with a Brahmin. They pay only in blessings'
"Punk will never give me babies... How do you think AJ Lee, ex-girlfriend of Daniel Bryan, reacted to seeing the announcement that Brie Bella was pregnant with Daniel Bryan?"
"Not whopping enough to warrant you doing any proof reading I can only assume. Microsoft has confirmed a new, highly dangerous zero-day vulnerability that has caused multiple researchers to issuing warnings. The exploit is a whopper on all levels."
"Yeah, I thought she would've learned from that, but she's had NO growth. When Tanner appeared on tonight's episode my eyes rolled all the way back into my head. The fact that she's vaguely threatening Emily because of this is so stupid. Does she forget that five years ago the girls were completely exonerated and proved to be the victims? No?"
That was ruff I miss you
"""commentsaboutusernam"" that was me, but i haven't used it in a while I have been approached by 2 or 3 different users with usernames that couldn't fit the length, I don't recall any of them being novelty accounts, though."
"Fuck yeah free healthcare Bruh, you forgot the poutine. We'll all be fat, happy fucks."
"And ""beef"" But we have cheese in ours"
"Google Translate! They usually try to block as many proxies as they can now, this probably wouldn't work."
"Is the story ""I hit people very very hard""? Shibata's ring gear tells a story in itself, and I love it."
"Do we have a free market? Some jobs disappearing isn't the end of the world, it has happened since time immemorial. As technology develops, the economy adapts and so does the job market. The 550 jobs that are disappearing would lead to just about the same or even more jobs being created. Thats the beauty of the free market."
Makes no sense because the engine is already federalized in the US (RR/RRS). They told me they won't bring it here or at least no plans as of yet. (Assuming you're in us)
"Which candidate would you prefer them to endorse? It's not that amazing. She's a Nixonian Republican. Its a testament to how little the Democratic party represents the social or economic left or middle of the political spectrum that the economically conservative are migrating to the party, while leaving the racists and theocrats to anchor the modern Republican party."
Totally! The fan could be an item. That could work. Or the secret post-game boss.
I just love happy happy she looks that she outsmarted a little girl. Mom pranks
"Freedom If humanity were to begin colonizing its very first planet beyond Earth, what would we realistically decide to name it?"
"Not having a smartphone I am not able to participate in this fun. I learned about this new Pokemon Go app today. (Rant) My coworkers, many in their mid to late twenties, were walking around trying to catch pokemon on their phone. I stopped by the grocery store and yet again I see someone with their phone out in front of their face zooming around a corner to catch a Pokemon. Several people I know have posted to Facebook about running around their neighborhood trying to catch Pokemon. I have no problem with this game. I understand that for a lot of younger people, Pokemon was their childhood obsession, but Jesus Christ if you're an adult and in a store or at work can you please not act like an idiot? Go to a park or run around your backyard or neighborhood. It's ridiculous."
MILFs are hot Why is mum (or milf) porn so popular?
"What do you mean by slow down entry? As a security guard who frequently works at football matches, I hope this makes the public realise that we are there to do a job, not just slow down entry..."
"Yeah looking that series vs Echo Fox you could think they are even but gonna still give small edge to TSM. ""small edge"" haha you are funny"
"Qualified or ranked standard, i got mine definately for qualified coz i was camping #announcements for a new qualified map I think it's for ranked standard only, i got first scores on some new ranked map in taiko and ctb and didn't get the achievement while some guy who played same diff on standard did get the achievement"
"*Woe Can you show me a single instance in the history of the world where someone was shot over a climate change argument? Do you liberals always have to couch every debate in oppression and victimhood? I cant speak my mind on climate change or I will be shot?!? ""Whoa is me, oppressed liberal professor."""
"Oh, it was Mika Brzezinski... who is essentially a Trump surrogate. When MSNBC says Hillary is lying you know she's in trouble"
"A MIB browser can help you if you already know the names of what you're looking for (""inOctets"", not ""bytes""), or just grepping the MIB files themselves -- sometimes they do have helpful descriptions. Today's rant is brought to you by the letters SNMP. Dear god why does it have to be so frigging hard to track down just the right sequence of numbers to be able to monitor the things that you want to monitor?I don't suppose anyone out there has any decent tools to make SNMP walks less bullshit do they?"
"Based on that alone we would've seen them in ORAS, although probably will see them if we ever see Gen 1 remade on 3DS. Mega Weezing - Poison/Fire Mega Muk - Poison/Water Since they're used by Team Magma and Aqua, it sort of fits."
"I really would not have expected a Company like Amazon to use this ""check if IE, refuse to load"" crap lazy web Designers seem to like. Tip for Amazon Echo users If you decide to bring up the echo dashboard on your phone you will be greeted with a ""We don't support your browser"" screen. However, if you switch from requesting mobile to requesting desktop the page will come up fine on all its responsive goodness. Totally functional. Cheers!"
We need a Bouncer Reinhardt skin! We are all bouncers now!!! Bouncer=Reinhardt
"The American dream has been dead for a long time. Why is it ever Bernie supporter hates wealth? Wealth is not an evil thing. It may seem so to people who lack it, but the epitome of the American dream is to get money(which then allows you to get all the other crap)."
"The relative difference does not change between the items, so the preference won't either. No shit VAT is for new items, it's apparently also for repair parts and repair services. Point being taxes discourage people from engaging in that behavior. Soda tax discourage people from buying soda. Cigarette tax discourages people from buying cigarettes. Yacht tax discourages people from buying yachts. Etc. Point being if you have such a high tax rate on repairing a TV, and someone wants a working TV, they just might be pushed towards buying a new TV rather than paying all of that money in taxes to fix their old TV. Yes, they are still paying the tax on the new TV, but it's money being spent towards a new TV, and not an 8 year old TV."
NSFW that fucking nasty shit. so excited about this!
"What President Clinton/Trump does with that info, however, could very well be Orwellian. Haha, what? No. Google is an advertising company at heart. Advertising isn't compatible with Orwellian states. It relies on there being a choice in what you do. If every aspect of your life is controlled, there's no longer any need to advertise. It may be creepy, but Orwellian it is not."
"Those are the good old days: 2300: Crisis as there are human shortages cause everyone's busy having sex with robots 2200: Crisis today as USN senators raged at the pulpit, claiming a CO2 shortage in the atmosphere threatened all energy production, and the only salvation would be a joint venture between overlogging and a return to coal and nothing but coal."
"When I used to DJ weddings, I just kept my mindset like I was talking to someone who needed to process things a bit slower. What are some techniques you use to speak slowly when you speak too fast?"
"Oh right, my bad That was 150,000 souls. NG+"
Report back and let us know how you like him! thanks for the advice man i will forsure pick him up now
"dae pink tumors Here's your daily dose of ""look how pretty default minecraft is"""
"Night on the Sun by Modest Mouse, no question. Say you could listen to one last song (under 10 minutes) you could listen to before you had to die. Which song would you guys choose?"
"Took me a second to REALIZE what you meant, but yes, that is interesting :-) What I love about this comment is that you could have meant -BIGGER affect on rather than many people realize or -THAT many people don't realize."
thx for the sharing with some brothers! I have 3 spare (the code didn't come so I tried a few times every 15 minutes thinking it's overloaded and not registering the request) Five hours later all the request came :P
"Should I throw away my Game Genie then? cheating is one of the most painfull things in life, you probably will be cheated on at some point.. but you can avoid being a cheater...dont do it...Cheaters are the scum of the earth."
"He also changed his view on punishments for women on rape like 3 times in 3 hours lol A month ago Trump was talking about Bernie like he might drop out any minute now. Now he talks about Bernie like ""we're both winners even though I don't like him, and we're both in the same boat getting screwed by our parties"""
"Well at the very least we get to see them at appropriate times, rather than at random and awkward intervals. Which is why we don't see them very often.. sadly."
My god I've never wanted to play Risk so bad in my life! World Map on the Edge of a Lake.
"Uh... Well, your armor's gauntlet is already a plus... Would a knife do? I'm better at hand to hand combat, is there any sort of weapon I can use that'll utilize that?"
I really hope they go to the AHL overtime format next year. How can anybody not love the 3v3?
"Almost sexual, isn't it Smithers? Go with what fits"
The final step of the transfer process is to physically move the SD card from the original system to the target system. And what if I keep my SD card with my games and saves?
"I know, pretty simple, but I had to use what I have on hand and it's my first attempts at ANYTHING Good to hear dude! What are the recipes that you've tried so far? :edit Grammar"
I'm fairly certain that you are talking to a bot. You are a fucktard of the first order.
"thank mr semmler Man the way Semmler handles this interview is amazing, we should be really glad to have someone like him in the scene representing the the community like this, he's really worth his weight in gold to the cs community."
"Is the ginger the grandson from that kid in the cher movie ""mask?"" Roast us!"
I mean if nothing else it is in the loaner's (g2 dude) best interest for the loaned (fnatic) to be able to repay the loan+interest. Ocelote on G2's alleged ties with Fnatic
Nice. Yup. Full player movement.
"Let's e-mail Grant Morrison and tell him we fucked his whole system up. Hey, you know how Deadpool was originally created as a parody of Deathstroke? And that's cool because eventually Wade became his own unique character, and Deadpool and Deathstroke are in different universes/companies anyway. And you know that character Manchester Black? People like him, I've seen some posts highlighting his entry into the New52. Well, guess what: M. Black was created as a parody of a character named Jenny Sparks, who was in Stormwatch and was the leader of the original Authority. And now it's really weird because DC owns Wildstorm. And with Multiversity, I guess characters like Grifter or Henry Bendix could show up in the DCU. So who is Manchester Black, then? An alternate universe version of Jenny Sparks? Can anyone explain that?"
"And my season opens for 1-2 weeks in July yet its all I have been catching.. The Dolphins, Cudas and Sharks love the closed season... No they can't, they have a time frame where they can keep them. The season for them this year opened January 1st and you can only keep 1 RS a person. I was there from the 22nd of December to the 2nd of January and the only day we could keep RS was on the first."
"How There's also the scenario where say you move in together, unmarried and then separate. If things turn ugly that could turn into an even bigger legal mess than a divorce."
Extreme pollen warning. Found some plutonium on my way to the gym today.
"Yeah, I've taken quite some breaks I think you have to log in every week so your catalogs don't get messed up."
"And..... I'm stealing this. Cheetoh Benito, no?"
It is just karma... I get downvoted for literally proving I wasnt self advertising. Granted I could have done it better. But still how would you have me prove it wasn't?
"We need eye candy, watching Jets offense for these past few forevers has been painful. You guys don't really need a RB do you? Although a talent like Fourentte might be too good to pass on"
"Every time Zhang Fei comes up I keep thinking of the comedian. New Descend, Zhang Fei!!"
"I'm not sure what I expected when I read the title, but that was cool as fuck. Uncool is copy pasting the top comment in reply to someone else"
You certainly don't act like it. That's why I love you.
CAN'T WAKE UP WAKE ME UP
Came off at the corner of crooked and Hillary #WHERE ARE THE BRAKES??!?!??!!11
Walcott pay raise definitely. walcott be extended then?
"""You're not gonna shoot me"" This guy was so chill in the middle of a heist (Payday 2)"
"All the time, its depressing... You guys ever start talking to someone and then you snap like all the time, and then it sort of dies, and you slowly watch them slide down your best friends on SnapChat?"
whoa whoa...let's just dial it back for a second. Brown sugar cinnamon poptarts. Unfrosted.
What a jackass! Donkey gets jealous of a girl's attention
This is wrong. Neither do Storm callers Void walkers Strikers and Nightstalkers Get over it.
Hopefully they'll be better than Joker Game. More adult novels being adapted instead of light novels.
"At least he managed to translate ""made in China"". Boss, the pan is labeled for Spanish people"
"*Vomits* ***EVERYWHERE*** They are actually not onions at all, they stack 15 huntsman spiders on thier backs and deep fry them."
"It's common outside of the USA. Cleaning up the ""skid marks"" your poop leaves. I've never been to hotel that has a toilet brush in the bathroom, and that seems really unsanitary if they did."
"Sheeeeeeeeeeiiit Cool beans, thanks Nathan."
Every time Samsung makes the news they always look like cunts nowadays. Samsung wants $9.4M from Dyson because UK patent suit made it look bad
I hate this week Leonard Cohen has passed away at 82.
"Wow, this thread sure is xenophobic. White House vows to veto any bill limiting the amounts of Syrian refugees into the US"
"Yes, I prefer mine room temperature. water"
Cheers! Good point. I stand corrected. And your reasoning still works if the attacker starts the race at t=0 while withholding blocks.
"You have a pretty face Reddit, what is the best backhanded compliment you have heard?"
Yes Is she dead or in coma?
"Square both sides. Moving a square root to the other side of an equation. What do you do to move a square root from one side of an equation to another? Specifically, I have to solve for ""x"" here: t=2*sqrt(x/a)"
Damn this movie blew lmao Giveaway for Mockingjay Part 2 at Chinook Cineplex. I already bought a ticket for the 3pm show today but my friend cancelled on me. So I'll be giving it away on here Booking ID: WWKP257 Just enter the code at a ticket kiosk at the theater. It's for 3pm regular at cineplex Chinook.
"Bring some Baba ghanoush, and we'll let it slide. I'm just worried this subreddit is gonna figure out I'm half Lebanese."
"Sounds a lot like Fable and Peter Molyneux way back in the day. In No Man's Sky the oceans, tides, and atmosphere of different planets are determined by the distance and size of the moons orbiting the planet as well as it's distance from the Sun. (I'm joking this was one of the many hyped features that was bullshit)"
"Don't think twice, you'll just end up with two different results. Doublethink. Orwell didn't invent the concept, just the word."
No Im wondering the same thing. Will my USB Playstation stereo headset work after the 1.50 update?
"I didn't read the details on the deal, so I fully expected to see some of the Star Wars movies on Netflix on September 1. So what's the deal? September is almost over and I don't see any difference."
"I agree with your sentiment but disagree with your logic. They are lobbying for their legal drugs but also essentially lobbying for street opioids as well as the cartels that control their distribution. Big pharma is on the same side as the murderous cartels, that's bad."
SoonTM has turned into WeGotYoMoneyLOLzTM Welcome to the Lenovo update cycle!
"That community service ""con"" is free tuition for 100 hours of community service - I would call that a massive pro im currently in the honors program: Pros: IV is a great freshman dorm You get guaranteed housing in a specific apartment style suite as an upperclassman More opportunities/general prestige when it comes to seeking positions Can take honors section classes which (occasionally) have better professors than normal Cons: You have to take a couple BS seminars If your scholarship is above $20,000 (i think) you have to do community service overall if you get honors, take it"
Picking Techies... -Dota 2 What's a big no no in your favorite hobby ? Especially specific ones aside from the usual cheating ( in competitive ones) or being an asshole.
"I feel like this album was overshadowed by Watch the Throne being that both were hip hop collabs released within months but in terms of quality, Bad Meets Evil was just as good as Watch the Throne. Bad Meets Evil - The Reunion"
"It's funny, because the other Spiderman 2 has a little girl helping Peter get out of a hole in a burning building. Comic relief isn't funny, it's misogynistic."
But nothing in that scene really effectively parallels Leeroy Jenkins. He went full Leroy Jenkins.
Fire Coughlin Such a fluke.
"I just googled that now, wtf EA basically lied to everyone about his stats considering there was no futhead or the like back then in game stats mate"
This also crashes some android phones. This video causes a memory leak that forces you to hard reset your iPhone. It doesn't work on android phones.
"do the people who made this even know what squid ink is? It tasted okay, actually"
"Welcome to the fear empire. They'll make sure September 11th, 2001 never happens again."
47.9 for petrol. Ringwood in the 1980's
you have to speak the language of the people who's going to vote for you. I don't believe most politicians are truly religious I think they use religion to get votes and pretend to believe.
"Why do medical insurance plans cover chiropractic if it doesn't work? Nor is it even plausible sounding. It's hard for me to understand why well-intentioned people think ""sublaxations"" mean anything. Chiropractors have been shown time and time again to be pseudoscientific. Why do they still see such popular support?"
Waking up in a furnace is still better than sticker star. Still better than sticker star.
Uh no not at all I don't like any of the Abrahamic religions but Islam atm is by far the worst. He's totally caught between his desire to let his inner anti-semite fly and the persona he's trying to play here.
"So only non-computer hobbies are productive or somehow better now? i know this feel bro, i'm trying to find a hobby that doesn't involve my computer, but it's hard."
What's the difference between a CCTV camera on your street corner and one in your own home... What's the difference between a camera looking your plate number up and an officer punching it in by hand? Are you saying license plates themselves are turning the country into North Korea?
"So true, just hitching your wagon on their cart can land you in some sticky situations if you're not well versed in their brand standards (ioc and coc) guides. Ambush marketing is not uncommon with the Olympics"
"*Tom slams on the brakes, hoping to get behind them* *The Rockethog speeds up as well, speeding next to Tom. The passenger, a sniper, gets up and takes aim at him.*"
I'm glad you understand my pain I'm not even bothering with Chapter 2.
"Funny... Would have figured my taxes covered the costs of such services... Not necessarily, and in most cases, not in full unless the losing party was really pulling some shit that was borderline criminal. Because services have been rendered and some cash exchanged, the matter is entirely civil and a matter of contractual obligation, so the chances of recouping most of your legal costs are pretty slim."
It has the chip from FF7 in it. Submarine going at 70mph through ice?
He drained it and found oil! Donald Trump Learns to Love the Swamp
Ikr I have always wondered how much my viral load rose in those days between first going in and being diagnosed.
"Small tidbit: ""paras"" means best in Finnish so I read this initially that ""Kobe is the best"". Creighton Freshman Guard, Kobe Paras shows a different version of ""let it fly"" in practice. Excited for this young fella"
OH PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE SHONDA PLEASE YOU OWE US THIS Cyrus will be the new Command now.
"It looks like something out of Star Wars. Driving in Mogadishu, Somalia"
"Hah... If they are well connected like the big banks, they'll probably pay a $500,000 fine but admit no wrongdoing. 44 Oil Executives and Truck Drivers Were Just Arrested for a Multimillion-Dollar Scam: ""Prosecutors said the trucks were equipped with ""diverter valves"" that gave fake readouts of how much oil each customer was being delivered"""
"Why show off your breasts for free while some jackoff videographer gets all the money when you can do it for cash and keep at least some of it? You do know how many strip clubs we have in this town, right?"
"Several, in fact Fall under another pile of weed?"
"Maybe because it's headquartered in Chicago? *Clicks link; Ctrl-F for ""gangster"" -- 0 results...*"
P O
It kind of reminds me of the music from Akira. Creepiest Background Music in the Show
"So what do you propose they should do when a supposed ally sides with a group that calls for the killing of every single living Jew on earth? Israeli politicians act like a spoiled child throwing tantrum every time they don't like something even if it is as ridiculous as occupying territory. It is 21st century ffs! Stop this shit, build economy, make your people life better."
We appear to have seriously rustled some jimmies. This subreddit has become very popular lately
What are some advantages of using this over flask? Morepath 0.1 released! First release of Morepath Python web framework.
"thats evil, to ban the worse one. Just A - Assault Core. No need to ban dragon buster if they can't summon it."
"Better get him out quick, though, because his face will melt. Yup Bruce Jenner."
"IIRC he's 6'8"", 270 lbs. And who wouldn't be happy here in St. John's?? The place is beautiful Also I'm at this game now, holy fuck this guy is huge up close"
"I wouldn't consider him a higher weight class, just better at everything. Lan Mandragoran bitchslaps him. Though he might be a higher weight class."
"Would have been a lot of fried chicken. TIL Big Bird was supposed to be launched into space to encourage kid's interest in space/NASA. Instead they went with a teacher named Christa McAuliffe, who unfortunately died when the Challenger Space Shuttle exploded during take off."
Super Narnia. 4 lamp posts on the same spot
"Write for cracked or buzzfeed, they fucking love lists. I don't know how to write ! - seems all I'm good at is writing lists - when I speak, I have trouble forming eloquent or even coherent sentences, fumble my words, trail off, and often rely on body language and facial expressions to convey my point (almost as if I were speaking to someone in a foreign language) - when I write, I struggle with analogies - connecting anything to anything - and often leave spaces in sentences where I feel something has to be said but an unsure of how to say it. I assume this isn't rare, but a good half of my written work is blanks. - I'm thinking that the issue is years of living online - sorting information into boxes (or pin boards, magazines, files) and losing close to all ability to process, analyze, discuss, or even remember it How do I bounce back? Should I just die?"
Isn't that scent thing a myth? So do dogs if they're not being cared for. They can tell if something is wrong with their baby and if they are starving (since they just gave birth) they will eat their pups. Same thing with mice. If their pup smells weird like from a person touching it before it is weened they will end up being eaten.
"Also add all the other Western (like France) and Muslim world leaders who cheerled the debacle of an attack on Libya. Gaddhafi also said that he was the only thing keeping a flood of immigrants from trying to get to Europe. Looks like Ms. Clinton and the grandmaster himself, Obama, were asleep at the wheel again."
Freakonomics always gets me to think deeply. What podcasts should everyone listen to ?
"Murray struggling in no way effects the fact that chip wants a grinder, not a dancer, so no, McCoy was a bad fit because McCoy was a bad fit, nothing has changed that Anyone else still buy that McCoy wasn't a good fit for the offense?"
Because Jewish conspiracy. Why isn't the media talking about this
"So why would the news create a large coverage in a follow-up to something that didn't get such large coverage? No, because obviously at that point there wasn't much else to say but ""boming weddings is bad, mkay?"""
Sometimes I feel like I'm the only person who's ever read and liked that book. Have you read Atlas Shrugged?
No I'm not looking for an argument with a troll Most people who aren't obese can look like that by stringing together multiple disciplined weeks of dieting and exercise. Now is this the part where you cry about your genetics while shoveling pizza into your mouth?
RUSH B RUSH B NO STOP NO STOP CYKA BLYAT Tec-9 rush B
cavalry The household calvary deploy on operations just like the rest of the army
"And meth... Yeah definitely, although weed is legal there so they got that going for them..."
"Talon and LeBlanc take their sweet-ass time to delete people now. I can't imagine, Leblanc, talon, rengar...they will nuke even more."
No. Can you play the new killer yet on ptb?
"That's the easy way out isn't it, leave it up to someone else to explain how god damn hard it is to close the loop-holes. This has been detailed so many times. There's an entire tax avoidance industry who service this market. Do a search on ""tax avoidance"" and start educating yourself."
Some people don't. Having a camera on your mobile is awesome.
Mange. What do wildlife guys get installed?
"Kirkland vs Angulo Rnd1 is very good Post you favorite round of boxing Well, it doesn't have to be your favorite, but pick one round everyone needs to watch, even if they've already seen it. Check the thread before you post a link so we don't get duplicates. It would be a waste to have Gatti - Ward posted 3 times when there might be some more obscure fights out there people don't know. If you post a link to the full fight, set it up to start playing at the beginning of the chosen round (or at least mention the time to skip to). I think we can get a cool thread going for some weekend viewing."
Jew guys better cut it out. Ann Frankly who would want to stop him?
"My guess is that his agent is listing a price that will most likely go down as FA continues At this point though, he could probably be added for the veteran minimum."
#BITCH-CACKLING goodnight sweet prince
"I have a H80i that I used on a HTPC, and it works great, this is just something I've wanted to learn how to do for a while. If you're just doing the CPU, why not an H100i or something of the sort?"
You could sell em Why?! Who wants a million snails in their tank?!
More like digital suicide amirite This was barely funny the first time everyone heard it.
"He's too sp00ped, duh Why"
Remember when the sex offenders list was for pedophiles and rapist.... Couple found guilty of having sex on Florida beach. Must register as sex offenders.
"Meanwhile, on Bizarro world. I find this very unsettling."
Vasectomy. She'll poke holes in the condoms. Better cut off your johnson before you get in bed with her.
datamining Why do they want users to use their app instead of their site though?
Why not anymore? This isn't normal? I use to do this.
Smells like a jungle role. I want to be the Joker
"[[Kringles Curse]] on the high end for price but worth every cent Looking for a good mint/menthol flavor for winter Since it is now winter for real (ohio weather is fucking dumb) I'm looking for a good menthol flavor or minty flavor to vape just in case I get a chest cold or a bad cough. I use these as cough drops, because they work better for me, and I always end up chewing the drops. I have some from my local B&amp;M's shop juice, but it was 12mg and they stopped carrying the flavor because the mixing was off which caused it to have too much menthol(shit was like breathing cold fire). I also have no MTL anything anymore. Anyone have any suggestions? Thanks in advance!"
when will the minority on minority crime stop Kings Minority Owners Want to Take Control from Vivek
"Self defence classes also teach this as a last resort. Colorado University Advises Students to Urinate, Vomit to Stop Rapists"
"so they gonna drop the hudson river crossng tolls ? Port Authority ""will recover more than 97%"" of the $7 Billion invested in rebuilding the World Trade Center over the next two decades, according to NYU study"
"That's not maple syrup, that's table syrup! When I got my Canadian citizenship, this is what my coworkers did to my desk at work."
"Sad to see after a single loss ido has already been demoted to top bellator movement coach. Michael ""Venom"" Page has also started working with Ido Portal"
I just laughed at your comment... where am I? It's not?
wall-e? Terrified
"If I remember correctly they took it from the report released by the sheriffs department. Without knowing anything about a site called leoaffairs, it would be safe to assume this site would be biased as well. Not saying they are omitting info or cherry picking, just that it is not a neutral site."
Nioce The result of a few tastings at Casey Brewing in Glenwood Springs.
Not everyone has time to watch a 30 minute video at 7 in the morning Watch it you heathen.
Had no idea you could unlock weapons that aren't shown in the store. signature weapon after you get 10 memory cards
"The debate in the comments over the use of ""You Won't Believe Aren't Photoshopped"" was ridiculous and of course it degenerated further into a debate over what constitutes ""true colour"". I, too, read Cracked."
"most memes get stale for me The ""Literally Unplayable"" meme is getting a bit stale for me, anyone else?"
It's spelled C O R G I You want crazy? One word: DOG
I'm sure he can find a good mortgage for the new house. Dan Gilbert is going to have to sell his house
"Nope, they don't include Sunday. Does an official opening weekend not include Sunday? I saw these numbers, the exact box office numbers in this post, ost on Sunday morning very early."
"Pillar Drop Semien, Andrus, or Pillar for Snell?"
"I found them thanks I'm on mobile right now so I can't post the links to them myself, but look through the trailers. Night scenes usually have them."
"For only political the party trying to put guns into schools not allowing them at their convention puts the lie to ""safer with more guns"" line they are pedaling. Secret Service weighs in on petition calling for guns at GOP convention"
Susie is bae Oh...Where are you Susie? I miss you.
"this is a great album, as well as geogaddi Boards of Canada - Music Has the Right to Children (1998) excellent"
"Praise Karl, king of ducks. I live beside a lake. My street is infested with ducks. I blame faggots like OP for making them not afraid of humans. A duck got into my apartment building. Fuck you, OP."
"Oh. Delicious roast pork North of the Wall, thanks Coldhands!"
gorgeous That look
"Rhino warps the format more than flip jace but not to the point of being ban-worthy. With Jace, Vryn's Prodigy becoming as expensive as Jace, the Mind Sculptor, do you think he'll be banned from Standard? I know it's early to say, and it's probably do to a buyout. But I wasn't around during JTMS, was the situation similar?"
"You got points for kills. The sneak attack event was really interesting. It rewarded scouting, which WvW needs more of. What other changes were made? I can't remember."
"Such a waste of paper! fair enough, lol. Even more infuriating is her closing the line with people in it! I dunno if it's all locations but KFC receipts are awful for being long. Bought ONE item, paid in cash and I shit you not, recipt was over a foot long. Reeediculous."
"I clearly meant economic policies... not sure if an economist would be a considered an authority on military ventues, so that is irrelevant. but strictly economical, david stockman and martin feldstein are the two biggest reagan sidekicks. and the alan greenspan, but no one likes him"
"BTW, where'd you order your parts from? :-)"
Inven is the Korean equivalent of reddit Dumb but serious question...Who/what is inven?...someone like apdodog or something?
"shows how much I know: is the engine (Unity, whatever) written in something lower level but the rest of the game interfaces with it through some GC'ed language? irl I think C# is most games now"
Am I the only one who thinks both of those grips look like crap? Colt and S&amp;W 1911s with Hogue scrimshaw grips
"You should do an AMA on that sometime, it must turn your life inside out. Around here they call it the midnight shift; graveyard shift is 10pm-7am. We have people here all day every damn day."
"Anyone happen to have a link to the interview where he stumbled on the coalition question? Ben Carson Is Struggling to Grasp Foreign Policy, Advisers Say"
"Considering that it was announced that *The Defenders'* first season would be six episodes of at least 60 minutes each, I don't think you have to worry about that :D As much as I love any time they can cram a bunch of cool characters together (honestly I squee'd at the Avenger's announcement) I am worried about The Defenders because I am not sure how they could do a show with DD, JJ, and others without some getting sidelined, and I like them all. :("
"The underachiever If you had a signature sex move, what would it be?"
I wonder how many young women lost their virginity in the front seat of that car? 1972 Datsun 240z
"Its a pain to read comments like yours, when you obviously have no idea about Ubi and their terrible track record with rainbow six games the last decade. Holy crap you guys are salty as hell, I don't even know how the community team doesn't go mad over your stuff, constantly telling them ""WY DONT U DO GROUND BRENCH UBI U SUK U H8 R6"" and saying that an **Alpha** version is the final version and that they are traitors to true R6 fans. This subreddit is a pain to read."
"Smells like troll. DNC Delegate - President of the Hamilton County Young Democrats applauds police brutality, seems to brag about being drunk at DNC. He is under 21."
does this really require an explanation? Nightmares?
"Newer games have much better support for all 8 cores now which helps balance the workload. I ran an FX-8350 and two R9-290s in Crossfire for about a year, problems I was having with GTA V were solved with driver updates. Some games did struggle with the lower IPC, however even the games that did struggle played happily between 50~60FPS, which is more than good enough for most."
"Sincerely, Josh Johnson Then your not a fan of the San Diego ""TJ"" Padres baby!"
ik zie wat jij daar deed! Flink uitge*rekt*.
I guarantee there'll be 2 or 3 posts on here about exactly this tomorrow event lnd scroll gonna pop this one out hoho
They might want to root around up in there and make sure they didn't miss one. Size 12 to 20? That's some serious baby weight.
"Oh come on, i'd hardly call them men. Grown Men Sing Song From My Little Pony in Public"
"He'll drop to 99 soon to keep being the gatekeeper, *because maybe* he's just on a good form for now. This is awesome, it's really nice to see Doomsday setting scores again!"
Simpson's (MS) did it. Sony looking at DLNA and MP3 support for PS4 after 'passionate' response
"Chances are it won't even be colored within the lines. You say that. But chances are, it won't be good. I wish you luck."
Been sober as a brick for ages (both alcohol and weed). Congrats! How many beers to deal with the War bond grinding?
"Possibly the costume on the mannequin in the middle of his apartment, after all he did see Barry in costume in BvS That was head canon before justice league. How else would he find out exactly?"
"This whole time, I thought people were just really into hoarding a bunch of ISOs. The long running joke on this sub is that we refer to pirated content as Linux ISOs"
I think making a bad machine gun that hindered American forces didn't help. Where is the French Army ?
How do you think they built the pyramids on Mars? Slaves during the moon landing?
Sadly true. Not all childfree people are pro-choice.
Those tennis grunts were quite cringey. Tennis player says something ambiguous and immediately regrets it
Omfggggggggg I am weak. Hilarious Parody Iyanla: Fix Their Life (Got 2B Real)
DISCUSTING ORDER CORN
Looks like his cousin's cousin? Brandon Routh and Tyler Hoechlin
There is no policy and no reason for a policy. Possibly. So what? They should update their policy.
"Fine, getting pegged by their gf then Well straight men would probably never find themselves in the situation anyway lol."
Don't you mean BASTA! Cut it out!
"Don't hate, I own those. Eye-catching"
"My sources are telling me it's actually couscous. 3 &amp; 7/16ths years, Wade Boggs and a side of Rice Pilaf"
Ethtrader as it turns out is more for discussing positive news. Nothing to stop him buying back in.
I believe it was real-time strategy; maybe it was turn based? isit a tower defense game? or a real-time strategy game?
I mean that this post is spam and has been reported. What do you mean? Many people following the protein shakes?
Autoimmune disease of the skin. Am I the only one wondering *why* this chimp is hairless?
"The islamic state has claimed responsibility for the attack. That's true. I just find random acts of violence like this baffling. I'm used to crime with motive (robbery, revenge, gangs drugs etc.), but these shootings are mostly kids with warped ideologies senselessly killing for whatever reason that seems just. It's absolutely insane."
Someone needs to remake this with the skiing giraffe I am not a monkey
This guy is going to be so sad when facebook reminds him of the last time... he's never cried *sniffle* (x-post: r/quityourbullshit)
I would never willingly go near Cincinnati. You're in the Midwest right? Maybe Cincinnati area?
"Honestly, that game was basically EG's game to throw. Was it though? I thought it looked like he struggled in lane because he let the bear take too much harass (ran it past T1 tower, Lion and Drow at lvl 1 for example), couldn't split push when he got radiance and late game drow+mirana would kill the bear in two seconds. Sure he was instrumental in the turnaround but that was only because EG did the mistake to ignore the bear to go for the throne. IMHO Alliance won that game because of carry Bulldog and that they played well as a team."
"The reasons for the rules aren't for some male-supremacist, female-oppressing agenda. ...What?"
"Better shooting guards Klay Derozan Wade Harden Mccollum Who am i missing? I think it can comfortably be said they would have top 2 at PG, SF, PF, C and the 10th best SG. That would definitely be the best starting squad in the league"
"You can always double check with the registrar or business office, if there is anything you need to do to formally unenroll Is there any formal procedure for transferring out of a college? I transferred out of a college, into SBU, and I was wondering if I should tell that previous college that I'm no longer attending. They keep sending me correspondence about registering for classes and that my bursar bill is due. Is it okay for me to just ignore them? Should I contact them and tell them ""Hey, it's over, knock it off."""
"If he was trying to get the majority of voters to vote him, instead of trying to win the election, they might have. The majority of voters did not vote for trump."
"....There was an actual point of some kind to that sentence, right? the cringe is what the thing does not how he reads it in my opinion"
"If you like the decisions the labour leader makes why exactly do you not want to vote for labour? Goddamn it, he keeps making me like him but I don't want to vote for Labour."
"Hours of your life spent working to pay to buy and maintain it Instead of a rating of horsepower, what would you like to see the things you own rated in?"
"Tonight on ESPN: ""Is RG3 black enough?"" How can RG3 be a brown if he is already black?"
"They are selling for a pretty penny right now. Does anyone know where I can find a Solmetric Suneye? From what I've read, Solmetric was bought by Vivint and they have discontinued the SunEye. I've searched around everywhere and haven't been able to find anything. Does anyone have and idea where I could find one in the eastern US? used or new"
We are having a serious discussion and you're welcome to participate if you have anything to add. Gotta get that 25 billion dollar wall!
Or the 2015 Seahawks. That was a motherfucking puck control clinic. With about as much finish as the 2007 New England Patriots
"I thought the thing was it was registered 2 months after..? It's a conspiracy that goes deep, man. That Uniting Australia Party registered before Clive mentioned his intention to start the United Australia Party. It's one of Clive's closest confidants. It could even be Clive himself... Seriously, as if anyone can take Clive Palmer seriously. They've got until Monday to get their paperwork in to the AEC, and then they'd better keep everything they can cross crossed, because it's only going to take one objection, or one miss-step, to ensure they don't get registered in time."
Two years sounds a bit lenient for stomping an underage teenager's head into the street. Damn that article is an infuriating read.
"TDM Already a lot there. What mode are you finding all the Xmas noobs on? Xmas morning is about 12 hours away for me and in past cods I've never encountered noobs the eve before. I must get matched in my time zone a lot, central US. So if everyone would like to post what mode they find the most noobs in to help us all have a merry Christmas."
They saved the bullets for your banker buddies ie Goldman Sachs. You stay classy NY. Meanwhile the city has budget shortfalls and students to educate. When it is time to draw in the belt; it is time to draw in the belt. Many times (not always!) ... the unions don't. Many times (not always!) ... management doesn't either. The situation sucks. But it isn't one sided. [Why would you bring a baseball bat to a gun fight?]
"We've provided lots of evidence supporting our claim, and they just dismiss it as ""conspiracy theories"" the burden of proof is on us, yes, but they simply dismiss our proof and never actually explain why it's false Hate to sound like a patronizing prick, but that's not how the burden of proof works."
"By comparison, the beige car two over must feel better about their flat. Truck made it, tire said fuck it I'm out.."
"They're protesting your ignorance, can you not read? What is the point? What are they protesting? I know nothing about Juggalos."
Where did that come from? I have a question. Does Perfect sound like a stripper name? I want to know just in case I decide to name my daughter that.
The Turn A Gundam to lesser and the Turn X to an higher Degree. Was there a previous Gundam with ridiculous high heels? All that comes into my mind is the Nobell and the Arios.
Two evenly matched 2k teams for TI6 grand finals please! i really hope OG start getting knocked out theyre great and all but holy fuck finals are boring as fuck with them the games are just a stomp for the most part and its just boring to watch i wanna see teams going bakc and forth evenly matched not knowing who could take it
Asshole comment of the day: That guy still isn't getting laid. Some people change. 400lbs to 197lbs
"Pics or it never happened Depression? Check. Need for breast augmentation? Check. That's it guys, I'm moving to Canada."
"The only person who ever attempted it cracking Intelliborn software is wortel, and he went MIA a few years ago. I'm simply curious how Intelliborn can do it and noone else can."
"Which soundtrack ? One code for soundtrack anything you have to offer Just got a code for the soundtrack, I can basically give it to you but would prefer if you have some cheap skin or other cheap DLC lying around."
What I said has very little to do with the modern institution of marriage. Marriage in the U.S. leaves only the illusion of being Alpha. The courts will reveal the true Alpha in due time. Spoiler: it's not the man.
Estimated Time of Arrival. ETA?
"It's not guaranteed but I can definitely see it happen, Goretzka is definitely playing I'd say and behind that I feel like Geis and Bentaleb are on about the same level. You think Bentaleb will crack the XI? If so, I'll have to catch a few games."
"GabAI This is the AI that will be included in HL3, GabeN is just testing it."
"Anyone else think this was a sex act gone wrong? TIL the death of an Australian man, found stuffed into a zipped sleeping bag, his hands bound with zip-ties, his head in a balaclava, and his mouth stuffed with a rag and tightly covered in cling film, was ruled by police to be a suicide."
"A novel concept, but surely much too elaborate for the abject simplicity defining the mind of the average american moviegoer. Maybe we can have a system which tells you what's in the movie. For example, V#S#L# (Violence, Sex, Language). the # would be 0-3, 0 being there's none in the movie and 3 being the worst. A war movie would have V3,S0,L1 listed, a comedy might have V0,S2,L3, etc."
All I know is that since last summer whenever people start talking cricket I have a sudden craving for KFC. What is this Investec Test nonsense? I came here to read about The Ashes Test.
"Multiplayer death match... God announces we get DLC, what are game developers going to add to life?"
"run jewelry store on normal solo for RNG OR get goonmod and use gage coins. Bill Clinton Mask - The 42nd One of the few achievements i need is ""I did not have sexual relations with that Bulldozer"". I'm V-100, have played close to 400 hours, played each and every mission and i still have not gotten this stupid mask. Theirs not allot of information out their about this, but are their any jobs or tricks to get a specific mask? (i wish their was a way to trade masks, i have 6x of the 44th)"
"A class derived from `str` that simply returns spaces for every character past it's ""length."" Can you explain the cheat?"
"People are allowed to think that the sky is green or that repeatable observations are worth as much as an opinion, but if I have to try to hold a productive conversation with one of these people, I'm allowed to rage just a bit. Remember that a lot of science is theories, and that believing in those is an opinion. Also, I don't see what's wrong with the OPs mum. Honestly, as long as a religious person is not forcing their beliefs onto someone else, I don't see why anyone should care."
"It *is* illegal on a federal level though, but most states don't care what you do, even allowing passing inspection on modified cars I never said it wasn't, just saying it wasn't illegal to do so. (As long as the car still passes inspections)"
"Maybe it was for motivation, did she ever finished with ""because if you don't, you'll look like me""? Reminds me of my middle school gym teacher. She was really fat and always made us ""run faster"", ""push harder"". I'd always think, 'fuck you fatass, why don't you get out here and run you piece of shit.'"
"Without the pipelines, how would all those chiefs be able to fuel up their 350 Super Duties and Ram 3500's? Jim Carr rejects idea First Nations are united against pipelines"
You should send this to the guys over at Radio Sidewinder. iDock - Because you can't fly for sh*t
"This season it isn't, next episode is next Saturday at 8:30pm Eastern. After tonight, when is the next new episode on? The schedule is very confusing."
"Yeah the art is all really nice, but... the everything else... ""The most romantic thing anyones ever done for me"" You know what? The commissioned art is very cool, I know girls really like that kinda stuff, I draw up things for my girlfriend all the time, she loves it. But holy shit...I think I need to lay down..."
"Verify integrity of your game files in steam Rocket League will not launch. Went into game files and I am missing RocketLeague.exe file. Help! Hey guys for the past 4 days I have been unable to play RL. Every time I attempt to start the game I get a steam box that says ""Preparing to launch Rocket League"" and endlessly loops to this screen. When troubleshooting this issue I saw that if you go into your local files and start the game as an administrator from the RocketLeague.exe file it should rectify the issue. However when I went into the win32 folder I did not find a single file named ""RocketLeague.exe"" At the time of writing this I have uninstalled 4 times and reinstalled 3 times (currently on the 4th reinstall). Does anybody have a fix for me? Have you experienced this issue? I am truly desperate I am suffering from Rocket withdrawls and I need my fix. Thanks in advance."
"I'm an American with Irish ancestry and I love spicy food, I'm not crazy about beer and I listen to a ton of reggae What is a stereotype you break?"
"All of these old ass bands are nice but: Thievery Corporation Doja Cat Bassnectar Tipper Ratatat Glitch Mob Celph Titled and the Demigods Death from Above 1979 Are there any artists that you like over 95% of all the songs they've ever released? For me, it's a short list: Beatles, Lennon solo, McCartney solo, Pulp, Smashing Pumpkins."
"Dodge roll for days Yeah, who needs...progress...."
"yeah a lot of things in CSGO change so I'm pretty alright at adapting :) There are plenty of youtube guides already, but just beware that the balance is subject to change, so you might have to unlearn some things in the future."
I bet there's kinkier shit at the Vintage Values right there. Found in MJ Petsmart
"Lots of dutch, but not most by any means I remember in the late 90s/early 2000s Barca was almost completely Dutch. They seem to go through different phases. Maybe hiring Tata was an attempt to make a South American team, maybe signing others to join Neymar, Messi and Sanchez, had Tata not failed?"
My wife names the scandals Name this scandal. Most upboats wins. I'll start. #policygate
Look up tophattwaffle I need GOOD hammer tutorials. Just tutorials that cover all the aspects. Please and thank you.
"No its obnoxiously good fun to watch a team get dominated by an even better team. Blowouts are boring. Both games when the warriors stomped the spurs/Cavs i was rooting for GS, but once you're up 30 at the start of the 4th the bench is in, and its more boring than watching pickup at my gym."
If it all goes 100% to plan. ... + Uber + power companies + various train and bus companies.
"What an egomaniac. TIL that James Franco launched a college course entitled ""Master Class: Editing James Franco...with James Franco,"" in which student editors are to compile a 30 minute documentary on Franco, using behind the scenes footage of Franco supplied by Franco, to ""create a cinematic image of James Franco."""
"Go Rams, Texans and Cardinals! Isn't there something we can do to change this?"
"judge, jerruh and executioner. In Dallas, Jerry is the judge, jury and executioner."
"Ele is one of the best mythic+ DPS classes right now. Ele is pretty awful right now, probably better to go with enhance."
"True that, though it is easier to accept if you lose the game in a glorious battle against Ottomans and their allies, rather than by being eaten alive piece by piece by some has-been colonizer that you could easily beat 1v1 Those moments where you *do* want to challenge the Ottomans however, having them allied Austria, France and Spain isn't exactly funny."
"And without putting air crews at risk it did it much faster, though."
"The torrent didn't matter man, the problem is the ship he fired backwards. It was actually the sound of him missing his torrent."
The fact that this is tagged NSFW says a lot. New Jersey snow sculpture gets frosty reception
Works for me on aim_botz You can't hit multiple targets with a single shot now
"Someone hand me a bucket, I'm gonna hurl... Democratic National Convention - Day 1"
"You must be living in the past. ""This is an offensive-minded team, no one is afraid of playing this defense"" - Tony Dungy on SNF during halftime"
"I do the exact same thing with my on the job experience and lack of $20,000+ loan. I can do the same thing with my $20,000+ drafting degree."
"If you ask around at a prison the answer is ""all of them"". How many *wrong defendants* already have? How many of them went to prison, were beaten, were raped, were killed because cops **lied**?"
"So thats why I couldn't play GTA V I don't know about you, but as soon as the framerate drops to 29, I just see a blank screen until it's over 30 again."
"And he takes, and he takes, and he takes. sufjan"
Can't do worse than Rosberg Try not to kill the man
You underestimate shitposting powers i mean how has this gotten such a bad quality in just two days wtf
Ye olde english. It's olde english for naive person
After creating an ok cupid account I started to get paranoid that I'd appear on one of those websites dedicated to people putting stupid stuff on ok cupid. What's the silliest thing you're paranoid about?
No thanks. Straight to the point
";) I'm sure I could, or modify the magazine back to the original capacity, but I would never do that, that would be illegal."
I don't think so. It seems Ford is the sentimental type after all.
Because it knows your are better than that. Scumbag Pencil
"So when they filmed first LOTR movie for 438 days you would assume that they had cameras running 438 days non-stop? I guess it's ignorant to assume the cameras would be on during filming of a movie. Three separate occasions and there was not a single camera on to record any of it. I guess I'll be the opposite of ignorant and just *assume* they really were struck by lightning, like they say. I say assume because there's no proof, and that's what's left."
"Yeah the accuracy gives it a huge advantage over any cruiser it does how ever struggle to deal decent damage to battleships I can't remember who said it, but I recall a comment ""The Murmansk is only marginally better than the Omaha, but better is better."" Sure, fewer guns and torpedoes, but that range and accuracy!"
Until you dc midway through fel rush This... This changes everything!
it's being added for rio. Where the hell is golf? It's played worldwide and they could have an awesome gold medal tournament wherever the nearest suitable course is. Matchplay maybe?
"man, he looks good in blue........... It has begun."
What has the cold got to do with a failed base-gasket? This is why you don't start your 4 stroke in the cold...
Go on... The Leader.
"Well, Everything went. Yeah, I remember liking it, but honestly couldn't tell you how it ended."
"Smoke and neon respectively, neither make sense for instadeath water. Haven't played yet. Too poor."
"Still missing one. Devils, sharks, flyers, sens"
"Gay or not THAT is ILLEGAL and he needs to be in jail ASAP. my dad beat me up and raped me for being gay. I just don't even have the fucking energy to write about this. I'm a 16 year old guy and yesterday my dad asked to borrow my phone for a minute, I gave him my phone and he went into my messages and saw some.. Stuff. He just got mad and threw the phone, started yelling and cursing at me, saying how disappointing I am and that he can't believe his own son is the F word. He just jumped on me and beat the crap out of me. I thought I was gonna die, I just kept trying to get away from him. I started crawling out and he grabbed my pants to pin me down and they got half removed from how hard he was grabbing them. He grabbed me by my fucking leg and sat on top of me. I don't wanna talk about the rest but it was ugly. Everything was so painful. And to think that my own dad would do all of this. I just don't know what to do anymore. I feel so hurt. I just wish I wasn't fucking gay. I hate my life. I wanna just fucking drop dead."
"*overzealous* ""progressive"" people. Social Justice Warrior. It's a prejorative term for socially progressive (anti-racist, feminist, pro-lgbt) people."
"I'm goin on break! Hell yeah! Meeting adjourned! But I had my heart set on AAAAA, we were almost there."
Holy fuck those situations are not always so black &amp; white(no pun intended) Tazers should be used for disabling unarmed threats. Instead tazers are used for people who are already hand cuffed but mouth off. Bullets are used for unarmed threats.
You are correct! Yep. I think the 8xxx series are the ones that force use SIP.
"Yeah most vendors just want to let kids be able to drink, not have people try to fake their identity. It's interesting that they say most vendors won't make one over age 23. I wonder if that's an anti-crime/terrorism protection or what? Ensures the majority of their business is wanting to get around age restrictions rather than more nefarious stuff?"
Judgeing from the trail angles it was done over approximately 6 hours. How many 15 second photos?? Looks like you were there at least a couple hours!! Great shot!
Yeah I've considered doing the whole northern Canada thing for a year or two just to save up Depending on the project consulting isn't always better! I've shifted to mostly office work now but I did the 21 days out and 7 days home in northern Canada for a couple of years. .... it was good money haha.
We r dum The 1st round of the 2015 NFL Draft is over...How did your team do?
That annoying ability in Civ that causes him to always prove the world is round first? King Kamehameha .. What is that from. It sounds familiar.
"Same for dating, beautiful people can turn out to be horrible and immature on the inside and quickly become repulsive. First impressions matter up until experience kicks in."
Damn CBS Back at it again with your best show! Big Brother Renewed For Summer 2017 And Summer 2018
"Well if you look at the recent ESL numbers, it's definitely not overblown Because the whole ''omg monsters are so weak!'' whining is way overblown?"
"Well, I don't know if he overcame anything, but it sounds like he probably came. Officer material right there. Improvise, adapt, and overcome."
"Tom Donohue of the US Chamber of Commerce has said she will support TPP once she becomes president and that her support ""runs in the family."" Except I highly doubt that she has really changed her mind on trade. Lots of wiggle room in her mealy-mouthed statement against the TPP. Climate change, similar - sure she may move the needle slightly, but I don't trust that she has deep commitment to the revolutionary change required."
"I briefly considered converting to Islam after I left the church, but then I realized that I couldn't believe in any god or follow any religious rules as a lifestyle anymore. If having lots of members makes a church true, should we all convert to Islam? This was an argument I had. When speaking about the obvious problems and evidence against Mormonism with someone, I made the point that Joseph Smith never named a successor, and how even Joseph's wife Emma didn't agree that Brigham Young was the prophet. So even if Joseph was a prophet (which is a HUGE if), how do we even have authority in the church today? The other person said, ""well look at all the Mormon off-shoots. None of them have amounted to much of anything."" Okay, well if having lots of followers makes your church the true church, does that make Islam even more true that Mormonism? Because there's like 2 billion Muslims. **crickets** Mormon logic is using facts only when they work to your advantage."
4 months for a new skin tho :/ YOOOOOOOOOO MY GUY I DIDN'T EVEN THINK ABOUT THIS I WOULD LITERALLY BE OVER THE MOON IF THIS HAPPENS
I just use EVGA PrecisionX and turn on the custom profile really :/ How does one turn it off?
"too late, mate.... That would be so stupid.... exactly what BW would do. Quick! Hide the comment!"
So because Bush was a dumbass and did dumb things the states should start leaving? EU answer to the migration was to put the people in busses and drive them to central and northern Europe. The farce that happened with the migration surely had an effect on this all.
6? how many keys for fsls
YES plz pm me! Would anyone be interested in HTC one's with these colors?
I lived an incomplete life What is your life story in six words?
You have to act that way to sell fights and increase the prizepool Anybody else remember when Rousey was the most cocky fighter out there and said she could beat any male and shit like that? lol
"linux is even worse than consoles. SteamOS, save us!"
"any kind of hard drug, no matter how many people tell me to try it for free What do you have no intention of ever doing?"
"I doubt an NDP majority is possible, mainly because of Alberta's unfair electoral district distribution. We could end up with a 2011 federal election style result with an NDP majority."
Also a 14 trillion dollar debt You had a 5 trillion dollar GDP 1990- it's now 14. Who would want that?
Not me Yeah I read it as mass effect and was confused
"Just like how America stopped being ""great"" What do you mean by Europe will burn again?"
Missed it by that much... You've got to be kidding me!
"The Gaslight Anthem are my favourite band of all time, among others I listen to Biffy Clyro, Frank Turner and The Smith Street Band, just started listening to AM Taxi too! What other bands does everyone here listen to?"
You gotta post the rest and slam me! What the fuck did you just say to me you little bitch?
dark matter and 1 cc3 for unicorn? Crimson UniCorn Horn Offers Crates : (15:4:13)
Because it was done on purpose. How do you just fuck up so hard?
"Thief 3 admittingly tried to go Sandbox, but it became a big downgrade from Metal Age. Yeah I got that just from the title. I've been biting at the bit for a proper Thief game since May of 2004 ... but not so much that I'm gonna say ""Yeah! 'RPG', 'isometric', 'sandbox', 'nonlinear', and 'Thief' are totally reconcilable concepts that will work cohesively!"" This game looks like it could be fantastic, but I'm not sold on the ""Thief inspired"" part at all."
"I don't know about most of China being under tibetan rule, but when I go to a free tibet site, they claim around 25% of prc territory. Some of Qing, some of Ming, some of those territories were not Tibet proper but Tibet heavy areas like gansu and western Sichuan. Much of china was a part of Tibet during their empire days, and let's not even get started on the old Uighur empire to the north."
I think genji mains have a fear of any moving vehicle. Found the genji main's car.
"You just described 90% of reddit It's r/bestof. If they can't find fault with the actual post, they'll find the one negative aspect they can zero in on and magnify it 10x. I don't know why I ever check the comments in this sub, they're such negative, cynical garbage from miserable, judgmental people."
"You're not supposed to block with weapons, that's what rolling and 100 block shields are for. Why Fromsoft? (DLC weapon spoilers) Why the fuck can't I breath fire with the torch or throw the javelin while I'm using them in the left hand. The Followers even breath fire while the torch is in their left hand, and what the fuck is the point of blocking with a spear that has 5 more stability than a dagger. TL;DR: LET ME DO THE WEAPON ARTS IN THE LEFT HAND WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU"
"Their Dad, Neville Neville. Gary or Phil"
Maybe because when this was originally posted all the comments were horrible but as time went on comments of people berating the other comments took over? I love how the number of comments berating the poor quality of other comments are outnumbering the actual poor-quality comments.
it fizzled out like every other movement. What ever happened to GamerGate?
"Thanks! cl_righthand ""0"" cl_bob_lower_amt ""0"" cl_bobamt_lat ""0"" cl_bobamt_vert ""0"" cl_bobcycle ""0"" cl_viewmodel_shift_left_amt ""0"" cl_viewmodel_shift_right_amt ""0"" viewmodel_presetpos ""0"" viewmodel_fov ""68"" viewmodel_offset_x ""-1"" viewmodel_offset_y ""2"" viewmodel_offset_z ""-2"""
I still play defcon and darwinia. The entire Introversion catalog.
"*""fails to meet the standards of ABC News,""* **TIL** It's possible to fail to meet standards that don't exist. ABC News staged crime-scene shot, photograph shows"
"One of the Kings fans called him raccoon-eyes in the GDT last night and given his sunken eyes, I thought it fit. ""People keep giving me racoons..."" ahahahaha... Wait, is this a reference to something? Not enough coffee..."
"The last of us and bastion. 58 and just bought a PS4. Where to start? My uncle (58) and I have always connected over our love of movies. He lives 10 hours away, and has just gone through 3 tragedies where both of his parents and his closest friend just passed away. Having lost everyone close to him, I've just convinced him to buy a PS4 so that we can hang out and have some fun. He's never played ANY video games before, so I'm trying to figure out how to ease him into it. He bought the Uncharted 4 bundle, but I'm thinking of starting him out with Until Dawn (heavy story, easy gameplay) and possibly Driveclub. Diablo 3 might be next, since it's multiplayer and easy to jump in to. Any other suggestions?"
I thought I would be dating by now or have dated by now. In what ways is your life not going as planned?
"Seth proposed a new category for this glitch, 0% because he actually doesn't need to complete a single level to get to the end credits. Is that why it's called any%?"
"Why don't they just save everybody's time and just ask ""has a man ever hurt your feelings?"" Have you ever been brutally raped or picked your nose?"
Panik 99 For the Hawks: Ladd (85)- Toews (89) - Hossa (85) Panarin (87) Anisimov (86) - Kane (93) Weise (82) - Kruger (84) -Teravainen (82) Desjardins (81) -Shaw (83) -Fleichmann (82) Keith (92) - Seabrook (88) Hjammer (87)- TVR (82) Rozi (79) - Rundbad (79) Crawford (90) Darls (83)
If there's metal bending and plant bending there can be wood bending Is there woodbending?
Dota and Warcraft are rip offs of pong League is a ripoff from DotA and Warcraft
Maine coon bread? Apparently my majestic fur lump is a majestic fur loaf
Huehuehue Better than the LG G3 which defaults to text to speech and you need to complete activation before you can stop it but you can't get through activation because text to speech makes it take 10x as long. I'm usually a very mellow person but I was ready to throw the phone against a wall.
oh yeah As opposed to masturbating someone else?
"Uneducated about..what? It's not just bitching, it's uneducated bitching and that's even worse."
"Oh I may use this If you find yourself with weed but no bowl find yourself a soda can, crush one side down, poke some holes in the crushed area, light and toke away."
Its a bit more complicated than that article describes but thats the basic idea. TIL the origins of Seventh Day Adventists.
"Because his claim should be a link to a picture of said ass, this is a subreddit driven by empirical evidence. Who the hell is downvoting truth?!?"
Bill Of Materials *bom
This really happened back in the day... you are the man.
"Damn that tower to babel story. I like the branding of the Kerbals quest for space as having almost religious significance. It explains why they're willing to throw so many resources at space flight, and why they seemingly have disregarded other technologies in it's pursuit - the Kerbal X is, to them, like the Sistine Chapel to the Catholics. Each rocket launch is another pyramid, and each lost Kerbal is a sacrifice upon an altar of Kerosene and Liquid Oxygen. It's what would have happened if human theologians had taken the idea of ""getting to heaven"" literally."
Drudog13 310 hunter lf1m for KF golgoroth cp Add psn Battlelust
My grandmother What's something that's surprisingly over 100 years old?
How much longer til Mertesacker is back? Mustafi out at least 21 days
"rekt He's a pathetic, lowly Gold Nova 2."
"African cup of nations takes players away for a while Out of interest, why none African?"
"I tried to play it. Sorry for the potato quality, my friend took a screen capture of a video he took as he didn't have a proper photo yet. Basically, my friend rented out his condo for awhile, and recently the tenant stopped paying rent and moved out. When he visited to survey the suite, he found some weird stuff, including this spray-painted on to a wall (though technically it was a wall the tenant installed, but that's a story for another subreddit). The symbol seems really familiar to both of us but we can't place it. It may also just be completely random, or maybe a band symbol or something?"
Do you know where you are? Any hotline miami fans here?
"Instead of making them memorize the periodic table, have them do an extended investigation into the uses of a particular element. Need some ideas for chemistry challenges for high school students! I'm teaching high school chemistry this year, and I wanted to come up with a few challenges for the students they would do outside of class and could win a small prize (such as a starbucks gift card... we have a small number of students!) and would help them learn more about chemistry outside the realm of the book. So far I have --- memorizing the periodic table --- conducting an experiment independently (Think science fair!) with a hypothesis and a scientific style write up --- Take a concept in daily life (such as the Li battery overheating issue) and learn about what is happening, propose a solution -- Go to our local science museum and find a topic they are interested in learning more about (within reason) try to find someone who works on that project and interview them about their path to being a scientist and their research (we live in a community with a national lab so this is feasible awesomely enough!) Any other good thoughts!? Come on Chemistry redditers, I'm sure there's some good options out there."
Ohhh... GURP GORK! Gurp gork.
I'm inspired to team flash A positive outlook on teamflashing
"I think they mean ""undo the pardon"". by 'reverse' do they mean, recuse?"
"Very. I don't know, how fucking cool is that?"
Price of freedom in the united states of nannystralia. Pay the fucking fine.
What does the ring do exactly? And that ring is Flashes ring. Flash from the justice league timelines also.
This is becoming nuts Amateurs
You too. I'm trying to find out how what I said is taken so far from what I actually believe. I am a hick from Missouri who likes his guns man. Have a good day amigo...
"I've never had an APU, so I can't judge But surely an APU is so weak that even an AMD CPU won't bottleneck it?"
"Keep telling yourself that sneaky. upfront about what? i said what i had to say. the truth will always strike a nerve with some people. the devil has already lost, and those that love him and do his will, will hate everything i have to say."
"That is one brilliant title. For some, probably necessary."
"So, it could be worse? In light of the Rangers struggling... The Athletics are the worst team in baseball!"
Fouts is *way* worse than Simms. Fouts is low key just as bad as Simms
"How can you classify Skream and Nero as indie? I don't know how indie some of these are but: Scuba, Skream, Starkey, High Rankin, Eskmo, Mt. Kimbie, Zomby, Jack Beats, Nero, Mistabishi, Burial, Borgore and it's a little more toward the d&amp;b/new rave/jungle side but the new danny byrd album, rave digger has been blowing my mind. and I second doorly, his remix of Blau! is ridic"
I've also read they're using different characters I'm pretty sure they're making a live action reboot on Netflix. I'm really excited
"The problem with ESEA is that the client runs all the time with no control to the user I'd be happy for them to make it invasive. I trust them, I don't trust ESEA."
I feel like sm4sh is to Brawl what Melee was to the original. Ya brawl was very slow in comparison but how do you like smash 4?
Yeah but that's no fun to say like flamethrower throws flames?
"Non, VOUS ETES le mass extinction. Isn't it more like nous sommes mass extinction, tho?"
"Opera is open-source, AFAIK, and their reputation would be severely damaged by using a ""dirty"" VPN. Is Opera's Free VPN safe to use? I want to browse without ads and securely at work and in school. I know some companies like Hola, steal your information, and can even make the host into a botnet for DDoS. Is this the case with Opera's? They are a well known company, so I wouldn't imagine that would be the case."
"Sooooo, where's the logical defense FOR trigger warnings? Comment(s)? One comment against TWs was deleted and one comment for TWs was deleted. Both were deleted for violating the rule to be civil. I think this is the third thread in the past day to have a long discussion about trigger warnings. Don't worry- the anti-TW crowd has had *plenty* of chances to defend their stance. None were able to provide any sources or logical reasoning... but that's hardly the fault of the mods."
eyy bb u wan sum fuk? do other people fantasize about having sex with me?
"Love your flair, I've been out of the loop for the past 5 episodes but I just finished all of them... and I gotta day.. damn, I don't like Paulie. Victor is a *really* good fucking actor. Paulie has no clue."
Crowell T. Mason @ S.D. or I. Crowell @ ATL. Im rolling with R. Mathews and C.J. Anderson in a .5 ppr...
ass he*
"Yeah, I'm sure Coloradans losing their jobs are thrilled. Good riddance!"
"Seconding this, I have a friend with an emotional support dog in uni housing. Get a note from your doctor that your pet is an ""emotional support animal"". Columbia doesn't want a lawsuit from you over this and will definitely let you keep the pet if the pet suddenly becomes an ""emotional support animal"". In general, if you have a cat no one will really know though because the cat never leaves."
"Yeah I wish Laine was talked about more in this sub I'm seeing very few Laine posts, I think you're all in for a treat."
"I might personally find it crass and rather tasteless, but they should be free to print what they like. Has Charlie Hebdo gone too far with this cartoon?"
Eh? TRL?
I was expecting a plane with a big bucket... Capturing falling meteors from a plane
"This roundabout has almost as many roundabouts as Lancaster (~6). ""The Mecca of Roundabout Spotting"" - Swindon"
Congrats you were the first to report this! Razer CEO response to PCMR.
I feel that he's letting hilary win on purpose... Trump: Obama 'founded ISIS'
"I read Good Omens by Neil Gaiman &amp; Terry Pratchett recently and it was pretty great. I've been on a huge reading kick lately, any recommendations? The last 3 books I read were *Norwegian Wood* by Haruki Murakami, *Stardust* by Neil Gaiman and *The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao* by Junot Diaz."
"Good god, I don't want to kill them. Go the extra mile. Use old creosote fill railroad ties. Just be upwind."
"That's pretty crazy that LeBron only has 300 less three's than JR. More about the shooting Cavs: Their roster made 8476 career 3s combined (regular season). In perspective, the Memphis Grizzlies made 8472 3s since 1995-96. Player | 3s ---|--- J.R. Smith | 1679 Lebron James | 1343 Mo Williams | 1094 Richard Jefferson | 978 Channing Frye | 841 James Jones | 745 Kevin Love | 742 Kyrie Irving | 546 Iman Shumpert | 285 Matthew Dellavedova | 223 **Total** | **8476** I didn't take in account the few players who just made a few of them."
Are you me? I don't drink alcohol because it's destroying the life of someone I know.
"Didn't say MODOK did bad damage, lol. MODOK's headbutt actually do a lot of damage if you corner an enemy. If not you only hit like 3 times. But sadly its not mind damage."
*wooooosh* that is plural spelling of potato
"I'd throw in MSL but Fallen still has the edge imo. he's definitely the best IGL, even tho they have no coach he manage to lead the team and always finishing at good position on tournaments. And i can't think about anyone with a leadership like his right now"
"Whenever my bike is staring at me while I eat, I feel like I should offer it a bite. The best kind of spring time lunch"
It can only be an improvement. I'm in La on stocks and the roads here and my back are jacked. I want the look of solid struts but something like yours is probably best.
If Sonic Generations taught us anything it's that Sonic was so much less likeable when he became an obnoxious American teenager. I'd play it if I could duct tape his mouth shut.
after their msi performance i think most people knew they were just really good^ before that what you said applied ya Mostly but many people were still unsure if FNCs succes was due to them being really good or the rest of EU just being bad
"why would you go all the way to Paris and then purposely buy such terrible food? Just spent $45 there last Friday buying 2 sandwiches, 2 potato chips, 1 pasta salad cup, 1 water and 1 Diet Coke. It was definitely not worth it in any sense."
"That's hilarious - how do you respond to that sort of passive-aggression? My co-worker is half-black. She constantly berates white people for anything. Recently we were getting a ride to our cars after our shift. I sat in the back of the golf cart and she said ""Yeah sit in the back and see what it feels like"". I was so confused because she's only 36 years old and spent most of her life on a military base in Germany."
"I honestly think Nintendo underestimated the demand for the NES classic. ""Hey guys you want this product?"" ""Ya"" ""Too bad eat shit"" -Nintendo pats self on back"
I got an extra vol 11 Finally joined the club (Volumes 1-4 in the mail!)
"6.666 years, its August dude! it hasn't been the noughties for 6.5 years"
"Even more interesting is how so many supposed tier 1 players manage to place last at nearly every lan for months :) Depends on how you view it, sean could be a shotcaller for a t1 team if they put proper firepower around him. Shroud can function on a t1 team if you have him as like the 4th/3rd best player on the team. Ska I'd say has proven himself to be a superstar at his peak so I think you're quite an interesting guy with interesting opinions :)"
Here's hoping that ISIS never shows up to blow it all to shit. The ruins of a Roman colony in Africa.
"I actually see mostly Schindler's elevators. TIL Statistically, Otis is the world's most popular transportation company. It is estimated that the equivalent of the world's population travel in Otis elevators, escalators and moving walkways every three days."
"LIAR Well, to be fair, that wasn't a loop. I thought it was too at first, but if you keep watching he eventually falls down."
Well aren't you cute! Hello
"oh good The president of Huracan just spoke, said Toranzo didnt suffer any amputation, just a cut."
tonight is episode 1. Is this already out?
"Eh, he could have gone with pre-processing directives or stuff like include, import, using, in, out, etc. I felt like you were reaching when you started resorting to assembly opcodes toward the bottom. How about going with mapcar and variations on that. That should top off your list."
"Probably a requirement, but why wouldn't they? Uh, why are they wearing what I can only assume are Kevlar vests at a fair...?"
"Ya, a longer delay between each suit would be better I like the gif of it, but it sucks not being able to get a long detailed look at the individual suits."
"I see nothing wrong with using a short tether, especially as an aid to potty training. Is it cruel to tether dog in the same room I'm in? Hey Guys, I haven't started doing this yet because I've read so many mixed reviews (just like everything on dog training it appears) on tethering. My question is that I work from home, and I would like to tether my dog to my desk in my office. It would be to a single pole-like object where he could not trap himself or get into harm and also I'll be sitting next to him all day. However I don't know if its cruel to allow him to be near me but not have the freedom to jump around and whatnot? Any help or ideas on this would be very appreciated. I'd really like to start getting him to let me know when he needs to go outside. If he is in his crate he won't go there because of the food/water that he has in there but any time he is not in the crate it is up to me to get him to go outside as he will never let me know. Any thoughts on how I could use this to help him let me know when he must go out would also be amazing. Info: pitbull mutt, 9weeks old. We're doing crate training but the crate is not in my office."
"I'm pretty sure people who are scared shitless say this because fucking lightening just struck the fucking ground holy shit. ""Relax - lightning never strikes twice in the same place."" Actually, it does."
~~John Kerry~~ **Lurch** Thinks Bush Rigged The 2004 Election John Kerry Thinks Bush Rigged The 2004 Election
"Pro-tip: if any spices start to lose potency, just use more of it! I would be worried about the heat from the fridg causing the spices in the back to deteriorate pretty quickly. Spices are usually only good for 6-12 weeks after being ground, herbs less, heat shortens that significantly That said, love the idea and you did a great job, I might have located it somewhere else."
"It does. I don't know, but it should."
"Dale Carnegie is that you? If we are the smarter people, we must also challenge ourselves to be the more tactful, more patient people. We must start being mindful of when we call people out for a feeling of superiority rather than intellectual soundness. Correcting people outright, even when they're wrong, will almost always meet with resentment and hostility."
"Hmmm... Maybe it's because you're coming off as a pretentious asshole? That's fine, I don't understand the down votes for having a different opinion.."
How? Mark it solved!
"If it makes you feel any better, my NCG this year is a rematch with you guys ;-) I consistently put Wisconsin in the Final Four because I always say ""This is their year, the year they finally make it to the Final Four"" So not 1 bad decision, more like 7 years of bad decisions. Hopefully this year is different..."
"U rekt et I have proof Doublelift dug it, but I wont say, because I'm the better man."
Like a well oiled fuck machine. How would a starting lineup of Kyrie/wiggins/Lebron/Bennett/Varejao work? I think it would be deadly. Tons of athleticism and really good passing. Their fast break would be insane.
A rare look into the corgi factory. 3-week old Corgis
"The purple shirt guy has an expression that says ""I fucked up."" ""The opposite of purple guy. This dude looks like he probably peed a little when Wade came his way."""
"I get that Wall Street is experienced in making predictions, but this seems like something that should be setting off alarms for people. Wall St is pretty certain who will be president"
"200 for quas, i mean in dota 2 early days al played online tournaments from australia on euw. There is a difference Quas played with 130 ping, this guy will probably get 190/180 from Chile."
"Dude has a great sense of style. This young man sits on the side of Empire Road in South Africa and instead of begging he provides book reviews. He collects all these books, reads each of them, and provides reviews for people passing by. If you like the review, he will try to sell you the book. This is how he makes a living."
"They're also practical for having fun. Yup. I wouldn't buy a ratatat gat even if I could afford the price and didn't have to wait months for approval. That's a lie. I totally would. They're cool as hell, just impractical for anything but making people kiss dirt."
"It isn't cold where you live, is it? You do to have a good time."
"If you know someone that does, let me know! My god they're adorbable. Wish I could take them"
So they would not bang on hard brake. Why would you want valves facing rear?
Try a tablespoon on a peanut better and jelly sandwich! Also curious about this! &lt;3
Cat. Cat.
"I think women choose careers where there is a range of right options (like Fashion, or how to deal with some drug addicted person) rather than careers which only have one right option (like how to distribute the weight load of a building and it's contents) because it is easier to pick a possibly right option than have to pick the only right option. norweigian women choose more people oriented careers, and men choose more mechanical and science ones."
THE GUY WHO UPSET NICK DIAZ 'S POSTER BOY FOR HIS FIRST WAR MMA EVENT. WHO IS JUSTIN BAESMAN?!
It was the only strategy they had **cached** When you show your strategy on warmup
"To be honest, I don't know if there's a single player who doesn't get shit on except maybe Mikel from the first team. Are you guys not reading the threads? Oscar get shit on all the time, Hazard and Fabregas were accused of mutiny, Pedro is criticized. The only people who really escape criticism are Willian and Costa (only because they've been playing well recently, in the past they were shit on as well)"
"LOL wtf It is fucking stupid to compare KG to MJ...surely you see this. I know fuck all about these advanced metrics, I don't watch basketball"
"Yeah roulette is cool when you're winning, but the game itself is soooo boring, you're literally watching a ball go around in a circle Yea it's fun losing $300 in 15 minutes :P I used to play roulette because I thought it was fun then I found black jack :)"
"I don't want to scour it to avoid spoilers, are there any hidden Ego codes? Defiance - Season 3 Teaser"
"When people strongly agree with Sweden being fascist I don't think they withhold an up-vote if they disagree with the Sweden being feminist part. *Hell, today on the Wikileaks rape thread, somebody called Sweden (the socialist state we all normally jack ourselves off to) a facist feminist country, and at the time I checked, **had several upvotes.*** It really doesn't help that you get upset over a few votes by anonymous strangers. It also doesn't help when the mainstream feminist movement stands idly by (for the most part) while the nuts go fucking crazy. Don't want the extremists to define your movement? Then you need to start publicly fighting them as well."
They didnt build a mountain around it; the boat was moved inside after :D Vanilla dead mines got me hooked on the game as soon as I saw the boat in the cave. That ship was monstrous and I thought it was super cool that they build a massive cave around it. Also liked MC for a similar reason
"No its literally just a recording of a yodeling pickel found in a gag gift store in Seattle. The only thing I don't like about ""The Fall"" I actually really like this album, it's powerful to me in ways I can't explain, but there is one thing that has bugged me a little since I first heard it. I know how each song is based on a place in America or Canada, which is great, and my favourite track is probably The Parish of Space Dust, which is based on Houston. But the last track in the album was the one that disappointed me. Seattle holds a special place in my heart and is my favourite city in america, but the song is simply ""Seattle Yodel"". I'm honestly not sure what meaning this song has in the context of the album and just in general. I'm pretty sure it was made with a yodelling pickle? I might be completely misinterpreting it, but I just found this song to be a disappointing end to the album. I'd love to hear other people's thoughts on the track though! Perhaps it will change my mind."
"The way things are going you should be alarmed, they might shoot you. There have been a lot of break-ins in and around my neighborhood."
"It's this sentiment that keeps reviewers beholden to game devs giving them early access, which only happens when they write positive reviews. What's with this guy posting really late reviews?"
I come from the future to tell you that you're wrong. We might only lose by 7 now
"Name me a single country that ever benefited from ""friendship"" with Russia. There will be a Russian naval and air base in Greece within 5 years. You can quote me on that."
"Stay Together for the Kids - Blink 182 Reddit, what is your favorite dysfunctional mom/dad/family song?"
"Ah, but Hillary won the under 100 demographic by over 3 million votes, so there's that. So let's take my statement. ""Everything under 40-ish"" is inclusive, so what do your polls say about 18-44? * **NY Sanders, 55 to 45** by 5 points * TX Clinton, 50 to 49 by 1 point * FL Clinton 51 to 48 by 3 points * **PA Sanders 63 to 37** by 26 points * **VA Sanders 53 to 46** by 6 points * **MI Sanders 65 to 32** by 33 points * **OH Sanders 65 to 34** by 31 points * GA Clinton 58 to 42 by 16 points * **MD Sanders 52 to 46** by 6 points In these 9 states (you cherry picked as states Clinton won) Hillary only wins 3 of them in the demographic 18-44, and then only by an average margin of about ~7 points. Sanders won twice as many for an average margin of ~17 points. In other words, even when Clinton wins, she loses this demographic on average by huge margins. Should we include VT? NH? or any of the states Sanders won?"
"But she already has a girlfriend. Wow. Okay, I think he and the spork girl should totally date. They're like the perfect couple."
I'm sure we'll be disapointed because there won't be new content today Hype
a complete class was heading to college and all but one died on the way What the hell are you trying to say
"I have to think that even if they were different compounds, it would be very difficult to be able to tell just by feeling them. Pirelli Tyre Keyrings Not sure if this is a good place to ask but does anyone know if the Pirelli Tyre Keyrings on the formula 1 shop all have different rubber depending on the sidewall color kind of like the real tyres or are they all just the same and the color is just for looks"
"Unless everyone else is doing the same thing, of course... :P I would hang onto them until Darkmoon Faire rolls through."
Worryingly sometimes you can't tell around here :-) I was playing along with it. How are they going to exclude mountain bikes?
"Dear u/Humpty-Numpty, you have been banned from r/news for inciting hatred. The only thing more pathetic than the actions of this Muslim killer are the filth trying to defend Islam and Muslims in this thread. If you took away all the 'terrorist' attacks committed by Muslims and just focused on how Muslims treat people in their own countries (especially non Muslims) - you would still have groups of violent, intolerant, backwards, inbred, primitive lowlifes who can't get on with anyone who doesn't think the same way they do. EVERY SINGLE Muslim country in the world without exception officially ranks badly in all the country ranking charts for all the things that are important - like quality of life, education, treatment of women and minorities (like homos), freedom of speech, freedom of religion and so on. 'I'm an intelligent, freedom-loving, tolerant, open-minded, democratic, non religious person who speaks my mind so for the best life possible, I think I'm going to move to a Muslim country'... said no one ever. Islam is a cancer on the modern world but it can't exist without Muslims who make it a real thing. Stop appeasing Muslims / Islam and start dealing with the problems they cause."
I second this motion I would like to know what happened. Sweet. Can I ask how they ripped you off? Must have been bad.
Being surrounded by Pecker (Green Bay Packers) fans. What is your definition of a living hell?
"Yes, you're a real class act. I am finishing a CS degree in one of the best European Universities (if not the best when it comes to CS). And blizzard is know for having shitty coding practices (e.g. the graveyard that shouldn't exist or interact in any way with the board but does, NOT to mention they never care enough about fixing it due to fanboys like you)."
"I'd make a pun, but I don't want to faucet I piss in the sink"
"Ralph Wiggum, you simple little bugger, I choo choo choose you. Who is the best secondary Simpsons character?"
"Sadly, that doesn't mean that you're safe. Thankfully never had a migraine so I should be safe!"
Honestly asking: Is detecting sarcasm always this difficult for you? Cause the baby chose to be there and put the mother's life at risk. Makes sense.
"""They're eating each other out there!"" Let's hope optional; I lose enough Kerbals to, er, ""anomalies."" I don't need them dying because I forgot they were in orbit :)"
"How is that at all related to having sympathy or empathy for other people? But maybe once you get into this mode of understanding causes, morality just seems like a dumb thing to do and all the values fall away and suddenly you're a nihilist."
prove it nah
How do you like the 4 leaf clover I've tried to get my hands on one but they are just so rare to come by 28/M/CT Work-From-Home Call Center Rep
"60fps with 970 on Black Ops 3... You sure you are not locked ;? Personal Battlestation. Nothing too fancy, but it works."
"Muai-Tai Lee Sin its just so awsome Which skin is your best purchase so far ? title, which skin that you bought was worth every riot point ? and why ? :)"
Yes! Pramila Jayapal will be the first Indian woman in the House!
What's a person being black have to do with it? lul cant handle 250 lb black dude lul
"I like the heavy tank more. ""Kissless Virgin"", a term that incels/trucel/wizard types occasionally call themselves to categorise themselves as more socially-awkward than just being a virgin - depending on context it'd be either a badge of pride or an insult. It's also the name of the board on 8chan that the incel types use (or one of them, there's several)"
Female monarch leader Age group that has preferences within the past
"i thought satchels were. i feel like im cheating when i use my load out with 3 of them, but i still do. sometimes when i use the shock rocks card ill just stand in an out of the way place and throw them in random directions. it usually doesnt take long to get a pilot kill. imo they are the smart pistol of grenades."
"dude our eyes are ""opened"" we're just powerless to do anything short of a civil war and im really not that committed If your opinion reflects that of the majority of Americans your country is doomed to be the shortest lived hegemony in human history. I pray that one day your eyes will be opened to the deceit that has embroiled you."
I am TRIGGERED I am concerned
He'll rebel against his old man and be the biggest bluepiller you can imagine. well said mate well said. I intend teaching my son about the red pill from an early age.
Go ask the backers of this game that made this game possible if it's okay with them. Okay by me
"CanadianNorth 73whatever as well haha The AC Jazz Q4 gives it away, huh?"
"Five years later... You've won a lifetime of diabeetus Kid licks his elbow on national TV, wins 5 years of Snapple"
You look amazing. My first pair.
local community seems to prefer Bud Light While undoubtedly google is a great tool for learning things it doesnt really help with having conversations with people and its much more pleasant to hear what the local community has to say about it. But thank you anyways
"#THAT'S WHAT SPEED DO, BAE! Game 27: Chicago Cubs (13-12) @ St. Louis Cardinals (20-6) **Cardinals Lineup** 1) Bourjos, CF .318 2) Carpenter, 3B .346 3) Holliday, LF .345 4) Reynolds, 1B .231 5) Peralta, SS .303 6) Molina, C .244 7) Heyward, RF .224 8) Kozma, 2B .188 9) Lynn, P 3.07 ERA **Cubs Lineup** 1) Fowler, CF .255 2) Coghlan, LF .211 3) Rizzo, 1B .333 4) Bryant, 3B .283 5) Soler, RF .265 6) Castro, SS .298 7) Ross, C .188 8) Lester, P 4.71 ERA 9) Russell, 2B .261"
"I just bring a box of boosters and open one whenever it gets to me. ""So, ah, are we just not gonna talk about the Grand Prix smell...?"""
"He was a snow elf No but I have killed hundreds of guards and toppled an army and destroyed an anicent coven of killers oh and saved the world from an angry god, and a deulisonal high elf that thought he was a god."
SPACE GAY
"Sounds like Battle Isle. Please help me remember an old DOS game... This is my first post here, and I realize the futility of this but I cannot remember for the life of me. What I remember: It was an old turn based game, usually red or blue teams and you had a collection of tanks and such. Futuristic setting. When you decided to attack the game would go into a cut scene where it would show polygon like tanks (or whatever unit) blowing up. I remember each mission would have a certain scenario that you would complete. I know this isn't a lot to go on but I really would appreciate any help. Thanks in advance!"
"If you sit around waiting for anything to be 100% proven, ever, you're going to be waiting for a long, long time. Again empirical evidence can only determine the usefulness or the apparent likelihood of a statement being true, it cannot determine if that statement is or is not true. Usefullness and Truth are not synonymous with one another."
"They came first, sort of like a beta... well-intentioned but lots of flaws Then Instinct is like release day, not bad but nobody wants to play it because the servers are short circuiting Valor is the stable release, the 1.0 the previous versions strove for but couldn't achieve Further confirming team mystic \#1"
If that happens he become an instant martyr. The fear isn't that he wouldn't stand trial... is that he would be dead before he got to take the stand.
"A lot of commenters also think it is heaven on earth because reddit As a Finn, I think this is the case. A lot of the commenters in this thread seem to think that Finland is notably conservative or something, but I think it's really just that people don't mind too much. I don't think social activism in general is very native to our culture."
Damn you and your developers edition. I have 5.1.1 on my Note 3. Try flashing some other rom. I'm currently using CM 12.1
Trade verified! Please pm me. I'll take it
"LMFAO No shh shh no! You're not a filthy gamer. That would imply all sorts of nasty things and would mean you have are male. Until games employ feminism perfectly in every aspect, never showing anything bad towards a woman ever and are perfectly adapted to the lower skills of women, you're not a gamer but simply a tricked proud woman of color."
is this more proof that Democrat and Republican are interchangeable terms? Obama Administration gives approval to Shell to Drill in Arctic Ocean
Or he feels like a monster....perhaps? Maybe he's trying to say he wants to fry up the dead babies in a skillet?
"best story ever. Not during the actual gig, but during the rehearsal. Hope y'all don't mind. So I didn't have a good sleep the night before, and during dinner before the rehearsal my friends decided to have vegetarian cuisine for dinner, food that I'm not really used to having. I don't know it this is connected to what will happen next, but it probably is. Basically my body was experiencing a tired-but-not-sleepy feeling,my mind was a little hazy, and I had a practice that night. Felt very mild discomfort in my stomach but I brushed it off. We started practising the first song. As we were playing, my stomach felt more and more uncomfortable. The music was getting a little droney, I was fumbling my lines, and then a brilliant idea came into my head: I should let off a fart to release the mild discomfort I'm experiencing now, and then I'll play better. No one is going to hear it anyway with all the music. You know the age-old proverb, ""When you gamble on a fart, nobody wins""? It was this rehearsal where I learned its true meaning. Almost as instantaneously as I sharted, a dank whiff filled the stage area. My underwear felt uncomfortably heavy and moist. My stomach grumbled even more. I soon saw a slight confused grimace on my bassist's face. It then dawned on me what sin I have committed. I soon excused myself from the band mid-song and rushed down to the toilet. Safe to say, my underwear was ruined. Luckily it was a relatively light shart, none of my excrement seeped through the underwear or spilled outside to touch my pants (or so I hoped). I cleared what's left in the bowels (it was *the* smelliest dump I ever took, a weird aromatic mixture of spices and whatever black magic vegetarian chefs use in their trade), disposed my underwear, put my pants back on and went commando. As I returned to my band, the singer asked if everything was okay. I told him yeah, I've just had a mild (read: massive) stomachache to handle. He nodded and said, ""yeah, we noticed a fart smell earlier in the song"". I played it cool. Yep, it was just a fart. Nothing worse than that. ^^^They ^^^probably ^^^knew. Luckily this didn't happen during an actual live performance. It's still a little embarrassing for me to recount though"
Oh. South Carolina.
It doesn't have to be Executing people is super expensive.
"Yeah I would certainly tilt If I was 9 rounds down lol. absolutely i have no idea how they could still be so psychologically strong. when im down 5 rounds i start getting sloppy, imagine playing after that first half. truly amazing play from fnatic with the addition of navi's crumbling strats on t side"
M'istweaver I want a decent looking full body leather armor set that isn't all bright and colourfull. Like a trench coat sort of thing for my Brewmaster.
What's on my right? ew... your right.
"That's really bad logic. If general consensus isn't reliable, nothing is."
"Doesn't attack take at least 5 minutes on Anubis? Based on where the golds are, I'd say they were on attack and nobody even got that far."
"South-East at the moment. Unfortunately, a great number of graduates with good degrees are unemployable these days because experienced people are also looking for jobs and in hard times willing to go entry-level. Most of the experienced people also have degrees from a time when standards were (rightly or wrongly) perceived to be higher. A lot of it is (I think) a byproduct of the 'Everyone must have a degree of some sort' politics that this country has suffered with for quite some time. I'm fortunate enough to be slightly older and in good, stable employment, but I do get annoyed when people claim that their 'degree' in TV studies is as valuable as as a science degree or similar... Where are you geographically, out of interest?"
Pretty sure they were being sarcastic. sanders is a social democrat
"""Record me, I want it to be worth it"" Storm Chasers get caught in wind driven hail, shelter Antelope Calf"
"Now may be the first time I ever hoped a cop's dashcam video was off. NYC: Drunk Officer Was Found Without His Pants On Outside School- 'parents say they saw the 35-year-old cop just steps from the front door of the school where he was passed out drunk in his car with his head covered by his jacket, his pants off, and his penis exposed'"
I'll definitely be trying this Arby's is coming out with a deer sandwich. I'm not sure how I feel about a chain making deer sandwiches.
"My friends and I *WERE* going for world firsts, their going to still go for them, I'm not gonna ask them to put off their fun because ubisoft is a bunch of liars. Ask your friends to wait for you."
"Technically you can do it with normal grenades too, it's just more difficult. Wiki says there's a copy in the guardhouse on Lady Boyle's Last Party. Aha! This is awesome for people attempting a Batman run. It might actually be possible to climb the waterlock without Blink using these, although the Blink at the beginning of The Flooded District is still mandatory."
"We'll lay off the ""surrendering French"" jokes when you lay off the ""fat, lazy American"" jokes. Do Americans still find this shit funny?"
Oh sweet summer child... California here. We didn't have a winter either. And I love Winter.
"Hypedrive Charging... Elite Dangerous patch 2.2 - aliens, space stations &amp; more | Gamescom 2016"
You just described every state in the US. NC is like 3-4 large areas of majority 'liberal' minded islands surrounded by a sea of rural 'conservative.'
He just met with Kanye at Trump Tower actually lol I hope it's not Kanye.
"that makes no fucking sense America already had lots of cultures in it, until Americans arrived..."
"I caught Uncle Jobel's RCT2 stream earlier today, my first Vinesauce Stream live, and it was so much more hilarious than watching a YouTube video. Finally another Jobel brother"
"Well thats fucked up :( George W Bush. Karl Rove did a lot of push polling asking voters to the extent of ""Would you be more likely or less likely to vote for John McCain if you knew that he fathered an illegitimate black child?"". McCain had adopted a girl from a Bangladeshi orphanage. There were also similar rumors pushed that McCain's wife was a pill popper, and McCain himself was crazy when off camera from PTSD."
"Customer was clearly both. ""I'm sorry, I don't feel comfortable serving you because I can't tell if you're an idiot or an asshole,"""
"Not really, they killed the real socialists on the night of the long knives. Nazism is actually an extreme form of socialism. Hitler and his buddies did not believe that Marx went far enough. Nazis always declared themselves to be socialists, and they hated capitalism. Bernie is far closer to Hitler's views than Trump's."
"By being an idiot, it seems. how?"
Same crap happens with Griffin's and Jack's spikes sometimes when you try to place them. Big when feeding. Anyone else get a bug when feeding where it will begin animation but thwn cancel and you either have to spend like 10 seconds to eat it or just leave the food there?
When Victor Cruz is your 3rd option you know you have a sick receiving corps. I think we actually just found a viable 2nd option. Lord knows that Randle had so many opportunities to be that 2nd option but he never did it.
"I'm only guessing they'd blitz more because Carolina's o-line is more impressive than New England's. Why would Denver blitz against Carolina after having just shown they can dominate with a 3 man rush? People keep saying we can't stop that offense, I see how it would have to be done, I think: Talib on Olsen/Ginn, spy Newton with Brandon Marshall or Trev, keep contain on Cam, and play disciplined in the deep secondary all game."
"No problem, throwing out an idea apparently equates to nothing. Thanks for nothing."
"...right. Donate one emerald to a block of lava every day for a year. When your done, the lava will turn green (trust me)."
"Called it. Don't worry, you'll get out of this inning, Ike Davis is up."
"lol I did too Ok I read this too fast and saw ""Kail is all grown up guys. He's such a handsome little guy"" haha. But yes KAI is very cute :)"
"A good number starts with 4 and ends in 20. Am I though? Where is the line? What are ""good"" numbers and what are ""bad""?"
"Rednecks wish they could be put in the same profile as the crazy russians you see on the internet. Ive always thought Russia had a good amount of people who fit the ""Redneck"" profile?"
"But this will make you smile: - TedCruzForPrez - 429 subscribers - TedCruz - 1169 subscribers - Marco_Rubio - 664 subscribers As this great sub inches closer to 10,000 members, I thought you might like to see how support for the competition is doing."
"Better to have an utterly miserable partner than risk spending any time whatsoever alone! A mombie at work, after having her daughter, got pregnant again in the hopes of getting a son, because: ""You have to have one of each!"" I said: ""It's a child, not a fucking Pokemon!"" Another woman at work had a child to stop her boyfriend from leaving her. She never actually SAID that was why... but we all knew. Because the baby was given the boyfriend's surname, not hers... to make sure he knew damned well it was HIS kid and he'd better stick around to look after it. Poor bugger did and all."
I'm wouldnt be surprised if some of that money isn't being thrown at mutilating boys. Obama is giving 300 million to Africa to help fight HIV and AIDS but women only!
Don't let me make it. What simple cooking tip will instantly make a dish better?
It's hard to win as Anubis in conquest If that happens that will make smite Pay2win.
"no thank you, I appreciate the offer though I'll give my lime for 3 keys"
"Considering Denver got 14 points off interceptions, Broncos didn't beat us; we beat ourselves. I hate it, but who would have been happy if you knew we would be 2-1 after broncos falcons broncos?"
"It better not be! Apologies for all the posts lately people. I've just been doing a lot of arts, haha. This is the last post I swear!"
Were you a F2P when you did that or a scout main? Haha I have a lime gibus. Such a waste xD but I was f2p at the time so you know.
"The more I see these stupid characters the more it makes me not want to play this game. Hide away your clarinets, kids."
I couldnt make after one minute with this dudes voice cooking dat bachelor steak
Wiped out his dick and peed on you? Huh reminds me of what my friend did
"NSA, on your desk, on your lap, in your pocket, and now, on your walls. Google purchases Nest for $3.2 billion"
"Or keeps cloning the same few people/ person and seeing how different circumstances and variations of situations affect the development of the same brain to test nature vs nurture Ark ""Lore"" - the creators of the ARK? I dunno, I wanna see what you guys think about the possible lore behind the ARK(s consisting of the Island/ARK Prime, the Scorched Earth ARK) and the Center ARK) I personally think they were made by aliens that ""copied/cloned"" prehistoric creatures and abducted humans, to see how they would survive and adapt."
"Ti:Dr civati ha lasciato il pd, per ora le scissioni a sinistra non hanno portato bene Civati, ma dove vai?"
"There is more effective E in Primatine than Bronkaid, sulfate vs, HCL. ephedra. You can get bronkaid or primatene. Most take bronkaid bc one pill as 25 grams as opposed to 12.5 for primatene. I think Primatene is better, so I go with that."
"It is calorically dense, but doesn't consuming spoonfuls of oil cause diarrhea? I'm not that guy, but I'm guessing it's because olive oil (really all oils) is extremely calorically dense. Based on a quick google search, a tablespoon of it is 120 calories."
"i told my mom i got into platinum top 8-6 % in NA and she was surprised, but then told me to do more homework instead of playing my video games. Nah I didnt they prolly would not even pay attention to me .. they just think about other games and think lol is stupid"
Not confirmed. Wait for the season to start and it'll wipe it
"TIL that the only way someone can contribute something meaningful to society is through employment Last I checked, if you're disabled and can't produce for society, then all you are is a burden like every other jobless person. If you are disabled and have a job, then of course you aren't a burden. Though I find it hard to believe that when so many things are designed to be accessible for disabled people they can claim to be opposed at every turn."
"If you can swing the extra money, it should be more than worth it! Thanks for the advice. I see Alabama at Auburn tickets are on sales for $350 on stubhub. The other games are all around $150. Is it worth the extra $200?"
Or maybe no prior single meant people are still hype for the song rather than getting over th single in 2 months after the album release cause the single is 6 months old That's not really relevant to the discussion of how it's continuing to sell 9 months after release
Put some heavy stuff on the door shelves. My fridge door quickly swings open. How can I fix that? I'm assuming it's swinging open because the fridge isn't level. Are the fridge feed adjustable or can i prop something under them to fix it? Thanks!
"Force limit buildings. So, natives and newly founded colonies can build cheaply, rest got nerfed. I wonder why do they think I'm gonna build something in my overseas colonies with 75% autonomy."
"I want it pls Bandcamp code for 019 - Endeavour giveaway! Just comment if you want it, in ~24 hours^^hopefully I'll pick a random user and PM them with their new album. Lesgooooooo!!! I found three Monstercat logos, why did I only get one email?"
"These cameras need to be paired with legislation that strips the cops' status as cops if they are not wearing a recording device that is on. ""Colorado Springs police officers to begin wearing cameras in October"""
...but she could make you a chicken dinner. Chicken Shaming
EZ 360s! that isnt high sense its just not super low like most pros use its in no way high. In silver u have guys with these 10.000 dpi mice and 2 ingame sens.
"The only way Trump has a chance at getting this country to work together is if he unites Republicans and Democrats alike against him, which he is really doing an excellent job of so far. You seem upset about the fact that nobody cares about what your precious old white people in the Republican party think."
"attack =/= damage its not like the windows smashed, it was the tints. West Ham co-Chairman David Sullivan speaking to 5 live: ""It is depressing really, it will be a late night for our fans and some of them won't be able to stay. I don't understand why United couldn't get here at 4pm. They could have got here early. They knew it would be busy. It's crazy. ""There was congestion in the street and they couldn't get the coach in. There were people around the coach, but there was no attack on the coach. ""If you check the coach there won't be any damage to it. If we arrived late at Old Trafford they wouldn't put the kick-off back."" There definitely was an attack on the coach."
I wonder how many redditors will get your reference? And his brother Russell thought his name was Dammit!
"Use the search button. Unable to receive Hextech things after restriction So i recently had a 10 games chatrestrict. Whenever me or one of my premades get rank S, it says something like ""you are unable to receive hextech loot because of previous allegations"". From what i understood you could get hextech once your ban/restrict is over? Is it some bug or have i understood it all wrong?"
Can i wrap you up and put you under my tree? Lots of requests for a profile view. Hope I don't disappoint.
"Could be a reason to actually play huntress, and theres no reason the area could be like 2 tiles. IMO a trap would be worse, as it'd likely have a much larger AoE... We don't need huge patches of mobs armor broken :P"
o r
"Report unprofessional behavior Dealing with apathetic and/or lazy doctors and other members of the healthcare team. How do you deal with it? Excuse me while I step onto my soapbox. I was on this Friday-Sunday day shifts. One of my young patients, who also happens to be a nurse, has a new diagnosis of multiple myeloma. Friday morning she was up independently. She fell because of back pain on Friday, and since then has been basically bedridden. She is in so much pain, she can barely turn over in bed. She has gone from showering herself and doing all ADL's alone, to not being able to turn to one side. I phoned the doctor after the fall on Friday, they slightly increased her pain medications and quickly checked her vitals. The pain did not go away, she started to notice other symptoms, like not being able to taste her food anymore, and I noticed large lumps on her back which were not there before. She described her pain as a 20/10, and normally I wouldn't believe something like that, but I did this time. She was shaking and screaming with every slight movement. As if I was sawing her limbs off. I cannot even describe it. We have a paging system at work, and the doctors either call back or respond on their blackberries. Friday, I left multiple pages about her pain, and they responded ""Ok, will assess."" each time. Saturday, I paged multiple times, and they responded ""Ok, will assess."" each time. Finally after turning her to take off her *diaper* on Sunday, she was in so much pain that I decided to call their blackberry. The doctor was unimpressed that I was calling, and told me he responded to my page already (""Ok, will assess."") and that he was really busy. I then called the acute pain management team (which the doctor is supposed to be the one to call, but fuck it), and the doctor that answered that call was even ruder, and basically annoyed that I would bother her with something as ridiculous as a young woman in excruciating pain. The acute care management doctor got up to the unit and ignored my greeting. She visited the patient for about 5 minutes, then charted something, entered some orders, and left without discussing with me, and basically just told the unit doctor that she is not happy that she ""has to be involved now."" (Why the fuck bother with a pain management team if that is going to be your attitude.) The unit doctor then looked at the patient, he didn't talk to her as I later found out when I asked my patient about it, then came to me and told me ""She doesn't look bad. She looks like she's living through the pain."" Then went through the x-rays showing me that there aren't any fractures. (So..?) They changed the breakthrough order from 2mg dilauded q4h to 1mg dilauded q2h max 2mg q4h. What in the absolute fuck. Oh and they ordered an IV med for multiple myeloma patients, but ordered the wrong dose. Today, totally different doctor: My *very young* patient is diabetic. Her blood sugar was in the 30's by dinner, because there was no order for insulin all day. (For all of you American's, that is a very critically high blood sugar. Normal range is 4.5-6) I call the doctor (no paging system, bedspacer patient) and her response to me is ""She takes her own insulin."" I tell her no. She doesn't have her own insulin. And she tells me to get the patient over to the phone so she can talk to her. I tell her no, she can't come to the phone, she's too ill and in isolation, and her response is ""Well i'm too busy to come up and talk to her. I can't deal with this right now. Can you go ask her again."" I tell her that I just talked to her about it, she doesn't have her own insulin. She was on humalog at home, but doesn't remember how much she took. So what does the doctor do? She orders a Humulin sliding scale, for bedtime. Grandfuckingtastic. I am so sick of doctors telling me they are really busy and then not dealing with their patients. I'm not talking about ordering stool softeners here. It makes me sick. I can only advocate so much, and being treated like an idiot nurse gets to me after a while. Obviously I am charting my ass off to protect myself, but that isn't helping the patient in the meantime. So tell me. What do you guys do in these types of situations?"
"Have you ever thought of Grad School? Graduate high school, economy crumbling and no one hiring. Go to university. Graduate university, economy crumbling and no one hiring. Go to where?"
"...Goo... ""Doing it"" made me internally bob my head like Quagmire... *Heh, heh... Giggety...*"
"No, any. So, it is only to fool private trackers?"
"#NAME? If it's stuck, a little WD40 should work wonders to loosen it up. This is definitely a case where someone didn't keep their computer sufficiently lubricated."
"See, but the problem is that this game could be spectacular, but instead of listening to players or at least letting us know they're working on improvements, they're releasing updates that hurt the game more than they help it. The demand for more communication is bullshit. People online just tend to be unhappy with everything, no matter how much ""transparency"" is given. Look at companies that do put a lot more effort into communicating with players, like Blizzard. That doesn't pacify people, it just gives them more ammunition and things to freak out over. Why do people need in-advance details of everything a company is considering doing? The real reason people tend to call for more communication is cathartic, not practical - angry people want to feel like the company hears when they yell at them. So stop being entitled babies. This is a free game that's new and very neat. If you don't enjoy it, quit and go enjoy something else. Spending your time and mental energy stamping your feet everywhere like a toddler is not doing anyone any good."
Most weapons are projectile based tho. Every bullet weapon in tf2 is hitscan.
You missed hendo and allen according to what i see Yep and I've already removed those 83 surveys from my results spreadsheet :).
"To the top, burry the announcement post. Soft quarantine for @thedonaldreddit &amp; @reddit is acting like they're benevolent for not outright banning the sub."
"Damn, didn't think of it like that. Thank you! That quote of yours just made me think of something. When Phineas gives you the gold badge for playing for 500 hours, he jokes around by saying that you've effectively been playing for 21 straight days. If he can do that, I'm a bit sad that Isabelle never says anything to the same effect. (e.g. ""Congrats, Mr. Mayor! Today is the one-year anniversary of when you became mayor of this town!"")"
"Well, did you watch the entire video? Yeah these are just dumb awkward kids, but plenty of kids are dumb and awkward at that age. Get back to me when it's 30yo+ manchildren talking and acting this way."
"white would look great! Been teal for a while now, what color should I do next?"
"I know what you mean, I'm not the biggest drake fan and sometimes his rapping just seems lazy but his hooks are so catchy Drake probably. I don't even know why, sometimes his hooks sound forced, and maybe it's cause i'm in toronto but everyone always ends up loving it and they're so easy to sing along to"
Worst sex tape ever. White Stripes?
"You are now banned from r/conservative 10, The words ""Southern Strategy"""
"this girl at the 7-11 on 56th and pac Hey there, friend! My car died and my dog needs to get to the vet. I forgot my wallet at home and my keys are locked in my car. Would you spare some Reddit gold to help a brother out?"
"He is seeking downvotes, upvote this bastard. And you seem like you have a habit of being an asshole because someone gives context"
Yup Is her name Erica?
I'm almost afraid to ask but.. What is a s5 dks and how fucked are we? league players don't know about s5 dks yet it's coming. then you'll understand
#Common Sense Conservative TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016
Bale was 21 when he had THAT Champions league breakthrough though i guess it depends on who you'd rather have but IMO id rather have Bale at 21 At 21 Bale was a fraction of the player Lamela is tbh. I think Gareth's physical tools always gave him a chance of being world class but technically he was so far behind Lamela at the same age. Of course in the last few years Bale has exploded in terms of technique and consistency. Combined with the platform of his physical attributes it's somewhat difficult to see Lamela eclipsing him in terms of being a total player and a match winner. All I was saying is that at 21 Bale was not really close to where Lamela is. He was raw and extremely inconsistent. Some players develop at different ages. From 21 to 24 it's terrifying how drastic Bale improved in every aspect.
"How do they do the colors for stuff like this? Yep, especially pokemon fan art."
thanks Obama Today's going to be fun!!
That was thirty years ago... Point is that americans tend to not vote for people who are keen on the idea of releasing violent criminals. If any dem goes on a debate stage and starts talking about mass incarceration they will be crucified as mercilessly as dukakis was. The stories of career predators being let out to rape and kill innocent people are legion but all it will take is one. Bill knows this all too well.
"children of men comes to mind. I've been trying, since I commented above, to think of an example of such a blast in movies. There are a number of non-gasoline explosions in movies, such the depiction of a storefront or other urban location blowing up, blasting lots of dark debris into a thick cloud that isn't really smoke, just dust meant to be pulverized concrete and whatnot. I bet we'll see more of them as time goes on-- the Boston Marathon Bombing and the video thereof will inspire movies that'll be coming out in a year or two, and we'll see a lot of ground-level shakycam footage of urban chaos following blasts that were not fireballs, but rather blasts where the real damage can only be seen in the injuries and broken buildings."
"Mo' money, mo' opportunity to recruit talent unavailable to BYU, possibly mo' autonomy or program control. Maybe one of Bronco Mendenhall's kids is gay"
...and you're hooked on attention from strangers. My boy is hooked on Pavarotti
"aww, thanks. Funniest comment of the game so far though."
"It was Heroes Unlimited and they changed it from a Major to a minor power. Clock manipulation. Although seemingly useless, creative players can interpret it as being able to affect pacemakers and computers, because they use a time-based mechanism to function. I heard one game had this power, and changed it to a major power in a later edition."
In what way? What if this Greninja becomes the new cosplay pikachu?
Martavius Bryant. 10 Team Standard K. Stills @ Chi M. Bryant @ Atl M. Colston @ Chi J. Landry @ NE Pick One
"I made the switch to bourbon and never looked back. This is true. It makes me sad because Jack is my favorite, but we all have to sacrifice."
H Y P E T I M E B O Y Z Hyperdimension Neptunia U Coming to Steam March 21st!
"I cant stop laughing at this sub reddit holy shit And it's a beautiful thing. If that's your thing, of course."
"And I could see the fight that ensues, with both your peckers out, lol. To be fair I wish I was drunk because I probably would have!"
May I ask why you agree with him? It's awkward... I agree with him.
That certainly is a unique approach to graphic design Java &amp; Justice: Immigration Reform
"Keep in mind, there are also a lot of people banking on the public sale, so more buyers will flood the market too. Most likely. StubHub is one of the most legitimate resellers out there. They're probably real tickets. I would also suggest waiting until after the public sale to buy since prices may drop as more tickets flood the market. I sold a set in 2012 on stubhub and they were very thorough."
I don't think that I've ever seen a fennec fox sit still for so long on this sub. Kitty massaging a fox.
Next time I'll listen :-) I warned you
"Call support then. Correct. Disc A, B, and C were used in the original Ps4 and in the refurbed one sent to me and worked. They do not work in the new used ps4 I bought from gamestop. Discs D, E, and F were used in the original Ps4 before it broke, then stayed on the shelf while I used the refurbed one. Discs D, E, and F work on the new used ps4 from gamestop."
Any news on who is going to replace Dennis for Friday nights? Chris Judd joins the Triple M commentary team for the 2017 AFL season
Relevant username Everyone I know voted for Hillary. I had my girlfriend's husband take 20+ people to the polls today. Now I understand!!!
"1.Don't block the roads 2.Driving through a road blocking riot/protest/whatever might not be advisable 3.Don't attack or scare anyone behind the wheel of a 3,700 lb machine of death. RAW: Car Drives Through Protest in Minneapolis"
"First time we didn't know what character was coming since before Sm4sh U's release! August is in a couple more weeks, we'll probably hear more information early August on the August DLC patch. It feels weird, though, not knowing if any new characters are coming. This is the first time in almost a year we didn't know about a DLC character coming. I get why they didn't announce one at E3, though (three characters in one patch was huge enough)."
Already posted there buddy Glitching Queen found the new EE
"I'm guessing they mean piercings and other body mods Not sure what you're exactly referring to, but I don't think ""self mutilation"" is exactly accepted in most cases."
"Whoa where is my Persona 5 at number 1. 2 Vita games that must happen! I loved the original Gravity Rush for the PSVita and with the second Gravity Rush entry arriving soon I have no clue why they wouldn't port the game to the vita and support the device that the game originated on. Even if the game looks worse I still wouldn't mind because I've had a better experience with Gravity Rush on the Vita anyway, to me it's like playing the original Mario on a NES vs the Wii U emulator. We need Gravity Rush 2 on the Vita! 2nd game! Freedom wars 2! I freaking LOVED freedom wars 1. I'm not a fan of most jrpgs and I know that most people here loves the jrpgs like persona and others like it(that's the only one I remembered) but those JRPGs have never kept my interest and I thought it was just jrpgs that did that but that changed when I played freedom wars and since there may be a possibility of a freedom wars 2, why not bring that to the Vita! That's all I had to post about though.... #MakeVitaGreatAgain?"
Hours ago... So when can we expect to get access to this bypass? This seems amazing if it is true.
Sexy I once saw her drink her own piss
"I can't speak for you, only myself; but I would much rather buy marijuana through legal channels. stupid ... all tax and regulation is going to do is keep marihuana in the black market as people will just grow it in secret"
pff I didn't need my ears anyway. Huge ethanol explosion
left My apologies. Everyone spam reply what they want.
"I agree that the cop was condescending and likely wasn't justified to have drawn his gun. Did you even read the article? His ""behavior"" consisted of a lot more than just giving the man a ticket."
"I smoke a lot of weed and catch up on my torrents How do you spend Saturday night? I watched a movie about Alan Turing, and read some of a book on Statistical Analysis."
"Nichrome 100% (well... 80 if you catch my drift) Will keep ramp up times bearable Nichrome vs Kanthal for Big Builds? I wanna start trying some of the more complicated clapton coils (fused, staggered, staple) and I notice in a lot of the youtube videos the guys will use both N80 and A1. I've read up on the differences between Nichrome and Kanthal, but can anyone give some insight into why they choose different types of wire for the different parts of the coil?"
"There's a big difference between healthcare benefits for government employees and those in the private sector. If you didn't qualify for medicare or medicaid, yes, but employer-subsidized healthcare can be heavily subsidized for middle class private sector and government jobs. I wouldn't understate how fucked up the US system is and how inaccessible it is for a lot of people, but there is a misconception that lower income/non-wealthy people never have healthcare or always pay crazy high premiums. When I was making $24,000/year I was paying $30/month for excellent coverage because I worked for the government."
"no fun allowed. For some people on this sub, it's 100% serious."
lol CB Greg Toler signs with Redskins
"Politics. What profession are you most surprised is very ""fuck it, close enough""?"
"Oh yeah, as a Seattle vaper, I like to have three drugs in my system when I rebuild. Mmmmm, Coffee!"
"It's quite hilarious, I agree. I love how he keeps saying he is in a 'real fraternity' as if nobody else in the comments section is involved in greek life."
"""All I can do is Forest DDPAT"" -Valve can i have full centered diamond on slaughter gloves plz?"
"Whenever someone says that to me I think it is one of the most condescending and insulting things to be honest. I am an Atheist. Could being an Atheist be part of God's plan for me? People say that when a life is saved that it was part of gods plan. This is also used quite often when someone dies. Why can becoming an atheist not be part of his plan? I am not Here to debate, and I would appreciate if you didn't try to convert me. Thank you."
'Big disappointment' is a massive understatement Titanfall 2 Tech Test won't include PC
"Hip drive is inextricably linked to knee lift and consequently helps generating knee drive.. A tight core helps running, not the other way around. Very easy to run from your knees instead of your hips, and unless you have a decent core to start, you'll probably be doing it wrong. Running pretty much destroys lateral agility. It does improve concentration. Source: distance runner for years."
#ParticipationMedal #LastWinner They got their medal 2 days ago man. Now its #SLOWMEDAL
"those champs dont want the new rageblade tho the new rageblade isnt as great as the old one, its way to expensive and doesnt offer enough value for its crap buildpath and crappy stats without 6 stacks They're buffing the old sated junglers(Yi,Shyv,Noct) by giving them or buffing there ap ratios so they can utilize Rageblade more effectively. This is because Kindred is the only current jungler benefiting from the new jungle item. The rest are below 50% w/r."
The shit that creeps put people through is just so infuriating. Boobs or death
"Alex actually says ""I bring life and hope"" I always turn the sound up for Antonidas but that's just the music. The real most powerful entrances are the legendary dragons from Classic. I dream and the world trembles, you *dare* challenge the daughter of *Deathwing*, I bring life and death, that stuff. Plus most of them have that cool music."
"Would this still be true if time is an emergent property rather than a dimension? Yes, Time Travel Is Possible; Here's How"
Painted red.... With Alliance blood! Your ocd brick layers pale in comparison to our glorious spikes and canyon walls!
"Most fans are in support of it I'm kind of on the fence about baseball, I want to love it but the slow pace of the game definatly prevents me from watching regular season games. Those rule changes might make a viewer out of me. I'm sure the purists will hate it though"
"nice photoshop fgt. Yup, he's coming home"
"If you want to do a ""Theratown's Tips for Building"" once or twice a week, I will promise to shower you in upvotes and, occasionally, gold. TS3 Tip: Use SHIFT to adjust the pitch of multiple roofs at once"
AKA the Pencil. Kusche
Most of the country doesn't have a good public transportation system. How can this be? I was told that DC had the best public transportation system in the country?
"That's why Michael made a dungeon for their needs. It would have been kinda funny if behind the Break and Jeremy sign, there was a third sign that said ""Just in case Ray comes back""."
"Dotabuff plz Impruve MMR? 4k player here Hey I would love it if anyone could share some tips? I generally feel like I have a good grip on last hitting and map awareness and hero skill. However I am really unsure about what differentiates me from 5k,6k players? What is it that I don't know?"
I mean the CS pool turned green so there's that. There's been way too much hyping up for it to be anything you listed outside of the new sponsorship imo. Can't imagine if it was something to do with roster changes that people like H3CZ/Hitch/Pamaj would be talking about it positively. I'm assuming new team/new sponsorship
....wouldn't this be a nearly full body transplant? Canadian gets the nod to help with first-ever human head transplant
Any story behind why Ukraine has a pig on top? No pork
Nice cock and balls. Bad news = sunday blues :(
bottom is covered by our pitching They also need a top and bottom of the order bat too.
Yeah neither work Is it able to display through another port? And do you mean that the mobo HDMI isn't working either?
"You know what they say.. When you can't beat em, join em.. ^Thats^what^I^Did.. Secret Paladin is single-handedly ruining the Hearthstone experience. Is there *any* reasonable reason for Blizzard not to nerf Mysterious Challenger? I've managed to hold off from writing this post for a long, long time now. Coming from M:tG originally, I cried ""NEEEEERF"" to my friends the moment MC was spoiled. Good stats for the cost, plus insane card advantage, plus insane mana advantage, with almost zero deckbuilding ""cost""? Looked insane. And, sadly, as we all know by now, it *is* insane. Now, regardless of whether I'm right or not in hating the living guts out of this card and the mindbogglingly boring games and meta it creates, I know that I'm not alone in this. And if I'm anything to go by, this single card has made me play far, far less HS than before, and invest considerably less money in the game. I'm really, really struggling to see a reason, any reason at all, why Blizzard haven't nerfed the living daylights out of this card. Secret Paladin being so dominating makes little to no sense from any perspective - competitive, casual/fun, or financial. Help me out here, fellow Redditors. Or just share in my misery and bash Mysterious Challenger."
"496,758 496,757"
They don't tailgate for no reason Cops around here don't give a fuck about tailgating. They're some of the worst offenders.
"Sorry mate Riot strips the account of all RaF awards, as well as banning them from participating in the RaF program. Their account is otherwise still intact and fine. Source: me."
"neither was France's situation (the shooting) months ago either. Belgium wasn't football related, and Turkey was one of the participants.."
*a government survey* -turns off- Survey on elected presidency: Most agree changes are in S'pore's interest
I can see your point. The way they showed the first Atomic Breath was better. Starting with the small light and then going up his spine when you didn't know Godzilla was there was great. The second was badass for a different reason.
Beware the crayons of ruin. Indian Army Tatra trucks mounted with the BM-30 Smerch heavy rocket launcher
Yeah ive been doing that but its still only at 2.2gb/12.5gb after 6 hours. Put you Playstation 4 in rest mode. It'll up your download velocity considerably.
"Don't forget Green Street Hooligans! and, surprisingly, UK Queer as Folk."
"What do you expect, it's a whole new hatch door and it's carbon fiber. damn thats pricy"
I WASN'T PREPARED FOR THIS AAAAAHHHHH Rainmaker coming tomorrow at 7PM PT!
Or if our buttholes were on the top of our heads like blowholes on a whale. Rainy days would be a much bigger deal if our nostrils were pointing the other way.
"Do you hear that familiar whooshing sound? Recording someone without their knowledge during sex is a felony. In the United States, the Supreme Court ruled that anti-sodomy laws were Unconstitutional in 2003."
For free Lmaobox is sold in the Mann Co. Store for $2.99.
Never tried sorcerer... Golarion in a city called Sandpoint i'm told. Sorceror is the easiest primary caster class. Wizard and cleric are harder. bard is hardest.
"I never thought Legalization would be fast, but it would be nice if it was flat out Decriminalized in the short term. Good, airtight legislation takes time. I was hoping it would be sooner but realistically this is a perfectly acceptable time frame for legalization."
because I'd like to back up my questions and maybe re-read them? Why would you want to do this?
"My guess: ""I teach high school physics so trust me here; It's a conspiracy."" OH man, i'd love to know what was said now. Probably something very silly."
"They don't, I checked mine. What if the starters have perfect IV's...?"
"Won't that just run out the clock on the raid? You negate dodge by having dodge yourself, so they can't hit you back."
"For every 100 people who get one of these kinds of scams, 99 will trash it and 1 will fall for it... unfortunately that makes it all worth while for them. Sometimes I think people that think a .website address is a real bank site deserve to lose all their money, but then I think about my grandma... ... not that she knows how to read a text, but you know what I mean."
"as long as there's more bonnie and mangle, I'm in If Scott made a SL 2 AND a Springtrap game, what would be your thoughts? Think about this. If Scott, who is making SL, the 5th FNAF related game he's made, have a sequel PLUS yet another game. FNAF 1, 2, 3, 4, World, SL, SL2, SP, The Movie, SE, SE 2, SE 3."
Truly a twist you didn't expect. Found a linked pretzel today
"I thought that was her spirit connection, not avatar state. Actually now that I think about, I'm pretty sure she used it to try to clear vines in Republic City, so yeah, you're right."
"Makes sense...but I think there is a possibility he became ennard though... Because the green shirt, blue jeans kid wasn't the only one following Purple Guy. He had four other kids with him. And depending on how dumb or smart he was, he'd at least attempt to pound on Purple Guy, given his age."
"That still doesn't put them above the law. Right, and you realize that these people working for us have to have authority positions with more ability to make decisions than peons, right?"
"Pool of Radiance, and all the other SSI Goldbox games. Which videogame influenced your childhood the most?"
"Well, some people cared but we're bullied into not discussing it. And nobody cared."
"The one where the Trill are completely different from any of the Trill Star Trek ever deals with again? I always thought the worst Beverly falls in love episode was the one where she gets it on with that dude who's actually a slug in a host body, and then at the end he moves into a female body and Beverly is like 'Sorry pal, no homo.'"
India Tango
I hope this is satire A Moment in Crime just reached 100%
"2nd guess: 885, Ronaldo, Kyle Williams (Finally) Another PS4 Giveaway! I was supposed to do a giveaway yesterday but work and life caught up to me. I'm gonna make it up to you guys with a dope giveaway today. Rules: you only get 2 chances, only top level comments can win(please post your second guess in one comment, and you have to have all 3 answers correct. If no-one gets all 3 correct I will go with who has atleast 2 of the 3 correct. If that doesn't happen... You guys gotta try harder Prize: the winner for today will win 96 Tom Brady, 96 FE DT, and 96 Von Miller. Told you it would be a good giveaway. Question: it's not gonna be easy guys. First pick a number between 1 and 999. Next, name the player who signed my t-shirt when I was in college. Finally, guess my favorite soccer player. (hint: does not play in MLS)"
"ah ok as for the Da Vinchi, it's transliterated from the Cyrillic alphabet, where the letter used would be a single letter that represents the sound ""ch"". Foreign words are transcribed phonetically into Cyrillic."
"And only two countries have two: India and Italy If I am correct, we are the only country with more than 2. We have 11"
Because a bullshit-based currency is so much better... Chart of the day: Value of Dollar in gold since abandoning gold standard.
"So what you're saying is that he should bottle up his feelings like a real man right? you dont sound like a very supportive partner. This woman made a human being with you, pushed it out of her body, feeds it and you are upset she hasnt lost all the weight? That she has stretch marks? Do you think she chose to havw them, for fun? Jesus talk about growing up and realizing that some things like parenthood might come at the expense of other things, like 25 inch waists."
"Well I drank some dragon, but I figured edible was the best way to describe it! Oh you know, chillin. What did you eat?"
"It is? You do know this channel is satire, right?"
"I haven't seen many Christian fundamentalists around. Meh, you could say the same about Christians or Jews if you just take the Bible at face value."
"Okay, thanks for the help! Gear carry runs or simply those where everyone agrees to pass on the items needed."
B2S as a whole always serves me well as birth control... No better birth control.
"Fine, then be a miserable whiner Lol, like i enjoyed 2010? Thanks but no thanks. Regular season accolades mean absolutely nothing. Cup or bust."
"You must not have been in the game very long. I guess if I had to spend 3K, I could think of a lot of other cards I would rather use. Or better yet, a minimum spend that would net me 50000 points instead of a measly 5500."
"I saw a homeless person once too very spooky lol My very first trip to Footscray about a year ago - come out of the train station, walk a couple blocks and see two homeless looking guys arguing loudly. I went into a store, and came out a few minutes later and saw one of them trying to run away shouting to leave him alone, while the other chased him around on his bicycle. Seems like alot goes on around that area lol"
What? ;)
"That was my first thought. It's supposed to be the god Saturn/Chronos. There are 7 babies in the sculpture for him to devour, and Saturn was thought at the time to only have 7 moons."
"TBH the remote app has always been feature lacking :( This app should have been updated the day the ATV4 went on sale imo. Better late than never, I guess."
"And I can't wait for your flash sale ;) I want to get your sampler pack. If this is confirmed, we're going to have to do a flash sale in celebration!"
Triggered. Are they as good as firefly season 2 though?
did I say anything about money? And Steve is an engineer... he'll make bank.
that fix does not work at all Instead of waiting for them to fix it do it yourself. Somebody posted a fix on Reddit a few days ago that had to do with blocking the US servers or some shit. I'm sure if you ask around or look for it you can find it.
Guess it's finally time for him to face the... \*sunglasses\* Music. $3M lottery winner invested money in crystal meth ring
*fucke'd Go get fucked.
"Hamster Dance Reddit, what is your first memory of the Internet?"
on MP 10 I end up with huge stacks of crap... the things I pick up on purpose are: Demonic Essences and Legendaries (only things I'll go out of my way for) Rings Amulets iLvl 63 weapons and armor (if it's convenient) I randomly end up with whites and blues in my inventory from clicking So what rares are you picking up now that identify all has arrived? I personally pick up: Gloves Shoulders Pants Boots ilvl 63 and 62 Weapons Jewelry
"i'm sure tampa would be more than happy to see prust in the lineup doing retarded shit again. If Prust and Watson both get suspended for the series, it will be a win-win for both teams."
"I know nothing about you, so I judge you by your comments, and so far every comment I have read that was posted by you is weird. Right. What relevance does my opinion on that have to do with me being weird or not"
"It's weird how she's getting destroyed then I see retards on facebook saying dumb shit like ""we dont care about emails"" LOL fuck national security I guess, getting that vagina in the white house is the most important thing to libtards. MFW FBI are destroying Clinton Campaign"
Probably cause they don't give a fuck about us and our pop music. What do you think is the #1 reason why the aliens are not yet communicating with us?
"This is my problem with laugh-tracks and the use of audiences in TV (like John Oliver). High Level Insider explains how to defeat the regime ""Common Knowledge of the fraud"""
"Ihatemyjob1 Anyone keep seeing this ""General! We need your password!"" commercial? I'm so fucking tired of it."
Mei the Ripper D: Meichopath
"You're hired. It has a low jump range, because, as rear admiral, you must stay behind everyone else ;)"
"I though that much was busted AC is more efficient above ~35-45 mph depending on the aerodynamics of your car, IIRC."
Nice bit of douchery in the comments section. Mysterious Weather-Changing Machine Used For Secret Solstice
"Opensecrets has their donors and expenditures BTW She's been pivoting back to center regardless. She doesn't give a shit about the youth, except the ones that see her as royalty. Good find though, another confirmation of CtR."
Confirm! My partner is of Spanish heritage so I assume they're all hot-tempered and great cooks!
I want to sell my weapons like my m9 bayou marble fade new using opskins but no one buys ;( After 4 long months starting with $17.50. I'd like to share my excitement because everyone else has a life and doesn't care
"What's AH? I like Algeria at AH 0 @ 1.925 (rather than DNB @ 1.83), so I'll keep an eye on this one. Algeria to win @ 2.8 isn't a bad shout either."
Mother of the year. Gotta star them young
"I second this...I've *never* heard of ROVA, and I've lived all around this state. No one says ROVA. Lived in Richmond my whole life, we say RVA for Richmond... but no one says ROVA... quit trying to make ROVA work, it's not going to happen."
Yo I heard you like wasting time I am now wasting my time discussing with other people who are wasting time talking about wasting time watching others wasting time. We truly do live in the future.
"He hath sage words indeed. Yea, your words ring with truth. Additionally OP is a homosexual and his mother is promiscuous."
"Dat shameless clickbait ""What a surprise!"""
Just want them to revert his cigar Will Riot ever revert Graves changes? I miss playing graves as an adc. I know they reverted Kog'Maw but do you guys think they would ever revert Graves back to to his original state or do you guys think its a an bad idea? I am just wondering because I used to main the old graves and want to know if any one else misses his original form.
He's also mentioned in the article. Umm Huni?
Or you could use Team Builder? A possible change to blind picks?
Both 7 and 20 nm is significantly smaller than 90-130 nm How is 20nm smaller than 7nm? I'm confused
"Not too bad but I live in a semi-rural part of the US, so there isn't a TON of stations clogging up the airwaves Is there much interference? My brother had one and it often had bad static or sounded fuzzy"
"Architecture is like microeconomics and urban planning is like macro economics. How would you describe urban planning in one sentence to someone who's never heard of it? People keep asking me what my degree is, and I struggle to describe urban planning in a short concise way without either stumbling or boring people."
"I just wondering, are you by chance a *pleasure* model? Domino's to trial delivering via robot in Brissy!"
Probably not popular opinion but if I want a truck I'll get a Chevy or GMC. BMW X2 Concept debuts in Paris
Ribbed for her pleasure. That pipe looks like a penis.
wuddup doe Dwight Howard has chosen the Houston Rockets!
"Now that I read his statement again, it was a little bit vague, but the way I interpreted it was ""For everyone 98 people who don't make it, another two are ecstatic that they made it."" Mind explaining? I don't get how 98 people can drop out of the top 2% and only 2 of the 98 that made it can be happy."
^^^TRIGGERED Might be an asshole but I find it funny when people discuss ableism and fatphobia together. Perhaps you would be able bodied if you weren't so fat?
"Sure it has..... So, my last word has disappeared? pls help As the title says, i just noticed today that The Last Word has completely disappeared from my inventory."
We did it reddit! S
"Before it was removed from the game people would call it SotU, so that's helped it stick around. SHIELD-OF-THE-UN-DER-WORLD THORNS 6 syllables versus 1. I personally like the name Thorns much better than the name Shield of the Underworld."
"It would happen at compile time regardless. Division is more expensive than multiplication, right? Wouldn't that make the initial one the better choice?"
"I just don't feel like fighting moronic lost tourists to go anywhere, but hey, if that's your thing... Wow! You must be the Ultimate New York Dude!!!"
"why not move to england? I'm completely serious, I would move there if this happens."
"SUCK IT REGGIE Eastern Conference Finals, Game 3 (DO IT FOR LOVE edition), Atlanta Hawks (0-2) @ Cleveland Cavaliers (2-0), 5/24/2015, 8:30 PM E.T. on TNT - Kyrie Irving will not be playing tonight. - Kevin Love is in the building, for those who are interested. - Kyle Korver is out for the rest of the playoffs with an ankle injury."
Join the Buffalo Bills What plausible event could force a delayed Superbowl?
"Instead of people asking if it's worth it to shoot someone over property or self-defense, why don't we ask if stealing something or entering with the intent to harm is worth getting shot, killed or maimed. Property is just property. Human life is infinitely more valuable."
tbh if the npcs name was more legit i might of fell for it coz a npc. When you get offered reroll.. nty
"4 for bank spacers.... what? I understand the point of the randomness, seeing as it would be too easy if it only took 2 weeks to get both the pieces (4 if you want bank spacers); but it does get a bit ridiculous. Would it be possible to have a system where, lets say, after 3 tops you are guaranteed a leg piece?"
Earth and Sky to be technical Heaven and Hell.
k Your ability to have a conversation about something is horrible.
Aww that dad with the two kids. Motorcycle passes on the right and almost gets hit
"You do not understand what kind of sausages I fatten clearly, and this seems like bribery of a government official. Ah I see. Maybe I can show you around town a bit then maybe I'll become worthy of a nice sausage fattening."
"Deficio predicted that EDG would beat SKT, what a garbage analyst we as the community are tired of wannabe analysts like this Deficio guy. I want to add:your ability as an analyst is PREDICTING using whatever methods(it is so clear that you can't even use very simple graphs properly),if you just state the obvious you are a fraud,between you and froskurinn I don't know who is the worst You can consider the thoorin's career,talking about nothing for two hours straight"
Animal rights breh I don't think cats can smoke
"A wild Tumblrina appears, Tumblrina uses cis hate speech. Roommate's girlfriend dropped this gem on me yesterday"
Sick whip on that Found this pic from a few years ago showing the reason I stopped using wooden sticks
"From what ive read about the localism in Oregon this sounds accurate. Terrorists, Syrian refugees, immigrants, jews all could have been involved in this."
"Arkansas beat Florida handily You outscored Alabama. You're obviously an underdog, but I think you can give them a tougher game than whoever they will face in the playoffs."
"TSA.. yuck! Creating jobs for the purpose of creating jobs is ridiculously inefficient, at the end of the day youre doing nothing but wasting someones time (or several peoples) while adding nothing particular to society. Our technology is at a point where most basic tasks can be done completely by them, a lot of people dont have the capacity for going further. Besides, many people are unsatisfied with their lifes being an unfair version of monopoly."
"YOU ALSO DIDN'T GET NOSE CANCER, SO ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL! Wait what"
"upvoted for beating me to it. As far as I understand it, a hung jury is different than nullification. A hung jury means a concensus could not be reached, whereas jury nullification is that a consensus was reached that the law in this instance was in the wrong, not the person. It is the final check to representation not actually representing their constituents. If every person on a jury thinks a law is wrong, then how is that law valid, since law is the will of the people and the people (jury) obviously and unanimously disagree with it."
I...... agree with.... you i like this... looks good....
"Like that old saying goes, the best time to plant a tree was ten years ago, the second best time is today. The fact that I am finally dragging my unfit self to the gym, 20 years after I was advised to go by my physiotherapist. Better late than never. I don't hate it as much as I thought I would, and it's encouraging me to eat better in an attempt to build up some muscle."
Bacon! Can anyone ID this?
Something attractive people may learn very early. TIL your pupils dilate when you see someone attractive
"One more time pls? You respond so fast though, you're very diligent!"
To which specific lies do you refer? Not really surprised on the outcome. What do people think will happen when you outright lie to the folks that voted you in?
"The most basic I can make it is that I apply the NAP, but I find private property to be a tool of oppression. can explain what you mean as a left leaning libertarian? im right leaning so im unfamiliar with what sets us apart. :)"
Cool collection :) - Phoenix - show off / favorite - hexer fun - bati races/fun - Sanchez ^ - rh8 because it's free - sabre for looks and fun I guess I just get the vehicles I like driving.
"Oh my gosh, how long did it take you to create that? Who needs a farm when you can have a giant hedge maze?"
RemindMe! Week 33: Melons - Watermelon Mojito
"There's also the fact that to an ancient guy in the desert who never ventures more than 5 miles from the place he was born in his entire life, a relatively insignificant regional flood would effectively be a worldwide flood. Thanks for your detailed answer. I would count your views on the age of the universe as a no for this: A lot of fundamentalists would say that without any doubt, it's much less than 1 million years old. So you definitely don't get that point, I'm afraid. I'd obviously take exception to the idea that every culture has flood myths. If you track them down, there are a few independent flood myth sources, including surprising ones, like desert peoples. It's surprising how many there are, but everywhere? no."
"No Does this make Hue ""officially"" the Niners HC?"
you cheeky bastards... Wikileaks has a surprise for Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile
"""free"" Yeah because all of the free games you get aren't worth $50 alone."
"I'm actually a Vikings fan, so... I just happen to be supportive of the sport and all of the players that put their health at risk to do something that they love. Good luck with Cutler.... Douchebag"
"noob gains destroying clothing gains Can confirm, my first gym shirt was a Gymshark shirt. Literally ripped at my armpits after half a year."
"Well my dad does keep all his jars of fat in the fridge. No it's fine in the fridge, I keep it on the counter (and by counter I mean pantry) mostly as it's just what I've known from when I was a toddler, same reason I don't refrigerate certain condiments :) There's no benefit to storing on the counter other than access but the fridge is never too far away so it's fine to store it there and will last longer"
"Yeah its 1 ppr and what would you send as a lowball offer? Is this PPR? Your team is so young, I'd be inclined to take Mariota and not force feed myself a QB. It's possible some of your young guys take another year to develop and you can get another QB next year. Even though Wilson is young, he's still older than most of the rest of your roster. With Crowell in the fold, it's possible Duke Johnson doesn't see the field year one. DGB could take a lot of time to develop with Mariota and your young core of Matthews and Watkins will be around for another decade while you search for a QB. Maybe not the answer you were looking for, but I'd certainly be inclined to at least play hardball with the guy. You don't have to have a QB now."
"Someone on twitter suggested ""Mike Czech Check"". So the Mike^3 line?"
"Wow... what a cool find. Looking for id on this coin, found in Norway, but look eastern europe maybe? any help is appreciated."
"I mean the same thing happened with the Fappening so I don't know if it's necessary to compare GamerGate to hate groups for charities to not want their money, just groups with shaky morals or shitty people. Still, one wonders why AbleGamers didn't just take the money and issue a statement explaining how they appreciate the donation but do not support any particular cause. I get that Ghazi types unironically compare GG to ISIS and the KKK, but GGers aren't *that* bad, and I doubt the PR hit would be anything serious."
"wow, that's one way to headline this. Emails expose close ties between Hillary Clinton and accused war criminal Henry Kissinger: Kissinger met regularly with Secretary Clinton, and applauded her hawkish foreign policy in a handwritten message"
"I *am* a competitive Smash player and it is impossible for me to understand what he does is real. I'm not a competitive Smash player at all, and Wobbles is my favorite player to watch simply because how impossible it is for me to understand that everything he does is real."
"If anything good could come of this, it could lead to a revamp of the original simply due to increased popularity regardless of whether it's forced or granted. 'Shadow of the Colossus' movie gets a director"
"At the very least, your installed apps should be at the top. It's annoying that YouTube and Netflix are at the bottom of a list of apps I don't even have installed!"
"Git gud kid WHY BLACK OPS 3 SHOULD NOT BE ON PC 1. Guns aren't fucking balanced for it. Man'o'war can kill a locus user across map because they can shoot faster, landing the first shot, which means the sniper is now flinched and cant shoot back. FUCKING LAUGHABLE. But the 2 snipers but require 0 skill, the drakon and p06 are insanely OP. GJ retards. 2. Runs like shit. I cant aim in with the default sniper scopes on fringe without dropping from 90fps to 20. HAHAHAHAH fuck you treyarch. And my framerate drops to 30 every 5 min or so for a solid half a game. 3. Gunplay is made for consoles. The recoil, the flinch and just everything about it is for console trash. 4. ""Hey, lets make OP scorestreaks but give them out for free to every retard in the match a few times a game. We'll call them 'specialists' though so people don't complain."" 5. Spawn kills are half my deaths. TL;DR Fuck you treyarch this game is shit."
"October 2011--it's gonna be nasty. We Are on the Verge of a Great, Great Depression. ""Wal-Mart's core shoppers are running out of money much faster than a year ago due to rising gasoline prices, and the retail giant is worried, CEO Mike Duke said Wednesday."""
Oh Venus
"Crickets so far, I'm also curious about a statement from him. So Gavin got ""bamboozled."" OK. What's Matonis' excuse? We've discussed Gavin's role in this stunt ad nauseum. Obviously, he is paying a price for being involved. What about Matonis? Why did he play along and what does he have to say about this?"
"oh ty, that explains a lot You get a 21 hour cooldown for every 2 wins until you get 10 wins. After that you get your rank and won't have the cool down anymore."
It is my understanding he means that just because my gear is 400mg/ml and painless to me doesn't mean it's (the 400) is painless to someone else. 400mgml is not brewed the same as 300...
"Even tho I know this to be true, I still put the covers on at travel centers (airports, train stations, rest stops, etc) As it turns out, your skin is actually excellent at deterring any kind of toilet-born infection (and urine is basically safe anyways), so there's zero health risk to sitting on a visibly clean toilet seat."
They are blood thinners that would prevent clotting formation after a brown snake bite. What is that?
Oh Yeah When your re post skills are on point*
"Reactor is leaking, please add water to avoid nuclear runaway Thats probably a bad idea anyway. Just think how many people just ignore the check engine light now. Reactor cells wouldn't be any different."
"Some camera reviews provide raw sample files. Download RAW images to practice processing? I'm wanting to learn how to manually process RAW photos, is there anywhere where I can get some?"
Yes? Gangsta Rap
"""COMMUNISM IS A TEMPORARY SETBACK ON THE ROAD TO FREEDOM!"" ""ENGAGING PATRIOTIC SUB-ROUTINES"""
"Now Avery can come back to America and raise Liddy. Donaghy, you crazy bastard. You did it. You actually did it."
"Religion sometimes has the habit of blinding people and calling it faith. Which is ironic, since where I live everyone loves the guy because he's a christian."
*90th minute Ferdinand vs Liverpool (89th minute header)
Star Wars is fantastic Are you kidding OP? He's destroyed everything he's touched.
"I still think it's funny that half of the python gods don't even agree with the other half on whether or not the GIL is broken. Python Performance - Parts 1, 2, 3 and 4 - I wrote this a while ago, but seeing as how the GIL hasn't been ""fixed"" yet I think it's still timely/useful."
You can buy anything in this world for money! Right on the money from the man who should know. And look at the reason he gives for it - specuation - MONEY. That makes total sense.
"Hopefully this is resolved soon I'd be up for meeting too, if you'd like. I'm in the area."
Sounds like the tag line for a shitty hotel. It's only Vegas Golden Nights. Not Las Vegas.
"...unless you list it as ""Organic All Natural Home Made Upcycled OOAK Pillow Case"". don't tell r/etsy"
"This video clearly needed the customary ""Let the bodies hit the floor."" You know what I like the most about this video? Unlike so many other game play videos made by users, this one doesn't have some annoying music put on top of it that I have to first mute before watching it. I also love that this guy has found a way to get more out the game."
"Por que no los dos? no, catastrophic climate change is the new religion, atheism is a old one."
How long did this take is it fully cooked? I Made a Stanley Cup Out of Beef and Hot Dogs
You have a superpower. I dont know about others but it works for me.
"I have a video beard, although I am one of the few... I wear cargo shorts but can't grow a beard. Is that why I became a video guy? Wait, no, it was because it pays me better and I don't have to work as hard."
Nope. Is that Erin?
"I (I think luckily) missed that story. The Larry Craig ""wide stance"" was in Minneapolis-St. Paul airport. In DC, you get spotted coming out of the shower by your gay sex partner's roommate and have the gayest Instagram feed in Congress."
Royal Society for the Protection of Bananas? She could have been kidnapped by a radical group of RSPB members who wanted to be taken seriously
"Weird, I have been updating instagram but still have the old logo But I still have the retro IG before the logo change... can't update that."
Unless its about a fetus. I forgot caring for other people is a no no nowadays
At least six of those are crocheted! Weird knitting ideas for the weekend
Them 2 jokes died a long time ago. She should get Google Ultron.
"The game is still technically in beta. Yep. The genius of the game is that it isn't designed for us, but rather anyone who wouldn't have played modern Pokemon beforehand. Can't trade, can't duel, can't even choose moves when fighting... Microtransactions (don't blame them just typically not our thing). Brilliant business move by Nintendo, but objectively it's not a very good game."
"Remembering that Kansas went to Santorum in 2012 makes me feel a lot better. Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, and Maine. You're up! Get out and caucus/vote today!!!"
You average two barrows pieces and s clue every other chest? 50/50 as many things are . so not very rare.
"Classic Aleague Click-Bait Sheeesh, the amount of times I've read ""re-signs"" as ""resigns"" :/"
"I assume she's had her car vandalized at least once, if not many times. I live in the deep south, and this is my co-worker's car. She's got more guts than I do for sure"
delete this post please So this isn't the real kinstor?
"That's me! I think people stay subscribed, but get burned out on certain series. For example, you might love Simon and Lewis' chemistry, but be so fed up on Minecaft, that you don't watch for a while."
"This better be worth it We've probably got a big meta post coming soon, I'll throw them in there."
"No sir, punjabis have less hate against Pakistani's than any other state. Maybe Keralite's have less enmity with ""Pakistan"" than a Punjabi? I don't know I'm just postulating what tripplight might be hinting towards. Or maybe he was just Mallu spotting."
Selenas deluxe tracks got both my 0 and my 11 THIS IS ACTUALLY GOOD. The Confident deluxe edition tracks are better than the deluxe tracks from Revival and Bangerz.
"Correction.. A cat and his body guard German Shepherd. Our German Shepherd, and her pet cat."
"Twitter is telling him to fuck off Sky's David Speers: Support from snr Right &amp; Left figures for Albanese to contest the Labor leadership, despite strong result for Labor"
"After you beat DLC, will you use build for PvP or PvE? Save game rekt, need help choosing a new build So, after months of not playing, I wanted to continue DLC and the game doesn't recognize my save game. Guess I'll start over AGAIN... I need help deciding on a build. I like fast builds where I roll around a lot and Dodge attacks. My first run I dual wielded rapiers (Ricards rapier has sick moveset) then in my second run I dual wielded great lances (here comes the hurt train!) I want something different, but I don't want to be a tank with a shield. Any suggestions? Thanks reddit!"
;) u no lol wat if I also have this class then wat
But we hear Putin is personally on the case so I am sure the truth will come out soon. Lennon killing makes no sense too. Shit happens.
Nice troll. No.
"#PenguinMasterRace Torn about my 325a over the Avenger Stalker Still trying to decide with what pack to stick with.... 325a has a bunch of negatives right now, but do we generally have any idea what role it will fit in? I'd be interested in a bit of freelancing, bounty hunting, cargo, escort, exploring, and it seemed like a good jack of all trades but still can fight option but in-game right now it seems pretty lackluster. :/ I do like the space penguin too, but 325a design wise is favorable to me."
QTWave HeyGuys
"Not gonna lie, no one can defend prime T-MAC except for lebron. 1) Steph 2) Kawhi 3)KD 4)Lebron 5)AD"
What division desperation post for free agents
I'll just assume you see my point. dont know who built them :)
"Actually classical Indeed, so not medieval but ancient"
"Good luck flunking out of school, Rivers Homo. I'm going to college soon. So first impressions matter! Roast Me!"
Jake at Royal Flesh and Adam Fox at Speakeasy are two of the best I've worked with. I need to find really good artists in the Chicago area. How is this place?
"He's probably thinking ""damn son, this nigga gon need like 3 or 4 books"" Looks like one of those traveling monks who give out free books. Really nice people actually."
I look forward to the results of the investigation when they are announced mid-January FBI will re-open investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server
"Man Tracker, Backpacker, Cannibal - random airdrop What are your favourite and most successful builds this patch? Tell me your favourite perk set up and airdrop with reasoning! Ive been really liking Speedy Spear Leg day Dig deep Cyclops Provides good utility and the ability to close distance on bow boys quick, what have you been using?"
Don Nelson's We Believe team was running small ball even before then Or the recent Heatles. Were playing small ball well before the current warriors
"I think everyone works with one of these guys, I definitely do, oldschool goth who thinks he's hot shit but is extremely sloppy, and forgets to wear deoderant even though HR's talked to him four times about it already this quarter The sweaty dudes."
Not enough popcorn in the world. 'He's a disaster': Trump still faces a party divided on convention's final night | US news
"Do you think that other people think strokes are funny? Strokes. Six years ago my father suffered two ischemic strokes. They left him unable to walk and mentally disabled. He's not a vegetable or anything but his quality of life is nil. He lives in a nursing home so that he can get round-the-clock care that he needs, with no independence whatsoever. Six years ago I woke up to find my father, the man I have always loved and idolized, turned into a completely different person, almost a child, in the blink of an eye. Strokes are not fucking funny. They don't just ruin the lives of the one who had the stroke. It ruins the lives of the families and friends too."
Is it a toner waste cartridge? Has anyone tried emptying the waste container on a Konica Minolta Magicolor?
"More like taking smite because it's instant true damage to target ... then realizing targets can only be minions and monsters, not champions. Not knowing what red buff did, thinking it gave more health regen. Makes sense as blue gives mana???"
"Well surely when all of those missionaries get home the numbers will start declining It hasn't ""descended back to normal"". Prior to the age change the number of missionaries had been fairly constant at around 55K. Once the age change was announced it surged to about 85K. In the last two years it has climbed down to about 75K due to the double age cohort returning home. But they're still well above where they were 5 years ago, probably mostly due to a large increase in sister missionaries serving."
"I know I am missing a great deal because I have not been there, but I don't understand how Hamas gets elected if Palestinians don't want war. Have you been there???? The Palestinians that I met do not want war. Christ most of those Palestinian kids were born into Israeli's fascist laws and they are completely still sane. The actions of a few militias don't justify the cry for freedom of the millions of Palestinians all throughout the world. Zionists are scared because a one state democratic government will put the European and Russian colonialist in the minority, so you make pre-conceived lies like ""lead to more violence"" and ""it just won't work"" where the hell do I even begin with vague statements like that."
"Ah, so 'interred' Wrong friend. I meant invited by force to discover the mental institutions"
"""It is primarily a development of UK garage, drum and bass and dancehall."" Are you for real? Grime is a sub-genre of hip hop fuckin dickmonkey"
"That's more work than just using Gmail :-/ I have found myself hitting Undo, which reopens the email with the signature in it. Then I cut-paste it higher up."
"Exactly, I plan on just chain activating extractions all over the map to confuse people. Haha, just go around with a bag full of grey scopes you pull off weapons!"
I hear they win the championship if they win that game.... Canada vs US? You just want to see the US get eliminated.. don't ya?
"just buy a good wired mouse, and a cheap wireless mouse, so you can use the wireless mouse when, well what ever you need the distance for, and the wired one for playing games It's quite expensive though. :/"
"Mods can censor subs, but they can't censor everything, is what I meant. Mods dont run the site tho. Just subs."
"Thank you, a lot of web sites are just trying to sensationalize science a little too much. Removing now. Also as a geneticist, a cursory reading of this indicates that it is god awful."
HO YOU TALK TOO MUCH What?
"I think I've missed something what happened with Wu? she was probably pulling him out for his own safety. No I don't mean safety from Milo-fans. Safety from their own crowd, could you imagine what might happen to him if he got into a reasonable argument with the guy filming? People would talk and might suspect he was sympathizing! I ain't kidding, look what happened to Wu."
A QuattroSting Can you identify this gun?
"Meknes isn't a gold mine, it's Tafilalt. To be honest I just move my capital to Gibralter because the only province that matters truly for overseas is Meknes which is a gold mine so I don't want the filthy -75% curse."
"can someone explain the error that is happening rn? Clearly, the error was on my part."
$420 - totally stolen and the thief is purchasing weed with the profit. So stolen. Has to be stolen.... Is this stolen?
"Yeah it's annoying :( This is exactly why I stopped using it after being introduced to BO1 zombies, the weapon I needed was always on the wrong slot and has got me downed so many times because of it"
"Makes a great gift! Boop on, boop off"
Cheers mate. congratulations on quitting.
Wait that's not the right song. This pain is just too real. THERE'S JUST TOO MUCH THAT TIME CANNOT ERASE!!!
Nope I've had a few over the past few months. I have had a stack of requests to keep registering - more than I ever used to. Seems I get one at least every 6 months. Maybe it's a London thing where the population is fluid and some areas having suspected voter fraud.
My favourite is the moon monkeys. This has got to be my favorite one
"Blitzhug? I feel bad for the Brits, a German woman going over there and hugging them. Its like first they had to endure the The Blitz and now this?"
Igloo furnishings with little eskimo minions With summer event right around the corner...what would you like to see for Winter events? Personally I want to see some scarves...
Then again we were much more open when we played the diamond Can we just go back to the diamond formation please? It suits Di Maria the best and our attacking play is much more fluid.
And Lance $troll... Valtteri Bottachello...
"sorry forgot they are still cursed ps: to be honest, players dont mean anything in competitive if there isnt a good comunication between the team. You honestly think a Curse team with Piglet and XWX would drop to the bottom three with teams like T8 and the two new expansion teams? Please tell me you are joking."
"And here I though I was perfectly OK and didn't have to wory about rushing things Do the quests to unlock the official main event quest. You have to do the 2 training quests, one with BP and Window on IM's Arcade and Wasp on the obstacle course. If you don't have these quests yet, you probably still need to finish the other main quests like getting the Captain Falcon outfit."
It's a fucked up world we live in that this even exists. Manchester United to offer XXXXL shirts next season!
"There was a meetup? The Long Island Reddit meetup was a success! Well if no one else is gonna whore it for the karma, I might as well ;) We had the meetup yesterday and it was a great success! Very large turn out, and a heck of a lot of food. I hope everyone enjoyed it as well as I did. And don't forget to thank kbunneh for all her hard work on setting the event up and keeping us all in the loop. So when and where is the next meetup?!"
One of the posts I saw was about a child who supposedly died after being given thirteen vaccines and the other was about the government trying to normalize GMO's and chemtrails by putting them in movies and video games (although some people in the comments disagreed and thought the game makers put this stuff in their games to warn us.) Was it the person who suggested that vaccines were a form of government sponsored mind control? I think I may have seen that same person.
"You do realize that if the Pope is right Senator Sanders will burn in hell for all eternity for denying the son of God, right? First the bird, now this. I'm not religious, but damn, this is a pretty powerful message."
"He probably got stuck in the front door so the suicide bomber wasn't able to get in. He was a hero, but I don't understand why the news article had to include this. ""People who knew him always thought he was just an ordinary kid who was very fat"""
"The problem is that people should not be able to buy influence over government. Hold on a second. I don't understand what the problem is. If they really did do this in order to 'legally' donate some money, doesn't it seem to you that it shouldn't be illegal to donate money from a certain source in the first place? The fact that they have to do this shows that there is just too much regulation, let them get money from where they want. I mean come on, what happened to freedom?"
Fortress of Solitude America needs him now more than ever.
lol clueless What does that have to do with our keepers not improving? His job is to work on making them better. If they aren't improving he isn't doing his job.
"Because a majority of Reddit is white, American, idealist. I know there is probably better subs to ask this in but I find the responses here are usually better. Why is reddit so fond of Bernie Sanders right now?"
"Last game I pre-ordered and even went to the midnight release was for Battlefield 3 (pc) and I was definitely disappointed hence the reason I don't pre-order anymore, and play anything EA. Just remember, this piece of common sense."
"Use some tint film instead, that way you keep the indicator I've been tempted to do this for the high-beam indicator on my Durango. Driving on dimly lit back roads and you turn on the high beams only to have your night vision diminished significantly by the bright blue light shining in your face."
"Nope, and the funny thing is that Selkath are chaotic pacifists, it's weird to see one all ready to kick ass with a blaster. Ha, I just started this game for the first time on mobile and am on Manaan. Is the Selkath on the cover really just a random NPC? I figured it was someone your party picks up along the way."
"provocateur strat Most likely it was put there, to stir up hatred, and increase the catoliana nationalist theme. As they are seeking independence. While using the reason ""to start a conversion"" wich really is just bullshit."
"*click* Your ex from your first serious relationship contacts you out of the blue and wants to get back together, what do you say to them?"
Yeah girl if you still need to chat I gotchu I was hoping I could talk to one of you ladies? If anybody is available to chat?
*Oblate Spheroids* Confirmed: All Planets are Spherical
"I'm sure Putin will have something to ~~say~~ bomb about it. it is a war crime yes, but I'm not sure if the people fighting in the region care."
And ppl are stupid enough to buy them (the skins i mean) When you get a free drop that can pay for a new GPU
"Yup whenever I realize Jim Dolan is still the owner, I can't shake that feeling that the light at the end of the tunnel is actually a freight train that I am on a collision course with. I'm still hesitant to call anything owned by Jim Dolan ""first class,"" but the light at the end of the tunnel is definitely getting brighter and brighter!"
Because consoles/mobile are more convenient for jumping right in. Huh. More people play on mobile and console then the PC. I guess I was old school.
"I don't think I could voice an unbiased opinion on this... can catholics be furries? (serious) i am getting married next month and both me and my fiancee have currently non sexual fursonas and often dress up in our fursuits when on dates. will we be able to legally incorporate this into married life? thamk you,"
With the batteries it is not impossible. Would be funny if he used all of this stuff to build an actual bomb.
Check the edit. But 14 dollars an hour is not minimum wage?
"Order some custom New Balance 574s, 996s, or 998s. My 53 year old dad wants new casual sneakers Looking for suggestions on what sneakers my dad should get. He is about 6ft and slim and needs something to wear with jeans. He doesn't want your stereotypical white New Balance shoes. Thanks!"
Wat Kik?
"and here i was thinking the fat is objectively superior in every possible way because it can take hard drives Luckily since you have a slim you can probably just but another external power supply and it will work fine again. Capacitors go bad as they age, it's a common occurrence in all electronics."
This is almost as good as the Rubio bot malfunction Ok. What's your question?
Mustang isn't my favorite car but damn is that car nice Another shot of the Sexy Shebly GT350 with a friends Ecoboost behide it!
"Sorry, I was experiencing psychic indigestion! Did you serioulsy called him Sean??! :o It's Shawn!! :D :D"
how does it feel losing to sub-humans? PSA: People who netdeck and play Aggro Shaman are Sub-Human.
"OP's just talking about how the thrusters fire, not how the ship responds. That's a tiny demonstration module. A ship of several (going into dozens if not hundreds) of tonnes, will have too much mass to balance instantly like that. I think slight sway when hovering over a landing pad is realistic."
"A pinch of salt and laughter, too It takes a lot to make a soup"
/cry lol Facts? You must be some kind of libtard CNN employee. Sad!
"Do we need any more proof that Zionist-Jews abuse Facebook on multiple levels... the least of which is having entire pages removed/banned/disabled? Richard Silverstein: ""Director of Israeli Aerospace Institute Conducts Campaign Disabling My Facebook Account"""
They're just translating his videos. Masterrace Vision- a skill honed by reading millions of youtube comments over the years.
"*eats it* ""Uh Lilly, maybe you should go to Scotland after all."" ""Hey Hisao, you got a booger."""
It's ported for Vita? Hey just be happy it's an improved ps4 version and not a lazy vita port
"This is the first time the Monk has appeared in the 8th Doctor box sets, but yes, you should listen to it. THE MONK?! I should listen to this series..."
What is this joke? You just described my father in law. He told one funny joke at a family dinner in 2011 and STILL brings it up.
alright np xD Would have done that if it wasn't 2 days ago that I wanted them haha!
What about a non-profit that hasn't been approved by the CRA yet? Happen to know a non-profit that is looking for funding? Have them apply and they might be chosen.
who goes out in this scenario Portugal or Germany USA will qualify from their group England will make the Semi Finals
By a mediator. Also somewhere in the contract says that any disputes will be settled out of court by a moderator
MAGA64 MAGA!!!
"It's not edge, it's pretty much a well known fact if you've been playing oldschool since it came out. Damn, almost cut myself on your edge."
Way to tell me how my past 17 years have went. You can't turn gay dude you've been bisexual your while life and never noticed dudes
"As soon as my son can hit adult size clubs I'll be having a set of these made for him, he's a blue fanatic. New wedges"
"I just do not understand why managers do this They tell us not since we are enforcing their rules but I guess they do not apply to them You WILL use this card. Hello TFR! Long time lurker, first time poster. I work retail at a store that's fairly large so it has a lot of rules. One such rule is that we need to check people's cards to see if there is a signature. If not, we need to see an i.d. with a name that matches the card. Since it's the holidays, we have been strictly enforcing this rule since there have been reports around our mall about people using stolen cards. Even if someone is using their spouses card and has the same last name, we can't use it because they could have stolen their card and gone on a crazy shopping spree because they are mad at them or seperated or for whatever crazy person reason. I had to use this rule on one lady tonight who just didn't seem to get it. M = Me, RL = Rude Lady M: *finishing the transaction when I notice there's no signature on her card* ""Can I also see an i.d. please?"" RL: *Shows i.d. that has the same last name but a different first name* M: ""I actually need to see an i.d. that has the same first name and last name as the card"". RL: ""That's my husbands card"". M: ""Unfortunately he does need to be present since it's his card and I do need to see his i.d. to complete the transaction"". RL: *in the most condescending tone you could image* "" He isn't here but you WILL be using this card"". M: ""Unfortunately our policy is that we need to see an i.d. that matches the card."" RL: ""I am not coming back to this store later so I WILL be using this card."" M: ""I'm sorry but I can't continue without your husband present"". RL: ""No, you WILL be using this card."" And that went on for another minute. She kept emphasizing ""will"" so much it was like she was trying to use the jedi mind trick on me. I wanted to shout "" You WILL be LEAVING THE STORE NOW"". The manager was called and approved the transaction since the lady had the same last name and my manager didn't know how rude she had been. Next time someone is that rude to me I'll just say ""sorry, your card doesn't have a signature and is therefore invalid. That is technically credit card fraud. Bye!""."
"Free speech, no matter how unpopular it might be is being censored because it is exactly that: unpopular What is slowly dying off and people just don't realize it?"
3D printers would self replicate if given the chance. Could you 3D print a 3D printer?
"Move along sir, nothing to see here. You mean the ban that was signed by a republican president?"
"I'd recommend starting Miggy at 3rd, and playing Clark at 1st. For me they are almost the same hitter. I do keep Clark on my bench. Start miggy"
Dude you're totally going to be able to see the top of the Tabernacle from that thing. Great view of parking lots and the back of buildings....
"Thank you! Whoa! You madam, have ovaries of brass! Congrats and may you enjoy a lifetime of happiness!"
"this is contradictory, too, to them removing the active from muramana, because ""no one managed it well"" They want you to use the actives more often, which is weird, because statistically, most players don't make much use of actives, so balancing them will become a rather difficult task."
Not right now you don't. ...But I poop from there...
Isn't the point of conversion therapy to reduce the number of gay people? Suicide rate is gonna go up
*CROWD_SMALL_CHIL_EC049202* Another person who browsed the audio files? I'm not the only one! -dies-
"I don't think you can guarantee that I can guarantee the PC's win another majority. With ease. The NDP may pick up some seats around Edmonton, but that'll be it."
Can has been really bad at CB though (he was most to blame in the 6-1 to Stoke). I just listed him off as an option because he could easily slot in the back if it were dire enough. It'd be a waste though since he's a much better option in the midfield.
you realize that the UK has the same if not more watchful eye on their citizens than the US does right? Just elect John Oliver then. I mean the UK is *basically* just America Lite right?
"Next task, see if you can land yourself ON the ship! Getting hit by a ship"
"I was referring to people ignoring the signs. We see this a bit in Chicago on Lake Michigan. I think it's something to do with when it rains too much, sewers empty into the lake. Something to do with sewage anyways."
"In my experience of having a long beard, I'm never happy with it after having someone else trim it. Question for the bearded aggies So I'm an incoming graduate student, and I've got a beard that I like to keep full, but still tamed and taken care of. It's starting to get long, and I'm looking for a barber that's comfortable trimming and shaping up beards. Any suggestions?"
"Good guy to trade up with, a target for Power Overwhelming, Sergeant, etc. Am I the only one who doesn't think possessed villager is a good card? I have been running a self-concocted zoo and it has gone insanely well (probably won 90% of my games but granted I was leaving lower ranks with it) but initially I put that card in and it has no impact. Who cares about a 1/1 when I can run flame imp and voidwalker? It just isn't good enough imo"
She is beautiful. Take your daughter to work day.
"I use muriatic acid, The grass will grow back! White Vinyl Fencing and mowing/trimming? I bought my house in May last year, installed a fence in November and am now dealing with lawn care around the fence. Everytime I mow and trim around it, the grass clippings get stuck to the vinyl and stain it. Do you take any steps to keep this from happening?"
I would hit that like the fist of an angry god. ME2:Awesome Garrus Cosplay
"found the lawyer. why is ""sued"" in quotes"
What words would be better? I don't need to say Hallmark words to express my feelings.
Unlike us they haven't unlocked the secrets behind the backwards b. No but seriously I have no idea. Why are you being downvoted? This is an injustice and it's actually making me strangely upset.
"What I meant is if the OP did refund his karma into boxes, he has a quite larger sample size than you and his results cannot be used for you to say you're unlucky (or he's lucky) ;) He simply opened like twice as much as you :D Yes but you lose 40% of the karma even with all boosters from what tried, if I get 4 per 850k and if I reuse all the karma thingies I get I'll restore 850-900k at best so with my data it will be~ 4 lodes more. Still quite far from what he got. But I can never know for sure unless I try it."
"Oh I like that, I'm using that now. yaay, welcome to the magic stick club!"
Rule 3. Battlefield or CoD?
You're gonna have to dig deeper than that. Comments like this can really Manganese pun threads. ^Mangle ^these ^if^you^didn't^get^it^:P
It really doesn't. It looks better than some of the so called next gen games even today.
It's at least better than his usual anti-vaccination and anti-GMO tirades. Why would anyone want to hear that?
"superman 4 taught us everything we need to know. If only we stopped talking about racism, racism would cease to exist! Reddit Dot Com"
"That's pretty odd, if it occurs only when using teh controller UI, with all addons off, you need to report this bug to ZoS. Is anyone else experiencing inability to logout of characters outside of cities? I use the controller UI (and haven't tried it with it off) and everytime I try to log out outside of a city, where it needs a countdown, it sits on the countdown screen. I've already waited a minute and nothing has happened. The same is with exiting. If I tap escape and choose quit, it will count down, but it will never exit on its own. I have to force the exit."
I fucking died! Car wash
Dale Carnegie would be proud. Reporter nails pronunciation of Hawaiian girl's extremely long name -
"At a certain point, being desperate is not meme-worthy anymore man.. I'm 21, I can show her daughter a **good** time I hope she likes Playstation"
You should wear something while you're cooking her... you might burn your penis on the stove. Wife cooking naked
"Nope, only US. Do they ship in Eu though?"
"Tabzz got carried hard, all of his games were ""Lock KogMaw and let Froggen senpai protect you"" Rekless has mechanics. Even cherry picking his 5 best games from this last split Rekkles isnt on the same level as Deft or Emporer. Don't get me wrong, dude is good, and was a great fount of fantasy points, but he didnt even outperform Tabzz and Creaton by that much."
Word to ya mutha! The best drug
The majority of these photos would have been avoided if the parents actually did their job properly. Yes this is how we see them... and why I don't want one
"So, nothing then? Adebayor's soul"
"You might want to use that module for the Yorck to decrease the atrocious turret traverse as much as possible. TIL that the Main Battery Modification 2 INCREASES loading time instead of decreasing it. After bought myself a Konigsberg, I pimped it out with Main Battery mod 1, Propulsion mod 1, then, after reading the description and the rate of fire (8.4r/m), Main Battery Mod 2. Then i checked the ROF and WTF? It became 7.6. Careful reading revealed that it ""+10% main battery loading time. +15% main battery traverse speed"", then I face palmed hard: I bought it for every BB I own because I thought it would decreased my loading time. Yep, 1.500.000 credits is down the drain to rebuy proper equipment. I feel so dumb."
"Totally unqualified and yet still able to train the one to fill the job too... what a laugh. The thing that really painted them into a corner is that they claim that they can by law, hire outside if they can't find a Canadian with the requisite skills to fill the position. So what RBC is saying is that they had a totally unqualified person in the job before? That's some terrible tap dancing."
"His left hand? Would you actually like to know? It's pretty obvious where he hid it.. it's up to you, if you'd like me to spoil it. :)"
"Everything looks to be under control, carry on. I'm sure he'll be fine."
I've dropped turds that looked better than that hand. Here's hoping this mess doesn't defile our God-King TFB by touching him this weekend
"Keep us updated, brother. To update - they think my wife has a stomach virus and gave her fluids and something for the nausea. But they are not super thrilled with the baby's heart beat (it is apparently 'a little flat') and ordered an ultrasound. They said if the ultrasound doesn't look perfect they are going to recommend induction. Did not think this was where this was heading when we left for the hospital."
What the fuck batman is a bad driver XD
"Bohemia Interactive might, but the game will have goofy ARMA problems. full circle. But that would only happen when these 2 conditions are met: a. Comcast is still around and got bigger b. a developer is ambitious enough to release a sandboxed game modelled after a metropolitan with great details. Even Rockstar would be out of depth in this area"
True... more than likely though Roadhog wasn't their favorite person right then and there lol. Depending if they're friends... he might have done it on purpose lol
"Because then it wouldn't really be fit for this sub now, would it? Not abridged for time or self-censored for sensitive tv audiences? AND no Jay Leno being unfunny next to him? Why wasn't this posted instead?"
ecks dee lol upvoted for mew flair
Why Johnny gotta be black tho? Remember kids!
omg guyz I try now I stuck in cart WTF shooping cart lol wat
"What a fascinating and detailed rebuttal! Yeah, no."
"whew, thanks for taking those comments back man actually, I take back my previous comments. I hope no one who was non-racist was hurt nor killed."
"The hardest part about measuring Trump's package is sneaking a ruler into Chris Christie's mouth. Trump says jump, Christie asks how high?"
"Not asking for help, just bitching. Love these types of complaints when the complainer gives a vague response for help..."
Burrs Who gets the ball to start the half
I was waiting for him to put a gun in his mouth the whole time. Women really shouldn't do this
"Chineck ko ung twitter followers natin may nakafollow na clairebretana, sya kaya un haha UPDATE: Claire is a redditor!"
"not always You can use the two lane State highways if you don't want to pay tolls. I am serious, those roads are toll free."
"He committed sudoku People are so caught up in how ""short"" the EE is, that they fail to see the beauty of the ending here The seppuku ritual isn't something done to look cool. It is part of a samurai's bushido (his way of life, code of honor, something along those lines). A samurai does this voluntarily when he wants to die with honor, rather than at the hands of the enemy. In some cases, it's also a form of punishment for those who have brought shame upon themselves. In a way, Takeo 1.0's seppuku is both: he's trying to save the honorable samurai that he once was, by taking his own life, which has suffered for so long in a monstrous, shameful form. Another thing here is the choosing of Origins Takeo as the kaishakunin. Basically, he chose himself as his ""second"", the most trustworthy person to end his life. Once again, playing on the nature of seppuku here: Takeo would never want to die at the hands of the enemy. He has no family to turn to, and the only person that he could trust, the Emperor, sold him out to Division 9. So having another Takeo to do the job is the most fitting way to go. R.I.P. Takeo Masaki 1.0. A true upholder of the dying samurai spirit. You will be missed."
"Yup, this looks to be the new plan. Get Private internet Access VPN. Your torrents will thank you."
Have you ever sucessfully nosepick with your tounge? I can stretch my tounge all the way up over my nose tip....the lenght comes in handy in bed with the GF.
"thats basicly converting over to x nationality Well don't expect the Netherlands, Belgium or Germany to be very welcoming. Many natives don't like Turks and sadly not without good reason. To improve your chances of integration with the *native* population (and not be marginalized to hang out with the x-th generation segrated Turks) you should do the following: * Be able to speak the country's language flawlessly. A minor accent is permissible. * Don't be a (practicing) Muslim. At least avoid any signs that show you are a Muslim. Celebrating Easter and Christmas will score you bonus points, even with atheists. Try pork and alcohol. It will signal to the natives that you are 'moderate'. * Change your name from Halil or Mustafa to Hans or Erik. * Dressing business-casual will reduce socioeconomic prejudice. * Don't live in a Turkish neighborhood. * If you're a woman, don't wear a hijab. If you must, wear it like they do in Iran, although this might evoke disapproving looks from other Turks. Better to just leave it at home. * Don't hang a Turkish flag from your living room window. If the Turkish football team score a goal, definitely do not ride around your neighborhood in your car with the Turkish flag hanging out your window honking the horn incessantly. This is crucial."
This is the pack leader of all of the bike events you see in cities. I heard you like bikes..
"Or someone with another reproductive disorder, like PCOS. Or someone on a birth control method that allows one to skip periods entirely or only have four a year."
You can use it until you gather enough souls to boost another weapon above it damage wise. Did I make a mistake by using the Drake Sword? When do I ditch it and what for? I am just about to get into lower undead burg and I have been using the Drake sword but should I ditch it? what should I ditch it for? Did I make a mistake by using it at this point? btw Im a total scrub
I think it was what he was suggesting. I think it was what he was inferring.
How ztupid. That Zima was a good idea.
"Stop trying to make ARTPOP happen! Lady Gaga to NRJ France in regards to the 'Million Reasons' Music Video - ""It's coming out in the next couple of weeks. There's a little surprise with it and a twist."" What do you guys think the surprise is? Revival of the flying dress? Million Reasons Remix feat. Kendrick Lamar? Another Marina Abromavich demonstrational video?"
"Yeah, plus that kid Harvard University (out of DeVry) is probably going to knock Cartoons to 2nd string. Don't forget about Cartoons Plural from VT. He's been having a quiet yet productive season, but it's been overshadowed by this McCringleberry kid."
That's like having an engine that you detach rather than shut off. There are also many with no engine that get pulled up by another plane
"I was at American tyre and auto, 8 hour wait. Alright! I didn't know anti-anti-abortion protesters got out there. Too bad my car is waiting for it's tires to be swapped out. I would love to get over there and honk like crazy."
"The jealousy is strrrong bud Sorry, we're PC master race here."
"smh i can't believe u done dis smh Forgive me father for I have sinned, I had sex in missionary position with the soul purpose of procreation."
"Thank you I love you For your sense of humor and anti troll, you deserve a upvote. Well played."
"TFW mermaids wake you and you drown goddammit mermaids I was gonna go to the sawdust restaurant tonight for oyster shells, but noooooooo TFW rolling your trousers."
February 17th you'll get it I'm still waiting for it to come to mac...
"It is agile and small, just increase the size of your relative reference frame. A plane that size? I'm no planer or nuthin' but I don't see that thing making that many rotations from any height before you hit the ground upside down or on the nose if it even gets to that. No way. You'd need something agile and small."
Do they taste like normal cherry tomatoes? Yep you can also graft a cherry tomato plant onto a potato plant and get a Pomato plant.
"Obligatory ""Nintendo was founded in the 1800s"" This is a particularly fascinating one. Bringing in companies/organizations is another crazy aspect to this."
"Dat troll proportioning. 6'1"" and i hack my shit off to a 24"" inseam. suh dude."
TEST have titans? TEST TANK BEST TANK
"I was looking over some forums where there were posts about these drum table stereos and there were some comments saying they sounded better than expected. I bought an old console stereo of that same vintage, actually a bit older and bigger, it was a Magnavox I think. The innards- amp, speakers, etc, were all originally designed for a jukebox, in other words, heavy-duty specs and it was LOUD, with decent sound."
"Oh god I am dying here as you know that's exactly what he thought. ""2 strikes and need a single to win it? Fuck it full swing time"" - Khris ""Over the Mt."" Davis"
Maybe he blue screened It's the 28th now. WHO BROKE AUTOMOD?!!?! LETS GET HIM.
no Does My Dog Have Mites or Mange
"What a saint. Mother Teresa once wrote a judge pleading leniency for swindler Chuck Keating, who defrauded thousands of people for $250 million. Keating gave Mother Teresa $1.25 million of the loot. When a prosecutor wrote to inform her the money was stolen and that she should return it, she gave no reply. Ever."
Who wouldn't want to fondle boobs all day if you have to spend the rest of your life in a small cell? Gives her something to do.
Top kek! You can commision him to give specific speeches about stuff. He became a meme at some point because people made him say some pretty ridicolous stuff.
LOL THE WAY HE WALKED AWAY [*] rip T Enemy player model really messed up mid comp game
"Are we gonna forget ""You got the swag sauce, she drippin' Swagu"" It's an amazing song, but for me it's probably the worst verse off Ye's career, and I'm a stan."
"Oh ok, I didn't know that (never seen a spy use it in MvM) The YER also disguises when it back stabs a MvM robot, so we can take that with a grain of salt."
"YOU BOUGHT YOUR CLOTHES AT THE PORTLY GENTLEMAN USED CLOTHING STORE ""Who's fuckin' with my medicine?"" and of course ""Taaaaft, you FUCK."""
"Yes, they are all OCBD's. Those are some nice colors! All 3 are OCBD's, correct?"
"Seriously, ""When your with me, then everything's alright..."" Excuse me, I need a drink now... To The Moon hit me just as hard."
He made no comment other than being in Fremont surrounded by flocks of Model Xes. Did he comment on how the model X looks? Was he impressed?
"Thanks Obama So, the safety net is mostly used by red states, correct? When they rip it up, those people are gonna be homeless and starve to death? Ehh, fine."
Private Damage Major Damage?
but that's so vulgar! Or Vulgaria.
"And the US fined all those other banks in the past 6 years in anticipation? Yup of course, just so happened that both punishments are for nearly identical cash sums and complete coincidence that the charge against DB came just after the EU levied its 14B fine against Apple."
"I really wish they could find time to get back together and do another I&amp;G EP or even an LP. Isles &amp; Glaciers - Cemetery Weather. Vic Fuentes, Craig Owens and Jonny Craig = &lt;3"
"Did he actually say this? ""I'm a simple man. I like pretty, dark-haired women and breakfast food."" - Mike Pence"
"Do you know how many sandwiches aren't going to be made because of this stupid rote tradition? ""...a waste of time and bread"" Wish I'd thought of that line. Perfect."
"A con artist, wait that may not be an acting role for a politician. If Barack Obama went into acting after his term as President is up, what kind of role/film should he start playing? Put politics aside for this one; simply cast our commander in chief in a role you think he could quite possibly nail. Whether you like him or not, you have to admit - he's hella charming. Personally, I'd like to see him in a buddy cop movie."
The hivemind says it sucks so that must be the truth! yeah... what the hell is wrong with what does the fox say?
This should all be in his syllabus right? CHM116 Cabirac Final Grade
"Remember about the rules for announcements during the WS, so official word is going to wait until after it's over. PLS LET THIS HAPPEN BY THE POWER OF THE GODS. No Dusty pls stay away."
"With that logic, I'd still be playing years from now. I no longer *love* this game, and I won't spend anymore money on it. Still playing it because I'm not quitting until I get my fucking dragonite, and with the buddy system it's just a matter of time. Once I get my dragonite, that's it, I'm done, I'll go cold turkey."
This is the highest rated post I have ever seen...... Cat dunking
"It's a joke. Not really. She acknowledges that she has issues controlling her anger, and has no insecurity with expressing that anger on facebook."
"What an appropiate user name. I was never embarrassed playing Mario, or Pokemon, and I'm centuries older than you. ;)"
"Having worked on the circadian expression of mitochondrial proteins in mice, I can confirm that mice run like little Swiss ""coucou"" clocks... Not sure, but apparently small enough so that in literature, when they say that mice mated at midnight, how they ""know"" is by closing the lights at 8pm. Apparently it's the consensus on how to do it."
"Get this man a presidential office! Guys guys guys I know these comments are going to go political/economic but let me tell you one thing; if we stir up tension in the arctic circle, we're going to get power armor. Sooo let's let this one play out a little more."
DJT bout to catch these hands Give him the hands Joe!
"Nope we sure weren't I bet nobody was surprised, though."
"Yeah Arya. For Arya? (My first thought had been Alayaya, which would have been an odd choice even for the books, but then I remembered she wasn't in the show.)"
"MOTION SUPPORTED. Motion to change entire sub and flairs to Tom Brady in light of suspension reinstatement. Much like Steven Avery, Thomas Edward GOAT Patrick Jesus Brady Jr is innocent. I motion to the subscribers and moderators that we change the entire sub to a Tom Brady theme and all flairs to something TB12 related until this suspension is either served or lifted. Taking effect after the funeral of Ron Brace of course. Free Brady."
"As a rein main, this is the dream! Last possible frame Reinhardt charge then shield against dva ult"
Okay. Press the arrow to help the person do the thing.
"I can't tell who is crying harder, the babies being held by Don the Con, or the ConMan himself. Ten Poor Saps Were Stuck in an Elevator With Donald Trump Over the Weekend- Look At The Pic Tho"
What is your basis for assuming Louisville would have been better? Louisville would have just made more sense for the conference. WVU just turned out to be a re-skinned version of Baylor.......Not to mention there was the whole losing five consecutive games thing......
This is what you'll get He's like a detuned radio
"My butt would fall off If your belly button was a real working button, when you touched it, what would it do?"
"Why is Congress overwhelmingly red? Your logic stays true for states like Texas and the flyover states. Liberals there no longer feel their votes are wasted. If it goes to popular vote, Liberals still have a high chance of winning it. More people live in cities, cities go overwhelmingly blue."
"No Yo, Bobby Shmurda is some next level Lil B shit, right?"
"You're not familiar with the phrase, ""Give them an inch and they'll take a mile,"" are you? is it really that inconvenient for you to see an ad that is not obtrusive to you in any way?"
Please explain. The CIA is Cerberus!
"S(he)'s in denial, but truth can be a funny magnet. Yes, so don't complain ""I've said this before...."" when you're continuing the argument in both chains with the same person. If this sub is such garbage, why read anything from it?"
But that means she has responsibilities! Easy answer: Take your own damn pill too! Also make him wear a condom.
"Me too :( I enjoy it!... except lunges, I hate lunges"
Do the non-Police staff make up the majority of employees and have as much access as the police staff? Are the non-Police Officer staff of police stations in charge of upholding the law?
Oh no I didn't know I'm so sorry At least give it a week
"In the words of Justin Wall, ""Never rock a face hit"" Took my friends out for their first time"
"I don't get how people who claim to be freethinking atheists, who claim to understand emergent phenomenon like natural selection in biology find it hard to understand the same concept in trade. Atheist Apparently Doesn't Realize He worships the State as a Religion ""Newsflash: your mythical and venerated free market is about as real and about as possible as the second coming of Christ."""
"Lmao there is a complete lack of ""haters"" in this scenario Ignore the haters. Any specific routine? Or just a general PPL?"
"You can use the ""comment"" function to type notes on the PDF itself in Adobe Reader as well. Sounds like a good approach! Do you use any colour coordination or anything to help categorise it? Unfortunately, my lecturer provides the lecture slides as as a PDF rather than a direct PowerPoint. I'm going to post on the board and ask if there can be direct slides."
"I don't hang my clothes because I can't afford a dryer, I hang them because it's better for the clothes Being able to afford a drying machine is better than being too poor to afford a drying machine."
"Running iOS 7 looks like, at least an iPhone 4, possibly 4S. That looks like an iPhone -1g"
maybe not a longer delay for the m8 but maybe lower the damage slightly if anything Here's what needs to be changed and how to do it.
Buzlok homing beacon is now hitscan. Make a one sentence buff to a weapon/warframe/companion that would make it a whole lot more viable No run on sentences nor multiple power changes as in (500% more damage to all of Inaro's abilities).
Yep they are both owned by Progressive Enterprises. that's the logo used for Woolworths here in Oz.
"GOd I hope so, spent like 1.5 hours trying to find somebody to play yesterday, 2 out of the 3 people I found had shit for ping :( Is the SF4 Xbox online community better than PS3? I have SF4 for PS3, it's been very hard to get a game lately, the browser was always horrible, but either the browser has gotten worse or people just aren't playing it anymore. Has the PS3 SF4 community died already? Can anyone comment on the Xbox SF4 community, is the browser/matchmaking any better? I know xbox has a better online community in general but I'm asking for opinions from people who play the game or better yet had the opportunity to compare both systems."
"Also ""Donald, son of Fred, son of Frederick, true King within the White House."" Dont forget ""Slayer of Clintons"" ""uncucker of legends"" ""Meme Master"" ""Lord of Dank"""
"Yeah I'm in the same boat, not sure what the issue is but it's obviously not client side. Daily Objectives Broken or Bugged? I have had the same 3 objectives for over 48 hours now and all marked as complete. They just don't seem to be daily at all =/. Missing out on large cash bonus for no work :( Any fix?"
"Preorders existed in the past because there was an actual fear of the game running out before you try to buy them physically, but now the companies themselves already overstock so that does not happen and digital distribution is unnafected by that anyways. freddiew agrees: Is there a reason for preorders to exist anymore?!"
Moe played pro in GO Moe played pro in source as well. Would you say he can't handle FPL?
"Ermahgerd, pernis! Im sure he's gonna check and see if the man he's paying actually has a pernis."
GCSU ...What school...? There are a number of schools in the south in our conference.
"dwight powell wrote this? Dear Klay, I wrote you, but you still ain't callin' I left my cell, my home phone, and my reddit at the bottom I sent 11 letters back in autumn You must not've got 'em You were probably busy at a shootaround or somethin' Sometimes I scribble addresses too sloppy when I jot 'em But anyways, fuck it, what's been up, man? How's your father? My dad played basketball too, I wanna be just like 'em If I have a daughter, guess what I'ma call her? IDK, Regardless, her last name will be Thompson I read about your brother Trayce too, man I'm sorry I had a friend get traded over some team who didn't want him I know you probably hear this every day But I'm your biggest fan I even watched you at Washington State, you were the man. I got a room full of your pictures with the grey jeans, damn I like the shit you do with Steph too, that shit is cash Anyways, I hope you get this, and come smoke with me Just to chat, play FIFA, your biggest fan, dp"
Agreed. Please. Thomas Jefferson should be going to William and Mary and Edgar Allen Poe should be at UVA.
"^ Wow, nice"
"It's some weird healthier variety, I refuse to touch it. I don't even know what that is. But if it ain't Mt. Dew, it ain't right."
It's because they're pretty much copying WoW. Anyone else prefer the Dark gold of uniques over the orange lettering for the so called 'legendaries'
We're really gonna need a source on this one. Slightly trashy. Completely fucking hot.
"oh could I have a link to that? MSPaint the Ram wallpaper i already made, select ram move her over and then fill the area left behind with the background color"
My favorite movie Wolf of Wall Street That movie never ended.
"You're right, TIL, the Germans had about 30 tons of Tabun gas alone It's the opposite case - the Nazis had a monopoly on nerve agents and didn't used them because they thought the other side had more when they essentially had none."
"Maybe they will starve to death and rid us of themselves, the idiot primitives that they are. Christian group calls for 40 days of fasting to stop gay marriage. No mention of stopping haircuts, wearing clothes of mixed fibers, or eating shellfish."
I am definitely not an expert like some on here but I would say as long as they don't look like dress shoes and the jeans are nice it should look fine. I know you shouldn't wear Oxfords with jeans but some websites let you search by shoe type and some of the Oxfords that come up look super casual. Is there an exception to the rule or are these shoes not categorized properly?
"That or just ignore it You must be city folk. Just kill it, and go on with your day."
"Heh, I'm from Klausenburg (nowadays Cluj-Napoca), it's heart-warming to read about someone from across the ocean eating ""varza a la Cluj"". Yea, the US. My mom and her sisters still speak Soksesch (didn't know that's how it's spelled). But, like you, I only understand it. Yea, my mom makes a bunch of stuff from there, she made Klausenburger Kraut just last week. The Sachsen club around here makes a garlic sausage from the old recipes that we often grill up and have with palukes and kraut too."
"Are you coming to Carleton University anytime soon by any chance? Yes, both of my talks, and a panel discussion with the other speakers at the SFL conference will all be uploaded soon. I'll post the links as soon as I have them."
"Why not just make 10 the best, and then change the scale around that? Yeah, but Vega goes to 11."
Are people expecting the Pope to *condone* pedophilia? Pope Condemns Pedophilia Following Reports Of Child's Death
"Lol. I'm not surprised. I mean they are public servants, not royalty."
I wish we had one of those Having a beastly O-line is pretty neat.
"Someone has to breed these dogs.. unfortunately, at the moment, the wrong people are. Stop breeding PitBulls! I can only foster so many. Just, stop. Go to a shelter and look around, and then tell me it's ok to kill more of these beautiful dogs."
We have a club team? Good luck. Our club team opens the season against yall this fall
"Plot twist: the cat poisoned the girl's drink, but the guy picked up the wrong one... Are cats allowed to do that?"
Are we flooding the sub with shit posts? Dogaissance
But everybody in this thread is. But isn't the article comparing no insurance in US vs no insurance in Mexico? So it doesn't seem like it's trying to mislead people in that way.
"Beautiful. Two cars, one night (2012) - beautiful short flim"
"4.5, I'm mixed race, so I'm only half a white shitlord, although they got me on redditor, egalitarian, male, and brony I score 4/16 here, how about you shitlords?"
"Fair enough, just miscommunication I guess. Sorry, sarcasm doesn't translate well over text..."
"OP is kill Why isn't the serious tag default? There should be a ""Jokes"" tag, for when people want to make terrible attempts at jokes (also known as: referencing a TV show, likely on Netflix, because that's what most of you do), they can. And then the real threads will be untouched by jokes. Every joke is bad."
"It's not that I don't want that to be the case, it's just hard for me to imagine Arya killing like 50+ Freys without anyone else noticing first. I like to believe the latter. Hell, I hope she's pied and stewed the whole Twins, and be done with the Frey house once and for all. After all, a few houses have been decimated already, why not add the Freys to the list, amirite"
that's not what that means. Those are the tiniest cowl ears I've ever seen. I guess the guy's kind of a minimalist
"CNN ran something about black market sells of AK-47s (USSR surplus) a create was going for $400 US. * ""Gun shows have proven to have a correlation with crime"" In Colombine the guns used were bought at a gunshow. In the Batman shooting the guns were bought at a gun show. The big problem isn't in America. The Cartel buys the guns in El Paso TX at a higher mark up price. What they can't buy at a gun show they buy from people exiting the gunshow for upwards of $10k I live in El Paso and have seen this first hand. Mexico is also a great example why I am pro-gun. Citizens have a hard time getting a gun legally. As a result the cartel has them outgunned. * "" More manditory education for gun owners"" How is the irony palpable. Owning a gun is a responsibility, you should know what your state laws are. Texas (despite reputation) has a pretty decent record with making sure hand gun owners are educated. I've seen other states that are a joke when it comes to this."
You sound like a fun guy to play with. Quick Montage of Kills
Either an old Mercedes or a pickup truck. All my karma to whoever takes a picture of a car at 800813 miles
"I want to make certain this does not include Social Security and Medicare tax (deductions from our paychecks and what our employer also pays) If you were allowed to divide it up, how would you instruct the government to spend your tax payment?"
"As a flaming liberal... I'm sorry those guys make you look bad. Ah man. I am a conservative. This is literally the reason I don't go onto that sub. Too many crazies, man."
"You make it sound like they **must** confirm any and all of the President's nominees - in which case, why would the Senate be involved at all? The phrase is ""advise and consent"" not ""vet and confirm."" In either event, I don't see a ""not consent"" option in the Constitution."
Netflix needs a 'surprise me' button Choosing what to watch on Netflix is like looking in the refrigerator for something to eat
"Yeah because the best way to hire a good new offensive coordinator is to keep around a lame duck coach who is obviously going to lose his job one year from now Not a popular opinion, but I really hope Munchak comes back. We just need a new OC. If we keep Munchak, we keep Pollard. If you look on Jim Wyatt's Twitter page, Pollard clearly says he'll stay if Munchak stays. Pollard also makes a lot of other good points."
"My friend is having no issues, so it seems like a specific issue in my instance of the game. If it's just started or has only happened for a little bit, then it's probably just their servers. If it's consistent, then make sure your NAT is Open as well. Out of curiosity, are you in NA or the EU?"
"Shit posts all day, every day in r/cricket, but we are quite proud of that. What have other Sport subs done that seems to work really well with regard to them?"
"Surely you realize that not 100% of the information that is reported in the immediate aftermath of a chaotic, emotional situation is not entierly accurate? Because that is what the news networks were reporting for a while, until they switched tracks and decided that it was Adam Lanza's brother who committed the atrocities. And then they decided it was Adam Lanza. Plus there was the whole thing with the helicopter cams showing squads of officers of various offices chasing suspects. Who then subsequently disappeared. After the helicopters stopped broadcasting the chases."
"Yeah, it would be prudent to delete it. My apologies, I did not know that. I saw this on RT and one other news source, and this one seemed ok. Should I delete it?"
Low tide is the best tide Low tide smell is the best!
"It seems as though you're pumping the slot machine, and someone else comes along and pulls the lever after you've left. No joke, I have over 7,000 kills on those little furry bastards and I have YET to see one. Mention it in guild chat and a friend goes to TB and kills a single fox and it drops. I've farmed every pet that drops from mobs before this one but this one is just too much for me. I gladly welcome the new change of the TB vendors."
Is epic Mickey any good? Disney releases their games on Steam
"Greetings to your wife, and kerp up the good work! Wow guys I just voted twice today for Hillary! See guys I have two stickers as proof!"
Not with that attitude Well I can't argue with that.
A 90s hip hop band consisting of two child rappers who wore their clothes backwards and inside out. no clue who that is.
"Restaurant where I live called ""somewhere"" Where do you want to eat?"
Was the free market not responsible for a cheap alternative becoming available almost immediately? FUCKING JACKBOOTED NAZIS KEEPING THE FREE MARKET FROM PRICING GENERICS AT $1000 A PILL.
"I hope you guys are enjoying your 'achche din'. Jet fuel prices cut 12.5%, but slash in airfares unlikely"
You and me both bub I.... I missed something.
"That's heavy, doc. Because there is a problem with the earth's gravitational pull."
"I shorten my name, but shortening it the way I do is very common. Do any of you go by a western nickname? If not, what is your opinion of desi people who do?"
prolly cos you're the only region that takes it seriously. we dominate smash
"Read that as ""My friend died"" and saw someone laying down in the thumbnail. My friend and I did a three day trip on the OT trail/Taum Sauk trail in Missouri."
"Thank you! They said they're working on a lot of updates for the game, but how you see it now is how it will be at release."
"That isn't the problem people had with the films, it was what was in between the cinematography The prequels have superb cinematography"
Did you just admit that you'd be contradicting yourself if you answered honestly? Are you using Socrates' annoying method of trying to make me contradict myself?
"Leffler, Sadler, Kahne, and Jarrett In the 2005 Pepsi 400, Tony Stewart led 151 of 160 laps. Who led the other 9 laps?"
Montreal is in Quebec which is 18 so she was fine to drink there Yeah the club appearance was at Montreal so you think thats the difference?
"I was waiting at the lights on my bike once and this guy next to me in a car just flicks his ciggie butt out the window right next to my foot, I should have said something. I once saw a guy drop a ciggie butt 1m from a bin and I said to him ""there's a bin just there"" as I pointed to it. He immediately confronted me calling me a smartass and wanted to fight me. so yep. Pick your battles carefully. There's some real psychos out there."
Boobs usually do the trick. I'd like to think that I'm speaking for a lot of guys when I say I her bio is not really the determining factor between a swipe right and a swipe left.
"OOC: PACMAN DON'T CARE, PACMAN EAT. OOC: BECAUSE I SAID IT WAS"
*according to the US District Court for the Northern District of Ohio /mutters something about headline activism TIL parental refusal of vaccination is child neglect
"You da best &lt;3 Removed. You're obviously here to stir up trouble, not have an actual discussion."
"""Show me what you got!"" Russian car park"
"I was honestly expecting a lot more of these on here today. ""Nice Guy's""TM New Year's Resolution (X-post from r/justneckbeardthings)"
"I'm sure they are, but they want to be able to use their name and get money off of it, they want better education, and most importantly, they want to be taken care of in case of injury. I would maintain that players should be proud of how much money they generate that the college can invest into education (assuming it gets properly invested into education and not the coach's and administrators' salaries is another issue entirely), and happy with their payment in scholarships and fringe benefits. Considering they're not all destined for the NFL, their college education is a pretty important part of their future income potential for the rest of their lives."
"and buy the Flying Circus box set. And start them in chronological order, just saying."
rip Thanks Valve I got 5 LP games because dota2 keep crashing. SeemsGood take me back to 6.88
"Spaceballs. If Netflix offered to fund and produce the movie sequel of your choice, what would it be? The answer's Crank 3 btw."
Can I get a plate tho? Whole family were no-shows. This was our Thanksgiving for 3.
Worlds smallest article on the worlds smallest petrol engine Worlds Smallest Petrol Engine - I want V8 in my laptop.
Shallow What would you be labeled as?
AWW HELL YES MY FUCKING CHILDHOOD UP IN THIS BITCH! Nerd3 Completes... Destroy All Humans! Part 1
Shots! I don't really mind thatanimesnob.
So beggars just get to die if they can't make it to the shelter. And discourages begging
"I would also recommend psycho pass Well, not all of these are really mind blowing, but they at least come close. I wrote short descriptions of them, not too much. {Colorful} A dead person has to live as someone else {Gankutsuou} A count befriends a young man {Little busters!} and {Little busters!: Refrain} A group of highschoolers living highschool life and solving problems {Psycho-pass} The police are catching criminals {Shiki} People start dying in a village {Steins; Gate} The MC is into madness, science, and hot fruit"
"EVE online is built on stackless python.. Far from ""concept-only."" Yes, you are indeed trying something very difficult, and Python isn't making it any easier. DarkMarket was perfectly justified in using Python because they were at a hackathon and needed to produce a proof of concept ASAP, which Python is ideal for. The decision to continue using the original prototype code base was a poor one IMO, but I wish the team the best of luck."
I didn't know people pinky promised each other after the age of 12! You are too old to have this kind of drama. Find some people with adult ideas about relationships
"If you become the new Mark Zukerburg, I'll be back... I'm stealing this.."
"Cheap housing easily becomes ghettos, but ghettos are also a kind of concentration camp where people get trapped. Actually, this will most likely decrease actual poverty in the long run, as it stops poor communities from developing a fatal mindset. Children will go to school with other, not poor children etc. Poverty is best spread out and not accumulated in one area."
How was it with the rice tho? Haven't had it enough to say tbh. Had it once in some Greek diner in the baltimore. Similar to shwarma in a laffa but the laffa was just way too thick and the meat was kinda dry. 6/10.
Is that Pat Mullins in the corner? Ayers Rock (Uluru) - Northern Territory - Australia 4928x3264
"UK seems to be the only country to say Kosovans. Dammit IBTimes, it's *Kosovars*"
"There is more mercury in a single piece of tuna sushi than in one vaccine.... It was removed from paediatric vaccines, but the CDC immediately added the flu shot to the schedule. Each shot contains 25 micrograms of mercury. Other vaccines are allowed to say they are preservative free, but can still contain up to 1 microgram."
"Goldeen evolves in to Seaking! Soon after that, it evolves into Gyarados."
"Hammond before and after a night of drinking, here is your future now. I can see it."
"lol Whats up scarce, guys here"
Free Company ... How do you find these people? I haven't succeeded in getting ANYONE on my server to talk to me yet. FFXI was much more social.
"Which is retarded. Because if you haven't clicked on the video first, when you hit the space bar it scrolls down instead of pausing."
#AND HIS DAD WAS A MAILMAN #b-b-b-but he balanced the BUDGET
So I can activate with T-Mobile then cancel it? One of the rules of the Apple program is you must activate on one of the big 4 at the time of purchase. This is non negotiable.
"it should just go to a gif that says ""i dont believe you"" from anchorman Advertisement"
"Yeah, that's not funny. I wear a hijab and this is my Halloween make-up for this year calling it ''Halal-ey Quinn''"
"The death Star wasn't built in a day, he'll come eventually 1 year into the game, and still no Jedi Luke. Anyone getting restless? I don't even feel like I'm beating a dead horse with this because it's crazy that I've been playing this game for almost an entire year and yet the main hero of Star Wars isn't in the game yet. Ironically they call it Star Wars Galaxy of **HEROES** but they fail to include the biggest hero tied to the franchise (inb4 tattoine luke with the bb-gun counts, because he doesn't count). I've seen this talked about a few times with in the year but i'm still in shock. He's on the home screen of the game for crying out loud. What do you guy's think about this? Is anyone else annoyed that this is being strung along? *INB4 He'll be here in August*"
Maybe OP told his wife to not let him check work email often to relieve stress? Why did you have to ask your wife permission to check your email?
There is literally NO sexy way to hack up a hair while you're making the sexy time with your girls.....girl parts... [](/lol)
"Hey slicked, what's up? Hey smiths!"
"I was happy that it was one of the few times in modern American horror that they didn't wuss out on the ending. The ending of ""The Mist"" was pretty depressing."
You can get a map that will show you where all the trucks are located when you get to the entrance. should post a pic of your truck so we can find it
"dream on brotha, dream on. I have a dream where people will not misspell words in their pictures"
"I mean, if I remember correctly Forza 5 starts you off with a selection of *modern sports cars* Previous titles you had to rock that econobox for the first few championships People who want everything all at once need some sort of arcade mode so they can play with everything at once That's exactly it. There is no racing career anymore. There is absolutely no progression. Instead, there are a thousand different styles of events, which would be great if they were flushed out a bit. If you only want to race GT cars in career, here you go, but you only get these six events total, with no championship or points. Want more? Do exactly the same ones again. If what we've seen for FM6 is anything to go by, Forza is no longer a racing game. (Yes, I know that there is racing in Forza. That's not what I mean.) Forza has become a publication, a virtual magazine where you can experience the cars nearly firsthand. While this is wonderful, it lacks a career. Thank God the online options, combined with sites like IFCA or TORA, allow us to create our own championships."
Yeah... I would watch that show. The Simpsons goes full blown 80s in the latest couch gag.
"Suddenly, eating a fresh 6"" sub takes on a whooooole new meaning. Federal, state agents raid home of Subway spokesperson Jared Fogle as part of a child porn investigation"
Boycott the the NYT out of business. NY Times's bank-sponsored blog defends the SEC's destruction of 17 years of documents on investigations into bank fraud and Ponzi schemes
Hahahaha. Bath time for bunny
Lemurs? Feeding the dark ones
"please don't use the Minecraft portal texture pack cores in the real game While trying to figure out an original mechanic for Project: Aperture, I made a little animation for when GLaDOS appears in your room."
shh is okay Thanks bby
Yeah Yeah.
"The Krazy just stands for Krazy expensive Superglue. Last time I bought a small tube of KrazyGlue for $3.49, it came out at over $821 per pound."
"So based on previous performances, we want the Panthers to get up for the next 2 games right? Qualifying Final - Storm vs Cowboys | Post Match Discussion Thread |Qualifying Final| |:-:| |[](/#mel-h)[](/#nql-a)|"
Easy peasy: Hide it in .rar in some random game folder What is the best way to hide your porn folder? I just wonder what's the best way to hide a porn folder. (or any folder) How do you hide yours?
"Plot twist: The cat sends the burning candle flying, so you catch the burning candle, the cat and phone, only to stumble and land on a unicycle, so you juggle the cat, the phone, and the candle whilst riding a unicyle....could happen. My cat jumped up onto the table, not knowing I had a lot candle up there. I freaked and accidently threw my phone into the air. I caught the cat mid air, and caught my phone, screen side up."
"Sorry, Nisha... Jesus, Kuu. Savage."
"I was thinking Dice,Unreal / Crytek It's a shame that so many crappy games use the Unreal engine. Heaven: Valve or Epic Games Hell: Sonic Team"
Maybe the democrats should have explained their platform instead of calling anyone who dared to question them a sexist racist xenophobe. It would be nice if they looked at the Democratic platform before deciding that.
"I mean, that happens in a normal game too, and I don't have trouble with it... Then you actually jump out as Pilot D.Va and cry yourself to sleep because you're the only one without abilities.."
cool! It's a 2008 cbr600rr
It's also better as more people will subscribe because it's a better option if you want all the Monstercat music The pricing change makes it so much easier for me to afford. That's great :)
"Because it implies he wants to eat her, and cannibalism really creeps people out! Humans find other humans attractive. I know, I know, it's scary and disgusting, but it's true! Some humans even use adjectives to describe that attraction. It's insane! I truly don't understand why saying someone looks ""delicious"" is creepy. If they said she's ""beautiful"" or ""ugly"" would that still have triggered your creep-gun? I'm pretty sick of this trend of spotting a male (or female!) doing normal male (or female!) things and it being called ""creepy"". The girl in the picture is attractive. The OP thought so, and so do a lot of other people. Nothing creepy about it. Get over yourself."
"""Here's another picture of Bailey's but a little closer."" ""You wanna have some Baileys?"""
"1.3 is really high for nickel, are you sure it's not .13? iStick 40w questions I saw some post on this, but not with my tank. I have the TC 40w with a herakles sense running the nickel coils and when I put in a new coil it's only reading at 1.3 ohms. Is this normal all the time? I got this mod on advice from the guy at the shop bc I had recently purchased my tank and wanted to keep it, but after I had to school him on the difference in the coils and basic ohm laws when I still barely understand them myself, I realized his opinion probably wasn't the best. This is my first TC, I'm new to the vape world, so sorry for the simple question. Would using the other coils and VW be better in the end?"
"Congrats man! I did it!!!! I did it!!! It was the perfect BB session.i didnt attack anything all day, i just logged to check for diamonds. 1.5 hour before the OP reward arrives i boost my TD masterpiece,all RR statues (+175%) and i attack dr terror.i clear level 9, i clear two PvP and two npc for the extra few thousand iron needed. i didnt even have to use the OP resources. I spent only 20 diamonds to replace the meds so i didnt have to wait too long. I am excited i thought it would take me much longer to be able to upgrade and probably use all my diamonds... Cant wait for the extra LC and the extra defences (yeah right). I remember when i was stuck around hq9 and thought it was so hard! Dont give up keep attacking and be patient!!"
"Sure have lol, even hard to get those. Did you settle for AP / AR? I know a bunch of my accounting buddies started in AR / AP."
"I mean, the police violence probably has a little more to do with hate than pokemon go tickets... Fuck those cops, this is why everyone hates them. It also shows why you should run from the cops, because the honest ones that stayed got the tickets. Everything about this is unacceptable."
"""B-But Russian hackers intervened"" Convenient excuse for a party and their media lackeys who lost an election after pressuring the other side beforehand to accept the election results no matter what. Robby Mook: Trump benefited from Russia 'intervening in the election'"
Isn't that the movie where they used CGI to reduce the size of her breasts? You are assuming anyone actually watched the version with Lindsey Lohan.
"Viticulture is amazing and with **Tuscany: Essential Edition** coming out next month, it's good to get acquainted to this game. One of the biggest would probably be **Lords of Waterdeep**. One of the *best*, IMHO, would be **Viticulture: Essential Edition**."
"put a dual wield on him and you'll break the game Jesus, the power creep is insane."
#what? ^^^You ^^^can't ^^^lock ^^^up ^^^the ^^^Diggle
BOFA DEEZ NUTS! BOFA
"Usually i like old concept cars, bjt this one is kind of ugly. El Tiburon Roadster 'Shark' (1962)"
This should be on r/upliftingnews Playboy model charged over locker room 'body-shaming' image
"Better to come now before it gets worse Is it safe to bring an American high school group to PH? I've been planning a trip to the Philippines for over a year now for this upcoming December. I'm a high school teacher, and I'm bringing a group of 14 students to my family's hometown in Iloilo to work on an elementary school that is really struggling right now. We'll be spending about 2 weeks in the hometown and two days in Manila at the end. Obviously, many parents have been concerned with the safety issues of the trip, but since I've visited plenty and am going with my mom who is from the Philippines, I had no worries. However, with the very anti-American rhetoric that Duterte has been spouting and the terrifying official announcement today, I can officially say that I am worried. What do you guys think? Should I be concerned, or should I still be excited to share this wonderful country with my students?"
"pretty sure the 50 cent wells are keeping the bar scene alive... Pictures of her are the only thing keeping the bar scene in Denton, Texas alive."
It would be for profit Are you doing this as a business or as a friend?
"Depending on condition, I'd say $100-130 Anyone have any clue what the going rate for the following card is: ASUS DirectCU II Radeon R9 280 3GB"
"From time to time living in Europe turns out to be very convenient, yeah. sleep"
"Chrome, chrome does. who needs 6000 gigabytes of ram?"
"I'm here to drink milk and kick ass, and I'm all out of... oh, wait. My step-dad is convinced he was the coolest guy in the 80's"
"Sir, is this craft registered ? Somehow he will still get a speeding ticket"
"I've played the game myself and beat all the routes There's no reason this game should be capped at 30fps 2 features have been stripped from akiba's strip PC version How about this, stop circle jerking about 60 FPS. Unless you understand the game mechanics completely then you have no room to get preachy. Maybe you would seem like less of a tool if you focused on the game and the experience instead of the numbers and hype."
"...and then when some lose their tax-exempt status and still won't comply, they will be subjected to other forms of coercion. Personally, I think that there will be a push to make churches perform gay marriages. It probably will not be immediately, but I think that some will insist that if churches refuse to perform marriage ceremonies for gay couples, they should lose their tax-exempt status."
I'll tell you in 4 years. What do you wish you knew at age 30?
"If you're an audiophile that's serious about the performance of your turntable system, then you should probably own some test records for calibration and measurement. What is one album that every audiophile should have in his/her collection?"
That guy looks like he parties When you accidentally open the front camera
"it would be just as nice if they didn't have that 5"" divot on the bottom so you don't get jipped half the bottle. You know what would be nice? If Honest Tea products cost $1 everywhere they were sold."
dent it back with a hammer. Aaron commented above. The gas tank was dented. It popped the fuel pump out and made it impossible to put back in.
"suppressed memories perhaps? I'm the same, not an abuse victim"
Maybe good? Not good.
"Haha that's fair, it is an important distinction between the two and you're correct. Yes, because of the additional development time, not because of the lower exposure. :)"
This exactly. One of the best parts was the Swamp at night. It goes from a dark creepy place with a bunch of hostile monsters to a surreal wonderland and now the monsters are 10 times as powerful but completely passive.
"DragonBall, B. Good looking out, Ja! Even Shenron couldn't grant me the new joints"
New system: anybody wears what anybody wants How would you fix the uniform numbering system
Really good photshop or bug? When your clan so empty it has minus online players
Isn't he retiring after this season? Rusty will like switch back next season so it's not TOO big of an issue.
I feel like I'm missing a joke? Anyone Interested in Some Didlos?
Show us how your frame is strong and you're in control again. Isn't troll a class in world of warcraft? That game you play 24/7 resulting in low T and no confidence? lmk just curious son ;p
nt favela Why forsen will never become a pro in OW Because his aim is dogshit
Watching women squirting. What fetish are you ashamed or embarrassed to admit you enjoy? Why?
"just curious, for stereo-typing purposes? Sounds to me like she's better off without parents like that anyways. Great values they're teaching their kids. What nationality are they if you don't mind me asking?"
"So edgy I hope that works because I get rather tired of my neighbour putting up a sign saying ""Christmas is about Jesus."" I really want to put up a sign saying ""Christmas is about the winter solstice. Jesus stole it because he is a dick"""
yea the hero is pretty much exclusively aoe Note the win rate against MEEPO
"i dunno, i can't imagine him being a good actor This would be the best show.."
"aw .. one happy family? new han, leia, ren, rey images"
"She got through the primary debates fine, and that was only a few months ago. They are gonna have to pump her full of so many drugs to be able to get through the debates... She might as well just blow down lines of coke on the stage"
Get McKissinger on the line. Well Spiro McAgnew isnt here.
Someone suggested to Nelson add the Trello Trees Was it you?. TREES
10 dollars. ...and if you live in New Orleans?
"I spy a Lil Dicky reference? Thanks for asking a question that is obviously the most important one for you all to assist me, and sorry for not stating that in my post. I'm 5'11 ( 6'0 on Tinder ) and a touch under 160 lbs. I was 149-153 during my cross country and track career, but since have began lifting and biking more, so I'm much stronger. I'd like to be able to continue to run under 17:00 in a 5k, 35:00 for 10k, and to be competitive in triathlons ( have yet to compete in one, but you get the point ). Just to be an overall fit guy. I love exercising."
"I CRAI SOMETYUMS WHEN IAM LYEEN IN BED, JUSTA GETTIT ALL OUT, WAS IN MY HEAD! And I try OH MY GOD do I try."
"Magnets as souvenirs from all the different cities and countries we get to travel to from not spending money on diapers and formula. Single people and couples that decided to not have kids...what's hanging on your refrigerator? I just realized of the 184 things on our fridge, everything is related to our kids...schedules, forms, permission slips, appointment cards, birthday invites...I forgot what our refrigerator looked like before kids."
"""Hey, what if everything was like the Red line?"" Metro floats cutting service for the Green, Yellow, Orange and Silver Lines"
"*3/5's* I prefer ""African American non divine shadow-non-person"""
"yeah, it's a joke in wich europe believe, italy are still waitng for Regeni's truth This just an example of how a joke the current Egypt regime is. Gifting such strategic pieces of your country ""just to show gratitude""!"
"of course you are getting double teamed by both factions, every faction is &lt;.&lt; Esamir sucks, here is why. Devs pls"
But Early Open Beta bruh! I'll buy and play until BF 1 comes out.
"Old version of FreeBSD to the rescue! Good luck putting on a version of linux that doesnt come preinstalled, with a 433mhz CPU, 256MiB RAM, 1024MiB ""hard drive"" Flash"
*Slow clap* Her face is too pushed in looking. She's like the human equivalent of a Persian cat.
"because part of the contract we sign with the insurance company states that we cannot charge more to patients with insurance. How much are they docking you? I'll tell you what..If I knew way back when what I know now I would have never opted for it. Example. Dentist near my work with insurance resin composite 1 surface is $165 Without insurance another equally skilled dentist charges $120. More expensive dentist in my view is charging more to then make it look like it comes down a bit once my ""insurance"" settles part of it..But in the end it averages out..Difference is no insurance cash patient wouldn't have been spending 25-30 a month x 12..I'd have an extra $360 a year to put towards dental treatment costs. Example treatment from a few years back. $1270 total..Insurance picked up a few hundred and I paid balance of $800...The year of insurance cost me $360 so really I'ts like $1160 for a net savings of a whopping $110 This other dentist cash with same everything would have been $870 without me shelling out the $360/year.. I get that dentists have to jump through hoops and that might make them charge more but why not be honest about it? Why not say..""hey..Insurance sucks..I charge more with insurance because it is not fun to deal with..Why don't you dump your insurance and we'll work out something on a cash basis"""
"Really, I guess you missed the gigantic thread about 22 Minutes horrible attempt at humour? The difference is that that doesn't actually happen. The false accusations are actually happening."
"so yes. No, he left it on the rack at the bottom of his cart so that the cashier wouldn't see it."
"Carr, Ezekiel, Brees You have to hand in your top 3 MVP votes today, your order is? I personally want to see the consensus. I haven't been watching much of the whole league so I would like to see for curious reasons. arguement for each player if you want as well."
"it's gone from a newspaper covering both sides of an issue into an advocacy rag. You knew the NYT had gone full retard when they started reporting the Ellen Pao fiasco as a pro ""Women in Tech"" topic. It has been all down hill from there"
"If you live in a common wealth country or former common wealth country it is what you do :) Freaking loved the place tho.... Well London anyways, Liverpool was .... interesting. Fair enough, I just wasn't sure if there were any actual reasons haha."
Librul media. The cartoons my 2 year old niece and nephew watch have been startlingly silent on the topic as well.
Atheism flies into your subreddits. Atheism flies you into subreddits.
It's all fun and games till someone takes a Ben Wah ball to the face. Two words...Butt. Plugs.
Oop fair point. It says most likely in the question.
I'm going too vote as many times as they'll let me. Get to the polls peeps!
"I'm a yes, but James Kelly's headlines do make me cringe a bit sometimes :D He's better in the meat of the texts though. Scot goes pop!: Yes vote surges to 49% in earth shaking new TELEPHONE poll from ""Gold Standard"" ICM"
"don't ever become someone's wife or milf, there are enough of those here and you look way better than them. irst time poster - be gentle!"
"Yeah, there would be a huge rise in the number of PF locations and their pizza days. Except Planet Fitness apparently."
"Yeah considering my 2200+ base score only netted me 4th in the last contest they did for this and that required a nail biting close game were I was 1 v 2 CVs at the start and barely won I can't imagine what the winner who scored over 2500 did. Pretty sure this carrier will likely be available to everyone as a premium. I wouldn't say T4 is the easiest to play. Getting an extremely high base XP with T4 carriers is actually very challenging. Even more so since all the best of the CV players will be playing, counteracting each other. Maybe if MurphyVonMauler is lurking he can put his two cents in..."
You should have seen the staircase.... (J^k^^it^^^was^^^^empty) All we need now is frost traps and barb wire for some garage tower defense action
It's not grass... Watching the Sox at Rays right now. What's up with the outfield grass?
"Tax collectors If cashiers are the NPCs of life, then what professions are the heroes/villains etc?"
"200KiB memory, so not in all dimensions. So he found something using more resources than Chrome then?"
This is the DNC reminding you of a real democrat Mario Cuomo and how they don't make em like they used to anymore. 2016 Democratic National Convention -- Day 1
"Shit, Mariokart 9 looks awesome. Crazy go-kart street racing"
Emperor's new groove a man becomes a llama then becomes a man
Already have Platinum Be sure to grab Soul Silver too for those exclusives. And maybe Platinum for Safari Balls!
"Hockey fan so I'm a bit biased but Tyler Seguin and Jaime Benn are pretty high on that list, also Chris Pratt ever since he got in shape for guardians, and I can't forget huge Jackman Straight men of reddit, who are some of your biggest man crushes?"
"yeah, I think a better option is a money order. We're back to 2010 style cash by mail again I guess."
"Are you familiar with Paul Perilo? ITT Russell Wilson, Carson Palmer, Tannehill, and Flacco are not ""worthy starting QBs"""
"I wouldnt be too worried, I don't see Acer winning anyway :\ I was going to but completely forgot :("
Winning doesn't mean much if you're dead. How the hell is infection relevant to the immediate danger of a gun duel? The winner isn't decided about who dies a week later.
D) has a fetish of public mustard humiliation You could also go with the standard package of: A) On drugs B) Is crazy C) Both I think that applies for most things in this thread.
Religion. I think I might at first stay by them if I wasn't sure but the evidence here is staggering. You can't defend this people and be a decent human.
"So what about identical twins? Ignoring practical issues like being able to brace the wounds together for the weeks it'd take to heal, you would have to go beyond just matching blood type--the two people would need matching HLA haplotypes or else each person's immune system would try to reject the other person's tissues. (There may be ways around this, for example if each person were put on immunosuppressants.) Perhaps it could happen with identical twins, whose HLAs would be perfect matches."
You were that asshole! There were these giant chinese knockoffs that used heavy metal. I would bring them to school and obliterate my friend's shit plastic ones.
"It's random, but there will be other non-random ways to get them Eventually^TM , so you can wait for that if you're patient. How does one actually get a precursor? I'm new to the game and would love to get the precursor for the rifle. So If I wanted to do that I'd have to forge a bunch of rare rifles? How does it work? can u elaborate plz?"
"Best way to play :) Started this account in February I think, still no 99s though but I'm pacing myself by doing stuff I enjoy and not trying to force skilling/levels on myself"
Saw that coming a mile away... Helicopter landing
"And a lot of shitty geocities websites I get the feeling many young people today imagine it like the internet as we now know it sprang up overnight. In reality, before e-commerce and social media, it was a fairly decent news outlet, email and AOL instant messenger. It only very slowly became much more."
Seeing as Wikipedia is more accurate then the encyclopedia Britannica I'd count it as a good source. So you're calling me uninformed WHILE quoting a Wikipedia page? Do you go to Colin Cowherd for your sports opinions by any chance?
"Oh jeez, it was just a joke. Can you do one where you fuck off into a void? That should be bodacious."
Walk in a straight line until you can see him stop and throw hook then immediately begin moving perpendicular to the hook. How do you dodge Pudge's hook? I fucking hate it.
Fuck off with the onions ^^I'm ^^actually ^^just ^^a ^^pussy Getting a little choked up re-watching this shit
Hahaha friends kayo nila coffee? No. Haha.
"You realize we just made it to cable television right? unless for some reason a shit ton of people decided to play csgo after the game has already been out for 4 years and hit big milestones, there is no reason why csgo will grow. it might spike in playergrowth/viewership for short-term periods, but it wont peak like it already has. if you dont agree with me then so be it."
"I'm late, but my last name is Duck. Do you have an infamous last name, and how do you deal with it? I was really wondering if there still is someone named Hitler around."
"Tell me more about how you are an expert in every field ever. Literally every point made here is false and demonstrates a poor understanding of economics, sociology, and psychology. Smart guy, no good at these 3 things"
"I won't lie, I have taxed the shit out of my kids tonight. Parents who take candy from their kids on Halloween are really just introducing them to the idea of ""taxes""."
While on a business trip to Vietnam in '07 I did a similar thing. Rim it
"I mean the new Mgla, Satan, and Iron Maiden hype trains are already going at full force. I think we are going to have to hold a hype counsel to budget the amount of hype allotted to each sector quarterly. First of all we need a hype commissioner followed by a meeting room preferably with a table for coffee."
"yeah it apparently wasn't just one you don't have as I just got another slayer card... the reward said a pack containing an earth character you dont already have, i believe. so yes, specific to this week. sort of like the week where they had both packs give you an n7 weapon."
"Sometimes I get the impression from this sub that, ""If you don't watch every single piece of MCU footage then you're a filthy casual"" I've always had this feeling in this sub that if someone doesn't watch AoS or Daredevil or Agent Carter or Jessica Jones, and if they so much even mention it in their post, then they will be deemed unworthy and a filthy casual. This comment about sums it up."
"Yes this is what I was thinking I've always wanted a feature of Splatoon where there's a separate part of play (like turf wars) but in order to join in, the game will randomise your gear and weapons for you. So everyone in that lobby will be using a random weapon (from what they own) and random gear (from what they own). I know there's a fanmade randomiser but then you'll be the only one with a random weapon etc. D: If the entire lobby had weapons they're not used to and potentially gear that doesn't even help, I think it could lead to hilarious matches aha. Or the game might inadvertently help you find the freshest-looking outfit! hahaha!"
"He didn't, but in the video he reaches for his waistband right after the police officer shows up. How do you know the kid pointed the gun at the police officer?"
Do you honestly think there's a 5 percent chance he'll get the nomination? Such a strange thing for them to do. They're supposed to be in the know type of people. They should realize he's something like a 20-1 dog to win the nomination and his chance of winning the presidency is a fraction of a percent. Why would they put themselves out there like this for no reason?
"It was the typical ""Incurable Cough of Death"" trope that you see in so many books, shows, and movies. What disease? (Yes I read manga) I must have missed something"
"Fire sale, and 'Near Death Experience' We all went down in the teleporting glitch to the boss fight, and would be ducked without this amazing GG Your recommended GG setup for Revelations EE? Title says most, but just for reference I have most gobblegums, but no more perkaholics. I'm looking to do the EE so if you guys can give advice that'd be awesome."
It would also feel like your back is being raped over every bump. Also no strong sidewalls so the steering would feel like mush.
"You posted this at the time of 2 threads regarding Evolve being on the front page, come on man. SIB Evolve if I'm playing by myself My friends probably won't end up buying it. is it really fun or just a mediocre game?"
Neither does murder or rape. I don't think anyone should be disenfranchised from voting. It doesn't seem to hold up to the American ideals.
sure it'll absolutely be older voters fault if we get trump since they nominated the candidate under fbi investigation with record high unfavorables that even democrats don't like. And you also said it's their fault if we get Trump... Blaming someone else as usual.
"Hooters, bw3, they should be playing it I live in West Toledo, I'm hoping to find somewhere that'll play it over the speakers not just silently in the corner."
Maybe they are being honest for a change. Happy birthday horrible chief minister!
Teague will help us to the promise land. :D
"Sure...i don't care anymore No. On the one hand we have the Republicans who think its specifically Islam (as opposed to all religions) that are the problem, and who favor solutions that will make the problem worse. On the other side we have progressives who assume that if its a non-white minority in the US, its an identity that should be protected from bigotry universally, and deny that religion, especially Islam is fundamentally opposed to liberalism. So we neither protect ourselves or are capable of addressing the root ideological problems, all while giving money to the enemy."
"It can't download anything that isn't loaded on your client. i was going to comment that your computer would explode if you tried this, but apparently i was wrong. well meemd sir."
That's because the update came out before you joined. TIL You can hold shift while drawing on the minimap to see an estimated travel time. Three months of playing and somehow I never learned this.
"We're all pinball wizards now. Of course it's the Soldier 76 bringing us that old-school knowledge. I had no idea what the origin of tilt was, thanks!"
Straight outta troop 213 He's wearing a boyscouts uniform.
Master rice rice master racing
"Good riddance, not writtens. The guy was a terrorist, I say good writtens."
Source on your sources? Source? Thanks.
Could be for sure. Maybe they're priced similarly.
incorrectly used dank memes? I'm your brother???
k den DOING COKE WHILE HAVING SEX (Craaazy Life Story)
"Ahhh, I can see that. I keep reading your name as lilly"
"As an Eve player, I'd happily slap this sticker on my car. Awesome Bumper Sticker"
By the holy light! ~~My apologies~~ Astounding!
"UFC planned it, so they should get credit That's a epic picture. Give the photographer props and put his or her name to the title. Esther Lin seems to be only one who ever gets named."
"I dunno, our basketball team seems to be doing pretty damn well this year. Cleveland fans aren't winning anything anytime soon."
"bye It's because of the breitbart criclejerk on KiA. I wish OP brought that up, it's one of the main reasons why I don't come here much anymore."
A+ commentary by buck and pat too I haven't laughed that hard in a long time
"yeah, a concede option Is there any solution to this? Banning fountain kills clearly isn't the answer, but in games like this it's problematic."
"Even with i170 and some i180 solo healing Ravana wasn't hard. Yeah, most good tanks will out-dps the kind of DPS you find in DF/PF every day of the week. I would take a tank who knows their rotation always over a DPS who doesn't. This run is only interesting in so far as it was solo healed, which is also not terribly challenging nowadays with gear."
well... you tried Me have same issue. Me take car to mechanic. He tell me I need new hole to put feet through. Tells me it costs 3 mastodon pelts. Me bonk him on top of head with club and go back to cave.
klayyyyy lmao Klay Thompson's Signature shoe Unveiling
"So you disagree with Sanders? Don't worry, I won't. But like hell I'll vote for Hillary."
"Never noticed that, I usually just shoved about 20 scientists onto one project and then switched to the next until I'd upgraded everything. Research question I noticed that it seems like having too many engineers on one project has diminishing returns. Is research the same way? Lets say it takes 10 scientists to make a project ""excellent"". Does adding another scientist do anything at that point?"
"Baez is a smarmy bastard, but he did a good job considering. Yeah...when you're hearing bits and pieces through the media, it seems like the defense was just grasping at straws. I watched the whole trial, and I have to say, the defense had a lot more on their side that anyone gave them credit for. Baez may have been green, but he had natural raw talent on his side and was incredibly charismatic. The defense had no issue destroying the state's case. Maybe she's guilty, but the evidence they presented was *very* flawed. There were a lot of aspects of the case that we didn't get from the news."
Commodore 64 VST plugins**** I love this! How do you make those midi sounds? Want to use them in my music.
"Autism is a hell of a thing. He has to be be a troll, hes posted that ""riddle"" in several other subs or hes seriously trying to find someone on his level...dont know which is worse"
"New Orleans to Boise on August 2, LOL Depends. Some are scared of baked goods. I love free food all day every day. But candy is great. But depends really. If you baked some cookies they might like it. Where are you going? I want to work it haha."
"It's not the hero the Fempire needs, but it's the hero they deserve. The word hero gets bandied around a lot these days, but that there is the true definition."
"The day that men can wear shorts and short sleeved shirts as smart formal clothes in offices is the day women can complain that the AC is too low. I almost forgot about the ""A/C is sexist"" bullshit. Damn you for reminding me."
"Hey, the link doesn't seem to be working anymore. Ah I never thought of that! One of my fav little song moments actually!"
You're godamn right - FMA:BH dub was perfect. The Japanese language is a lot more expressive of moods and emotions compared to English. Emotions and tones are a lot more clear to me in subs. I've seen a lot of shows but FMA:Brotherhood is one of the few that I preferred the dub over the sub
ProTip: Delete your facebook account and increase your happiness by 1000%. Truth about social media today
Adopted? I noticed the strangeness because the range of skin tones was a lot more dramatic than what I saw from friends. Other people I knew were more-or-less equal to everyone else in their family.
"What doesn't make sense to me, is that a man can wear feminine clothing and act femininely every day, and they aren't considered transgender, but if they go up on a stage then they are considered transgender. Are tomboys and feminine men/boys considered trans*? The transgender term, as far as I understand, encompasses people who transgress traditional gender boundaries. What place do non-gender conforming cis people have in this group?"
Or they reuse costumes because they cost money. And dressed him in blue so nobody would notice they reused the extra?
"At first I thought your cameras color was way off but then I realized that WRX is pumpkin status. Dat rumble: Dad Tested, Kid Approved"
Oh my god get out. You guys breader stop this
"That is very funny title when the only radio available is conservative talk radio, yes that includes our very libertarian NPR. To help get Rick Perry into debates, super PAC advertises on conservative talk radio"
Then the captain was promptly tried in court of failing to meet safety standards which mandate they have to have enough life vests on board for everybody. Daily inspiration
"Ah i see, i guess i missed that! In addition to the shape of the nose, which is very distinctive, the air inlet has the same internal splits of the STR11, and there are a few gold and red details on the sidepods and front of the tub"
Yeah it would really suck to give workers a bigger say in their worke environment. Forcing private companies into co-ops and making employees to have to be a part of it for one
"See you on the course! Anyone doing Chicago Tri this weekend? I'm doing the race, and I'll be manning the Team in Training booth tonight from 6-9. If you're at the expo, stop by and say hi."
"I don't know the ins and outs of every weapon in the game, but I'd be willing to bet a hyper-mode Leo ring counter with a Profaned Greatsword's fully charged R2 will put up some of the highest numbers. By the power of greyskull So, ignoring armor and situational bonuses, what is the largest amount of damage one can do in a single hit? Situational includes rings, repost, backstabs, basically all the methods of massacre. In reguards to the magics, use the basic catalyst. So, what tops them all? Stats should all be at 99 when testing (or at least those pertaining to damage)."
"Is this now, the Yellow Jacket Social Club bar? Does anyone remember Cafe Mundi? They were early Eastside pioneers."
"The thing is, 99.99 is not the same as 99.9999999999... oh no... I get it... I just don't like it... If I you were given a check for 99.99 dollars..would you say you just got a $100 check.. I get that mathematically if it continues forever it is, but I don't like it."
"I've always wanted to Jump Around in Wisconsin. CFB Stadiums you want to visit Has anybody ever been to a game at BYU? Their stadium always looks awesome on the video games, it looks really intimate despite not being a gigantic stadium like the horseshoe or other 100k+ seaters. I'd really like to go there or either one of the Death Valley stadiums one day. What about you guys?"
To demonstrate this i bet if you unplug the throttle the issue fits away You're not getting enough power to the stick try a powered usb hub
"Georgia resident checking in -- I've heard people tell kids this my whole life. My grandpa has a pot belly and he used to tell me he swallowed a watermelon seed that grew in his stomach. I believed him for way longer than I should've :| (Also, are you southern? Is this a southern thing? It seems like a distinctly southern thing because watermelon)"
"Well, there was that one time we elected an actor, so there's something of a precedent. I still can't believe we elected a fucking game show host."
"definitely on my agenda, from what I can see, you don't exist if you don't have one :) Glad you sorted it out. Though I recommend you get your personnummer as a priority once your here so you can get in the akelius queue. Secondhand contracts can really bite you in the butt if you start relying on them."
"FeelsBadMan but at the same time FeelsGoodMan No my friend, I said before the game that vp will destroy g2 in this thread and got -10 karma"
"First time i went to New York (I',m Canadian) i thought it was some secret CIA building hidden in plain sight The suppressed conspiracy theorist in me loves that it's street number is 33 and it apparently contains a whole bunch of important phone ""switches"". I bet the CIA is all up in there clandestinely monitoring Americans' communications. The fact that it's in the ""brutalist"" style with no windows and a cold concrete facade is just icing on the cake."
"Dunno maybe he's using an MP40 you need 1/2 a mag to take people down with chest shots wearing armour with that thing. Jesus christ you are butthurt. It doesnt stop 3 ball, 3ap, or 3hp rounds. Go test it in game."
"Yeah but you don't want every person thinking it's okay to do. I don't think anybody here understands what a reservoir is. Its already filled with fish, bird and animal waste. Lots of carcasses too. The water is not exactly straight to tap. Still, a public employee should be using a proper restroom. Its just not as gross as people seem to think it is."
"Bitcoin miner maybe What kind of retard puts 12 GPUs in a shitty box, and a even bigger retard manges to squeeze a PSU in a bag and thinks its ok..... RAM I returned to Amazon got more protection"
Certainly not spending enough on infrastructure... Does Gabe spend the entire Steam budget on pizza or what?
"Praise be. i send him a bag of seed last week, he have not reply yet."
"Even cheaper is Dramamine (US brand name), which is practically the same drug. Just get some Benadryl. It's the exact same ingredient, diphenhydramine HCL and you can find it in pretty much any drug store, grocery store etc. anywhere in the world."
"I think Karthus doesn't have any good matchups in this meta Froggen says Karthus beats Leblanc, what do you say?"
I have a large lunar tee in black from last season I got 150 bucks sell me your large stuff and accessories
maybe someone else can translate it Oh dear :( Is it to the point of being illegible?
"Because even with their horrible gameplay, Achievement Hunter still played the objective fairly well (especially with Ryan leading the leaderboard with the most points); not to mention the incredible amount of kills the entirety of Cow Chop racked up. This is almost unwatchable...Jack yelling at Micah to shoot their ally's plane, all of them piling in a tank to run in and die, Michael running straight into barbwire, and none of them changing their perspective in vehicles to see better. And yet they still won. Wtf happened, Funhaus..."
"Agreed, that wasn't my recommendation, just found this in my news feed and had a laugh. The 6300 and the 960 is a terrible combo. For the same price, you can get an i3-6100 and an R9 380."
'Tis why I have that URL memorized. You got me twice
I wanted so badly to believe Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up sped up every time he says Never
"Assuming your PI is willing to let you get more involved, does more time in lab translate to a better chance of getting published, or making a contribution that I can actually talk about? You should be part of a project/ have your own project where you can make a meaningful contribution that you can talk about in interviews, applications. The golden standard for ""completing research"" is your name on as many papers as possible"
Awesome friend to loan you a bike! My friend has lent me his truck since I hit a deer on my primary transportation (my Harley) today he brought me this to use.
"LOL, what? Silva is in no way part of the discussion anymore"
"Not only were they not exclusive, they weren't even DATING. Dude, you weren't even exclusive then. Let alone it doesn't sound like you two were literally seeing each other at that point. Why does it matter what she was doing?"
Thank you! Nice.
"Username checks out I hope it wasn't one of my used mattresses...let me tell you folks, don' t shine a blacklight on that thing!!"
"you will get a better answer by finding people that actually have a crown on the scope, they dont pop up very often! How much goes bs dlores theese days Iam looking to buy one as my first dlore, And also how much can go bs lore with crown on scope? Thanks a lot ;) Thanks for any help"
"Democracy in action! Former Congressman Joe Walsh calls for 18th century style armed rebellion-""On November 8th, I'm voting for Trump. On November 9th, if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket. You in?"""
"When you stare into the abyss, the abyss stares back. TIL there is a name for that weird feeling I get walking over an overpass."
"So...Aloha should have had more black and hispanic people is what you're saying? Exactly...? There's a shit load of white people then a lot of blacks/hispanics, you're not going to see a lot of Hawaiians on base."
"That's not even a contest. Most intense 1v1 is Mei vs McCree, WHO GETS THE FIRST STUN?"
"Ooh please review/mini- review! I lied, not done for the month. Just bought a mini set of Queen Latifah Queen and Queen of Hearts. NOW I'm done."
"And the ""V"" would have a bit of ""F"" in it. Wow I know exactly what it would sound like. He'd definitely put an 'H' in there."
Yeah I watched through the whole thing waiting for the hilarious consequences. What consequences ?
Only those with their head in the sand can't see this movement has been hijacked. Wikileaks calls out SJWs as a reactionary movement to push state interests.
"Nooooo, I needed a new identity after being an asshole to people! With name changing out, it might be difficult to keep track of who is who. This webpage will show you a player's previous usernames."
Sly cameo please Ryan Coogler to Direct Marvel's 'Black Panther'
"Moved around internationally or in the U.S, because you sound pretty American. I've moved around a lot I've been told my accent is about as generic/neutral as it gets. Can anybody guess where I'm from?"
"Or people just learned to be patience, becasue we all know they will come out sooner or later, when doesnt really matter... Well, last year reddit was full with ""When immortals X will be out?"" .. now no one give's a .... about it. :( Mby because now you need to spend more $$ to get more immortals?"
Sharp enough to puncture the hull of an empire-class Fire Nation battleship? Asami sure looks sharp in that metal.
"The problem is that those who would need to lead those efforts to change society that way has very little to gain from it. If we don't provide members of society a way to survive, society will collapse and our automation will be for nothing. The idea that automation will cause mass unemployment is FUD."
"Vel'Koz is asexual? You are dating your favourite champion. What will annoy you? I think nothing about Sona will annoy me. Just hope i don't break her heart. Otherwise, Pentakill will break my body."
"Phew, everything's alreich now That which lies beneath the kola peninsular part 3"
Mistake #1: using facts and logic. Arguing with her using statistics/facts was such a bad move. This is like the ultimate way to make a womans cunt dry. You might have actually convinced her if you just raised your voice and resorted to emotional attacks.
"""***Damn, Kanye***"" -Kanye West We kanye now."
It's kind of weird that you know that O-Line is playing well when you DON'T hear their names during the game. For all the talk about Dennis Kelly having to start.. He played a really solid game. I want to see where PFF ranks him. I was terrified of Dallas moving Hardy around and feeding on Kelly. Kelly pretty much was a bully in run blocking and held his own in the pass game.
"Frequently called ""moving the goalposts"". First she said paid and she got shown up pretty bad on that with Bernie's donated payments so she changed the argument instead of, you know, actually addressing the criticism of her."
"Solid reference. ""Failure = Success"""
"THAT should be the way the dungeon spawns, or at least be a possible variation. Hi again! You guys seem to like my mountain house so I present to you: My Awesome Dungeon! Enjoy!"
"Description of the mugger for us daily commuters? Bystanders to a mugging at 16th and Mission BART Sitting with a friend who was mugged 30 minutes ago walking out of the 16th street BART station. As she felt someone grab the phone from her purse, she turned and gave chase. The mugger hit my friend in the face a couple times and dropped the phone. Thank you to the two kind guys who restrained the mugger for keeping my friend from getting her ass kicked. There are kind people in the world. Thank you for helping, and she wishes she said as much before running away. An ice pack and ice cream later she is better. It must suck being in the position where mugging seems like a good option. Of all the possible outcomes, this was a pretty good one in that nobody was seriously hurt and she still has the phone. Hopefully you guys are OK too, and I hope you are able to walk with those massive balls. Please be careful flashing valuables in public."
But not lupus Or an epileptic seizure.
People said the same thing about Gabbert Exactly. I feel like all this bullshit about Bortles is just to get page views. Teddy is still going number 1.
"You have no idea what you are talking about lol Kinda ridiculous how riot doesn't want a sandbox mode. It's embarrassing that such a poorly developed game has gotten so big, and even worse that riot refuses to update simple things like the client or other game modes."
Why are there people who create these images Checking imgur when
Except take them I guess. Except what?
"rekt Fite me irl fggt, Im 12 and ill rek yu"
You have been added to the list Gleb
(s)he may have been serious. Do people not think it's funny or did they not get it?
"I wish people at work would stop asking me why I take the stairs and why I actually open the door with my hands instead of being a lazy POS and hitting the handicap button. Rant Wednesday Welcome to Rant Wednesday: It's your time to let your gym/fitness/nutrition related frustrations out! There is no guiding question to help stir up some rage-feels, feel free to fire at will, ranting about anything and everything that's been pissing you off or getting on your nerves!"
Buzzfeed... Gross 42 Quotes Cyclists Will Love
STOP YELLING KAREN WANTS BANANANA CAKE
If teaching respect and acceptance is social engineering so be it Tony Abbott calls for Safe Schools 'social engineering program' to be axed
Motorcycle I assume (and hope) You're riding your bike on I-5?
"Trouble is, they usually do, in addition. That's actually quite adorable. Old people just don't give a shit."
"I'll check it out, thank you! I use Podkicker."
"Butthurt conservatives frequently make that mistake. That's funny to see how ""butthurt conservatives"" sounds like ""people with critical thinking""."
I have an SD2SNES and probably getting an everdrive for the N64 next Finally got my consoles all setup in the basement
"you should watch Angel Beats, really easy to binge watch and the shortest in that list (13 episodes) Damn, where to start.... Spice and wolf, gintama, clannad, angel beats, trigun and much more I can't think of right now"
Run brate. *gulps loudly while grabbing shirt*
"Yup, they lost me at that. No free software (GNU Linux) option?"
"Supers for the main deck monsters, ultra for the spells and traps and secret for the fusions would be dope I love secret rares, but the Metalfoes would look better as ultras and supers, and I play the deck."
nobody knows... Wtf happened
To be honest he wasn't really celebrating his win. Sweet dance moves
Until you try to shut them up. Objecting to what someone said is also an exercise of free speech.
...for MVP. Cogs what?
"The really dangerous part is that they aren't wearing reflective belts. Unbelievable, wearing a hard hat with no shirt on. That could be dangerous."
Yes I was generalizing. You do realize there are white Muslims right? I work with a few and you wouldn't even you they were unless you asked.
FOREVER AND EVER How much longer do you think One Piece will go for?
Is that what they say about yours? I think you may have penile cancer.
"Ours are compulsory (unless you write an exemption so they're actually not that compulsory). our workplace organises it, they want to minimize people's sick leave over the winter and worked out it's cheaper to pay a GP for a day of giving factory workers flu shots (not compulsory of course). They do this every year"
"The USSR is responsible for killing more innocent people than the holocaust though. okay.. soo during the second world war, large parts of eastern Europe and countries like France fought for the Nazi's. These people were responsible for the killing of 20 million Slavic people. . Romanians, Western Ukraine, Estonia, Chezh and lots of other countries were fighting for Hitler. Those people who fought for Hitler all said they were forced to fight for Hitler. Most of those people deserves to be in the fucking camp. Now go learn some history about the time."
"In his case, I'd lean more towards Angels in the Outfield. It's like you're arguing about Baseball with someone's who's never watched Baseball, but saw Major League years ago. Pure brilliance."
You got the gap-tooth? In this thread I learned I'm undateable.
"DMR is a 5-shot weapon, so why didn't the final kill have a star in the killfeed? DMR Last Shot feels best"
FUCK that's hot. Seen on the streets of St. Petersburg
They must love lamp. Who upvotes this shit?
"I'm not sure if it was his first play through or not, but he got an option for killing an old man or sparing him after getting past the robots and exploring around new vegas. . . . well that is possible. Just highly unlikely. I don't believe I could do that, well that fast, and I know exactly what steps are necessary to progress the plot. If you mean to say he did so on his first play through well. . . I just don't believe that."
What? No matter how valid it is. This is coming from someone who strongly believes in feminism.
It shows you in the screen after a game in the tab overview How can I tell how many Heist/blood money wins I've gotten? I know it's only 5 wins for the trophy but not knowing which I need is killing me.
Matthew Broderick in a War Games sequel? This would make a good sequel to oceans 11 (or any crime thriller for that matter).
"I agree, but the same could easily be said about the two teams on your flair. Over rated Clap, clap, clap clap clap."
fetus does not equal unborn child. Something is really sick in the head with liberals when the enemy has a problem with aborting unborn children like they do!
Sydney Opera House sucks? State sponsored art always sucks.
"Yeah I've made that mistake before. Whoops well guess I didn't hit reply right then, just hit add comment. New here sorry."
"I'm sure there were falsehoods from both campaigns during the primaries between Clinton and Sanders, there's no way Sanders never lied about Clinton, and according to Politifact he has before. ""to a lesser extent"" When the DNC favors her, an ethical campaigner would have told them to ""cut it out."" That's the least important point though. There was literally no reason for her to lie about Bernie's campaign. There was no reason for Bill to campaign and shut down voting booths in Massachusetts. There was no reason for what happened in Nevada"
Ginger magnificence. This is my first post... I've been lurking for about a year &amp; a half. I've broken the silence to present to y'all my boyfriend's majestic beard.
Oneth Firth?
The 8% dream What are you doing with your gold right now?
"The Bible (various). What books do you find yourself re-reading? I'm reading a few books at the moment, but getting bored by them so I decided to pick up Lucky Jim by Kingsley Amis. I've read this book three times now since first reading it less than a year ago. I just can't get enough of it. It's just *so* funny. I am always reading Lord of the Rings as well. I'll pick it up, go through 300 pages, and not touch it again for a few months and continue on the story. I'm also always reading something by John Moriarty - currently working my way through his last book: Nostos continued. For me, Lucky Jim is one of my favourite books. I can't believe it took me 32 years to find it."
are you I thought there were 3 different people posting but it was just you this whole time.
"Yeah, but why would they have doctors grade these? This. The 12/12 on top very much looks like children's handwriting."
Given Theresa's determination I expect her to ram the country off the cliff and trigger A50. I can't wait to see the butthurt in this sub when Junker gets trashed by Merkel and then the UK gets a good free trade deal. Nothing stands in the way of German industry.
"If you're talking about what I think you're talking about, that actually was a meme... The internet can't tell a difference anymore. Anything funny is a meme now. I watched a csgo match some time ago and the casters roasted some guy and said to eachother ""well memed sir"" seems like meme has replaced funny in the dictionary."
"The LTE doesn't make it any harder to compile once the vendor and device trees are made up (as they are now). Yeah, LTE is harder to work with. It just because Verizon had more devices out than the other versions"
"well the thing is it does have two welsh teams, but we don't call it a world series. That is like holding a Football tournament on English soil and only one team from Scotland plays in it and then saying its a World Cup. It makes absolutely no sense. Its only called that to make it seem more impressive and important, which I guess it is if you are into that sport. But its not a World anything. Its not like the World cup where thousands of teams try to qualify for a place on the world stage, to be crowned the best national team in the world, emphasis on NATIONAL."
"Perhaps she thinks Hillary supporters are calling from ancient Rome. I made over 600 calls to WI the last two days, few interesting encounters... First id just note that they might be some of the nicest people in the country. I got sworn at maybe 5 times total. Most interesting encounters- one call with a muslim doctor who said his entire mosque was voting for Bernie. They were scared of what the GOP has been saying and he said they were all car pooling together to go vote for Bernie :) I told him that what the GOP was saying was just taking advantage of fear and ignorance and that it wasn't what this country stood for. One lady called me a communist and demanded to know where I was calling from so I told her I was calling from the Soviet Union. She gasped and then I told her I was just kidding. For the record, I never troll GOP voters. Couldn't help it on this one. I convinced a couple people who were on the fence, and got the correct polling location to a few people who had the wrong info. I talked to maybe a dozen people who were Bernie volunteers themselves and I flirted with a couple girls who I highly suspect were cute. Overall, lot of fun. Love you guys!"
"If the price is lower from Amazon, and they have a faster shipping time, why are you even asking? In Canada, the PTR is like 280$ CAD, even with the exchange rate and shipping its 80$ less."
"Wasn't there a case in NY where they threw an innocent teenager into Rickers after he refused a plea? I'm assuming he refused to take a plea (because he was actually innocent). American courts will throw the book at you if you take it to trial and lose, which is unfortunate since truly innocent people are probably the least likely to take a plea. Had he take a plea he'd probably gotten closer to 10 years and been paroled before then."
"Dang, and here I thought I was lucky getting a tabulas at level 7 lol 13.5 hours into new league, Divination lootbox drops complete Atziri's Disfavour set (10/10 cards)"
"Dang... I am 0 negative. Truth be told, I often have a more difficult time with the mega elitist groups. Everyone must be 330 on a hardwired connection with blood type O positive blah blah blah. Group starts and wipes on totems 3 times. I'll join group where the leader just takes people and only raises an eye brow if someone of light level 270 joins or something like that. An obvious shortcoming. And that group will cruise, no wipes. Point is, a set of super high requirements is in no way a guarantee, or even a good indicator really, that you'll just glide through the place."
It was tongue in cheek since the infamous calling in of he RAV4 plates were done on his cell phone and not on his Police Radio. How'd you know he likes to use his personal cell?
It feels like they want this game to be some Korean MMO grindfest. I was so hyped I jumped into experimental and farmed trees for an hour just for xp and I didn't find it boring. If they remove farming XP this update went from really hype to me not wanting to play.
Rusev confirmed wavy. REAL FRIENDS HOW MANY OF EM?
"I just wish they updated more often than once every six months (slight exaggeration - but there was one time I was certain they'd disbanded it was so long without any content). If you haven't watched teamfourstars dragonball z abridged series, watch it."
"That just ... it sounds so remarkably awkward, I'd be afraid of hurting myself from cringing so hard. I worked with a guy who would do something ""mischievous"" and look at me afterwards and simply say ""troll face"". It was a real joy to work with someone so witty and hilarious."
"They keep throwing interceptions and nobody's going away with a blowout. Stuck at an event, can't watch live. Just level with me in terms I can understand: If this is a football game, what's the score?"
"Plus we don't riot in our own neighborhood, we do our rioting downtown. Hockey is totally different and more significant, duh!"
This could easily go in r/depression. not sure it's the right subreddit
I thought people on this subreddit knew how to take screenshots. Do you still want everything?
"That ""rugby ball"" is pretty brown and lace-y if you ask me... Meanwhile in...New Zealand - ""Conversion"""
because soon it will not be Why is Epsolon sol exclusive but directly purchasable? I don't get the reason for putting the exclusive tag on it while it is directly purchasable for months.
"The one from Reading Rainbow! Directed by LeVar Burton. Yes, that LeVar Burton."
It's alright we all have been there I thought you guys were exaggerating. I thought most of Reddit wasn't so bad. Then I found r/jokes and r/the_donald. I'm sorry I ever doubted you.
Fuck Oh my god and you have 11 karma on this post! ARE YOU IN ON THE CONSPIRACY?
"More like village drunk retard It's a positive thing when advertised for a mobile game, as is the case here. It would be equivalent to a console game advertising ""PC quality graphics."" Basically, it's acknowledging the superior platform. PC = Master Race Console = Peasant Mobile = Court Jester?"
"Cali here, we say Meer-r I say it like ""MEER-rurr"" and I'm in Kentucky. I don't think I've ever heard it pronounced as ""meer."""
"Not calling everyone you disagree with a xenophobic, hateful, racist, misogynist with them not actually being one What is one not-hateful, not-racist, not-misogynistic, not-xenophobic way we can all actually ""Make America Great Again""?"
As if American citizens have *any* influence in the governance of this country. Because we start demanding it.
"I, for one, like cheese, but I don't surrender to trolls like you. GTFO you cheese eating surrender monkey"
"The incident in question will be found in an hour. Former Premier League Referee Mark Halsey: ""...I have been told to say I have not seen an incident"""
Would you consider your drinking to be a problem? Hi im a 25 year old chef. Bored as hell ask me anything
"Has Jeff Garcia retired yet? Austin Davis slips in the shower and the Browns bring in Jake ""the snake"" Plummer. You guys are fucked."
You look hot looking for suggestions on hairstyle and facial hair
Probably something bad...out for the year Benintendi placed on DL
Because she's a loan whore. Elizabeth Warren: Students should get the same loan rate as big banks
"While this seems interesting, can you please elaborate for us the applications of these shows to geopolitics? HBO's Two Frontiers: Deadwood and The Wire - Geopolitics (subscription required)"
"Also cuz this is Westbrook and not dray, griffin or CP3 I think the contradictions you see here at r/nba comes from the inconsistency of the officiating we see on a nightly basis."
"If you die committing a home invasion in Texas, the obituary lists cause of death as suicide. Texas law agrees with you. Then again, I feel that most people in Texas who break into a house are aware that it may result in armed resistance."
"Janice, I thought you didn't give a fuck... *Uh, no, that's your partisan inference.* Stopping gun violence came up and Bernie said gun laws weren't the only solution and brought up violent content. I don't think my assumption is ""partisan"" at all."
"I don't think I'll ever be able to drive a truck. Driving, I am terrified every single second that I am behind the wheel, yet I drive every day."
"My hands had a small orgasm when I held an ICE Yea I have an RSX, was most just interested in size / weight /feeling in the hands comparison. I get that ergo is pretty subjective though. I agree too, the CS1s/CSRs are wayyyy too thick IMO. M2 was sweet when I shot it"
"It could be Brazil 2008, some people believe that Timo Glock intentionally let Lewis Hamilton through to take the title, but actually he had no choice in the matter as he was on the dry tyres in the pouring rain and could barely drive. Formula one champion 'cause of letting him through. Dear reddit, when I was younger I was looking at Formula1 with my dad, when I witnessed a 'strange' action. A driver still needed some points to become champion in the last race, and another car let him through before the finish. Does anyone know more about this or where I can find this footage? My memory is disappointing me once again. Thanks in advance."
Thanks! Love your flair!
Annndd you're broke Mickey. SELL SELL SELL!!!
"And I'm sure the thousand years or so of agnatic primogeniture in the peerage has nothing to do with the tax distribution. ""In the UK, pay 72% of taxes, most of which is spent on women, suffer 98% of workplace deaths, and do all of the hard work to keep the country going."" Ah yes, lazy women, not getting paid as much as men and therefore not paying as much in taxes. Oh the misandry of it all!"
Did somebody say taco bell? Lava dripping directly into the ocean
"sorry but i cant thing about anything else than this being an asshole Sunlight shining through the Keyhole Rock in Big Sur, California"
Nice cable management! Goodbye XBox!
"Piggy bank Holy cow, that janitor must be making bank."
We won? Bins to return to Central and Roma Street by the end of the year
"RIP overhyped D3 PvP Hopefully out ""late"" this year, as that's when they said it'd be out. Though Blizzard is comfortable with delaying things that arent up to standards or just canceling them if theyre still unsatisfied (see diablo 3 arena), so until they give an actual date dont assume anything the devs say is more than wishful thinking"
Did they figure out how to use your credit card or did they pay in toys and treats? Flight goes in 2 hours
"love black people, tired of niggas Walgreens looted and on fire in Ferguson"
"Don't convert to ref, you wanna save your ref, convert those to keys, and as soon as you can, get yourself a bud. Yeah, I was thinking of buying keys and uncrating, but I've had terrible luck with getting anything of real value, I think I'll just convert keys to ref."
Thank you! CREEPER IN THE GRASS
"Some times I bust out the old crt so I can get the delicious 85hz There really should be a PSA about this. I found out about this just a few months ago. Wow that 16Hz of difference made a huge difference for me in shooter games. It's a bit different for AMD and Nvidia cards btw. I got an AMD card, basically you need to download this utility call CRU (Custom Resolution Utility) and Pixel Clock Patcher (to patch AMD cards DVI link Hz). Shouldn't take long."
Cunt is basically a treasonous traitor as far as I'm concerned. Curbing immigration to ease the pressure on Auckland housing rejected by Housing Minister Nick Smith
"results = work * intelligence + talent where talent is the already acquired skills that crossover (for example, doing a lot of math can grant some of the logical thinking required to be a programmer). There's no such thing as naturally being good at something. Everything is learned and skills grow through repetition."
"Cool thanks for the advice. Don't purchase or craft anything before you reach Level 30. Just live from what the Enemies drop. Espacially don't buy Blueprints, you will have alot of Blueprints later on that you will never be able to use."
Google Mormon garment images What underwear ;)
"SO GOOD! Cheerleader in the movie ""Untraceable"""
"Their bootstraps were watered-logged from all the ""trickle-down"" economics. Clearly the poor/uneducated/low work skill didn't do their part and somehow pick themselves up by the bootstraps."
"Konami... Ok, sorry first if I give nightmares tonight. The cast of RWBY gets a sponsor but it's the most hated of sponsors. Who could it be?"
He said no butter.... I'm sure he's not lathering his potatoes in butter or gravy!
"Don't be an idiot If you're looking to earn extra cash, Amazon will soon hire Austin drivers to deliver packages"
Texan (*sigh*) checking in to confirm... No it's definitely my congressman's fault.
"The algorythm that determines which tiles to acquire is based on the movement points required to get to that tile, so plains are easy, hills are harder, and mountains are hardest. New cities appear to avoid mountain tiles in their territory in favor of better tiles."
"If he were 19-20, ok, i would give him the benefit of the doubt, but he's 24, he could still get better, but Messi/Cristiano were miles ahead of him at the same age. Kevin De Bruyne can reach Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo's level, claims his first Belgium boss Georges Leekens"
"Though apparently he also was mean to people. Hitler wasn't mean, killing six million Jews is mean"
"Exactly, that's what I thought. Most people who bought multiple I know wanted them more for collecting purposes."
"Either way it's tough Ya, but think about being an extremely skeptical 12 year old. Don't ya think that might just be enough to propel you to develop your own real opinion because his words might feel so ""wrong"" to you?"
"Considering that place is on 290.. and unless that photo was flipped, you're heading East on 290, heading away from Austin.. A month ago we found out when we were close to Austin. This is how we know we are nowhere near."
I'm pretty sure you could make a storage unit out of a microwave. electronic devices
I feel the same way. I joke about being an accelerationist and it really is a crude joke...but deep down I feel like it's the only authentic position I can have. Economically at least. I understand full well it's absolute dogshit for social issues and the connections between social and economic issues. \#doughywhiteboyproblems
"This is great thanks man. Haha sorry, the code is MARLIESREDDIT17"
"I made cardstock cutouts in small-blast size; printed them out, have a nice green mist with a deathguard symbol in it. Quick questions for phosphex users What do you guys use to represent the Dangerous Terrain after resolving the blast from phosphex?"
"A lot of times its called a Mad Men cut, or an Ivy League I like guys who have that classic 50s style haircut. I don't even know what it's called. But like, mad men status? Im not usually attracted to long hair but sometimes it just fits a guy. Most guys wish I had long hair, but I feel short hair fits me better and I rock my Mohawk haha"
"Suicide is free at all ages, all you have to do is attack a police officer. Free suicide at age of consent Since no one consents to be born, shouldnt you give someone the chance to commit suicide for free at the age of consent? If they want they can get a free, painless suicide. If they dont want it theyve chosen to be alive and then they have to pay for it after that. This should be consistent with your philosophy."
"Yeah, but the pennies were used to fund the guy that was then burnt in public, were they not? Weirdly, didn't it used to be ""penny for the Guy""? Then the yanks and their sweetie obsession turned up, now it's wrong to ask for cash. To be clear, I agree, it's just weird."
"Don't know why, but I see three of the exact same comment from you lol might want to delete the duplicates. Lol gg got 3 MSL gf and 1 IRL gf. Grats you win at virtual and real life this week!"
this isn't a tutorial i was mislead how 2 mine with hacks
"SOURCE, FOR SCIENCE.... Let's put this anal world record thing to bed"
That's better. He coulda-bin a contender!
that took me a sec to actually get Fitting for the Best movie ever
"GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE GENOCIDE White Genocide. I googled white genocide, and this picture was nowhere to be found. I bet the dragon represents the crematoriums they want us thrown in."
"Eh, not in the mood to get doxxed today. Pics or it didn't happen..."
will believe hillary is involved in sevret global child sex abuse ring because some 3 year old post on reddit won't believe the possibility trump probably sexually assaulted a bunch of women despite mountains of evidence With the election less then a week away The_Donald has gone off the f*cking deep end. Accusing Hillary of being involved in a Satanic Child Sacrifice Ring without a hint of sarcasm.
GARY FUCKING ANDERSON 1999 and 2000 just saying.
"True, but the vast majority of INTs are completely the fault of the QB and many are at least somewhat the QBs fault. INTs are often times WRs' faults"
Hey don't worry we will be handing them back some injured players for a kicker. Chevy will convince you to retain 50% of the salary and give us your top 3 picks in the process.
So what does he do exactly? Coach
"laws are not the end all be all of social issues it is judging by this thread and the civil rights act was passed over 50 years ago, but racism still exists. laws are not the end all be all of social issues"
Not every retarded post on reddit is bait lmao You got baited rip
I am not sure how this gentleman is still employed with TPS? Muslim police chaplain says women commit 'major sin' if they refuse to have sex with husbands
I mean if you want a good view of how a game is you don't just delete the bottom scores you don't agree with. What do you think I'm saying? Of course that's how that works.
"Quinn Cook is ""how is this dude still eligible?!?"" Nicknames for your favorite college basketball players I'm a UVA fan, and some people have taken to calling Justin Anderson ""Simba"". Apparently, some people also call Jerian Grant ""The Wolf"". So what are some of your favorite nicknames? What would you call your favorite players if you could make a name up?"
Hope that wasn't serious He's on XBOX. He has till February 31st.
It's my own wedding dreams come true Bride indulges new husband's horror obsession and agrees to a 'Wedding Night of the Living Dead'
"wat Elliotte Friedman on Twitter: ""Pirri to ANA for 6th in 2016."""
"Weak ass foul call, crazy alley oop Deandre Jordan with a ridiculous reverse alley oop"
Dis a gud ass movie AYY LMAO ayyme adams is great in this movie lmao
"Make that 3, I still think the SRT Neon is the coolest sport compact. I agree with him. Two vs. one, come at us bro!"
"A bit of both lol, I hadn't played GP in awhile so it felt good to do well! i dont get it. is it the score ? is it the flame ?"
"If only this were a readily available option! Half a Valium does it for me, usually."
Is that how slime babies are made? Naw on rainy days you POUND SOME SLIMES IN THE MINE.
mwahahahahah good job crowd! Queen of Holland attends concert. Muslim conductor starts proselytising. Orchestra members walk off stage.
"...two weeks later, and I just thought you should know that I love you. When you save 5% with your RedCard, you'll get a steal of a deal!"
Only if you push it past 4GHz ;) Does a Pentium 4 count as an electric heater?
"Like spamming Raven maxes and Lancers outside of render range isn't annoying as hell. Brace for shitposts friendo, I too despise the Striker but the annoyance they present to blue/purple air en masse apparently justifies their continued existence."
this ^ d5 players are salty because they bought their eloboost to d5 so they could claim they finished d1 because other people only see a diamond border their purchase now has less value :\^)
"6 farmed, 12 total. How many onion motes do i need?"
"Well, that is pretty much all of my prejudices of Australians in one video Gary the Goat and the huge snake"
"Am I the only one that calls 45-pound-weights simply ""forty-fives""? Putting up wheels, question about weight room lingo"
"Same ""Trickle down economics has already proven to fail"" .. annoys me."
Thanks a bunch! Well I have it ready already. Go ahead and add me and request the trade.
"This was during the Instant Apps bit - she dropped the line at the end saying ""By the way - this was on Kit Kat."" oooh sorry :)"
"Not quite, very close though. 4 awps inferior to 4 R8's"
"Now I wish I was there with a bird finger puppet on my middle finger. She was very wrong to do this, UP YOUR GAME AND DOUBLE BIRD."
"transexual prostitutes are probably in highest demand... case closed! Female prostitutes are also in higher demand than male though. A product of culture, sure, but also of market forces."
Amazings shots... I never get lucky of getting a pilot going straight line or very lol altitude =/ My friend Love is an amazing BF4 player and I want you to see it.
Being waterboarded off Guantanamo Bay. What sounds great if you don't know what it actually means?
I don't know much of anything What is your six-word life story?
"This is what Private Messaging is for, dumbass. you guys are doing great this year. the knicks look tough, but i got faith you guys will take the crown for new york this season. best of luck."
Tabula Rasa is my go to Buffy episode. I play episodes of Buffy often. I'll just pick an episode or season and watch from there over and over. Also when something happens in life / if I experience certain emotions I usually have a relatable episode to watch.. I'd like to shot from the rooftops how much BTVS means to me. And every time I watch any episode I always have the best time.
Woah let's not get ahead of ourselves *formerly rich* bastard
"What makes you a bad person is cheating and using people for money. If it comes to that then divorce. Sometimes no matter how hard people work on it the relationship just doesn't work for one or both parties. It doesn't make either of you bad people, just means your bad together. I know you said you didn't want to divorce because you'd move back in with your parents, but why couldn't you just get a job, get your own place and be self-sufficient? It's hard work but you're an adult and you can do it. Independence is great for figuring yourself out and maturing in the long run."
"Johnny plz Game Thread: Flames vs. Stars **Drinking Game:** - Gaudreau slash incident brought up - 3 drinks - Monahan takes a slap shot - 3 drinks - D. Hamilton/Bennett stick infraction penalty - 2 drinks - Brodie/Gio make an stretch pass - 2 drinks - Backlund/Frolik force a turnover - 1 drink - Ferland hits - 2 drinks - Engelland looks like a pylon - 2 drinks - Wideman fucks up - 1 drink - Fight - 3 drinks **Bonus:** * Ice the puck on the PP - 3 drinks * Puck over the boards, delay of game penalty - 2 drinks * Dougie Hamilton trade rumours mentioned - 1 drink"
"That and outside of the main quest there is absolutely no direction whatsoever. I am a person who is unhappy with Starbound. I don't expect fast updates, or easy ones. What I do expect is a coherent and fun experience. In general, the updates we have seen since the return to updating have, in my opinion, made the game more linear and less fun. The ""main quest"" has you railroaded into a bunch of really long dungeons using the mediocre combat system or running fetch quests that would make vanilla-Era WoW shudder. The new tiered planets system means that in each stage you only see a handful of the same style biomes. In general, I feel like the developers have been making a very different kind of game (gated, linear, and combat focused with a fairly punishing and twitchy combat system) from the one it was initially touted as (Terraria in space, more or less, with lots of exploring, building, and cool worlds to see). The latter game is still there, but you're forced to reckon with the former game to get to it, and I honestly just don't think the combat is all that well implemented."
I'm firmly of the opinion that the only reason Ozzy is still alive is because Sharon won't let him die. Let's not forget Ozzy Osbourne.
"Ironically, you *can* pull info from a pile of rubble. Or a lighter and a trash can. Can't pull info from a pile of ash."
"Seriously, do have some kind of mental issue? What's not EXACTLY what you said, ya fucking idiot. Now either learn how to talk without contradicting yourself or simply shut the fuck up."
"Many maritime navigational aids include fog horns or bells, you may be hearing one. What is the occasional lower pitched horn you can hear sometimes in W Seattle I recently moved to the Junction area and can occasionally hear a sustained, lower horn sound -- maybe from the ferry area? Anyone know what it is?"
"This room looks like the space ship where I got probed. I was going to order us one really, really long piece of spaghetti like in Lady and the Tramp. I've been practicing nudging the meatball across the table with my nose."
"It's a shame it takes him 10+ years to pay attention to his own offspring, though. Matt's deletes are lightening fast."
"""I'm the most progressive candidate on this stage."" Hillary Clinton just slimed Bernie Sanders with a discredited Rupert Murdoch attack on single-payer health care"
"You're an idiot. I was subscribed to r/vegetarian and someone published a post where Morissey said eating meat was the same as raping kids and people were agreeing with it. It was so infuriating and stupid that I unsubscribed and started eating meat again, just to spite them."
That's Unidan's new account? Unidan has Tourettes now I guess.
"*holds up spork* I'm only 15 and I hate modern music. I wish more kids my age listened to good music like Justin Bieber, Skrillex, and One Direction. L0l s0 randum!!?!?!?!"
"Took an hour before I could get on a train this morning at hawksburn, insult to injury of the 7-or-so empty express trains that rolled past Melbourne's rail pain"
"So half life 3 has existed for a while then? TIL: There is a Japan-only Half Life game, named 'Half Life 2:Survivor'"
original? I will update this every year.
How... how did you know I did exactly that? I imagine that everyone starts off pressing the button just once to hear what the sound is .... and then unleashes their inner angry tram driver mode and hammers it repeatedly.
"A president doesn't call a 13 year old girl a loser on the internet because she made a joke about him in a comedy routine on a TV talent show. For the record, I'm registered republican. I just don't think trump seems very...presidential. He lacks grace, dignity, and all those other things I would expect from a leader"
"Is it me, or is your toon wearing a jock on his face? I think I found my favourite line"
lmao I just text a lot of friends Hold up - 198 text messages? Are you rob kardashian?
"Or when they need to eat. Greece may be the first place bitcoin goes mainstream. Apparently few have heard of it, but people tend to learn real fast when there's money to be made."
"The time clocks at my work run software from 1986. It does sound sketchy, but the thing is a lot of accountants move slowly with technology, and I don't blame them really because they're getting hit hard by automation. There are still businesses that use actual timecards and clocks and manually round it, but they're getting more rare. With this fancy auto-inputting software, you're cutting a good deal of hours from whoever handles payroll. These guys don't follow technology too well sometimes and love to be stubborn and do things the way they have for years, even if it doesn't make sense in the context of our technology. Rounding was how I did it (round up or down). I've definitely seem payroll sheets where they rounded to 15 minutes. Rounding payroll hours is just built in to a lot of accountants' heads. For you and I now, of course we see no point not to just use the exact time and pay the exact seconds worked. There's no gain from rounding except to pay more or less than what you owe. To an accountant, you round because that's just what you do. You always rounded, if you want to automate this you'd have it round, and if they had to read the payroll hours they'd rather see even numbers they're used to working with. Some of them might be thinking that they might print it all out and balance the books manually and they'd want to be able to input it and match what the computer had. If you're going to audit your books, 15 minute increments are nice. A lot of accounting is double checking, a lot of engineering is assuming your output is good and not manually adding up the numbers on a ten key."
Kevan is I. I confirm. Who is kevan anyway Iv nevr met him so he must be Dtho in disgize amirit?
is it because you're secretly turned on by inflicting emotional pain on yourself? I left tumblr because of this kind of shit... Then I subscribe to this sub. Why do I do this to myself?!?! Holy fuck these people piss me off.
Never bring a BB gun to a machete fight. Police: Man hacked off hand of home intruder with machete
"What is this from? Last week, he entered a fast food restaurant. Just ahead of him, two men got into an argument; one of them pulled a knife. Chris, who'd always made the best peace, tried to break it up. He was stabbed in the throat. He died almost instantly."
Checking out sex tapes at 3am in the night... looks like Trump and I finally have something in common! Trump: 'Check out sex tape' of former Miss Universe
Aka the guy who made Marcelo Huertas a legend. For those wondering about tyler johnson
"Yeah, she is out of work right now =/ This is our first month of just me, so maybe if things look better than expected I'll still donate while she is looking. When your wife gets another job? And yeah unfortunately they're on the same show but not on at the same time. But I totally agree the show is free what more can you ask for?"
Have you installed the latest drivers for your GPU? No HDMI connection I reinstalled my windows and now Rift is showing up in Home as No HDMI connection. The rift itself shows up as a monitor and is just displaying desktop as if it was a third monitor.
"Wait, you dont even get a penalty or kicked? Teamkilling in Hardcore SnD needs to stop"
"I came here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and I'm all out of bubblegum - William Shakespeare "" I am Invincible"" - Boris"
"Yeah these anti-ecos are killing me. My bet is on Athletico -2.5, firstly they lose an eco to make it 15-13 then the round after had to be restarted, bit tense"
"To be fair, it's not exactly an easy name if you're not familiar with it. And Ray Knight butchers another name."
I'll take it. You're no fun. *Battleleave: Earth*
"While the conversation of ""Let's talk about our nipples"" might not come up naturally, stories about crazy childhood events, skateboarding, battlescars, and everything else in that story do come up *relatively* frequently. I don't really see that coming up in a conversation beforehand, and I wouldn't want to spring it last minute and ruin the moment."
Down with our robot oppressors! Chatter stats for this game are gonna be hella interesting. Can we break the bot with sheer numbers?
Not sure if serious or pun Glad I'm not the only one - on the other hand it's the first one I saw...
"I love that *October Sky* is an anagram of *Rocket Boys*. They did that to Rocket Boys, which when it came to the movie was renamed ""October Sky"". Foreign films also often get a shorter title for american audiences."
It's simple geometry for fuck's sake /b/'s academic discussion on zoology semantics
"Too late. Here, you'll need this riot gear. *Brace for impact from Blizzard fanboys.*"
"Far from perfect Highest guy on the planet throws a perfect pitch, what's your excuse?"
Aaaand you missed the point. It is amazing how these schools were able to recruit before satellite camps.
America and Canada are the only two that spell it 'tire' What language do you speak where tyre = tire?
At least now we know why you were wrong Who said OP is a him
That's why they stay at the Y.M.C.A. Sounds like being a member of the Village People can be stressful.
"Dunno why you were downvoted, I read the exact same thing. Yes, i've read the articles. They said they were considering adding premium, paid content."
"And Carter with the game 7 OT goal CBJ vs. LAK Stanley Cup final 2017 confirmed. With our luck we'll still have Budaj in net lol. It's not that he's been bad recently, it's just that we REALLY want Quick back."
"Cream always rises to the top, and I'm about to show you the white hot cream of an eighth grade boy. ""The Gang Dances Their Asses Off"" I never hear it really mentioned a lot. Such a fantstic episode. Everyone is on top of their game!"
Try Gidget the Midget in *A Midget on Milligan's Island* on for size. I was thinking about a Gilligan's Island porn parody this week and forgot until now. I'm off to do research!
"Youtube delete the video in something like 10 minute So where's the video at, someone couldn't make a copy and put it on youtube or somewhere else?"
"Nothing, life is pretty good. Well what he hell is wrong with you then?!"
Best dunker of all time imo. 39 year old Vince Carter dunks over Corey Brewer
"Perhaps one day, Danny Boy will finally see the writing on the wall and sell the team. Native American Groups Protest 'Redskins' Name Outside Washington's Final Home Game"
"Yea, they seem to get buried. Huh, must have missed that one."
This is exactly how I imagined my attempt at this would go. Crayons and a hairdryer? Well fuck.
"If history is any indicator, it's dangerous for leaders to be chosen on the basis of who is best at working the population into the greatest nationalist fervor. Unfortunately nuanced discussion of politics rarely takes place in Mongolia (as you can probably guess from the posting in this sub). Which is why you have stuff like that singer Nara going on TV and being asked if she prostituted herself out to pay for her college degree in Japan or whatever, instead of being asked important questions like how a singer is a qualified to run for parliament or being asked about her policy stances. It's mostly just shit slinging and seeing who can work the population into the greatest nationalist fervor to acquire votes."
"Is this Freddy with the cute endoskeleton? Oh no, oh my god. What have i done?"
"Dumb question but don't u want as much oxygen available as possible when training? You see, no one cared about him until he put on the mask. In all seriousness, it's probably oxygen depletion training."
"Why not..both? Nah, bro. He's gonna drink High Life out of it."
I don't think you know what a lighthearted joke is. I don't think you know what diversity means.
Still more useful than building more tanks. Sorry to be the bearer of bad news but medical research firms and pharmaceutical companies are some of the most bloated and corrupt organizations on the face of the Earth.
Gootecks is great Damn I feel for that host. Seems like a good guy.
A more adorable and fun type of hydra. Lesser maze.
ron artest threw arizas shoe in the stands which was funny i also think he hit a three on the other end right after that. Andre Iguodala gets technical for kicking Corey Brewer's shoe
"And some say to this day they are still rowing. Tug of Boat, anyone?"
Classic kickback scheme. Disgraced Clinton Donor Got $13M In State Dept Grants Under Hillary
"I mean, aren't we sending weapons to the rebel group we're supporting? Apparently any man in his 20s is able to stay behind and fight. You know, the same way you and I could grab a few guns and some Cheetos, just storm a military base, and overthrow the party in charge. Ezpz."
"it sounds like you are responding to someone, but you are not. I agree it is glossing over Shakespeare's contribution to the art of literature and playwriting. At the same time, it is an article that is both accessible and thorough - and anything that opens more eyes to the beauty of his prose is welcome in my world. Offensive - really?"
"I always have this image in my head of celebrities I like being perfect human beings who do no wrong, this is really a shame to find out, but regardless he's an excellent actor TIL Mark Wahlberg (AKA Marky Mark) committed a number of unprovoked assaults, many of which were racial in nature, and one of which permanently blinded his victim."
"It's very 'boring' so to speak, to counter it Why do people dislike split pushing so much? It is a legit strategy. You win by killing the titan, not by team fighting."
Exploding comment tree! Note another pun thread!
"Egalitarianism is the only truly belief system that encourages equality. Any belief system that says one group of people born with a specific trait should have more or less rights than any other group to life, love, and the pursuit of happiness, is a dangerous belief system. I'm not advocating censorship, I'm advocating a cognitive approach to ideology."
"IMO there's not much aesthetics here The Swiss - Connect | vapory video, sweet song, could make a pimpin future funk track"
"I've had it happen before, I think it's just a server bug and it takes a while for it to catch up. Got a weird bug but forgot to screenshot. After I won the game the Ladder section was loading and said, ""Match In Progress"". The top said, ""You have left the game!"" instead of victorious, it doesn't appear in my Match History, also no MMR change. Anyone else had this?"
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure everyone was as hyped as they could be about Peter Jackson coming back for the Hobbit. that was sarcasm. nobody thougt he would fk it up. and IMO the tauriel storyline was not part of the problem, it was the interaction of MANY bad decisions, and lack of depths."
"Wouldn't it just be a regular burn because it isn't the sun? Judging by the number of LEDs, that would be an instant sunburn."
"The biggest evidence from PG = PG is that he's in the safe room while recording. He's probably talking about the backstage, where there's lots of spare heads for Freddy, Bonnie, and Chica. (And no, I'm *not* a Phone Guy=Purple Guy believer)"
"yeah I get that, my comment was more tongue in cheek. Not really that, they want to charge people to use their snippets simply because they want money. What they don't realize is Google doesn't charge them to show up in their search results, so why should google tolerate having them in the results anyways, it's not like Google was helping people reach their website for free riiiiight?"
That wasn't your point. Exactly my point.
"Okay okay, lets call it a Supreme Super James Bond Puzzle with Extra Peppers. How the hell you can call this medium puzzle? This should be labeled, supreme super james bond puzzle! Nice idea tho."
is it not the next sonic screwdriver? Overcompensating
"I don't think I should have to pay for any of those things, but you are right that under our current system is would make sense. Yet people endlessly complain about how they don't want their tax dollars spent on other people's birth control....but if you don't provide birth control for everyone, then your tax dollars are going to end up paying for WIC, Food Stamps, Subsidized student loans, Pell Grants, etc. for all them precious babies for decades to come."
"I don't think H1A is gonna have multiplayer, is it? PSA: Be Prepared to Lose... A Lot The truth of the Halo games is that many people have drifted away from the older games and are only playing the recent iteration of Halo. However, a rather large community of players are still on the older games. When MCC launches, don't be surprised if you match up against somebody that absolutely thrashes you at a Halo 1/2/3 map. Most everybody will agree that there is a massive skill gap in the earlier games and there's a fair chance you'll get matched up with the people that have met the cap after playing for ten years."
"that really is not that big of a change for it to be a different gobble gum It could apply to the whole team, and give you zombie makeover. Same reason why we have Perkaholic, and On the House (which basically does the same thing: giving you more perks)."
"The title of the thread isn't asking for all time great. I suppose you got downvoted for putting ""Murray TBC"" But I think you're absolutely correct about that. There's no way that Murray is an ""all time great"" just yet."
Ramses Sandoval? is the Spanish announcer the same guy who does the English announcing.
So how many hours did you stay on the kitchen chair? I lost... My parents got me to eat my broccoli.
Looks pasturized to me. Eyeballs deep
"COME AND GET IT with a caterpiller tractor underneath yeah, they should have just sprayed ""Don't tread on me!"""
expensive doesn't always mean bad.. if you have the isk why not haha If i spend enough plex on my fit it'll win anything! (500m breacher)
"paywall, first 3-5 free type site People who use ""Incognito Mode"" on your web browser for reasons other than porn, what are those reasons?"
"Socio-economically, yes, I agree. Still Caucasian."
Same could be said for you and your opinion being posted by multiple people in the same thread. Thanks for posting your opinion about six times in the same thread.
"Or people look at Trump's exact words one day and then look at his exact words on another day. So one ""journalist"" says this is what he meant then another says no this is what he meant, neither check his website then they call him a flip flopper."
There's actually a scene like that in a book I'm reading. I want a huge puddle of soupy walkers that are all rotten together in a big pile of nasty goop
Well it's not like Congress is sending him any legislation to sign or acting on the Supreme Court nominee he named nearly a year ago. I mean really though. What the fuck is Obama doing? He has a job.
The whole post *is* the title... there isn't any text (what the body of a post is referred to as) at all. Was the title a graphic or something? It looks like text to me. Or did you mean he should have expounded beyond the length of the title?
"Nope Anyone avoid public lobbies and go straight to invite only? So as the title says that's pretty much how I play. I'd love to play contact missions, VIP work, random freemode shenanigans with people who play the same way, and try to avoid griefers and 12 year olds in public lobbies. I am on pretty consistently in the evenings in the pacific time zone and on PS4. Anyone in the same boat and looking for some company?"
Crack hamster Everybody needs a desk weasel
"No because the laws of physics don't allow it. reddit, do you believe in ghosts? And if so, why?"
Now that's desperation! Yankees sign Chris Young to a minor league deal.
Leck mich am arsch German language defening
Sex worker* I bet he could afford a prostitute but doesn't want to get arrested. **Again.**
Nice meme. Reasons to live
"I think it would be a lot better if the linear story didn't take up the whole season but only a part of it. Season 20, so far, is one of the best seasons in years. I love how the show isn't so episodic anymore. How each episode ties in with the rest. I really do think that Trey's writing is a lot better when the show is done like this as well. Now, don't get me wrong, this season isn't as good as the earlier ones. However, it's miles ahead of seasons 14-18. I really am enjoying this season a lot more than I have others."
You're too immature to be in a relationship. he used to talk to them before I told him how uncomfortable it makes me.
You look like you could use a girl with a strap-on right about now. Incredibly horny on a rainy Saturday night
Awesome response haha My first sex creeper. I feel like I'm still learning the ways of sass!
"they've got gross girls and their boobies there How is Visions for football on Sunday's? I'm headed back into town right now I wanted to grab a drink and check out the games. I keep hearing good thing about Visions, is it worth a shit? You know you can't trust what you read on the Internet."
Worse than GO90? you mean even worst than the truth?
I stated that to indicate that I use my keyboard extensively. Why do programmers have the need to remind everyone that they are a programmer?
Cr1t- and zai are as much NA star as Puppey and PLD are SEA stars Secret isnt secret anymore and eg isnt eg anymore Its basically sea stars vs NA stars (I consider cr1t and zai NA enough to be included)
"Nice one sticking to your guns, smart move, LDLC is not as bad as they looked versus CLG. Holy fuck, please LDLC. One of my rules for betting is to never change teams and I think I just might be in luck."
Well you're wrong. This is kind of sad.
"Acting like you don't like it kills da kultcha You need to chill out dude, it's just battle rap."
Should have bought cans This guy dropped a case of beer 1 minute after the bottle shop closed NYE
"But english is a necessity, not like french or german Probably still better aptitude than the UK where I live. Pretty much every student, except a small minority from my experience, has an aversion to learning a new language."
Amazing playlist on that game. NCAA 06!
"Vince especially, and considering he has a feature. I do"
"You shouldn't be downvoted, He was busted on some bullshit. He got in trouble on some bullshit last time. He supposedely cleaned up and stayed sober until the jet home from the last game of the season. He thought the season was over since they played the last game"
"The police made the exact same mistake. Leave the police work to the police. I would think any information that comes up and may be deemed relevant should be reported to the proper authority and not posted on a Bulletin style website. Maybe next time (hopefully there isnt one) information is posted about how to contact those agencies and mods might have to stay on top of shooting down anything that reveals personal information. Lets learn from this, i know we meant the best but we cannot let this happen again."
it is the fat man whats your real username
That was painful to watch lol CSGO / BO3 crossover. Imagine if comp were like this.
"Good guy tebow strikes again Alabama House of Representatives passes 'Tim Tebow Act', allowing Homes Schooled teens to play for their local high school sports teams."
"delicious, thanks for sharing. Three breads from three different flours (GBBO Bakealong)"
"If they hadn't added all the extra crap they could have condensed it to 2 movies easily. To be fair, The Hobbit is a very different beast than Lord of the rings. Its basically a fairy tale, full of prancing elves and pratfalls, although the climax is rather grim. Wouldn't have made much of a movie, except possibly as a comedy."
"Is there anything even comparable to Jimmy Saville that has come to light in the States? I dunno, man. It seems fairly epidemic in the States, too. Maybe it's just...people."
"I'm sure many guys can report that it seems like the opposite is true: as soon as you get a girl, suddenly the hordes of women who never noticed you take up an interest. TIL that Hitler hid his relationship with Eva Braun because he believed that he was sexually attractive to women and wished to exploit this for political gain by remaining single, as he felt marriage would decrease his appeal"
Oh I was taking everything I could but it's really hard to 1v2 farm when your carry is sitting invisible. You have to know the times when you're playing a support when you're better off farming over the AD carry you're supposed to be supporting. It's better to have someone on the team with the gold rather than just letting it all go to the minions.
"Yea, so widgets and launchers are ""hacks"". Android and Pc are allready hacked. Thats why you Can ACTURALLY customize it!"
Me too :( I miss Hanson.
"Like a little kid on Christmas morning... I love it Klay Thompson hits a deep three, makes Steph as happy as a clam"
What is this supposed to mean? Yeah. *SOUTH WILL RISE AGAIN!!!*
We let up 7 points we won not lucky our D played good. Because we were lucky. We were fucking shit
"OOC: Ah, gotcha. **ooc;** I'm aware of that, but Jaceus isn't. He's 12."
r/nocontext People would always freak out when I did this. Eat the lil butt too. Eat the whole damn ting.
Is that the USS Texas? Multi-ship flyby (Pearl Harbor)
Gratzi! Nice name!
"I have to say that although I've experienced the most prompt service at the S. Broadway location, the DTC location has my favorite layout...Can't wait to try this new locale. DTC too."
Also she had some marijuanas. She was on the verge of having an existential crisis.
"Some of you plants are alright, dont go outside tomorrow it was bullied at cacti school"
No..Time got it own backbone bai TM owns TIME FIBRE? I just know that TIME piggyback TM backbone.
Because alcohol doesn't cause illness after prolonged mild use. Why has our culture turned against tobacco but not against alcohol?
Except there's way more data and creationists use way less of it. So accurate it's not even funny.
"That was a pretty ugly at bat from Peralta. Game 12: St. Louis Cardinals (8-3) @ Washington Nationals (6-7) **Cardinals Lineup** 1) Carpenter, 3B .400 2) Heyward, RF .213 3) Holliday, LF .361 4) Peralta, SS .302 5) Reynolds, 1B .250 6) Jay, CF .216 7) Molina, C .282 8) Wong, 2B .219 9) Lynn, P 1.64 ERA **Nationals Lineup** 1) Span, CF .200 2) Desmond, SS .314 3) Werth, LF .130 4) Harper, RF .267 5) Zimmerman, 1B .184 6) Escobar, 3B .286 7) Ramos, C .268 8) Espinosa, 2B .238 9) Gonzalez, P 5.11 ERA"
"David his hundreds, and u/Terraemotus his tens of hundreds! I have collected the skin of 2000 men"
"Wow, where do I go to see what happens next? Galactus givesnno fucks. (Ultimates #6)"
"pat the pupper is this a revolution or a costume party, pupper? Pupper either way red bandanas is a boring theme"
"refund for what? I quit the game and been asking for a refund every few days.... the fair play is a good idea, but the game is just too slow and crappy to enjoy now a days. it was much more fun the first few months..."
"Up vote because Boone. The people who have to point it out as a repost are just sexually frustrated. You see, there are an amount of people on reddit that exclusively come here for karma. Karma gets these people off. The higher the number of comment or link points they have, the more efficiently they can blow their load with more satisfaction. So when they see someone else posting and getting a lot of cum-making karma, they get pissed because only if they would have thought to repost this, they could have been in total orgasmic bliss for a few moments. In retaliation, they try their best to point out that the other guy is an asshole and make them look stupid. Then, usually, nobody cares and they go flaccid and sulk for awhile."
Welcome.. to the future! This Vodka has an LED Display built into the glass
But if you want a fair chance of winning its better u get no where near as much xp as in dom or hardpoint
"Does it happen to say ""Don't apply directly to skin"" on the pack? TIFU: By putting an ice pack directly on my skin. Well, unlike most of TIFU this actually just happened today. I was laying in bed and my arm had gotten sore, when I rolled over it felt like I had pulled a muscle. So not wanting it to get any worse I grabbed a big ice pack from the freezer and began to apply it to my shoulder. 5 minutes later I decided to remove it and see how my shoulder felt. This was when I realized I had fucked up.... My skin on my shoulder was literally frozen and white with frost. It was weird because I didn't feel the usual tingly feeling that shows maybe its time to take this cold pack off... Now I have a big red spot on my shoulder and am hoping it doesn't blister up. TLDR: Had sore shoulder put ice pack on with no barrier and got ice burn."
"work yung blood gotta pay them college fees r/teenagers, Where have you been this summer? I went to Croatia for a week with the family, went to the place where they film game of thrones. I've got a holiday to Berlin for 4 days in a week as well. We're going to gettin drunk on cheap beer every night! So where have you guys been/ going to ?"
"You look like Aubrey Plaza's brother I was trying so hard to be ""goth""...oh, boy... *sigh*"
Is that actually enough force to set them off? I tape them to the tips of nerf darts and let fly.
"So which came first, this or Kill Bill? Bruce Lee got nothing on this guy"
"No offense, but I've been reading about this issue for quite some time. Did you even read the original article though? It was highly flawed. Additionally, ignoring new information in presenting it doesn't show objectivity, it shows an unwillingness to understand the issue you're trying to explain."
"Uhh... Soak the meat in salted water, milk, buttermilk or vinegar to remove blood from the flesh."
Source? Islam should be treated as a political ideology because it is one.
"Ladle+ CoC... Sounds like hell but fun. You could try a ladle only run and join the company of champions, or a no bonfire run"
"No, because larger chords are more commonly played with the left hand, and is thus used to stretching more often. I can do 9th on right as a big stretch and 9th on left extremely easily, I can do a 10th left hand without much difficulty.. Is that normal to have a difference between hands?"
Stop!/10 Rate my loadout
"Yeah, I didn't see the link, I was like ""so many internet points"" but blah, I guess not. Already posted x2 Either way it's good news."
"Many times, but not often enough. Wasn't there a congressman that voted completely against his personal beliefs because the people he was sent to represent wanted it?"
Your computer wouldn't be colder than your room unless you are using a refrigerant to cool it. weather says it should be around 19c. It does start to heat my room up after a few hours. But it doesn't bother me.
"Belichick has the best press conferences, don't lie. Not an idiot. He just gets a pass for saying stupid shit because of who he is. Just like belichick gets a pass for giving dumb ass interviews."
"AJ: ""I think *you'd* be surprised. Lol, I meant to write arm triangle. As to cm punk only having two legs.... I think you'd be surprised."
"Well you see... (insert state making rules to prohibit itself) may be true but (legal loophole judge identifies). Oh, look, another post on reddit about law and court decisions which is *painfully* wrong... which is upvoted to the top, gilded, and then a bunch of other people circle-jerk pat themselves on the back for being so intelligent and reasonable because they agree with it. All of them, all congratulating each other for reading the case and doing research and reaching the same, painfully incorrect opinion."
maybe I just gave you one too you really didnt
"Wisdom. A lot of people make nutrition related health problems a problem of personal responsibility--if only they had the will power to eat better, or the skill to prepare healthy home cooked meals. For animals in any environment, the average health of the animals is based on the health of the environment they are raised in. Cattle raised on nutrient poor pasture will be less healthy than those raised on fertile soils, and no one claims them to lack self control in eating. It's a simple matter of the nutrients available to the animals in the ecosystem. The same exact law applies for humans, and as a society, we've done a horrendous job of making a healthy ecosystem to live in. When the majority of food sold is unhealthy, the majority of people will eat unhealthy food, and the majority of people will suffer from nutrition related health problems--this is simple fact and there is no getting around it. Of course, this problem is skewed towards poor people, because unhealthy food tends to be the cheapest and quickest to prepare. Yes, with the proper skill and time you can cook amazing healthy meals at home for a fraction of the price of even cheap processed food, but the poorest people tend to be the most strapped for time, and often lack the needed cooking skills. Until we accept the current nutrition related health epidemics as societal problems, we will not get anywhere in solving them. We need to make access to high quality nutritious food a basic right for everyone, and improve education around what to eat and how to prepare it."
The first shot was fired when he reached into his jacket for his gun. Much of it was justified. Not arguing that. The point I'm arguing is that the shot fired when he had his hands in the air was unlawful.
"Knowing the government, an insignificant sum would be spent on childcare anyways. So, taxpayers?"
"You're not considering the fact that tear now refunds a percentage of the mana used for spells, plus meditation and i think there will be no mana problems with lux. Literally 3 Lux E's for that to be gone. It straight out sucks for her and the changes to flat mana are still stupid imo.Zed and Azir will have a field day... This and essentially deleting athenes from the game"
"Danny Granger, veteran, leader, would be good off the bench, and i fucking hate the Pacers. With Lowry and Gortat likely re-signing with their former teams, what free agents should now be at the top of the Heat's list?"
"hands down AR15, not even close, hes projected top 10 wr ros in everything ive seen Taco in my league (Yahoo standard 10 team) dropped the following players this week: * Luck * A. Robinson * Edelman * Gates I've got the #3 waiver spot this week and can't make up my mind who I should go after first. My team: QB: Wilson/Rivers RB: CJ Anderson/Lamar Miller/Gio/McKinnon/Dixon WR: DeVante Parker/Fitz/Coates/Tyrell Williams/ Travis Benjamin TE: Gronk/Pitta K: Brown DEF: Minnesota Was thinking Luck. Don't necessarily need him but he could be good trade bait. Don't think Edelman or Gates are worth it. Not sure about Robinson. Right now my first claim is to drop Pitta to get Luck. If that does not work my second is to drop Pitta to get Robinson. Should I reverse that order? Should I skip the waivers all together? Any thoughts or advice would be appreciated. Thanks and hope everyone is having a fun season."
IP Conflict Duplex Mismatch Could you help me brainstorm all the possible reason a server might lose connectivity to the WAN and LAN suddenly. Network cable unplugged.
"1920 x 1080 with a 22 inch monitor My i5 at 4.1ghz and a single 7970 OCed to 1150mhz runs WoT on everything max, 1920x1080 at 60fps, dipping down to the 40s when there's a lot of action or I'm in some weird spot on the map. If I turn off vsync and deal with screen tearing I see up to 120 fps. That doesn't mean much until multicore comes out. There are some glitches with your friend's crossfire with dual cards and I'm betting WoT doesn't make very good use of that either. You might also be getting great FPS because you play on 1366x768."
fuckin semantics Interesting definition of minor considering he was the main villain
"something something mercerism. For Louisiana's Hillary Clinton fans, Day 1 of 2016 Democratic convention a lesson in empathy"
"Justin and Jason, pop a squat. I cant wait for Morgan to stun the world and win the DE HOH"
Not enough information has been provided from either side to make an informed decision. Brexit - what are your thoughts on it?
yes Is this a scam?
Nothing embarrassing about a dank meme She is embarrassed to be associated with her generation
"It's still really good value, potentially 2/2, 1/3, at least Shaman's hero power totems aren't actually 2 cost minions, two of them are equivalent to 0 cost minions (searing = wisp, taunt = target dummy) and the other two are 1 mana minions at best. Shaman and paladin's hero powers are overcosted compared to the minions they actually spawn because they're always available and don't cost any cards. In essence you're playing a 0 mana body with a deathrattle that has a 50+% chance of spawning another 0 mana body. That's really not overpowered, lots of cards do the same thing but faster and more reliably. I know people hate RNG but that doesn't mean the card is too strong."
"Hat: Ham Misc 1: Ham Misc 2: Ham Primary: Ham Secondary: Ham Melee: Ham PDA: Ham PDA2: Wilson Weave You are allowed any weapons in any slot. What's the most OP/UP load out you can think up? I imagine the Booties, the Razorback and the Fan of War on a Heavy would be the weakest thing in the game."
"I read that as ""drive off"" and the idea was 10x more awesome for a few seconds. I just want to dive off of an actual skyscraper"
"Wait so she has friends that give her a ride to the store, but then send her in alone? The kind leading the blind"
"I'd be ok if they work on some case together in a single episode (of either show), but a whole season of that is better left to Defenders. Season 2 of what? If throughout the season we ""switch"" between Daredevil and Jessica, it can't really be a season of either. Doesn't mean the characters can't show up. Of course they can (and will), but we can't be switching between them and then brining them together in the climax. You can do that on a Defenders show but not on Jessica Jones or Daredevil. It's like Jessica Jones season 1. Luke Cage plays a significant role but we never switch between her and Jessica. Jessica is always the protagonist. It's her show."
Wow... That looks nice. New teaser!
I personally find I get better flavour from the high ohm builds with a 50/50 PG/VG juice Good flavor from a lower powered build.
"If ""ignoring"" now means ""pining for attention"" everyone in this sub should abandon ship, for we will never survive hitting that iceberg of solid creep logic. everyone grab your creeper bingo cards! Time for some hilarity"
"And then out of nowhere comes a Titan sprinting ""SHOULDERCHAAAAARGE"" More like ""'Durr bhurr, look at me I'm a floofy warlock and I think I'm better than everyone hurr' **PSYCHE** I'm a hunter and I *am* better than everyone"""
"Could still be a dangerous church though. I was around 4-7. So a long ass time ago, those people are most likely dead by now."
"Overwatch sometimes had the bug that it launched with 60hz instead of 144hz, I could feel the difference within 5 seconds of the first spawn. 144hz tip (don't be an idiot like me) So I recently upgraded to a 144hz monitor, and had it for about a month before I realized you need to manually change the refresh rate on it in the Windows settings, which led me to learn I actually needed a specific type of cable to support 144hz. After having it delivered, and switching to 144hz, the difference was immediately noticeable, even just on the Windows desktop. However, in the weeks that followed, I couldn't shake the nagging suspicion that even though my desktop was in 144hz, OW wasn't actually running at that. It didn't feel like 144hz. Finally, while I was watching Seagull's stream this morning, I noticed something interesting as he adjusted his settings. There was a little 144 in parentheses next to his resolution. With a sinking suspicion, I booted my game and saw a 60 in parentheses next to mine. I selected the drop down menu and sure enough: 1920x1080 (60) 1920x1080 (100) 1920x1080 (120) 1920x1080 (144) I switched to 144 and it was like night and day. I've heard people say ""Oh yeah, 144 is only a slight difference, you only notice it if you go back to normal after you've played that way for a really long time."" But no, I noticed the difference immediately. Switching back to 60 hz felt like the first time I tried going back to 30 FPS after I'd experienced 60 FPS. I have no doubt that this is going to help improve my play in the neat future. So TL;DR - 144hz monitor is so worth it if your rig/you can afford it, just don't be an idiot like me and make sure you actually have it set to 144hz."
only thing ive heard about starwars is how annoyed everyone is that everyone is talking about starwars and how little they care about starwars Reddit suicide
"Soooo close, brushed the top of the net! Match Thread - Southampton vs Arsenal"
Didn't they talk about him dying in Iraq around 2007 then turning out to be wrong? Isis leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi 'seriously wounded in air strike'
Kid's going places for sure ADHD much? How do you go from talking about routers to describing how to suck dick that quickly?
Thank you :) I like this.
"Actually, (9/11) * 100 = 81.81818181.... No, 91,100."
"i like turtles. Redditors who haven't had the chance to tell your story, what story are you dying to tell?"
"I got them all except the Mii Fighters(completely blanked) and all the Animal Crossing ones because I've never played them amiibo Quiz! - Updated with all the E3 announcements (SMB 30th, Animal Crossing and Skylanders)"
"Trinity? cc1, cc2, 3 cc3, and other items Offers"
"Sure, but the question I am asking is if it puts people in a bind where handing over the gun causes them to break a law, and NOT handing it over causes them to break the law. Not any more than if there was no trust. Trusts don't do anything that specifically ""lets"" you break laws."
Do you have any examples of the marketing they used? Marketing and it is a bit sweet.
"Grant is a fine actor, but he would be completely out of place beside Ben Affleck &amp; co. C'mon dude, I'm excited for Ezra Miller but Grant Gustin has made me tear up a few times. Dude's talented."
Op dindu nuffin This post is racist.
"Theoretically, yeah, but humans don't tend to select mates on whether they were born with wisdom teeth or not. So we can devolve them eventually?"
Oh right how could I forget the great Bebinho There have been worse. Much worse. Bebe springs to mind.
Islam Which pantheon will new Clash have as a theme?
i thought it was a vague WL reference to her birthday.. or something. googled the phrase october surprise.. never heard of it b4 this election.
PANDERING LOL Today is the last day of the Democratic convention and the crook herself will be speaking tonight! So here's our final National Democratic Convention thread.
"Random: ""hart"" is Dutch for, well, heart. Crosby and Malkin are the kings of my hart, but Ovi, Benn, and Seguin have significant real estate as well."
Word It is better to be alone than to be with those who hinder your progress.
"really ? Pretty much every country does this, except Canada."
i hate to be reactionary but what the hell is Bevell thinking haha HAWKS BEARS GAME THREAD Discuss.
Emulators have a disc change function and you can select the file of the new disc you want it to read How do multi disk games work on emulators I've never actually tried.
"and what wouldve happened if we did nothing to defend against those? Member the IRA, or the Basque movement?"
Gina Rinehart just couldn't stand seeing her poor employees having fun. Miners lose jobs over the Harlem Shake
"This mistake was absolutely not ""inevitable."" You have a very fair point, this big of a error should have been caught before it left the developing grounds, but i'm saying that people shouldn't be too mad about it, since it was inevitable honestly."
"It's my experience that these people can be so entrenched that they view the book as no less than faux. Honestly, I think you should go with her gut and give her *Dreams from my Father* by Obama himself. At least she'd get to see the President discussing his story in his own words, rather than a weird faux-documentary version of the book."
Are you saying that cheating can't be an addiction? These cheaters talk as if not cheating a month is comparable to an real achievement like not smoking for a month(for an addict wanting to quit).
"This is genius. Now that there are 7 star wars movies, it's possible to rate other movies on the star wars scale -- a scale from 1 to 7 where 5 is the best."
I have family meals like once a year My mom Do people not have family meals like every day?
Then I feel like a phone would be the better one to get. I have neither
Thriller - Michael Jackson What song do you think will be popular forever?
"Well, to reiterate the quote I posted from you: you do not know of when the US intelligence services have done anon DDoS or hacking because they do not sit around afterwards stroking their cocks, boasting about it like 4chan tends to. not me, i made no such judgments either way, all i did was layout my opinion. was called out for it. so i gave some source information to move the conversation along. that is all nothing more nothing less."
"too slow Deathwing Dragonlord. Get it Naturalized, bring out 5 more."
"I was just saying it's a dumb joke. No, but taking a College Humor post seriously means you should give up on life forever."
"Yeah, but what if even gore and blood irks me? I am also (The Ring = nightmares for actual weeks, brain still conjures those images when it wants me miserable at night) and it is not scary. It's not intended to be. It's a sci-fi masquerading/playing off horror."
Smurf that. Yes it's a good marklar to use different marklars. Otherwise you'll mean on marklar when talking about a completely different marklar. Then you'll go to one marklar and your marklar will go to a different marklar not realizing they went to the wrong marklar.
Probabury yesu. So probably something that a lot of weebs say then.
"Man, sometimes this sub just depresses me :l ""what if i hypnotize you to be my submissive slut?"""
Would be a fun party Day at the beach..
"Crazy Ahmed's Clock Emporium - ""Our prices aren't the only thing that's explosive"" He should get Ahmed to market it."
Bullet King is calling. UG
Nah-Eel Ya-ku-poff its ya-koo-pov not yaka-pov
"I didn't monetize the video so the copyrighted music didn't matter! Upvoted for that face. Pretty sure that is a copyrighted song, i dont know how the rules are for these on YT."
"""The"" ""problem"""
You are thinking of the Volt. I thought the Bolt has a gas backup engine? No?
In some ways more possible than for Java... C++ Functional Programming For Masochists
"That line pisses me off so much because his dad's fucking bumper sticker said that catchphrase ""Oh hell, Son, I was high that day. That doesn't make any sense at all, you can be second, third, fourth... hell you can even be fifth."" ""What? I've lived my whole life by that!"""
Admin would probably call fowl. It'll never happen. They're too chicken.
Well Mark Cuban is going to be on the list for sure. The race for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination is now open
They paid their buck'o'five for freedom I can't help but imagine what these brave men were thinking at that moment. They were freezing and knew they would probably die yet they stood out against the imperial legions. For your and my freedom; for the freedom of the galaxy. Thank you for your service
They'll make a case where you can attach a string to the Airpods But you can't charge if you have the earbuds connected to the phone.
"TJHaly, Temp, Simp, Skyz, Maux Best non-pros? Who are the best non-pros? Like cyborg or those type of people"
"I meant Axxiom.. which is a SC2 team.. same shit different game.. he still made a ton off of them. Huh, didn't know he had a LOL team. Got a source on that? Or are you just talking out of your ass. We all do shit for the money. Honestly the debate as to whether or not somebody needs it is irrelevant. Shit do you have a job? Does having that job or accepting a promotion make you a sellout and compromise your opinion on stuff? Like do you shill for McDonalds instead of burger king and you opinion on fast food is no longer valid? (I just assume you're under employed. People bitter about ""selling out"" usually are)"
I think of him as one of my favorite players in general who graced us with his presence for a little while. already one of my favorite 49ers of all time and he only played a few seasons with us.
"Amen. I'm not referring to any specific book. I'm just saying that a lot of people in general - not just drivers - have a me-first attitude. The driver who leaves just enough space for a car to merge and ignores the guy with his turn signal on is a part of the problem. The cyclist who blows by a car that's signalling a right turn because there's just enough room between it and the curb is a part too. So is the pedestrian who doesn't cross behind a car at a busy intersection. All of those people are being careless and putting themselves and others at a higher risk. They're not legally responsible for anything because they're following the written rules, but that doesn't mean that what they're doing is smart or sensible."
He's the type of guy we can use in playoffs! Just like he uses James Johnson
"Goes well with the British white, brown and pink sauces. I love a good glob of yellow on my burger."
"Perhaps, though the R1's are not nearly as capable as the later M11x's I was thinking along of the lines of maybe you can good idea of relatively how many were sold by how many are available second-hand. It was all the r1's being sold second hand"
"Yea osx or linux pretty much are the norm for cs. Also Computer Science. A large chunk of my department uses Apple products. There are the Alienware kids and the self-built laptop guys but I think most people would be surprised how well Mac OS does in this field. I use a Mac *because* of the fact that it's Unix based and it's a mainstream OS. Also I produce music with Ableton and so many audio interfaces and MIDI controllers connect immediately with my device, whereas if I had a Windows box I would have to download a bunch of drivers. To each their own."
"NEVER, he is truly one of the funniest people in American movies in my opinion and it's a shame he and most studio heads aren't seeing eye to eye :/ I *never* get tired of Jim Carrey's physical comedy."
"PM Sent I feel you, I also own Macs but my development experience is more centered towards the Windows side of things. Any Mac developers here willing to take a crack at coding a GUI?"
"Like any Republican, he will claim it is someone else's fault. Trump is being handed a great economy. What happens when it goes south?"
"GabeN! I'm the guy who had designed a gaben on my school's agenda, school started this week!"
you can see his wrinkles when he rages He got tan
"Hence why I'm pre-ordering it in advance of my funeral, when it comes out. It won't be out by the time you retire"
"Horizon 3 is midnight club 3 Forza edition. Can you elaborate? I also do not like racing games, but I'm curious to know why Forza is so enjoyable."
What specifically did they say that was wrong? PKN 75 Another cringe Ep. for Cannabis users
I remember when he played centre midfield in Alex Neil's second home game against Brentford.. That was a dark day When has Whittaker ever played centre back?
nice flair ESPN provides fair and balanced coverage.
"mp o , mpy hpomh yp viy yjr hiu dp,r d;svl/ Cut the guy some slack, ""i"" and ""o"" are right next to each other. He didn't make the same mistake in the second sentence."
Do i look like your mother's pussy? eat a dick pussy
Using humans as currency... Seems legit. I'll happily pay human money for that twisted up coat hanger
But did he get the wiper juice? Told this guy to go pick up some headlight fluid.
"Just the idea that if there was no homophobia, everyone would be ""pansexual"" is a stupid idea. I think you might be right. But am wondering why you feel the need to tell me this."
"Apples to apples, buddy. No that is way more expensive than today, in Sweden atleast."
"I couldn't stomach book 2 after a few episodes, however I did get to see the epic Gundam fight at the end...the fuck was that all about? Ugh this is why Book 2 of The Legend of Korra was so weak. They escalated the plot way too early."
"It's a panic attack, you dumb shit. This lady is something other than drunk, or she has the strangest reaction to alcohol I've ever seen. I mean she's practically fucking aneurysm-ing in the beginning."
What do you plan on playing? I will :). thanks man. I honestly am more excited to build than play. but both will be great
**DEPARTMENT OF MEMELAND SECURITY** If he wins this subreddit deserves a cabinet position.
It would do the same amount of damage in X or Y form. Though if ash's charizard turned to its x mega imagine that seismic toss
"Fuck yeah! Thunderstruck As the Official song of Team Yellow? When we take a gym, you can say, ""You've been ... Thunderstruck!!"" (cheesy, I know) other suggestions of songs?"
The 1st one looks akin to the movie. Mucking around with my Prometheus dolls.
"That's why they have been wanting him out, now that he is in and the news it out, they can't replace Clinton with another candidate that toes the same line as easily. Which is why calls for him to drop out are the worst thing her surrogates can be doing right now."
"It's from an episode of family guy where a cast member of star trek: the next generation was asked this question This isn't the first time I've seen this question asked in an AMA... is this the new unfunny ""Duck-Sized Horse"" meme question?"
Save it for late July. How Would Changing The Laws Of Physics Change Football?
:D :D :D :D :(
Chevy was working the phones since May but wasn't able to swing a deal for LHD. So they didn't have time in the 6 months before he went public?
Same...I eat in my room. My daily routine when I have no school.
So base 15? Hexadecimal. He apparently lost the F.
Yup. As what? The guy that almost guaranteed something?
"Good damn it, I need a new support to spice up my life no looks like an assassin. From the abilities we saw she had an aoe slow about the size of blizzard/d flamestrike that persisted for a few seconds. a skill shot like the dragon skull shown in the teaser and what I can only assume was an ult kind of like water dragon."
"She's very pretty, shame that she's crazy. The State has Become our God"
"You do realize that dead people can't establish a caliphate? I don't know that Western intervention would prevent ISIS from establishing a caliphate, and I'm unwilling to assume it would. This is the same logic that led to our pre-emptive war in Iraq. ""We have to do something!"" gets replaced by ""Let's try anything!"" Assuming ISIS were to gain a government foothold in Syria or Iraq, the 1st step is sanctions. Cut off their supplies from the outside, non-terrorist nations. Eventually ISIS has to offer something to its adherents aside from continued warfare. The last thing we want to do is engage them. It's what they want. It's good for recruiting."
Now Im just waiting for the Mass Effect Collection. BioShock Collection revealed via Brazilian rating board
The Jamochoa is not the same anymore... Every time I walk past an Arby's I sing a song about Jamoca.
"I would like to assume that the player is rolling saves for his own companion, but with some DM's I guess you never know. Was the DM or the player rolling those?"
"Rivers or Stafford? Are you trusting Phillip Rivers championship week? Rivers play has, over the past few weeks, severely dropped, with his turnover and yardage numbers worsening in what weren't considered very difficult matchups. This week, he gets Cleveland who (not to their credit) haven't allowed a QB to throw over 200 yards for three straight weeks due to uncompetitive games and a porous run D, which could very well be the case again this week with Melvin Gordon eyeing a return."
"Report back tomorrow damnit With that logic, there's a 50% chance I'll have a threesome with Steffi Graf and Luna Lovegood today. Either I will (50%) ... or I won't (50%)."
Time has come today. #IT'S ABOUT TIME
"Lots of men also stick around in abusive relationships, because 1. people will shame them for being victims of abusive women, 2. she can use the kids as leverage and 3. he will be bled dry financially. Did feminism help lower the divorce rate?"
"Heck yeah, Bombay represent! Am I the only one who was pleasantly happy with how swift and coperative my city police (Mumbai police) were during my passport procedure. I was expecting extreme headaches but wqs pleasently suprised o how hasslefree it was. I expect the experience is different flor every person"
This is a dude 22 in economics class.. but horny ugh
All the guns are pointed at her tits. Hidden objects (3 handguns). Can you find a 3?
Not your DNA just your ass for some anal probing I can't blame 'em. Goddamn aliens and government are always after my DNA too.
"sicc grind, pupper me irl"
I wish it did in conquest It does in revelation
"Remember kids, data you don't have more than two copies of is data you don't care about! This is a failed hard drive from a customer's server. The read/write head has been entirely ground away and distributed throughout the enclosure as a fine powder. The gouge to the right of the actuator arm is about half a millimetre deep. Mother of all head crashes?"
"I come from my eyes, too, but it burns. So... I want to know what this says. So I naturally go to translate it. I don't think either are correct... Google: I have been writing so beautiful, I have come from my eyes Bing: Very nice yazmisin dancing, snaps of my eyes has arrived"
"Sadly I have a 390 NVIDIA Shield if you have an NVIDIA GPU. Otherwise, a Raspberry Pi set up for streaming should work too."
"Tough on crime, tough on the causes of crime. But Brexit means Brexit!!"
Loved it! Sense8 Christmas Special orgy scene
Have the best Air Force What does the United States do better than any other country?
"in 1937? Oh, look where crimea isn't."
"Brandon Marshall drops more balls than puberty. Jake Long, Brandon Marshall, Pouncey, Dansby, Davis, etc.?"
Turns out that he's playing VR porn Yeah! Freak him out by sucking his dick!
"9-6=3... Funny, I look at you as being much older because when it came out I was in 6th grade. And when you are a kid 6th grade compared to 9th grade is a long time. But it's only 4 years."
"He's blocked me. Go back a couple of comments and click permalink on one of our comments. He says you're an hour away from a major metal hub, though I have no idea how he knows that."
"cool as, yeah big channel count It's FOH for a large one-off we are doing next week. Large Pink Floyd tribute show. FOH is a Midas XL4 and Midas H3K side by side. Each desk has it's own outboard rack. Both desks are close to maxed out on channel count."
"a vos te imaginaba mas o menos como eres, salvo que con rulos... because las 3 rosarinas que conoci eran ruludas... ya se... pero bueno... besos Mmmm, la cara no me imaginaba, pero siempre como un tipo grandote."
Hi devotion This is devotion.
"This girl I was sleeping with before I was diagnosed with cancer asked me if it was contagious and if she should get checked like it was an STD or something. ""Catching cancer""? In what century was your husband raised?"
The way he magnetizes to Rein is extremely satisfying Alley-oop!
"In a dynasty league, REALLY hope they put him on the DL instead of taking up another roster spot along with Keuchel and Salazar. Carlos Carrasco leaves after 2 pitches. SEASON OVER. Unbelievable. went -7 in pts league earlier this week, now this. I hate fantasy sports why do allow myself to care"
"Reminds me of that movie from the early-mid nineties, The Big Green, where kids covered themselves in cheetos for birds to eat off them for fun. Death by rabbits"
"No, he was establishing dominance first, then he got in his car and sped off. Eww, I hope he at least let the other guy out first."
"Watch C9 crash and burn and get Incarnation back. It'll be interesting to see who would replace him, since he has pretty good synergy with the team. He will be missed"
And they stop blood from oozing out of your vagina. And they make cool fake cigars for kids!
"If you were playing against Faker, you'd always want to try kill him because you know that if you don't, he'll 1 v 5 you. I guess they are not Faker's fans."
"That would happen if it was rolling through Beverley Hills. I was just thinking that. I can see that thing rolling through a ghetto somewhere, and a bunch of kids blindside it and knock it over, then run away laughing."
"It works both ways, I can't understand not wanting to have one since most people will never use it for anything other than hunting, or recreational use. Guns. I get the 2nd ammendment even though I don't agree with it. And I know its not every gun owner. But seriously some of the gun culture is insane."
All Bobby tables wanted to do was join the robotics team What caused the recent registration issues...
"I think the statement was more to the tune of, 'pot meet kettle' or another one about the log in your eye. TIL you can't criticize other countries unless yours is perfect"
Full arena surround sound! My first concert was this tour for the Pros and Cons of hitch hiking. Great show!
2 Yes? No? Maybe so?
"Firefighters can stand the heat. Police, firefighters called in after flat Earth debate turns heated"
"oh my god yes i can't be the only one frustrated by people saying ""toons"" seriously fucking stop"
"They also have no means to defend their remaining rights or reclaim the ones they've lost, so yes. ""Hi, how are you this evening?"" ""Well, thanks. What's the issue, officer? ""Oh, nothing. We just would like a sample of your [bodily fluid]."" ""Oh. Um, have I committed a crime, or do you suspect I have?"" ""No, sir. We just pulled you over for the sample. Give it to us, and you may be on your way."" ""Oh, yeah. That's perfectly reasonable. Here you go..."" Does this, or doesn't it, sound like dystopian fiction?"
"When I came back about a year ago, my first thought about the company was that ending the brand split was a mistake. I started watching wrestling again and so far I am very disappointed. It's the same matches over and over with the same people over and over again. They need to split Smackdown back into its own roster of wrestlers with their own story lines and maintain it."
Cat. Cat.
"True Bore Season 7 Episode 2 ""I Found You"" Aired 06/29/2014 Synopsis: A trio of hostages taken in the Bellefleur's attack looks to a familiar face as a possible liberator from the H-vamps. Sookie and Jason visit the neighboring town of Saint Alice, where a young woman's diary offers clues to the potential fate of Bon Temps. Spurned by Lafayette, a desperate Lettie Mae turns to Willa to channel her family past. Vince whips his fellow vigilantes into a dangerous frenzy. Pam's search for her maker leads her to a very familiar place."
"Look up monsieur. Just out of curiosity... does anyone ever actually respond to these? I'm really tempted to, just for fun, but it's late at night and I'm lazy."
"Sure bro To be fair, the comment it was in response to wasn't very compelling or intelligent either."
"And I said I was theoretically studying physics, and boom they hired me. ""study theoretical physics"" = Read Stephen Hawking's *A Brief History of Time*"
And how's that related to Crimea? Russia's grabby grabby clay-stealing hands.
"Oh yeah I love zero, second is maya then gaige, axton, krieg, and salvador These.... these are my two favorite classes. :("
"I haven't but given me a bit and I'll swatch it for you. Mmm, black with pink sounds amazing! Do you have any photos to share? :)"
"obviously if you afk cliff jungle low priority games your team is playing 4v5 the whole game so it would only be natural to have a very low winrate That doesn't make any sense - low prio still has as many winners as losers. If anything, it's less to do with skill and more to do with luck of which team has players decide to throw."
But why? I just see posts and I gild them. Apparently I need to be more careful.
Terrifyingly awesome. Can we just appreciate how cool she looks??
"lots of ways, ask her about the class, what she did on the weekend, etc etc.. If you think she likes you or whatever just say ""hey I really like talking to you can I have your number?"" Like how?"
"Obviously the parameter in the code for the IB loot increase is actually a negative value... After the ""loot from IB is increased"" debacle, i don't trust them one bit."
"Unless you are in the Walking Dead, then it mows itself. Well.... you're not wrong..."
"If they are going to make it urban, I hope they do not forget safety measures for avoiding running over pedestrians and bicyclists. Mercedes-Benz shows off the first fully electric heavy urban transport truck: ""use of vehicles like the Urban eTruck have an immediate upside for city-dwellers: reduced noise"""
Let us save her... So I tweeted about the cashier girl on the marriage poll and got this reponse...
True story - Kevin Hart doesn't like cellphones recording him because then everyone would know he isn't actually funny at his shows and they wouldn't buy tickets to his next gig. Kevin hart fan booted from show because seat number is funnier then his jokes.
"yeah there's definitely a cultural problem when it comes to punishing the wealthy or the famous to the extent of those not fortunate enough to be either of those things I wouldn't say we should have no sympathy, but it must run parallel to condemnation of his behavior. i feel sorry for those that have gotten caught up in much worse situations because the inverse of the socioeconomic position bieber finds himself in, but he fucked up and should be punished to the full extent of the law so other know that this shit doesn't fly."
"While English probably isn't his first language, that is no excuse for being an idiot. ""We r compasionles"""
"After 4 remakes, we can finally have characterization to people not essential to the main story! With actual characterization this time!"
I would like to see some gear or something that's untradeable. Tradabe prayer is no big deal. Raids gotta have some sort of monetary rewards because I bet all the rewards are low level useless items like a granite scimmy or something
Obama? Not a surprise since we elected a live one.
I sold my rs bank to buy my edate a 24k ring. Party of Two
Does it taste like chicken? Million Pounds Of Rat Meat Being Sold As Boneless Chicken Wings In U.S.
"So how do we all go about scheduling time shares that your girlfriend available for banging on the beach? Have fun! Went last summer its super great. The beaches on the far side are super remote, I banged my GF at the time on when I recommend it! Also, forsure check out the huge dunes / old cars / cemetery! The cemetery was the coolest part for me!!"
"Just curious, where were you trying to post this? Sealant for tree branch used for wood post?"
"Because having stand-ins can make the team dynamic worse, team-play worse, communications worse and if stand-ins don't know your strats, that doesn't help either. How does the opposing team having two stand ins have anything to do with n0things calling? Surely, if anything, it would only make it harder to call?"
"Gotta agree with you there... never thought I would like it, but lo and behold, it kinda rocks! Getting your asshole licked"
They still spawn there and the park is small enough to walk from one end to the other in about 10 minutes. Squirtle nest at Wapato Lake? Can anyone confirm a squirtle nest at Wapato Lake? Heard whispers here and there but no clear confirmations.
Rip in spacejam reddit is kill
"Tell him to go try that shit in the other Korea. Be living in the good Korea. Satellite city connected to Seoul. Run a lot. Notice a particular tag all along my typical route. Start seeing the tag everywhere. Party districts, financial district, city center, in a couple other satellite cities. It started to pop up everywhere i looked. Became obsessed with this tagger. Searched internet for info on the tagger. Began to take photos of all of their tags. Started noticing fresh tags that weren't there the last time i passed by a place. Tags are always just out of typical sight. Under bridges, on electrical boxes, the backs of street signs. Needed to know who this tagger was. One summer night, late, i get off the subway a stop before my usual stop because summer and want to enjoy the cool night breeze. Exit subway and 10 meters away is my obsession, tagging the front of a locked up newspaper stand. My heart sank. Something in me died and i said nothing to him as i walked past. Something about going from tagging these oddball partially hidden locations to vandalizing some poor old dude's newspaper stand just crushed it for me."
"They do seem to have a bromance going. Maybe Georgia fans live vicariously through Alabama and were bitter about the 2014 CFB semifinal? As for Tennessee, I honestly don't know how much of a rivalry that is. I don't usually see them fight amongst themselves, since they'd probably prefer just to gang up on us..."
probably going to try to keep it anonymous so something to do with bit coin no doubt or some other similar crypto currency One thing I haven't figured out yet is how to actually pay for IPTV stalker.
"stashspace is definitely p2w Oh! I can't believe nobody has mentioned path of exile yet. It's a diablo like game, could be what you're looking for. The cash shop has only cosmetics, add more guild members over the cap, and adding more bank tabs."
Oh my God that last one is so fucking amazing. Collection of tons of Liberal Reaction Memes
rofl no People need to remember dyrus is not the shotcaller. If he ults someone it's because he's asked to do it.
"In b4 shadow comments. Game 58: St. Louis Cardinals (38-19) @ Colorado Rockies (25-30) **Cardinals Lineup** 1) Wong, 2B 2) Carpenter, 3B 3) Holliday, LF 4) Peralta, SS 5) Reynolds, 1B 6) Grichuk, CF 7) Molina, C 8) Heyward, RF 9) Lackey, P **Rockies Lineup** 1) Blackmon, CF 2) LeMahieu, 2B 3) Tulowitzki, SS 4) Gonzalez, RF 5) Arenado, 3B 6) Paulsen, 1B 7) Hundley, C 8) Barnes, LF 9) Hale, P"
"IMO yes I think this is a pretty narrow viewpoint of what makes a car person. I know plenty of people who are car enthusiasts who couldn't care less about certain aspects. I like handling and going somewhat agile around but I don't care at all about going at high speeds doing so. Does this make me not a car person? Also to be honest I don't care about sounds all too much either, does that too make me not a car person? I love cars, but at the same time I couldn't care less if tomorrow every car on the road was silent (save for the fact that it is dangerous, especially for blind pedestrians). Sure I like some sounds of exotic cars but other than that, really do not care. I think mustangs and all other American V8s rolling around are just annoying and same for the Harleys that Lonelan mentioned. You don't have to love every single thing about cars to be a car person or enthusiast, people have different interests."
About 30% of the people in there think they are the only one peeing in there. Cesspool
Any time a fanbase is called the classiest and that fanbase starts to agree...then that fanbase will start being hated. Cardinals Voted Most Insufferable Fans In Baseball
Ever sat in a dark corner in a Detroit sex dungeon for 3 days? How does it feel to be a box?
Now do some cutting and let's see how she works! I wanted to share my first sword. Info upon request.
"That game predates Nokia phones by at least a decade. Ever play that old nokia game ""snake?"""
"So this ^ The moment you meet someone who can snipe, everything changes. I've been to kali tourneys and I'd mostly agree, but when you go up against an experienced stick fighter you definitely know you've lost. I'm talking uncontested hits (no trade at all, all one-sided) and basically a brutal tap-dancing on your skull with stick at lightning speeds. Not fun."
"Present tense is required: 'kicking'. All this ""future generations"" crap that Turnbull has been sprouting all weekend is making me sick. Their only plan for ""jobsngrowth"" is to lower the company tax rate. The trickle down effect we all know doesn't exist. The only thing Turnbull and his friends would like to do is to kick the next generations in the teeth."
"Hilarious and spot-on breakdown of the DNC Turn On, Tune In, Feel Good | Full Frontal with Samantha Bee"
"Though in this case, google translate makes more sense than the original ""Latin"" text does Never use Google translate for Latin... Never"
"misery loves company, I guess. They downvote me when I smash, but upvote when I diarrhea."
"That's MS' default mode of operation - see something they don't have, go into panic mode, ""we have to embrace this"", throw money and engineers at the problem, come up with a halfarsed implementation or a bad idea (windows phone, windows 8, one drive, sharepoint, windows RT) and force it into the market by tie-in and pressure backed by more money. It honestly flabberghasted me when I realized what a huge towering steaming pile of shit one drive was. All they had to do was rip off dropbox. Yet, they managed to fuck that up and created some a behemoth that is a bitch to use and set up. With an army of engineers they STILL couldn't get it right."
"You could very well be right about it. I thought it was if you request a CLI and they ask for 4506-T you can refuse and they just deny the CLI, but if they do a FR and you refuse they close your accounts. Period. I've never heard of someone slipping by. Maybe it's possible, but I would be surprised. Amex has the memory of an Elephant."
Pls gimme razer mouse pad :D? What do you guys think of my setup??
People seem to forget that Kolb was playing pretty well behind Arizona's sieve of an OL until he was injured. I'm not so sure. I think Kolb will at least be competent enough to avoid calls for Manuel from most people.
Finally Looks a little more Van Goghy to me
"Lul Paul Big Brother US18 - Episode Discussion - August 21 2016 Sunday episodes typically cover who has won power for the week and what they will do with it. If we didn't learn who the HOH was last Thursday, we'll find out tonight. Nominations almost always happen on Sunday."
"If it has to be weighed, it's bananas PLU 4011 Sometimes I get organic produce at the super market, then go to the self checkout line and ring it up as regular produce."
"Cats go down alleys eating birds ""A Cat Doesn't Fuck Goats"" Just decided what to use to remember the sharps, got me wondering what other people have come up with. Does anyone have any interesting ones to share?"
"Unfortunately, this is true He counts everything. Even the days Woodhouse hasn't tweaked."
Only two candidates huh The debate moderators should be able to mute the mics of both candidates in order to move on to the next subject instead of trying to talk over them.
"You clearly are the superior human specimen... Trying to troll a community of alcoholics. I'm just going to wake up thinking ""I associated with these people?"" Being so new here though, it doesn't matter. I blasted in and I'll fade away. (I upvoted you btw)"
"ignoras ? Cxu la Esperantan havas vorton por ""disregard?"" Mi estas komencanto, pardonpetas por eraroj. Does Esperanto have a word that equates to disregard? I understand it has words with similar meanings, however I'm looking for an exact translation."
"Yeezy 350 boost Im lost, I need a idea for something my parents can get me for $200 for my birthday, and i need a suggestion for something around either $250 or $500 to buy"
I don't recall; it was smooth though. Was the Kopi Lewak a bit nutty?
S L
Rasam is the only thing I know as well what is a sattara ? What is a chupai ? I know the shoe stealing part - but shoe stealing rasam ? Only rasam I have heard of is the south indian rasam.
Those assholes made me wait until the very end and then used a tiny fan to blow it even more into my face. I just hate the gas. Reminds me of the tear gas chamber in boot camp.
"Unfortunately, the electorate seem to reward ""attacking the strength."" Decorated veterans get called wimps (Kery and Bush for example) while draft dodgers are treated like heroes. In presidential elections every day is opposite day."
"Wtf are you talking about? Hello alt account number two! You have so many, Naga!"
Never this one. What reddit post has the most karma (including reposts)?
"they almost did, they almost put in big bullet proof domes over bases... and then never did :l ... redesign bases so that you can't just shell the spawn rooms with either tanks or air and don't make spawn rooms invincible bunkers that everybody stays in because they have a good angle on a lot of terrain"
"I'm just giving up on Early Access games completely, they either don't get finished or get rushed to v1.0 halfway through development. The thing about rust is that i like the concept of it, if rust would've been single player im good with it. But i don't like all the KoS, base raiding ect."
"Nope, just a random Nor Cal guy. Do I know you? Should I?"
"i think the rattler is really, really good. What do you think is the most underrated Gun/Item in the game? For me, I'd have to say the Fossilized Gun is extremely good. If you know how to use it effectively, you basically have the best room clearer in the game, which also happens to be very ammo efficient."
Thank doot doots
#A GODDAMN WIZARD IS WHAT HE IS. Who in the blue hell is this jabroni?
One of the answers was because it gives the impression that he deliberately gives himself a big fat target so that it's even more psychologically scarring when he's not shot. That's silly. Than why have his mouth exposed at all?
"This is why you don't marry uneducated, garbage women, or simply don't marry at all. How to respond to wife when she's triggered and throwing out ultimatums? For context, I was up late last night talking to my wife, who normally works graveyard work shifts but had tonight off, and she was really triggered from work and life, blah blah blah... Anyway I struggled staying awake to talk to her while she demanded back rubs as it was during my normal sleep hours. That was probably mistake #1. This morning she wakes me up early and demands me to bring her home Burger King and refuses to eat anything I've bought from the store so I have to rush to do that before work (Mistake #2). Now while I'm busy at work begins a series of texts from her and she's getting more and more pissed. I'm wondering if I should stop the TRP and de-escalate the situation or just not give a fuck. This doesn't happen very often and actually hasn't happened since I almost walked out on her months ago. Since that time I've decided to stay in the relationship without being too attached to the relationship anymore. Here are the texts: Wife: Yep. Thanks 4 being willing to come home at lunch. Me tired and me not ready 4 work. Bleech ... I don't respond since I'm busy Wife: ? Me: You're welcome Wife: U mat at me? Me: No why? Wife: You just seem distant and almost like combative. Me: No I've got three conversations going at once right now and I'm tired not really able to communicate well. Sorry Wife: Ok. My fault ur tired rite? Me: Yes but that's ok. You needed me and I'm happy you got what you wanted Wife: WHAT?! wow, just wow. I have enough drama Me: Not drama, stoicism. I say things how they are Wife: We r done. I tell there is an issue and u insist on making it worst. Great skills. U will have ppl lining up 4 u Me: I told you I was happy you got to talk to me and get breakfast. I wasn't lying when I said that Wife: We r done. Ive had ENOUGH. jack ass game over. The kids and i are washing our hands of u --- Ok I'm sure I didn't handle that conversation the best and whining about being tired doesn't do me any good. But I seriously am sick of getting in this place where I have to ""fix things"". My wife constantly uses that phrasing too. Like I need to fix her life all the time. How should I respond to this?"
"IIRC AlienBlue mutes audio from most videos unless the phone's silent mode switch is set to allow ringer sounds as well Is it Alienblue or something in my settings? When I click on a post with a video, more than half of the time the audio does not work. Is there something I can do to fix this? I don't know if the fact that I use an Ipad has anything to do with it. Has anybody else had this problem?"
Who knew Ray leaving would be the thing to bring back Let's Build? Let's Play Minecraft - Episode 152 - Flip This House up for sponsors
"near the end Sorry, but where did they mention the 50% colonized provinces thing? I think I missed that."
"I used to like the galil over ak when I was silver, ak was just impossible for me to get a kill with it One of my friends does this. He never buys in the first round and he uses the galil over the ak47 even if he had enough money (he usually has because he won't buy any nades..)"
"You have to accept a challenge before it will go away is what I have found Compendium Challenge bar at begging of game is blocking all the buttons! I'm not sure if this is a weird issue , or if others have it, but that yellow/gold bar at the top left blocks the button that I normally click to see builds / social items / etc. I can't move it, or click under it. Is this a bug?"
"No worries, understand :) Gosh Reddit is a bit frustrating with regard to notification of post activity. Sorry I missed this. While I really do appreciate the couple photos and your locating of the issues, after some thought, i'm not keen on the bit of wear I saw. I may have unrealistic expectations, but it's several hundred dollars we're talking and I'd really like to have that comfort level. I hope there's no hard feelings. Thank you again."
Now they lack cats for all the funds yes. Seems like it was just a little while ago there was an article saying they lacked funds for all the cats.
"It's only part of us that do it, not everyone on CAP2 is lazy #insulted It's frustrating for sure. I wish cap2 would lose the ""Wont fit on the shelf? Make it fit on the shelf."" mentality. No matter how many times our SM and CO's get onto them about it, there's a temporary improvement and then its gone again a week later when they stop giving a fuck again."
"But now you must delete this post. Done.... wait.. no, they deleted it right away... Not sure what I did wrong there..."
I got it and I don't even play McCree :/ the only skin i wanted and didnt get :S
No Regets Homeowner regrets letting Hobos live in her backyard
"The plainness of the media bias and propaganda on the left makes me wonder how much of what they say about the right, and what I think about the right, is even true... Ugh... not sure how I feel when I'm on the same side as The Blaze... or Breitbart... Or Fox News... or Joe Scarborough. I'm facing some serious inner conflicts these days."
"I mean...sure in theory, not in practice. Confidence is quiet. Insecurities are loud."
"Yeah I second this, I'm really curious. Do you still live in that town? I would love to see pictures of this park and that structure. I could probably tell you what it was if I saw a picture."
"I look forward to the backstory! I've noticed that too. Art previously mentioned having kids, so maybe the picture is of his kids?"
Sources? Browns? Oh yes. They have been confirmed and affirmed. Browns.
"how much does google fiber cost a month? It's getting real, people."
Who the fuck would wanna live in NO.... It's below sea level A house near the New Orleans airport. Not so much because of the air traffic but because the entire area was built on swampland. It turned into a $200k house with a $20k hole underneath it within the first two years. I could literally sit with my back straight and my head would have about 6 or 12 inches of clearance to the bottom of the foundation. The house is on pilings so it isn't tilted.
"You cannot enforce laws without force. ""Should police be permitted to initiate force when confronting misdemeanors and other non-serious crimes? The answer should be no."""
It's a movement in the right direction That comment was pretty shit
it didnt happen so dont worry. I'm just gonna go ahead and pretend I didn't read this.
"Muslim is a religion, just like Christianity is a religion, yet you never hear someone who dislikes Christianity being called a racist. SPICY Muslim meme"
Yeah I noticed that alsmiffy kinda looks like reveltrebbe as far as plants and fauna go. Already the same plants are being repeated and he's only visited a few planets
"Yep, went through all the proper steps. Jesus I was in that part of town just now. Did you report it?"
"Can you change the last of it for Reddit Silver? I'm almost out of Reddit gold, what should I do? I was guilded because I watched a video of a man bathing in shit and gave a graphic summary. Now the cycle is complete, and I return to shit for advice."
wanna come explain this to everyone that stays in a hotel? I am going to assume your bought it with debit visa/matstercard . Most likely what you saw was a preauth. on a credit card a preauth just lowers your avaiable credit for a few days but dos't actually charge you many retailers do this on preorders to make sure the cards real and then do a real charge when they ship. On debit cards the money just gets taken out till the hold expires (3-10 days depending on banks involved) this is why its bad idea to use debit cards for things like this.
DNC did the same with Hillary supporters. Honestly didn't know. Never watched RNC debates
pornhub allows 1440p i think not sure on that though. Best porn site for 1440p and above videos?
"Stop your brother, Wikileaks! hurry onward Lemmiwinks...the road ahead is full of danger"
This works well if you're dsylexic. Girls go to mars to get more bras...
"Don't use another stylus, it won't work, but try the nibs of another stylus, i'm not sure they are the same length though so be careful. Cool, now I need to find the missplaced pen holder. But if that is no go any other options? Like using one of the Bamboo styluses?"
I find your lack of X-wings disturbing My growing Rebel fleet. More pics in comments.
Translation: PLEEEEEASE give me a cabinet post NJ Governor Chris Christie endorses Donald Trump for president
"Offer is for everyone, just posting it in your thread :) I love reddit and all, but I just don't do belonging to things well. Thank you for the offer though!"
So you are saying they should get rid of Republican governors? Ofcourse as a senator its his job to make sure someone is held accountable for the failure and the same thing should not repeat again at different places. Do you think the govt prints money? oh wait...
"Geno Smith would have something to say, but, ya know ""Any pugilist worth his salt knows when someone's on the ropes, that's when you throw a combination to the gut and a left hook to the jaw."" -Bill ""Underwood"" Bellichik"
He is one with the puff. Smash DI irl
"You are more observant than the average person, and you know how to use it to your advantage! I have zero patience. I constantly find my self finishing other people's sentences. If someone is explaining something to me that I already know, I get frustrated because I just want to spit out the fact that I already know this and they are wasting my time. Also, when people ask me questions and the answer is sitting right in front of them.. For example if I am eating something and someone says hey what are you eating, when it is clearly sitting in front of them..."
"Some huge throw backs to their Natural History era stuff on this album, love it Blu Mar Ten - Immortal Beloved"
Cheapest way to get it over state boarders without drawing attention. probably have people drink tap water on empty stomachs and then throw it back up into the bottles
Just get Brandon Sanderson to finish it already. George R.R. Martin: The Winds of Winter Will Not Be Released Ahead of Game of Thrones Season 6
"Easily the point when Naruto is about to release Kurama after Nagato used his planetary devastation. Most bad ass moment in the entire series? Personally, I'd say when Naruto Rasenshuriken'd Kakuzu"
"He is an entire ass-haberdashery, with a colony of shithead milliners to staff it. Hitler *was* a fascist, but this kid claimed to be pro-communism. I'm not about to argue with him. He is about the assiest-asshat in the history of asshats."
"... for revenge! No worries. Much like Atlanta's spirit animal, the Phoenix, Murder Kroger will rise up again from the ashes."
"You have no taste! Yeah, this has been in Australia for awhile. Tried to watch an episode - just too bad. Kids like it though. They have no taste."
I'm so sorry. FWIW. I am top of my 30 man league and I am thinking something similar. I am going for an absolute punt and captaining seamus coleman.
"As someone who gets unwillingly dragged to museums fairly often, this saddens me. The Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum says it does not allow people to play ""Pokemon Go"" on their smartphones during visits to the former German death camp"
"Fuck that website The Breweries Making the Haziest, Juiciest, and Most Limited Canned IPAs of the Moment"
6% with average rating First year B4 raises: What was your raise (%) at the end of your first year? Do associates get performance bonuses? Thanks!
I remember the one where the president said that having a shower after sex would wash away the HIV I remember the good ol' one where they say a guy with AIDS put his blood in Wimpy tomato sauce bottles
"i have been raging all gam yesterday man,also filled a support report, abusing bugs is nothing to joke about... fuck this shit Please disable Nidalee, for the love of god."
"Face the facts: we don't know shit. If the ""T"" is real (possible Spoilers) If Thorgy really goes today please don't take it out on the queen who sends her home. We really don't need a repeat of the death threats Darienne and Kennedy got. I know the people in this sub are generally more mature fans who won't do this, but idk I just thought it should be put out there before possible outrage."
"Hey man, I'm new too and would be more than happy to team up! New to DayZ mod lfg Just got the mod a day or two ago and looking for a group to play with or join."
"Well then, let me see if I can't find someone. I was in Dreddit, left because of IRL, lost access to the email address for auth and couldnt login in, no one from HR would help me reset it so i gave up on Test."
"Maybe not being charged as an accomplice, or having a conscience? Even if I concede the premise that jail is good for him, he was already away for 24 yrs, right? Was there something else that prompted you to have him get 4 more?"
... I didn't know you could grow flowers on the beach. Shipwrecked!
"Maybe that's why pope Palpatine resigned. TIL that the man who shot Pope John Paul II in 1981 is 55 years old, walking free after release in 2010, and is probably insane."
It's not a very good film. Thor shooting commies? I have to see this now.
"THERE AINT NO GETTIN' OFFA THIS HYPE TRAIN WE'RE ON! Reddit, what are you hyped about right now?"
"Byford doesnt own a car, so he takes the subway to work everyday. I saw TTC CEO Andy Byford riding the TTC to work today I just wanted to say I found it quite nice to see him actually riding the TTC and using the service he runs. Not only that, he actually started up conversations with people on the bus and picked up some trash that was on the floor! I didn't want to take a picture as it would probably have been a tad creepy, but from a regular TTC rider I just wanted to say I appreciated seeing you on the bus willing to learn about the experience us riders endure on a daily basis."
"im confused why crimes just cant be crimes... now they need some kind of ""meta"" excuse behind them? Reddit, why is it that racism is considered a hate crime, but homophobia isn't yet... Does it honestly need to get to the same point where, like the african americans, the homosexuals will have to start a civil war? I understand its not as big of a problem compared to the african american civil war, however it still needs to stop. something must be done"
"They could almost be sisters, really really hot sisters. Bring a friend over for dinner? Sure thing!"
Probably not. Is there any name that could be autocorrected to Eggs Benedict? Any name with similar letters?
"I'd buy them for a dollar. What price would keys need to be to get you to buy them? At 1.50 I wouldn't mind clearing out several crates at a time. But 4 crates for 10 bucks when you know a couple are likely to be crap you can't even re-sell...eeehhh. If it's possible, I would figure sales now and then to gauge response *could* be a good idea, though the implications of more boxes and more stuff hitting the market is a consideration, do they even make money off trades between players on the marketplace? Or just keys? ------- It can be a pretty delicate system to my novice understanding, but paying 5 bucks and getting 2 boxes seems...eh. Perhaps they could even sell keys at varied prices? Older/less desired gear has cheaper keys (allowing for crafting) while newer, more desirable items have normal priced keys or simply aren't included in sales."
My point remains... Meh. This isn't LA this is SA
I'm ready! Witnessed. WE WILL MAKE CA RED AGAIN!
Because Bill Clinton isn't running for president? Just like Bill Clintons accusers. Why the double standard?
"fast food! On Parks and Recreation, what type of food does Leslie Knope despise and openly lobbied against?"
"Looking forward to being able to leave this country, forever. UK to censor online videos of 'non-conventional' sex acts"
"But is it *really* a bigger deal or does it just *feel* like a bigger deal because ""uranium"" is scary? Giving away uranium still seems like a much bigger deal then oil."
"Well if your SO isn't putting out, you should probably mention that you're not sure the relationship is worth trying for if sex is missing. Being Sexually frustrated makes me want to stop trying in all other aspects of the relationship Is this unreasonable? How can I circumvent this?"
"Quinn has done amazing with the defense, Shanahan needs to go Game Thread: Falcons vs Colts Rise up... It's game day."
"Yeah, the CGI was kept to a minimum which is always great Don't forget that there is a ton of practical special effects! It was awesome. Most metal film I've seen in a while."
No Stephen Dillane 0/10 (Spoilers All) Is another character coming back?
907865 $500 steam giveaway!!!!!!!!!1 (Details inside!)
"It's ya boy, L.D. LD: The Fox Master"
It's like throwing a hotdog down a hallway. Or a corridor for a vagina
"No, the seller. ... Amazon screwing you over?"
"Sadik looked six weeks out in the pics I've seen so far. Some how, some way he did... BS too. Out of them all Sadik looked the closest to a 'Classic Physique'. His midsection and lower back needed work tho."
There are women like that too. No. I won't cheat even if I have a herd of gorgeous women trying to get me naked and my gf isn't being nice lately. Just won't.
"Got to be some kind of parasite, walking around in its new moth costume. WTF did I just find in my backyard!? (the tentacle looking things move)"
I think your death all over this thread from a mountain of downboats speaks for itself =P ppl
Then sell it back to us after they refine it. We have the resources to drill it ourselves. The only way the US is getting that oil is to buy it.
"I think the suit does have some tech in it, simply to compensate for his age. Ok, so either Batman's *normal* suit has some strength-enhancing tech, or this version of Batman has got to be some kind of metahuman-lite. Because those were not normal punches. Also, seriously digging Alfred and the hinted Diana/Bruce flirting (sure there's an age difference; he's in his 40s and she's at least 100, but I think they can make it work)."
"Will give blowie joeys for flair... Hey, no laughing in here. This is a serious post."
Lol I love this guy already not only is h serving the community drugs but he's serving us with his comedy as well If you need one i can get one for you ! What type would you like ?
"We might not be the majority, but I'll be damned if Indiana doesn't have some great fishing if you know where to look. Don't see much from my home state of Indiana on this sub. Here's a little something for my fellow Hoosiers."
"I will fight next to you, non sandwich brother. No it's not a god damn sandwich and I will fight anyone who says otherwise."
IT'S OKAY PASHA ..... NICE TRY MAN .... LEZ GO VP Who is this moron near the mic?
"Wouldn't you check the recording first, then make a post? Is Warlock Life Steal broken? I have noticed in pvp that when i melee an opponent, i am not being rewarded with health as i should be. Anyone else notice this? I will go back and check the recordings to verify."
"""The plan: Get rid of ALL the good players"" Lurie: ""..........what?"" Tonight on Nathan for You, I help an NFL franchise get to the next level."
"But I'm a borderline sociopath who hates social life and despises people in nightclubs and pubs Those are the places where I get most pickups from, trust me, not worth it. Stop dating. Start hanging out."
She has so much strength. The man who keeps falling in love with his wife
"K Unlike with Obama, there are actually legitimate parallels for Trump. I don't think that he'd start a genocide if he got into office, but it's disturbing to watch people fall for such similar propaganda."
Go ruin your own country's reputation you dick. Just sew the Canadian flag onto your backpack. No one will know the difference.
"Ooh, now understand what you meant with ""yiff the x"" comments... Doggo forgets not to venture into the DSaF comments, yet again."
Haven't downloads already started? This is for the download. It has to be.
"Zapdos is the palpatine of the three birds, why wouldn't anyone pick Instinct? Team instinct master team. Thanks for representing. Nobody seems to be going instinct!"
"This...This perfectly sums up TNA for me, from a business perspective. The time TNA failed to lower Mr. Anderson's mic during his entrance"
I figured that's what the kids were calling anal these days. Make fudge is an euphemism *I* hadn't heard.
"This is why no one takes you on road trips, dad What has 4 wheels and flies? Your car."
"You're God damn right it is. What the shit Mike actually went to jail? What message does that send, Suits?! That if you commit a crime you'll have to eventually pay for it, even if you're the main character? That's ridiculous!"
"Holding is really important if you want defender bonuses. While here valor is like the slytherin. Owns same amount of gyms as the others but holds them like, rarely loses one. seems like people form valor here are focusing more on holding than capturing gyms."
"I have no problem where they start from but you have a working model and you pretend you're smarter than them and have to come up with your own answer Yeah, I'm a big fan of NCAA overtime. I wouldn't be adverse to, as someone said, moving them back to the 40. Maybe even the 50."
"Hell, i think Brown might be better than Bush. With all due respect, you're insane. Addai is better than Bush."
#DO WE LOVE OUR BIKERS? Bikers for Trump riding into Wisconsin to stop Anti-Trump protests in Janesville
"I feel forgiven. We all make mistakes, my child. The key is learning from these mistakes and not becoming ravelled in your folly. ~Wisdom of EFS"
"So... if you didn't want to get pregnant, you shouldn't have had sex? You CHOSE to have sex (unprotected or not), so why should you not have to live with the consequences of your actions (good or bad)?"
"So, has the BJP decided on a CM candidate yet or still banking on Modiji? Amit Shah to lead poll charge in Delhi"
"Except when you're trying to establish a baseline, saying you've sold at least X number is useful whereas your example is not useful. ""Fewer than 10 billion HTC Vives sold"" is also technically correct"
"I mean, George Mikan is the pick if you want to go way back, but Russell and Wilt were both active during Robertson's time. I guess I meant this *specific* kind of talent. People want to call him Magic 2.0 or Magic Lite, but he's not Magic. Jordan wasn't Kareem, who wasn't Wilt, who wasn't Oscar, and somewhere in there none of them were Bill Russell, who also wasn't any of them. They were all one-of-a-kind talents that we'll probably never see again. A lot of that is because the game evolves with generations, the way the game is played and reffed is constantly changing as well. But yea, Kareem was the LeBron of his time and Jordan was the LeBron of his time. Actually, if you wanna go into the wayback machine, they're all the Oscar Robertson of their times. The one guy who was head-and-shoulders better than the rest of the league."
"who's the dank magician? The general, the master tactician, the dank magician, etc."
I read it but it's still pretty vague haha Did you not read the tweet?
Even about that round of golf? North Korea has never lied. Not once.
Kick in warm-up but not kicked for doing +right for 5 rounds. You should not be able to get kicked for inactivity during warmup Just got kicked for being afk in warmup as the match started and team had to play pistol 4v5.
"It's because reddit loves to sound super intelligent and throw around buzzwords without knowing what they really mean I distinctly remember a ELI5 ""Strawman argument"" and a week later everybody was using it as much as possible. But seriously, Reaganomics has NOTHING to do with his."
"So...I AM a PoC supremacist. Internalized racism, bruh. They have buzzwords for everything."
"Air layering has almost always been more reliable for tree cuttings, for me. Do you have any tips for rooting a ficus microcarpa? I had no luck so far (maybe because the branches were too small?). And ofc congratz on this one, and the pot is really nice."
fucking muslims Guy deliberately drives his car into crowd
"First day of Pro league and they made me stop watching already. Paging anyone in ESL production, the stream is lagging As the title states, the Pro League stream is lagging for a ton of people, even at the lower quality levels. If anyone from the production team frequents Reddit, or if anyone here knows the respective Twitters to ping about this issue it would be greatly appreciated. Thanks"
Is that Mark McKinney's real voice now? Superstore Season 1 Bloopers
Or they don't swipe right on every single dude. I asked a female friend about this when I ran out of likes. Apparently you don't run our if you are a lady
Yeah I usually don't complain about reports but this is posted at least once a week... this is an ancient fuck OP gif
"I'd say 2; 3 on some days. Where do you consider yourself on The Spectrum Of Theistic Probability? I'm a Christian and I would consider myself a 1. What do you consider yourself 1. Strong theist. 100 per cent probability of God. ""I do not believe, I know."" 2. De Facto Theist. Very high probability but short of 100 per cent. ""I don't know for certain, but I strongly believe in God and live my life on the assumption that he is there."" 3. Leaning towards theism. Higher than 50 per cent but not very high. ""I am very uncertain, but I am inclined to believe in God."" 4. Completely impartial. Exactly 50 per cent. God's existence and non-existence are exactly equiprobable."" 5. Leaning towards atheism. Lower than 50 per cent but not very low. ""I do not know whether God exists but I'm inclined to be skeptical."" 6. De facto atheist. Very low probability, but short of zero. ""I don't know for certain but I think God is very improbable, and I live my life on the assumption that he is not there. 7. Strong atheist. ""I know there is no God, with the same conviction as Jung knows there is one."" An atheist called Richard Dawkins argues that while there appear to be plenty of individuals that would place themselves as ""1"" due to the strictness of religious doctrine against doubt, most atheists do not consider themselves ""7"" because atheism arises from a lack of evidence and evidence can always change a thinking person's mind. In print, Dawkins self-identified as a '6', though whilst in an interview he suggested '6.9' to be more accurate. I don't know how he can say he is a 6.9 as that is basically dismissing God all together."
Being forced to provide testimony against yourself violates the 5th amendment. Which part of this violates the constitution?
"Well I mean it was his administration that wound up arming and training some of these cunts...brilliant fucking play guy. Fuck him. He gets angrier at political rivals than he does at terrorists. He called Paris a ""setback"". But then again I will never forgive him when he called the beheading of Daniel Pearle ""the loss of Daniel"" as if he died from leukemia. Fuck him and his weak foreign policy. The man i completely in over his head and cannot understand that because he wishes something so, it doesn't make it so. His soaring rhetoric was fun in 2007. Now it's just dangerous. I'm sure when bombs go off in Times Square or Ghirardelli Square or ""Kominski Field"" he will still turn it into a chance to bash his political rivals. Its what he does and who he is."
"Yeah, just not *nearly* as much as he used to. Then TIR was found out. Does TIR still comment anymore?"
"Nice general rule, but honestly, as long as they're 18+, whatever. Someone else posted the Golden Rule for dating younger - half your age plus seven. That usually keeps people out of the danger zones, where you're trying to date someone who isn't really an adult yet."
^ this Your options: (A) Get a prosthetic leg. (They have some really cool ones these days.) (B) Pray for God to grow your leg back. \- I trust that you'll make the intelligent choice.
There's always money in the banana stand Don't trust banks. Stuff cash in your walls. It's what I do.
Read the news. Hey democrats are no different sir
"Ya me too, but I attribute that to years of experience in my skilled trade. At this point I'm richer then I've ever been."
dont believe you What the hell? Did mulligan rules change? I JUST had a starting hand with 2 shredders to start and when I mulled them I got them BOTH back. The fuck is this shit? I thought the rule is the mull cards are put in limbo until your first card draw?
"If the community wasn't garbage and didn't use clearly overpowered weapons, a weapon being overpowered wouldn't even be that big of an issue. On behalf of all the players that use any different gun in the game, fuck you to anyone who has used nothing but the bal during its overpowered reign Seriously absolutely fucking sick of absolutely every fucking lobby in this game filled with nothing but bal's, I cannot wait until this gun gets nerfed and you fuckwits have nothing to use because you wasted all your time on this shit instead of actually trying any other gun in the game! also inb4 get better at the game. You all know its overpowered and anyone that overuses it is simply exploiting that fact."
"Try to clench a muscle in your upper thigh, particularly on the interior. I nearly wet myself once waiting for that damn sign to turn off"
The NSA must be wondering why a surge of 113 year olds are watching porn regularly. Even people over 18 still do that. Who wants to spend their time putting in their real birthday?
"Was there an earthquake at the time of this recording? Truck catches fire in a tunnel, driver risks his life to drive it to safety"
and Boss crows and Crossbows
pm'd 28 &amp; 22 #LosAngeles we want to share
"Because the Horde and Alliance always band together (not matter how tenuous) when a bigger threat is looming... The point of the Franchise isn't ""Orcs versus Humans"" and hasn't been in a long time. God, the last thing I want is a bridge between the Alliance and the Horde. The fucking point of the franchise was originally Orcs vs Humans. It was really cool. I don't get why we have to be so fucking harmonious now."
"I want Milo back and I want him to go on a 20 minute rant about being banned from twitter Same, he is actually my least favorite guest. Speaking of gay guests, I'd much rather have Milo back on if that's possible."
"you guys were much better in 2010 Living in Wisconsin I heara lot of this: ""OMG THIS IS 2010 ALL OVER AGAIN!!! BOOK YOUR TICKETS TO NEW YORK!!!"" I'm going to start strangling people."
People have way too much time on their hands...and it's always the ones with the least amount of emotional investment in anything. Fans urge Marvel to give Captain America a boyfriend - LA Times (spoilers)
The terrorists... they won. Video of TSA Screener Accosting 3 Year Old Child at Security Checkpoint
"hey fuck you, they're the best sunglasses you can get. Oakley baseball sunglasses. That is the total douche"
Gotta go fast I was watching Steven Universe when suddenly a wild Alien Pikachu appeared
I would expect somebody Hydra related to mention their Pym particle plot at some point. Do you think that the ____ members in Ant-Man work with Wards _____ in AOS? (Ant-Man and AOS spoilers) Do you think that the Hydra members in Ant-Man were working with the Wards Hydra?
"Taiwan #1 Taiwan must abandon 'hallucination' of independence, warns Chinese media"
Only noobs go for Cultural Victory. The Goal of Christianity is to Conquer the world. 1 John 5:5 (NET)
K Walmart lost my Lucas amiibo
"Minus the film career, Anderson was on the same boat as Ronda for a good part of his title reign. You mean Ronda's part time job as a professional can crusher when she's not busy being in movies?"
"Yeah I see it when it is sawed off Neato Fun fact, the shotgun is inspired by the Ithaca 37, so all you'd have to do is modify the pump, grip and give it a paint job."
"What? Hey look, we found the douchebag!"
"Are these new skins separate weapons, or do they just replace the skin of a weapon you already own? Uncased Elite Strange Thunderbolt! (sorry for potato quality, shit laptop)"
"Yeah, you need steadier hands Need help badly"
The One Punch Man of Naruto Sage mode + Byakugo + Red pill ^^(AHAHAHAHAH) + 8th gate
I mentioned defeating the nazis... But you yadda yadda'd the best part
"I have heard about people hunting down other people and harming them over said spreadsheets, yes! Have you heard of eve online, a game about internet spaceships with a large helping of spreadsheets?"
"Oh, thanks for clearing that up. Tom Cruise"
I really like the biscuit taco but the value burritos are good! What do you like at taco bell for breakfast ?
New DLC. Lol it's just a photograph. There are no golf courses in Witcher.
"Turkey meat is pretty dry and bland, that's why recipes call for stuffing and gravy. I would much rather have steak for thanksgiving. Turkey is such no."
"Already on my way awww fuck it, im going."
"May not matter if you don't have other scoundrels - but Dengar can help you in the weekly Scoundrel event. FOTP or Dengar? I currently have both at 2*, same level and fighting for the same gear, who should I focus on? My dark side team is Phasma (L), 88, Sid, RG and Asajj right now. Just looking for a decent overall character for dark battles and a B team for GW and raids."
"Oh I am not denying their importance only asking if requiring one is a form of indirect payment. If you're truly destitute, there should be financial accommodation for you to get an ID, but I completely agree with voter ID laws."
"I am responsible for an increase of 2 from last weekend, apparently telling friends it's 'boobs and sword fights' is the best advertising there is. S03E04 Ratings: 4.87M - Record beaten once again"
Thank god they've got proper fax machines. In the last minute
"I gotta admit, that'd be fucking awesome. The Latest Luxury Rental Amenity in Brooklyn: Your Own Subway Entrance"
or they watched Mork and Mindy Seems like somebody who wrote Minions plays tribes
"Both... a list of G-canon (see Wookieepedia) ships &amp; pilots are what I am after. Oh, so a list of which movies certain ships have been in? Instead of which movies the pilots have been in? I understand now, thanks."
If I do I will be sure to have my dick out. I hope you fall into a monkey pit.
or to accidentally shoot the car with your launcher? I just don't want it to take 7 attempts to get into the correct seat
Trolling is a nart. Trolling is an art
"do you have a clip of that? Like I said, I'm not an expert on Bayern. Now that I really think about it, Schweinsteiger probably isn't the best choice. But for me, Neuer is the best option as captain for the national team, and for Bayern (The only thing I can see working against him is his Schalke background and relatively small tenure). I don't buy that he's too young. He's about to turn 27, only 2 years younger than Lahm, and he has shown that he has the best leadership ability out of anyone on the NT and Bayern. I remember during one of the games, I can't remember exactly which, Robben was taking a penalty and Schweinsteiger was with Neuer covering his eyes because he didn't want to watch. Once Robben missed, Neuer shoved Schweinsteiger back into the game. I know that doesn't sound like much, but that, along with his PK in the CL final and his general command of his position, lead me to believe he is he best choice. I am also not a huge fan of keepers as captains, but Neuer is the best option in my opinion, until Muller or Hummels or some other young player develops into the captains role."
"like the DARPA challenge is always fun to watch point of order is that DARPA is part of the DOD, but you are correct."
"Those screen caps are you? i wanted to capture that it appears to ""loop around"" in a sense (like a circle), but that it is highly dimensional. i also like the idea that there are similarities between the universe and our minds. i used the ""shape of the universe"" wikipedia page for inspiration here."
"Punk was known for ripping up the scripts creative gave him. I missed the CM punk era, the tension there was nothing like I have seen before, I know he left on not so good terms but was this real/a shoot? Or was he just that damn good at setting the scene? Amazing stuff"
"Welp, this is a first. My game last night... We were playing a team that we don't like. Lots of showboats and guys that shouldn't be playing in our level. For some reason there was a decent crowd there too. Most weeks it's just a few of our wives and some other passerby's. Anyway, after a hard fought two and half periods we were down 4-2 with about 9 minutes left. After a few good chances by my forwards we got an offensive zone face off. I set up a few feet in front of the blue line (playing left defense) and waited for my center to win the draw back to me. Just like that he does, and the puck is on my stick. I look up, see my lane, and fucking blast it. Top shelf glove side. Goalie didn't even see it. Woo! We are within one now. A few minutes later we have another great rush into the zone and my winger dishes it back to me. I snap it right through the wickets. Kessel style. It was beautiful. My team was ecstatic. My first multi goal game and at a perfect moment. Got an audible cheer from the crowd too. Felt fantastic. Feeling on the top of the world I am trying everything I can to clear our zone. Our goalie made some incredible saves, and with about 45 seconds left I block a slapper from the point and the puck somehow ends up in a perfect position for me to go with it. I skate as fast as I ever I have, the game on my stick. Caught their D flat footed and only have one guy on me back checking hard. I manage to get some space and go to wrist it hard when.... BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP FUCK! It was all just a dream. Father Time robbed me of my hat trick! I will never know. Such a great, yet disappointing way to start my day. Sorry for the long read. Just thought I'd share my hockey dream with you guys. It was extremely realistic, and I very rarely remember my dreams with so much detail. Maybe it's an omen?! Haha have a great day everyone!"
TOTAL AMOUNT OF TIMES YOU'VE READ IT: ZERO NOW THE THIRD TIME IVE HAD TO DOWNVOTE THIS REDUNDANT COPY PASTED MESSAGE....
"Seriously every day my train passes a ""Plastic Surgery and Massage Therapy Spa"" Didn't realize plastic surgery was so mainstream it is now therapeutic. And fake tits"
Is this typically the advice you hear from outsiders? Get a load of this normie.
"I never look at that page, all of my bookmarks and such go directly to the subscriptions page. WTF Youtube? They just keep coming back!"
This fucking website. IN WHICH using real children in soft-core child pornography is compared to being dropped off at daycare.
Winner winner chicken dinner It's going to be hard to reach 60 since its capped at 50
"M4, ar15s, and a p90? Back during prom, we had a different pose for our pictures."
"""Hell or glory, I don't want anything in between."" Be an enthusiast in life"
Capricorn One What movie would be better if it took place in space?
"Yeah, but since its from the Broncos, it's 20 picks behind the Jets' 4th rounder. We have a 4th, we got one back from the Broncos."
"But there are no other monsters so all that happens is a 24 sec attack with nothing to hit you 24 seconds, there are 12 Jerry's"
"If true, that is trolltastic. From Wiki: ""Before the first game of the season, versus the Denver Broncos, Bosworth trash talked Denver quarterback John Elway. 10,000 Denver fans wore $15 T-shirts reading ""BAN THE BOZ"", but did not know that Bosworth's company manufactured the shirts."""
"Says in title ""April 5-8"" :) AZ overlander checking in. When would this trip take place?"
Halo 5 What is your most anticipated game of 2015? I am personally looking forward to Batman. I have pre-ordered the limited edition with the Batman statue with it. The Collectors Edition was sold out :3
"Oh great, when you thought things couldn't get worse with the R8, this thing comes along Desert Eagle chambered in .68 Parabellum by the looks of it. Definitely a ghost gun, deadliest due to the ""shoulder thingy that goes up."""
The IOC and NCAA allow trans women to compete with women. Sporting competitions use the biological definition. Everyone else uses the cultural one.
"We'd all do it for the pipboy. So my girlfriend works at Gamestop, they gave her this to talk to customers about Fallout."
"This is so narcissistic it makes me want to barf. ""Don't tell me my baby looks like you...she only looks like me, her momma."" I just had to share this because it's so stupid and narcissistic. So there's this girl (I say ""girl"" because she's 20 years old going on 12) who was in my basic training platoon, and she's basically a white trash piece of shit in every sense of the word. There's no other way to put it. Anyway, she got knocked up within months of getting into the ""real"" army and has been a complete mombie since finding out she's pregnant. I have her hidden from my newsfeed because she updates 20 times a day and every single update is about her contribution to the gene pool, but every once in a while I check in just to hate-read read. And today I read this gem: ""Rant* Idk why this offends me so much but it does... Do not tell me my daughter looks like you! Yeah you might be my family but if anyone she looks like me, her momma. I grew her for 10 months inside me, and ive provided for her every day since I found out I was pregnant. My angel looks like her momma. She has her papaws toes, and olive skin, but that's the only 2 things ive noticed that are not from me. I was born with olive skin it just lightened over the years. So hers might also. I love my girl shes my angel! And I'm happy to say she looks just like her momma. *end of rant*"" Just another great example of that parental selflessness. *Just for the record, this girl is busted. Saying her daughter looks just like her is a curse, not a compliment. Also, she named her ""Zaylie,"" because of course she did."
Lima beans As promised Here it is. This weeks MYSTERY CAN!!! Get your guesses in now! CAN OPENS AT 9pm TONIGHT!!!!
There are more fractions than whole numbers. What intuitively obvious mathematical statements are false?
"-,- almost like that was their plan all along... Paying that real money last week seems like it was a good idea. Almost like they are trying to encourage you to spend money in their F2P game."
The days of civilians being able to take on a truly modern Army are over. Just trying to say it has happened before... the american population is a lot stronger than you seem to think.
That feel... Drive (2011)
The Comcast Corollary Every fucking thread. There needs to be a version of Godwin's Law for Comcast ffs
"Better to be safe and just say ""Oh wow, I thought you were just getting fat"" At age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant I don't know whether to say ""oh shit!"" Or ""congratulations!"""
Do you know the exact trimester in which your mother had realized she was about to birth an autistic child? Roast me
Some people don't have a conscience. How can people hit and run and live with themselves? My conscience would kill me.
I know right - I mean - not like I thought she was going to get more attractive. My question is: why did I keep scrolling?
Pretty standard actually. A match made in Hell.
"I doubt half the players are like 12, I think it's more like 16, which imo makes very little difference. half of the players are like 12 years old so it really isn't that surprising."
It looks like the grand wizard had a botched hand transplant. Laundry is harder than it looks
!Remindme 24 hours Shawn is that you?
Rawr pls fuck me ^^^^__^^^^ XDDDDddDDD I want sum cummies frum sum1 pl0s Joined this group on Facebook for the cringe.
Aspergers? He actually does have some mental issues. He's a lot....slower than most people. I don't know what it's called though. He's not retarded though. Just slow. But he does apparently have anger issues (which I saw when I rejected him the first time because I find it creepy that a 30 year old is hitting on a barely 18 year old). But I am not exactly scared. I have a knife if he ever comes at me again and I have a scary black man as my father who picks me up from work. Try to mess with me and HR will be the last of his worries.
"I run two BB in my miracle druid, it's a good card, but just not in this meta. Burly bully in tempo mage! The coins are really powerful with antonidas and wanker! Usually nets 1 to 2 coins against control decks, which has made a pretty good difference so far! (Small sample size, but I've yet to be disappointed when u draw him)"
Footage is like 4-5 months old tho Calum's new Vlog.. A wild Joffrey appears!
Yeah. Caster? That has got to be from Carnival Phantasm.
"that I can feel comfortable in public without fearing that someone will try to harass me, that I did awesome things as a person and not ""that's cool that a woman could do that"", that if I ever have a daughter I won't have to worry about someone treating her as if she isn't her own person, and that women will finally be taken seriously as *people* and not seen less than. What feminism means to me. What does it mean to you?"
You can still look cool and not have annoying-ass sleeves. What I've always wondered is the purpose behind the hoodies with sleeves cut off...
"Second that--we have a pair of 15 pound rescue beasts who know how to sound like rabid wolves of death when the mailman or Jehovah's Witness comes by. Second on the dog idea. I travel a good amount for work, and when away my girlfriend feels very comfortable knowing that he is there with her. It helps that he gets protective over her without me there. Mind, he's only a 30 pound collie / corgi mix, so it doesn't necessarily have to be a rottweiler or something to help"
In my mind. Gentlemen: Where do you find your porn?
"I do :( Wait, Favre played for the Packers? I certainly don't remember that."
"lemme guess, you're a feminist right? Roast my dumb ass that couldn't even figure out the sign!"
"Boohoo I know, that's the point. This is objectively bad. People can enjoy it if they like, but this is clearly inferior to almost all other music ever made and if this what they like then people making fun of them is the least of their problems. And it does hurt me. I mean, I know that it really doesn't, but it offended me with how bad it was so it still hurt me. I'm not pretending, I was actually upset upon playing the video."
Be applied directly to the forehead. What's it intended to do?
"So 38% of British public is badly informed. 62% of British public says Israel committing war crimes, as polls show sympathy for Palestinians"
That's even more fucked up than the hidden dolls in Powerslave... One of the most well-hidden Easter eggs I've seen in a video game to date (Battlefield 4)
"Same, still reking face with the Caravan of love, Black Prince and Cent MK3. Personally, I still love the British."
"When you take time off porn, try some history. Dude you can go on arguing as long as you like. India has had a positive influence from the British no matter what. You can site random examples but on the whole, it was very beneficial in the long run. I doubt wed have even entered the industrial age if it weren't for the British. Their exploitation of the country, helped us in the long run. Frankly I really don't want or care to argue with blinded people like you who just quote sections of a post trying to divide and conquer it. I'm going to Jack off to some porn now. Faye Reagan is so damn hot with her puffy nipples, don't you agree?"
"Well its very different in that Labour can chose a coalition partner to do business with, SF cant. You did say that, Sinn Fein are taking the Labour excuse of ""they made us do it"""
Reminds me of Bork Bork Bork option in Guild Wars to make everything sound like Swedish Chef from the Muppets. Well this is an interesting language choice
There's a stranger out to find you! D-d-d-danger lurks behind you!
No entiendo :S 10 mil por el buche
"Well, no, but the meltdown of a fusion reactor in the Outback didn't improve things. Was there ever a pre-apocalyptic Australia?"
"Given the amount of traffic of not-dead students going through the third-floor corridor throughout the year, probably rather low. Unfortunately, I am not a betting man. Instead, I'll let others do it. What are the chances that troll was *not* a boggart as the BBEG just said, but an actual troll?"
"It doesn't hurt smaller sites, because it's the advertiser who has to pay the fee. They don't just want to let through ads that respect the criteria. They let trough ads that respect the criteria and that PAY THEM extra. Means: No ad-income for smaller sites that can't pay, no matter how unintrusive their ads might be. Win for rich companies like Google and Microsoft that pay them for more income. And big win for Adblock Plus by making lots of money. They make themselves the middle-man, telling people they don't let through ads, telling companies they will, and then making big money by choosing themselves what gets let through based on how much they pay. It kind of reminds me of corruption. Telling people you want their best, just to give in to the first who pays you more. Not a great comparison but really there are some similarities."
"Great, now there is semen EVERYWHERE Embiid hype video"
"screwed, glued, and tatooed. I bet it has been screwed a few times. Or maybe nailed."
"Thy won the cup with laraques The Penguins already tried this route when they had guys like Rupp, Asham, Engelland and Godard. This is mainly how the 2011 brawl with the Islanders happened, all that muscle (on both sides) and eventually a spark caused a huge fire. If John Scott was more like Rupp/Asham was (capable of scoring 10 goals a season and being a good 4th line hockey player) then he would be a good fit for any NHL team, and wouldn't be on waivers in the first place. But John Scott really only has one purpose; lugging around the ice ambling for a fight, and a few players are left who are tough/big/dumb enough to fight him. John Scott wouldn't prevent anything from happen to the Penguins, just like Eric Godard didn't, just like Steve MacIntyre didn't, just like Georges Laraque didn't, and on and on."
"Rovers and probes yo' my biggest question would still revolve around how they kept it a secret. how they could receive communications from the red planet without anyone on earth except for the intended target hearing the message or at least realizing the source of a strange message. I'm sure something creative and based in actual science could explain it. another question I'm left the journal hints at expecting supplies from Earth, which again would be an amazing feat of stealth, even in the 80s. I love it."
"Try asking nicely next time and we might answer nicely back All I see here is a bunch of people who are defensive of their cheap makeup products, and unable to give an actual answer as to why they are bought. Nice."
"The number of people who subscribe to PCMR and take it that seriously are a fraction of that number. PC Master Race has over 300k subscribers and regularly gets things to the front page of reddit, and that's not counting the people that visit it without reddit accounts. Describing that as an insular clique is so silly that there really aren't any words to descriibe it."
I'd think about ejector seats if I were an uber guy. I'd think about concealed carry if I were an Uber guy.
Depends on where you buy it from! Is Sushi a dangerous food to eat in the u.S? What are the chances of you getting a parasite?
"The way people who are socially awkward learn how not to be socially awkward is making sure they know they stepped out of line. As a female who sometimes says the exact wrong thing, I have to admit that from the phrasing alone, it sounds like he's trying to make a bond by relating to you, but doing it very poorly and thoughtlessly. I'm not saying you're wrong or he's right, but he can't really know you made a decision to eat healthier before then. I also have no idea how he sounded tone-wise, so he very well could've been straight up douche-in' it, but.... he's probably just a thoughtless prat. I still give you permission to kick him down the stairs."
"yeah those trinity force nerfs were unbearable... They did the reverse of what happened to corki. They nerf Hec at the same time they nerf all the items that made him OP in the first place (elder lizard, iceborn)."
I want that guy to do my eyeliner wings every day. Making a kokeshi doll
If you didn't have insurance for less than 3 months you can apply for a penalty exemption. I have insurance through the exchange and I was sent a form detailing my monthly premium payments to be used when filling my taxes. I had coverage for 10 months and have to pay a penalty ($120 or so) for the months I missed. They know if you were covered or not.
"Well Nairo's Lucina has been getting some pretty big wins recently, too. Marcina isnt turning heads. Marth is So i wouldnt say its good news for her, she hasnt done anything whereas Marth has won a few tournies and got some really good placings"
E! R
Nuclear winter What if you use a jammer to jam the jammer?
"I lost it at ""certified grade-A hunky dreamboat."" Checked my ""other"" inbox on Facebook the other day, only to discover someone had romantically(?!) doxed me."
"I think we have a great kicker on the team as a RS right now, but from what I understand he showed up to school and I guess he was a lot smaller than they thought he was, so they redshirted him so he could beef up because they were afraid he'd get murdered. So do we not have a kicker worth dick?"
"Maybe, but he's not any better. Is Donald Trump right about Hillary Clinton?"
"Only if you consider 31% of the world population a ""majority"" Ever notice they make up the large majority of the worold's population too? Something's fishy..."
"She should be *so* pleased to have your approval. All right, now we're back on the right path.;)"
He jogged back to position because the cheating bugger was offside. so what did he do after? smash it right?
Only legal if you are Harper and in control of the government. Is the legal? Can anyone just set up a fixed camera on public property like this?
Aww that's unfortunate Except the soldier did try to shoot him and the gun was jammed.
"an over-the-top angle, if you will. Yeah they're designed to be over the top because you've got a very different angle on them."
"For a few inches, then the PVC will shatter. You can use cut pvc pipes as rollers."
"Example? Lol, I don't get where people think the FBI commenting on Hillary's high profile, public interest case is unusual when it really isn't. They don't do it for every case for sure, but on cases where there is high public interest they always comment."
"And Broncos just signed CHJ to a 5 year contract last year, so as long as nothing crazy happens he'll be with the Broncos for a while. Get Von or Chris Harris Jr. The defense deserves the jersey love right now, not the offense."
That would be awesome! Idea. Thoughts?
Skins will have a new stadium before that happens I'd rather have a metro style beltway. Esp from king street to Morgan blvd so I can get to skins games faster!
"Demons must've been pretty pathetic if Smelter was their prince Crazy theory about Lorian So we know that Lorian has a badass flaming sword, but in order to get that level of badassery he had to slay the demon prince, a supposedly unknown to the player demon. I think that I know who lorian slayed. The smelter demon. Evidence: The smelter demons were made by the old iron king, so you could infer they are princes. The smelter sword and Lorian's sword both have the vein flames and have a fire torrent and buff ability, and in the smelter demon fight the demon ignites it's sword in its core for pure fire damage. Lets say that Lorian in his prime killed the smelter demon by thrusting his sword through the core then he would inherit the flame, and he would have killed the Demon prince. IDK when, IDK why, just seemed a bit coincidental, like my other theories. TLDR: Lorian killed smelter demon"
"Her Armpit's Really Musty Since HARM is all caps it must be an acronym. What do you all think it stands for? I'm guessing Harold And Raymond's Maleficence. Please, prevent those two from being jerkwads to people with respiratory issues."
He even finished all three bottles of bear. Nah he is just taking a paws
"If like to mix in a read option every now and then Derek Carr is your dude Yeah I don't tend to run with my QB, unless it's a last resort option"
Also... Pills here. oh fuck.
"all de beter to see u with :3 vv smol pugger, vv big peepers"
WAITAFUCKINMINUTE.. theres more flavours than purple? You tried the pineapple ones mate? I got a couple packs in my show bag when I went to the RAS and they are bloody orgasmic.
when you have a large monitor they ARE on the big screen ;D Thanks man but I can wait for them to be on the big screen.
"Funny how such a small team has managed to make the most impressive and polished Early Access game I think I've ever seen, yet you see huge teams with massive budgets making unfinished/unplayable games that never get any updates. Having a team that consists of 25 people and being able to produce this quality of game *AND* frequently update to provide balances/new content is **R E M A R K A B L E** SLS has impressed me and won my ~~credit card number~~ support"
Looks like open net with goal posts These looks like packs of cigarettes.
"This was done by having two guys play ping-pong and then removing one guy and CG'ing the robot in his place, so the ball's movement is 100% correct. Am I just jaded or does the ball movement look totally fake? I think I was just assuming it was fake from the beginning but seriously, that's not how a ping pong ball moves."
"Bahaha, well done. Gleefully agree to fix their computer, make a copy of their hard drive, use this information as you see fit. It's the Facebook approach to getting paid for your service :)"
Obviously they have to capture the market from Whatsapp. Google's Allo is being rolled out in India first. This is the first time I have seen a prominent app released in India first. Aaannnnnd it has Aadarsh Baalak Stickers!!!
"Nothings gonna change my love for you... Got your back, Adelaide cunts"
"Boyd is spinning in his grave. Lockheed Martin F-16V IN/""Super Viper"" Prototype"
Us Kha'Zix mains seem well versed in authentication :-) like Kerberos principle?
"You could eat less if you're less active at 40. No jackass, when you get older your metabolism slows significantly. I also quit smoking, so there's that. I thought I was boss in my 20s because I could eat or drink anything and not get fat. Just wait about fifteen years."
"I love me some Philip Roth, but Bob Dylan is the shit. Bob Dylan is fast food"
"I would say it might reduce the amount of contesting from the defender, or allows you to shoot more unexpected shots. Does shot IQ even do anything when you're controlling the character?"
"Relatedly, There is a Pizza Store near here I live called Freddy's Unfortunately, the mascot is a chicken for that resturant, not so much a bear So this is where I work. Yes, his name is Fred."
"Israel = Poland, am I doing it right? ... in Jordan = Palestine"
"My grandmother told me 'Falling Rock' was a missing Native American girl.... We used to take long road trips throughout the Rockies, and whenever we passed a landslide/falling rocks sign, my parents told us kids that If we were too loud we would start a landslide and kill us all. Result: hours of silence in a car with three kids. Scarring: Minimal."
That's how facebook started. that's a dumb ass business model
"It would be funny if they restarted the match but you could only watch it on the WWE app. What the hell kind of ending was that? The last words are Daniel Bryan demanding that the match be restarted, and the episode ends before any conclusion is reached? The hell?"
and then 10 Because 7 8 9.
"True Lies, son! What's it from?"
I try to forget about that ever happening... Far better than Jimmy Fallon in it...
he's shot *one* zombie. but a good shot.
"since it came out on ps4 first im guessing he really didnt want to start over and have to buy the game again I can't understand why anyone would play this on PS4, yes the PC is horribly optimized, but **at least** we don't suffer loading screens in a game that's supposedly without loading screens."
^ This If only Reddit had an upvote button.
"Once again america has its grubby little fingers all over another country's affairs, trying to undermine their sovereignty for their own selfish interests. NSA was responsible for 2012 Syrian internet blackout, Snowden says"
What if you don't get injuries? With infinite pain
"Welcome to the Master Race! Thanks, it was extremely helpful."
Unless they're killed they still have it better than aborted babies. Do you have any idea what happens to kids that aren't adopted? Do you know what happens when they get aged out?
"delicious Why the Cowboys should have started Romo as soon as he returned. I've had this conversation so many times in a bar stool, figured I'd run it by people that aren't drunk/football morons (Sorry, the majority of Cowboys fans ARE football morons). Exhibit A) Antonio Ramiro Romo has been playing professional football at a high level for over a decade. His most recent playoff appearances he's been FAR from the reason we've lost out (Defense, fumbling RBs...). Healthy Tony Romo is among the elite QBs in the league. Dak has been good but has his play been elite? Hell no. Exhibit B) The last rookie QB to win a superbowl was: nobody. The last rookie QB to start in a superbowl was: nobody. There is REASON for this. Not that rookies aren't good, but a veteran presence who can stay cool under the most extreme of pressure is invaluable. Tony has shown he can do that. Dak has not yet shown that. Exhibit C) In my opinion, the most important thing to note is that we should have started Romo right away to avoid this exact situation. If you benched Dak for Romo then and told him ""you've done amazingly, and we look forward to you being the starter in the future"", you build his confidence... But now that he's struggled, we can't bench him without it seeming like it's because he's performed poorly. The Broncos started Peyton in the playoffs even though his noodle arm was on full display. They won the superbowl. Why Jerry/Jason/Linehan feel they can somehow beat the odds of a rookie winning in the playoffs is beyond me. In closing, I wish our FO had some testicles to make the hard choices when it's appropriate than making the easy choices when it sucks."
This is why suicide is always a legitimate option. Ottawa McDonalds Freakout (x-post cringe)
"mostly used as verb ""verschlimmbessern"". 'Schlimmbesserung' is a German word for an improvement that makes things worse."
"Yes, her beauty makes her worth more to society, AMIRITE? huuurrr *reads FHM* oh this is a nice PRODUCT PAGE! look at this fine MERCHANDISE! On a scale of fugly to megahot, I RATE her BEAUTIFUL HAHAHAHA this woman is now my CHATTEL!! *cigars and whiskey*"
"Well yeah, so are most of the ones with high teen pregnancy rates/abstinence-only education. They're all Republican controlled as well."
It's more like what I saw on the internet that made me realise I was normal. What did you see on the internet that made you realize you were fucked up?
The TPP is so conservative the Obama loathing Republican Congress gave him Fast Track Authority to sign it when the time comes. The TPP is liberal?
Kira Yamato vs ~~Tusk~~ Kira Yamato. What 2 Characters from different anime would have the most interesting fight? Something Something go away auto mod this post isn't low-effort.
"It is pretty much the same in any rural part of NV. The problem is, mormonism exists as a juggernaut at the polls. The fact that this thread exists is an indictment of that voting block and its electing some of the stupidest, hypocritical tools in the state. Every. Damn. Election. Having an (R) next to the candidate's name nearly guarantees that 1) They are LDS 2) They'll get elected. The Republicans have gerrymandered the hell out of the state as well, so the problem is deeply entrenched."
"Why doesn't she like you? I've tried, but it hasn't been very successful so far. In my city, there's like one organization that runs three group homes--one is in charge of each, with the others helping out on their off day. (No staff person lives here, but they check in like once a day and we usually see them individually twice a week to get groceries or whatever.) Unfortunately, the woman who runs my group home doesn't like me very much, so when I approached her about this a couple of months ago I got very little response."
"well I always consider anybody who wants to ""ban"" or ""silence"" any sort of expression as being rather ""authoritative"", i.e *""This sub should only have the things that I deem appropriate""* and to me that is very anti Libertarian... if you don't like the meme's don't look at them, if they offend your sense of intellectual ""debate"" down vote em You're going to need to explain to me how this isn't very ""libertarian"" of me. Would you see it as an abhorrent violation of your expression to free speech if you were thrown out of a library for shouting excessively after being told to keep your voice down?"
"I don't an over-under shotgun would be a goto gun for a school shooting, especially a sixty-two thousand dollar gun. fine piece of work, i bet the next school victims in a massacre would appreciate the hard work and engineering put in the gun."
This is fantastic in every way! Triple H got his fruit basket!
"Would you mind searching that response? There was a dev response on the forums saying it currently doesn't do anything,"
"I'd put Deion behind Woodson, Green, and Night Train Lane, but ahead of Blount. For this reason and this reason alone I am a (fairly biased) proponent of Rod Woodson being better."
"Lol, still one of my favorite video clips GOD_DAMNIT_DONALD"
"Do you know if there's a way to restrict net graph to just show ping and fps? You could also try using the net graph instead, which shows ping as well as fps"
Found the VER spammer! No. Things shouldn't be removed from the game because some people are easily offended. I often use ver to congratulate someone. If you can't handle some sarcastic vgs get off the Internet.
"I like this one. Memes? Ignus, Cossack, and Mega walk into a Poland. Which one revolts first? Trick question they all assassinate each other and Reformer absorbs Poland"
"The mouse is from the 1960s, and predates apple. TIL when Steve Jobs visited Xerox's Research Center in 1970 he encountered a technology that could project it's movement onto a computer screen. He then tweaked the concept, creating the modern day mouse and included it in the revolutionary Macintosh computer."
"Yeah but he sucks Hampton on the bench is growing on me. He can cover 1,3,4,6,7 and 9 if there are any injuries. I know he is only getting about 10-15 minutes at the end of games lately but he is a good insurance policy to have in these big games."
This made me giggle out loud at work - well done. Rose the Destroyer
"FYI: Dave Rubin said in a periscope livestream that he had 80 of his vids demonetized David Pakman has several videos demonetized, discusses Youtube's new policies"
"And suddenly the user name makes a lottt of sense :-D Abbey yaar 2 ghante pehle hee maine... Chalo theek hai, ek aur baar hee sahi."
That picture isn't accurate at all; I'm not sure any of them are even old enough to grow beards yet. r/The_Dumbfucks after the 3AM Wikileaks Surprise Press Conference
*Premium Pornhub account He's probably getting carnal with so many ladies thanks to his premium dance moves.
"Elaborate, then, don't just make a claim without elaborating. Companies are run by normal people. I've seen first hand the effects of a large minimum wage hike."
"True that. First chick that gets hit on for going in there, that shit'll end."
"never started Reddit, how did you stop smoking cigarettes?"
"Dude, make it smaller next time, the text was *way* too large. So this happened at work yesterday. *my first tree comic*"
"those poor, rural black voters in South Carolina are sure who I think of when I think ""Goldman Sachs"" Goldman Sachs to the rescue!"
Bless his homahsexyule heart. I've imagined a heavy set southerner saying that
"Mike Zunino What player on your team should not be written off yet? Many talented players take time to succeed in the majors, but for fans of neutral teams, it's easy to just look at their MLB stats over a season or two and call them bad. An example on the Cubs would be Jorge Soler; a player in the news would be Taijuan Walker, though he tends to be more highly thought of."
"Well if the freebasics promotes many such things and people do take the bait, then it can also be orders of magnitude worse Nestle is of orders magnitude worse."
What has that got to do with a thread about what happens if Clinton drops out? People voted for Clinton why don't u guys understand that?
They lost my support after 2h in the beta. Turtle Rock Studios ends their support for Evolve
When is the gigafactory meant to open anyways? Ever since the reno gazette journal reporters cut up some Tesla security people gigafactory updates have been slim. I don't think we will see much until the reveal which I think is in April?
Can most likely still buy it from the Calamity Salvager in any major city. Does that mean your artifact gear can't be gained anymore?
First round draft excitement continues. Broncos looking to trade up in the first round of the NFL Draft
"Make mods have a price, oh wait a minute What is the douchiest thing Valve could do to us? New MvM update: Introducing new Australiums! Each Australium has a special grade, wear, and may even be Strange or Unusual! Or both!"
"If Castro had the recessive gene than it is very much a possibility. Cubans can, it's just genetically it's very rare that a brown eyed person can have a blue eyed child.. not impossible though."
This dude just cocked back on a putback Shumpert with the nasty putback dunk!
"No, they are framing the spectrum of masculinity and femininity in terms that you take issue with personally, so you attack it by labeling it ""extreme"", as if it's an actual problem to have any sort of self-image that deviates from social norms It's this SJW gender fluidity-identity politics-political correctness shit that has infested Liberal parties. It's happened with the Democrats in the US and now this shit is happening here. If what they mean is that no male is 100% masculine and no female is 100% feminine then yes, I can understand that, there are feminine men and masculine women out there, as well as macho men and very feminine women, so I get saying that someone may not fit all the stereotypes of their gender, but what they're referring to is just extreme."
"Checkmate, peasants. Well, he set a world record of processor clock speed"
"*nice* Upon seeing my penis: ""Are you sure you're Asian?"" It was strange, but I was definitely ok with it."
"They have State and city taxes, we have NI payments and council tax. Completely ignoring state and city taxes of course."
She should stick to the curiculum and not force her views on her kids. Headteacher mocked on Twitter for claiming evolution is not a fact
Saxton Hale style. They should make it like fishing. But more along the line of catching and releasing a lion witb your bare hands. Now thats a sport!
"So, Teddy, how many of your owners are criminals and he is trying to get them off the hook before they are arrested and charged. Ted Cruz files budget amendment that would ""eliminate all criminal penalties for offenses established by agency regulations."""
About to do episode 5 so I'm not there yet I don't think. What about his blue ribbon crocodile tears when they start asking him about his investigation of Dassey? What a crock of shit.
"Up until they congratulated themselves for it, yes. they did a great job"
"i would throw a blanket over him before carrying him anywhere... Here is a tale from a friend of mine that used to be a bartender at a well known chain, that is no more. At least in my are there are none left. Setup: My best-friend and I used to frequent a well known chain restaurant where we had two buddies that were the bartenders there. So on a given Friday or Saturday night we could be found there. Now the important part here, is that the bar area had a big, circular bar, with an island in the middle that extended from the floor to the ceiling. So if anyone sat on the opposite side you couldn't see them, obviously. On the outside of the bar were various high-tops and booths. Now, on to the story: A what appeared to be a very intoxicated man, and what I am assuming *was* his girl at the time, show up, and sit on the opposite side of the bar from us. Our friend, whom was working, walks around the island, and takes their drink orders, and hand them food menus. These two hung out for a good while, ordering drinks, and various appetizers. After a while (while our friend whom was working was making small talk with us between helping customers, and making drinks), we all notice people start darting out of the bar area, and those that were left, were gasping, with shocked looks on their faces. When our buddy walks around the island to see what was going on, there it was. This dude that walked in with his date was just sitting at the bar, staring straight ahead with a blank look on his face, while masturbaiting with his right hand, and finishing his drink with the lft. His date, had a horrified look on her face, and just sat there in pure shock. Needless to say, the local PD was called, and he was carried away."
The Island of Misfit Toys What are the most emo band names? It doesn't need to be an emo band. Stuff like: I Hate Myself - Teen Suicide - All My Wishes Were Thrown Down A Well And Should Die There - It Looks Sad. What else can you think of?
"You know I feel like I've seen pics of this before.. But my google skills are letting me down :( IIRC it was a PITA to maintain.. But yea should work I guess.. Has anyone here ever seen or tried this? I have had the idea for a while, but do a tank, within a tank. One fresh, the other salt. Something smaller like a small live rock saltwater tank in a fresh? A meta-inception tank..."
Chinatown anytime Jake lights one up. What is the coolest cigarette lighting (or drag-taking) moment to happen in a film?
I'd say the Starbucks coffee sitting on an area that thousands of dirty diapers have touched. Not sure which is more disgusting: Child birth or Starbucks coffee.
"Can you give any examples? IDK Thorin is a pretty shitty person too, countless examples of that."
"I saw that I was alone in the rec room If you were on alert, wouldn't you have seen something?"
"Wells has the meta human ability of common sense Flash S03E03 'Magenta' Live Episode Discussion Synopsis: Barry (Grant Gustin) and Team Flash are thrilled to reunite with Earth-2 Wells (Tom Cavanagh) and Jesse (guest star Violett Beane). Wells confides to Barry and Caitlin (Danielle Panabaker) that Jesse has all the powers of a speedster and has been saving people on his Earth. He is concerned about her safety and wants them to talk her out of using her powers. Meanwhile, Magenta, (guest star Joey King) a new meta who can control metal, terrorizes the city."
"32-bit Office installs are always going to be limited to 2GB of address space anyways, doesn't matter how much RAM you have beyond about 4GB. I'm curious on which Outlook version and spec of machine? What memory does the client PC have? Our CEO and COO both are in lower 20GBs; the CEO thinks that he should email images to himself to back them up and they're around 4.3MB a pop."
I brag about it at work. Maybe I am an alcoholic...
But...but...but...fracking was suppose to lower gas prices! Exploration + drilling + extraction + transport = crude. Crude + refinement + transport + marketing = gasoline.
imagine the destruction on a wastland or epox server ;_; That shit is crazy... 3 gunner seats.. 105mm 40mm 30mm what else do you need?
"our long haired Himalayan does the Slut Cat pose too! i've found that all my, long haired cats do this, but not the short haired ones."
"Still means someone out there went out of their way to edit it this way. It's a Wiki... Literally every Dick, John and Harry can edit it."
Ayy lmao m88 Yeah he implemented a auto mod that notifies us when posts seem low quality. We have been curating stuff a little bit and deleting lots of unfunny text posts in the last few days. His stuff has been great :P
"Big if tru Based Bill Mitchell: ""Trump leads Independents 2:1 in the poll, but because they UNDERSAMPLE them, doesn't show."""
"""LOL"" -_- What is a phrase that makes you instantly dislike someone strongly?"
All women do... She only wants to butt stuff and won't let me see her naked. Also she has an Adam's apple.
What am I getting myself into? Just get in I will explain later!
Now they just need to play stick hockey on the roof. Regular Clerks
The circlejerk about it What did you dislike the most about the Jon era? Let's try something unorthodox.
It would if the United States' government voted the way that the constituents who elect them want them to vote. It would be foolish to assume cuts in foreign military aid would funnel into healthcare or education.
"Yeah definitely not a story you want to tell around the campfire. I was totally completely broke two years ago after college. I got into a huge accident, the car which my Mom owned but I drove was totalled. It was an ancient Sonata so it didn't take much to total it, but the damage was only exterior, my trunk was crumpled. Was able to go to a cheap body shop to get my trunk fixed, but I lied to my parents about how much the repairs were and kept about a thousand dollars for myself. They wound up giving me their share of the remaining money anyway, which is what really killed me. I don't think I ever need to tell them about it."
"Bill Waterson Is there a novel or an author, that you have come across that influenced your life so much that you find it hard to imagine that there was a time before you knew of them? For me personally it would be the novels of Aldous Huxley, Disgrace by J.M. Coetzee, and Chuck Palahniuk's Lullaby. All of these have changed the way I see the world and I find it strange, that I once had not been influenced by them."
"The Morse code says ""IS IT REALLY FAKE"". The Zedcamera account uploaded another video, fake again?"
"Even if you don't like their politics, Rational Wiki is still a pretty good skeptics resource. Rational Wiki is quite possibly the biggest misnomer I've ever seen."
"if he was he would have blamed it on obama What, are you a Fox news correspondent or something?"
"She was probably on hand shooting ""LegenDairy Looks"". No shade...but was Milk the only girl there not on the list?"
Looks horrible I made a last minute decision not to toast but make a French Toast BLT.
"For future reference, you can type ""which plank"" (or any binary app) in a terminal, and if it's in your PATH it'll return the path to the executable (what you'd then type in the command field). This worked, thanks."
Avengers 7: Mission To Moscow Avengers 6 and the Half Blood Prince.
I bet r/nfl_draft has a good idea. Who are the guys who play receiver on Gruden's QB camp? I'm not quite sure if this belongs here but I didn't know where else to ask. Are they like local high school guys or like local college draft prospects?
Ill stop pirating when you stop making shit movies. 'A shakedown against Canadians': Hollywood still telling internet pirates to pay up
"Comedic genius! And why fight super-villians when those so-called 'bad guys' may simply have a different-but-equally-valid view of the world? Who appointed these supposed super-heroes to impose their Eurocentric patriarchal notions of justice on socially othered groups? Is Dr Demento the villian for wanting to posion the city water supply, or *are we*, in our ableist privilleged myopia, for imposing neurotypcial standards on a disadvantaged individual?"
"So you have to record every fall... record fall one, 5 blocks, record fall two, only three blocks so delete that one, fall number 123894 was 6 blocks so we record that one, and that's the one you see when you sleep."
WHAT DOES ANY OF THIS MEAN? Welcome to Australian tinder
"Well 80+ people agreed with him it seems. Just because you didn't think it was funny doesn't mean everyone else did. This is basic level knowledge we teach 2nd graders, not grown ass people like you."
"Upvote for visibility Good luck, frient! A shot in the dark Hey Ents! I am a photographer located in Ontario, Canada with big dreams to make it somewhere at some point in my life, R/trees and the Mary Jane has helped me so much lately and I'm looking to give back! I would absolutely love to be able to work on a medical farm or dispensary and help with labour while possibly keeping track of photos for whomever! whether its social media and marketing or other needs/wants! I figure this is the best place to even attempt this. Im willing to travel to any area in the world! I want to see it all! Just a shot in the dark hoping a helpful fellow Ent spots this! Thank you guys for everything as it is :)"
:( The real April fools joke. It ends when the timer hits 10.
"pistol only dm but only go for 1 taps, dont shoot fast, track heads Good way to practice pistols? So lately I have seriously been struggling with pistol rounds. I have tried pistol dm but I just end up getting railed and I don't improve much. Are there good community maps to improve pistol rounds?"
"Oh my bad, they all look alike to me, just big ass yacht :) Well, this Yacht is Symphony and it only went across about 10 days ago. Probably similar pics get posted because it's quite an impressive site."
"Correct one had decades long association with AAs while the other just descended on the eve of elections to ""educate"" them what is good for them. they most certainly do not have the same records and policies with regard to race. Go educate yourself, please. On both candidates history, as well as the focus of their policies, in regards to race... Nothing alike..."
look pretty ugly IMO but hey if you like it Cyan and Purple
"Good movie though Well... not really. When I watched it last week I suppose there were scenes that included humor and scenes that Included romance, but never together. And both types of scenes were scarce. Very much a drama film"
"ALRIGHT, THIS WAS 20 TIMES BETTER THAN THE ANIME FIGHT Akame ga Kill! (Chapter 54)"
"We lost when we transitioned from articles of federation to a constitution. We lost the second the public sector unionists got in to the education system. Once they were there, they were able to get to the minds before common sense and life experience could demonstrate the absurdity of the claims. Instead, we send the most malable mi D's and future of the country to a place for 7 hours a day, 5 days a week, some 40 weeks a year for well over a decade and a half. There, these kids learn quickly that if they disagree with the unionist they will be punished, held back, etc. Whereas, if they agree with the unionist they are left alone, promoted and progress... Is it any wonder they think the way they do? Then, this liberal production line produces more people every year than life can fix. It is a flow problem."
Mirana had one too. The linken on NP had me thinking the same thing but they kept getting NP caught out and then jumped. No room for the supports to get that farm and keep their buy backs.
It's in Bahad 1 I am tempted to try to figure out who that is... I'm guessing it might be for a security job rather than the army.
"It had just over a 1 in 20 chance of happening... it was definitely still statistically improbable. I would say this was statistically improbable to be right about, but clearly it's the exact opposite. Well played!"
"The only way VR will gain traction is if businesses invest in it for remote communication, but cost is still very high and current video conference tech is simple and easy to use. 'Weak Demand' for VR and AR Causing Concerns for Companies Investing in the Technology"
You could've done the same instead of posting this question. why instead of reading this useless question dont you do some squat challange on youtube fitness ?
Two - They won also one where VP went out in groups and they had to face Titan in the final... (ASUS ROG Winter or sth like that). Dude they won a single title this year. On a lan with T1000000 Swedish teams. It just doesnt click anymore.
If the government overseers were actually doing their job and working on recission reform rather than trying to take over everything this sort of shit would not be possible. 23-year-old Susan Bailey lost her legs to an E. coli infection. WellPoint Inc. denied coverage of special prosthetic legs she needed.
"The further up you go, the more the following applies: A specialist gets paid $1 to make a checkmark but $999,999 for knowing how. Yeah but in the corporate world, there's a point where the more you get promoted, the less work you have to do. That's just the way the cookie crumbles."
"The answer we needed, but not the one we deserved right now. Starlord, man..."
"DCed. I'm not, I don't think so... When I dc the game just stop and I insta-lose usually. But here, he even taunts me and I can see the little red marker when he overs a card.."
"Hell yes I would. To everyone in these comments, would you sell them if you got them? I personally would, I could use the money much more than the shoes, but I am wondering about most other redditors."
"I GOT A SNAKE! Relocated this guy from a crowded trail, a lady walking by got upset I wouldn't kill him."
"Since it applies to able bodies she probably will be fine Well that is sad. My friends mother is on food stamps and every other form of government assistance. She can't work at all. She has so many mental health issues, its a psychiatrist's nightmare. She can barely socialize with others, let alone work and take orders."
Did we all learn this from National Treasure or just me? Fucking Ben Franklin... What does he have against the PS4?
Are we supposed to be congratulating those security guards? Intense Loss prevention takedown - KNIFE INVOLVED!!
How do I setup to unlock my laptop from it? I put in on the desk and then wake up my PC or Surface.
"She's more cute in the manga than in the anime. Whenever Mavis is crying, I want to cry too."
"If he hired underage prostitutes and paid with Bitcoin, then he'll get off scot-free since it's totally anonymous, right? My programmer boyfriend won't tell me why he got arrested"
Kind of feel bad that he wanted water but couldn't get it. Assisted suicide of billionaire Peter Smedley
"LETS WORSHIP IT! Cube-shaped iceberg in the waters off northern Greenland, photo by Sebastian Copeland"
"Or he hates skinheads, and is obviously not racist! I saw him leave a bald, white dude hanging when he tried to high five him when the Giants tied the game. He hates bald people to I guess. Lol"
"They even got a new one with the talent, rshaman looking strong I don't really buy it. It seems like they took a look at Resto Shaman - one of the most clunky, dysfunctional healing specs - and said ""meh, fine"". What is interesting is that Resto Shaman are the only healing spec yet previewed that retains large radius AE healing (Chain Heal). Every other large radius AE heal has either been removed or nerfed (Priests/Paladins)."
"Well yes, but Id hire kevin kline for literally anything And Kevin Klein."
"They can get around that by buying an iphone... ...oh wait.... In modern Russia you have no privacy... Russian YotaPhone manufacturer admits, that FSB requires planting backdoors in every Yota Phone"
Ron Paul. You'd be better off with Obama than any of the current GOP candidates in the debates (non-debaters like Roemer are a different story). The real battle is in the congressional elections. We need people who aren't partisan sycophants who are data-driven in their politics and capable of compromise without throwing the country under the bus.
"That split with Leech is incredible.Did your version come with the patch? Bryan Funck would hate me for this, but his band and their album art is amazing and I want to support them"
No...but you were spying when after you knew he was masturbating you just sat and continued to listen. I wasnt spying when I'm checking OUR security cam regularly just like he does. I didn't check it expecting to catch him doing anything.
"Why not do both? It would be easier to do this on BRK.A BRK.B and sub Buffett in for Musk. TSLA will likely tank on its own [lack of] success, negative headline events, and Musk diluting shareholder value with capital raises. Plus, Musk does space stuff. Buffett does junk food, trains, and insurance stuff. Would you rather have more space, or more trains?"
"There's no interest among the populace either. But collectivity there is no interest in reforming the system, so it's still their fault."
"fyi albinos aren't black. There is a girl who works as a librarian in my local library who is a black albino. When I fist saw her, I thought she was a white girl dressing ghetto to fit in."
"U uh.. shouldn't play league.. I refuse to play gta5 with randoms anymore, particularly heists. I think I still have high blood pressure from that shit. Too much time and effort in the game to put faith in a random player. Also randoms on the last heist always feel so entitled to getting more than 20% even though they contributed nothing to the pre-missions."
"Because fracturing a community because some people are insecure and ignorant is always a good idea, right? Actually this is an interesting idea. we could have a gonewild for men and a gonewild for women. It'd be a lot more organized."
"It was really good and I enjoyed it quite a bit, but people do talk about it as though it's the second coming. Interstellar voted 'Most Overrated' movie of 2014 by Metacritic users"
"There has never been a weaker champion in League of Legends than release Yorick (except for purposely useless Evelynn and even that comes close..) Yorick was extremely overpowered when he was released, though xD"
"Yeah, but like I said, I didn't realize it was Swahili. You know? Timon? Pumba? Lion king?"
"GT doesn't work, inv zDistress if you still need a 6th XB1 Normal Mode - Need one Need one guy... 28+ for normal! GT BoozeRob X"
"I don't play hardcore, but I can see how it would be great for that. Im with you FAD is great haven't used anything since I have unlocked it and I also used a prestige token to unlock it early. I use it pretty much exclusively playing in hardcore."
Can't help you without a tweak list ios9.0.2 springboard crashes Hi dears could someone please assist me on this i've Jailbrokin iphone 6s running IOS9.0.2 but every time i apply force touch on any app my phones springboard get crashes can someone advice me :(
I'm about to cry fam Haha I only have one true friend other then my wife. I'm a simple guy for sure but have most definitely been through a whole life full of literally unbelievable series of events that would make a great fuckin movie or book some day. I've seen the highest peaks in life and it all taken from me in a matter of seconds. With all the trials and tribulations I've been through makes me the person I am today and why I work so hard to spread positivity in my day to day life. Weather it be on here given love to my Ents or helping an old lady on the island who's lost or fix some shit without expecting anything in return. I just do my best to treat everyone the way I would want to be treated. That is all. Sorry for the rant bud but you are correct about your comment I suppose in retrospect.
soo cute More photos of the large feral cat colony I feed
"nice meme faker is overrated, and he will get exposed at worlds when he faces mid laners that are actually good such as febiven, xpeke, godv, and pawn hopefully, if he qualifies"
I'm not sure who Reddit is I think Reddit doesn't.
"I'll be there both days. Opsicle April 12 and April 14 9:00 PM EST If you're on the roster, please comment on your availability for both dates below."
All hail the true lord of the sea and land Cthulhu! Irish trawler dragged by suspected submarine
"At most they want to get out of the Euro, but it's a fringe movement within M5S. Oh yes it does, because it puts Renzi's cred on the line. And Renzi is the only tight thread that keeps Italy connected to the EU. A loss for Renzi, is a win for M5S. And they are certainly not EU friendly, as far as I understand."
"I think everyone knows what Ryan's issue is but just won't say it (because it's probably drugs and his family wants to save face) Teen Mom OG: Reunion Part 2 *In Part 2 of the ""Teen Mom OG"" Finale Special, Dr. Drew discusses Maci's marriage and new baby, Amber storms the stage when Farrah insults Matt, and the moms band together to do something Dr. Drew never expected.* AFTERWARD: Cate &amp; Tyler's **Reunited** will be on. AutoMod will put up a discussion thread a few minutes prior."
Too bad the officer couldn't get the guy riding his bicycle on the sidewalk (on the wrong side) too Instant Karma for Shoulder Driver
"Wasn't some of Police Quest and Quest for Glory DOS? None of these games were DOS games (that is, the ones listed in the title)."
And staying in their respective places in 3D space as if the fridge werent taken. The contents are left behind.
Steve Nash could be the new Yoda teaching youngbloods Russell and Clarkson Damn are the younger guys gonna carry nash around like yoda when they do this
"Why would you read YouTube comments? Why does everyone blame liberals? As you may know Youtube has recently issued an ad friendly rule that won't let you place ad's in your video if it is not politically correct or has foul language and violence, And most people in the comment section on videos that discuss this travesty is oversaturated with people blaming liberals. Why is that?"
"So he's the guy i always play online pro clubs with in fifa? Our best youth prospect, in the top 2 of England youth prospects. Bayern and Barca were chasing him, he's still pretty small but technically he's a beast. Messi with an afro"
"Dibs on the USS IOWA Hitlermod Nation So wait. Lemme think a minute, cuz I'm drunk. And if you're a gun owner that's not drunkfaced 3 to 5 nights a week, did you not hear about our tyrant Obama? We have a nation founded on the private ownership not just of assault weapons (grape shot, meet cannon), but of battleships. And I get some shit when I wanna impersonate an implement of military utility by putting a muffler on my neutered musket (AR15, meet two hole nation). So our voluminous and obfuscating legislature eats away at our rights with some Tumblr, social justice warrior level trolling, and we retreat to the semi-sanity of Reddit and our gun shops and ranges. NFA, Hughes Amendment, LEOPA, Brady, etc. etc. etc. And now, some dipshit or false flag treasonous asshat starts banhammering your house (cuz I just got here), and displaying this minor annoyance by minor annoyance method of eating away at our rights (because Reddit has very clearly gone beyond private company to public square) and we're talking about how to avoid that banhammer? Fuck no. As Sun Tzu advises, we all know our enemy and although he may have once been one of us, he is now an anti, whether he intends so or not. We have been trolled since 1934. We have finally learned to troll back. If you're not weekendgunnit you don't know how to win."
"I liked Green Mile as both the book and the movie. Misery is pretty good, too. I think they're the exceptions that prove the rule. :P"
"Make a gif duplication machine, just make sure they don't produce too much ;) I've only gone through like 70 of them. But you're right, good gifs are a finite resource that must be preserved. I'll be more conscientious from now on. :("
YHOO.IT and huffingtonpost have the same article with a different title. Funny How Different News Sites Cover a Story
"GOD DAMN! Rough Cut: Elliot Sloan's ""Metal and Mayhem"" Part"
I'm surprised she isn't hunched over from carrying those babies for years. Poor Camilla's going to have back problems in a few years.
displace modifier for one Whats the best way of making a flat surface look more realistic by making in uneven and bumpy (like a natural landscape) I have a flat plane and I want to make it uneven and not just a flat surface. What's the best way of going about this? Are there any modifiers that work like this?
"Yeah... it's been a while since I read it (so I don't remember it very well) but I remember really liking it. This guy gets it. So many people hated the ending. I still don't understand why. The story was supposed to give you a sense of dread about the monsters created by the experiment, then the ending forces you to internalize that dread by making you realize that you're one, too. I still remember the chills I got while I was writing the ending. I guess it just didn't work for some people."
"I think it is already here. Assuming the sod is available.... ""Recent flooding in Colorado imperiled some grass farms just as the Cardinals decided they would need 13 truckloads of sod."""
"No, they leave so that they don't end up bankrupt after a life saving operation. I don't think anyone is leaving the USA for Spanish median income."
"I'm on mobile so I can't link it but apparently this has caused a 1500% increase in donations for ALS. yeah, the cheekiness of him calling out Pep is fine..I just hate the whole ""spend $5 on a bag of ice so you don't have to donate $10 to charity"" aspect so dumb...then you have to scream ""HEY I'M AN ACTIVIST"" to everyone by parading it all over social media. but i'm an old curmudgeon"
"If there's a market for it, sell it. Why is this a stock photo?"
"Than. With JFK you where heading in the right direction, then something happen, I don't know what. ""Don't ask what America can do for you, ask what you can do for America."" That's one of the best quotes ever said by an american. And to be honest. Our system is not perfect, we have our problems too (but they are small compared to yours). But we are working on them as you are working on yours. But yes, I strongly believe that I have it a lot better then the average american."
How's his here? Those can be nasty. I know one guy who crashed and had to get his whole there removed.
wha? Well apparently you do
This piece is. Salon is satire?
Ice age 4: the Meltdown Ice Age 3: The Meltdown
"They are also very liberal with the ban stick. Crazed trump fans can shit post whatever they want, but they are super quick to ban anyone on r/the_donald. Apparently you can hurt their feelings by pointing out obvious truths."
"I think they flip Reyes now. They just saved about $100 million by getting him off their payroll, he's still got 5 years left on his contract with $20 million a year and Reyes contract is up at the end of this season, it makes more financial sense to trade him for somebody that is willing to take on that contract, now hopefully they can flip Reyes for some better prospects, let him go at the end of the season or resign him for a hell of a lot less than they were paying tulo"
It is though... it's not plain text...
Your chin looks like Lance Armstrong's nut sack while he was going through chemotherapy. Just woke up and took this #NoFilter picture. Lets see if y'all can bring as much fire as J Cole's new album!
"You are David icke aicmfp. You don't think Labour relaxed Immigration out of the kindness of their hearts? Immigrants have children, children who have full voting rights and statistically vote for parties that supported immigration in the past."
"Well I like toon link a lot, so I guess light? What sort of characters do you like? Floaty? Heavy? Is there a character you like as a character? For example, if you're a big Pokemon fan, and you love Greninja, pick him! However if you want to play a character to win (which is just as valid a reason to pick a main), Shiek is right now number 1 on the tier list. After that you have things like Luigi, Pikachu etc. So yeah, what style do you like? It's easier to help once we know that. Also, the base control scheme is honestly fine. I recommend turning Tap to Jump off, but that's just me."
"polonium? I'm aaaaaaall the way here in London, what are they going to do about me? Fuck 'em."
"evga or msi are the way to go. If your GPU company makes you pay for return-shipping for a broken product, you need to find a new GPU company. \#EVGAMasterRace Buddy's 660 Ti stopped working last year, and he had shipping/tracking info on the new card before they even sent him the shipping-label for the broken one."
"Like, are there any scammers, how much direction are they expecting, how do they expect payment, is negotiating cool? When you say tips, what do you mean?"
The only thing that makes it better is talking to my brother (a TCU fan) about 61-58 Nothing will ever come close to that loss. I still get sad about it at least once a day
Obviously Pretty sure there were some people hanging around Oz before the Europeans turned up
"Your ear looks like you got it from the ""Free"" section on Craigslist bored as hell at work... roast me good"
"Yes. Are you really, literally Adolf Hitler?"
"Absolutely the right decision. Why couldn't I see the sub? What happened? A post was made with comments from a screenshot of a reddit post. The post broke no rules but I felt, in light of the unpleasantness on Monday, that it would be wise to warn against brigading. Almost immediately, someone made a comment saying they had, indeed, gone to the original post and commented. I banned that person after checking on their claim and, as I had said I would in my stickied comment, took the sub down for a short time. This action was taken to illustrate just how quickly we could lose the sub. I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused you but my point stands: We will not have brigading in this sub. The post that started all this has been removed. Every time this happens we get closer to a very unhappy ending. Please stop risking the sub."
"If only her last name also happened to be Nguyen Not only does she regain the use of a lost limb, but she can be the envy of every kid at the playground by having a sweet looking bionic arm. thats what i call a win-win"
Then you never played a civ game efficiently. I don't think I've ever touched the keyboard when playing a civ game...
"I bet it will maintain a loyal fanbase for a while. While the concept is great, I think once people start playing and get over the hype that the game will end up very repetitive and boring.."
Batman/johodon DD Urealms campaign 2.0 So Saturday 19th Myself and burn will be hosting a new URealms campaign. We will be asking all those who want to participate to come to the character creation on Saturday 12th at 3pm est. We will only be able to have a max of 8 players so if you wish to join please sign your name below Thank you - Hughes
"Reducing the size of the IRS is not ""abolishing"" the IRS. Yes but not 100,000 people. I wonder what the average cost per IRS employee is.... $100,000/yr? Now what's $100,000 x 100,000?"
"Thanks, I'll try searching for it There's a hilarious operetta by Bernstein based on the book, if you're into that sort of thing."
"Go home SQL. I feel like you should UPDATE your reply, cause something is missing"
You forgot zap and lightning. You vs the guy (compilation)
"All of mine wear the same gear, and when you're left only focusing on weapons (even then, just your favorite/preferred classes) it isn't so bad. lol that sounds like quite the journey, if I had experienced that my gear would be a mess"
Shame though I can't imagine a situation where I'd recommend someone get a card with a different vram amount. Nope. That was the coolbits hack that allowed for that.
"Prediction: Trump's next early morning tweetstorm will be aimed at ""unfunny"" SNL on ""failing"" NBC and ""hasbeen"" Alec Baldwin Big names, big viewership: 'Saturday Night Live' gets ready to mock Trump and Clinton"
"Ssh bby Good game refs, er I mean heat"
Too bad if he puts Christie as AG it wouldn't matter Trump supports the states right to decide and fully supports medical use.
"He thought Ellaria was a good girl, but she was actually a bad actress. Oh God I didn't even think about him. He'd probably be having a mental breakdown."
The fact that he is lying still during that leads me to believe he is dead. This chick knows how to massage her man
"Whoosh, right over your head. ""Torturing humans is on the same level as torturing animals."" I can do strawmans too! (Both are bad)"
"So.... an Okidata? A printer. A really obscure printer with drivers that are impossible to find, that always says the ink has run out a few days after you changed the cartridges."
Or is this just fantasy this is reality
"over acted, under directed medellin staring Vincent Chase"
"He got the inappropriately sexual content in there ahead of the insincere romantics, usually it's copypasted smooth talk and *then* the lewd uncomfortable stuff. mmm Raceplay upfront"
"Metal Gear, I'm assuming? I get what Armstrong is from the context, but what is it from?"
"Well if the thought experiment tries to be as silly as possible then there isn't that big of difference anymore. There's a difference between a ""joke"" and a demonstration or thought experiment."
"I was worried they'd reuse the standard German voices as most (including myself) couldn't tell the difference nice, they actually got the Austrian accent right"
"It was cool for a day but I went back to Textra shortly after, it doesn't come close in functionality. Now that some time has passed, how many of you are using Facebook Messenger for sms? I'm just curious to see if any of you have stuck with it, and why/why not? And if you aren't using it, what could they do/change to draw you to it?"
That music makes me so angry... Iron Front - Arma 3 Mod Trailer
"FUCK YES OKOYE CARD JFNFKDKDNFNNIGERIANNIGHTMAREJDHDJDJFJ Sneak Peek at new Legends in MUT 16, as well as a look at some player ratings"
Nazis should eat orphans. Post a controversial opinion and wait for the orange envelopes.
Then I would probably select another video that doesn't lead people to question which information is correct. Clearly someone added text related to Muslims. HOWEVER it clearly shows Jews praying in a synagogue. Regardless of stupid text.
It's been sold out for a while Can't you Pre-order on Amazon?
You can admit it if you........STFU! The way these reporters all churn out the same exact thing seems oddly familiar.
kek Go away.
"Even if they don't win I want outrage that call was terrible. if the cardinals win i hope i see the media as outraged as they are when we win off a refs call, smh"
"Of course they will. 15 years ago, Congress kept Mickey Mouse out of the public domain. Will they do it again?"
"Thank you for being rational. Everyone is picking sides without all the facts. All we know is an 8 year old girl had a knife and was doing something so menacing the babysitter called the police. Without understanding what the circumstances were, it seems premature to place guilt. What if she was standing in the corner of a room swinging a knife violently? Perhaps the tazer was a good choice. What if she was running around the house refusing to give up the knife? Then maybe 4 officers should have tried to disarm her with some distraction snatch and grab maneuver. It's easy to pick sides when you are imaging what happened."
"Quick, hide under your smartphone! But we don't have desks anymore. The schools can't afford them. We just hold our stuff on our laps."
"If you can convince your clients to pay you more, you deserve it. I'm self-employed and haven't had a rate increase in more than 15 years. Maybe it's time for a 567% bump."
"~~I'm a level X Anubis~~ :) Being someone who plays a lot of joust, I'd like to see him just removed IF YOU PLAY JOUST IN MY ELO YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN"
I think vert refers to convertibles Lil is a common rapper pre-fix Uzi is a gun Vert might allude to vertical Lil Gun Up lol idk
"If some of the memes could theoretically die on Reddit, the OP won't care, and would continue to repost old memes and the dank memes would have to be forced to reach front page among their dead friends. If some of the toys could theoretically die in Toy Story, the human wouldn't know, and would continue to play with the dead toys and the living ones would have to be forced to play with their dead friends."
Also nsfw tag Yeah the liveleak stamp didn't help.
"Che pezzo di merda! Pino Maniaci, le intercettazioni"
Delve creatures? It's important to add a fast clock. Attrition decks like Jund or Abzan in Modern have Tarmogoyf which takes advantage of empty hands on both sides.
"And the only reason players are able to walk on it without taking damage is because they're stronger-willed, but from the force of their concentration they have to slow down. This is less fun than imagining them weak willed, while the sand says, ""Your soul is mine!"" And sucks it up."
He'd probably be shot in the street! God forbid he said that in today's society. Who knows what could happen!
Haha very much so Relevant username?
I would've done things a little differently; the following words explain best: * Harder * Faster * Stronger Kevin Rose (Digg founder) throwing a raccoon to save his dog from attack
I expected a Porygon with Sharpen. The best way to sharpen pencils
Real talk. stardew_irl
"Because attorneys always draft overly-broad motions. They're saying all of his tweets and comments, even those *about this case*, are not relevant to the case."
^ or I'll do it for $50 ask your artist
Sure that is a reaction of islamists for being oppressed for so long time by gay people... or maybe we should just stop finding excuses and call islamist fanatics whit their name: whiny arseh0les hiding behind race and religion to avoid being called third millennium nazis as long as they can ( = as long as we allow them to). Bangladesh LGBT editor hacked to death
Most likely in a few hours Is there an exact date when Halloween Candy event ends? If there is a date then i'd like to know so I can tell if there's enough time for me to get 5 more pieces.
This somehow is far more depressing than all the other depressing things happening. Jan 20: Trump places his hand on a book he hasn't read + takes an oath he won't keep: to protect a constitution he doesn't understand.
Safelane Tinker is a thing? Great for safelane Ember or Tinker tho.
He starts at 3:30 estern Why are they showing the Malzahn press conference again? I thought Mac was up next?
on that same map there is a reaction time mode... just a big target on the wall and you shoot it when it changes color Workshop map for reaction time? Is this a thing? If not it should be. You choose how thin of a gap you want and it teleports you to a place where it is that thin of a gap. Yes I know there is a training map where there is red dots and they are there for x amount of time but the gap thing I feel would be better for me not that flick shot kind of reaction time.
"I have seen it several times where I live with a popualtion of 108,000 people, could just be the same person or could be several different people I have no way of knowing. Never seen a burqa in this country. Only in documentaries set in Afghanistan."
"Right now, Void Shield Number 1 and Shield of Regrowth Runner Up. What do you think is the most useless item in the game?"
TIL Bjarne Stroustrup created Linux Linux history lesson
"Blank Space is certainly VERY hard to beat. I feel like since blank space I can never love another video. But yeah, fewer characters and a bit more development would have helped I think."
It's good to be king. TIL all passengers and crew of Saudia Flight 163 died because the King's aircraft was taking off while their own aircraft burned up
GOP doesn't support Trump though. Democrats made this video. I love it and I wish I could vote for Trump. He looks fucking alpha in this
"My favorite Jorge moment was him physically picking up Noble Six and shoving him off the Covenant carrier into space. Look at Noble Team. Jorge was physically superior, but Six, Cat, Carter and Jun were more specialized. I think that SPARTAN-IIs were better soldiers, but the SPARTAN-IIIs were better operatives. IIIs were like tools for a specific situation, while IIs were more like multi-tools: they may not be the best tool for the job, but they will still get it done. Also of note, only two SPARTAN-IIs became commissioned officers (Fred and Kurt), while a signifgant number of SPARTAN-IIIs were commissioned (Carter, Cat, Six etc.)"
"I demand pics of said pussy wagon. I'm just saying, if some one continually brake checks me and swerves at me on a bike, I'm gonna stop swerving to avoid him. We all know it would turn into a recap of that range rover in NY. I for one would not be stopping to get my ass kicked, wether I were in my lame ass daily driver suzuki or my 77 pussy wagon. Clearly these are not rational people and I feel that mob mentality would take over quick."
"I dont get it If you ever feel like your job is meaningless, remember there is someone who is currently installing the turn signal at BMW."
"Oh man, some of these comments are gold jerry, GOLD Are the Raiders trying to sign a dream team? Title is pretty self explanatory"
"I got mine in 4 days (order placed March 31, received April 3). Wasn't shipping supposed to be faster now? Still waiting on my order from last year but it seems people ordering this year and getting their shipment in a manner of weeks..."
"""I will forever remember this transgression."" That's offensive to immortals."
Meh Nyaa~
This scared me so bad a first... Iodine and Alcohol reaction. (x-post from r/BeAmazed)
I've always played without vats... Except for shooting deathclaws' legs. I'm honestly upset that other games *don't* have anything like VATS. How am I supposed to slay dragons and blast geth if I have to manually target?
"I want, nay NEED a link to that thread This entire thread is just gold"
"One of the new skull modifiers is ""Deej is on the team"" :D (Love you Deej, I mean this in jest) The only suggestion I would put forward is go through at least one rehearsal beforehand. The guests and hosts would know and address the biggest rough spots beforehand and what to expect. Personally, they would have been better served playing PoE on a lower level to lessen the game's difficulty on how it's presented, which is the point of the reveal."
"If I see this picture one more time on youtube, I will actually tear off the carriage and throw it at the person using it as a thumbnail. I am so tired of being linked to this picture..."
"'MURICA That's actually genius, if we're gonna throw at baron, lets do it with democracy!"
"I just remembered ""sitting"" is slang for being jailed in NL as well. According to this sculptures, all the Soviet people are sitting (a common slang for being jailed) or kneeling."
"The Via train station NW of the former municipal airport, which is conveniently close to a bunch of places that taxis can take you. Where did they relocate to?"
"didn't look into modding yet because of the whole thing with the bans, but I hope they lift it or make dedicated modded servers Just got it over the SS and can confirm the thing to do is ""mod it till it breaks"" it can be a gorgeous game! Just for SP though"
"And now because you said that, they'll look around and find your throwaways. I use throwaways for the exact opposite reason. Close friends and my girlfriend found out my Reddit username over the years eventually, so if they were to look at my account they'd see a lot of fucked up stuff if I didn't use throwaways."
Die you make that chart on your own? I feel sorry for the PSN people among us. Coins for PS are now cheaper than those for PC. Like wot.
uhm..... idk how to feel Dodgers expressed interest in bringing back Greinke
"It's still a guess, people might think it's confirmed. ""I guess"". He's missed two and this one especially was awful. I wouldn't be surprised to see him not take the next one that's for sure."
He handled it wonderfully though. Ugh I remember that. Just awful.
In dutch opa means grandfather Opa as in brothers?
"They will always be a popular way to scam unless they make it so they re forced to do it in some way, like the trade screen Are the bite scams still rampant?"
"Yea but the fact that they held harden to such low numbers and parsons also tells me their defense won this game for them. Not to discount the Bulls, but their shooting was insane, and way above their average tonight. So they're probably not this good always."
So it already needs another charge? Giving her a quick charge before I start my day.
Any of my mechanical mods! What's everyones dependable and tough work setup? IPV3 / Atlantis 2 w/clapton coil.
"Could you be more specific about how this milk is used printer (laser is ideal, as inkjet can bleed) and use milk as adhesive. I prefer the thicker, canvas-like papers as I find them easier to handle as well as looking better."
Hey OP care to share what your CTR-V settings are and what kind of frames you're getting? Thank you 3DShacks for helping me find the BEST way to play Pokemon!
Move to New Hampshire and make anarchist friends. I live in Vegas. A lot of my facebook friends are changing their icons to support the Police department.
"What about ""Alice?"" I hate Lucy as a name for it."
She looks like Miss Doublefinger... Law has a girl in his crew! Shocking!
itll be cool not seeing him play us twice Same division? It'll be cool seeing him play his old team twice.
That's exactly how I know my e2 is out of whack. So for a few days I forgot about whacking off. Like just forgot about it. I was lonely and depressed and horny all day. Then I whacked it. It was like rediscovering fire. Now I feel better
"And then Hermes fail to deliver it repeatedly or throw it in to the bin outside, etc. Eh, Amazon free shipping tends to be like 3 days most. Prime is a good deal anyways"
"My Man! ""...Roy rules."""
"Nope, sorry about that, updating the post now. Nexus 7 still available?"
"Dammit, I thought we joined the SEC because it *was* the playoffs and none of the other conferences matter. SEC No Longer in Position to Aim for Two Teams in Playoff"
"Millions of peaches, peaches from me. Also peaches. Everyone likes peaches."
"Newbie gains though 20-30 lbs of pure natural muscle in an off season is impossible. Maybe with steroids it's possible, but the average is about 2 lbs/month. His body fat is low, so he could probably stand to add some fat, too."
"Erm, this is just a good cosplay. in his pants"
l s
Exercise What cheers you up ?
"All the MORE reason to call them ""Shroomies"" Since you asked for the answer: The Elachi are using technology from another alien race (the Solanae, seen in the TNG episode Schisms) to convert captured Romulans into Elachi. That 'fungus' process is the conversion part."
So is it only the seeders that get notices? My friend got one of these and he called Telus and the customer support guy told him to just not seed so much. :)
"""Tells it how it is"" = tells it how they believe it to be but are so completely off the mark I hope so too, but so many polls show him with a startling amount of support. It seems like the only thing that unites them is a shared hatred for PC-ness and they like that he tells it how it is. It's kinda scary to think that such a large portion values their ability to say shitty things without ever being called out on it over everyone else's lives :/"
"3, 2, 4,1, 5 Bringin it in"
Nope. Do you have TrueCaller installed?
"Yeah the industry doesn't need money injected into it, what would help is changes to taxation, this is why the industry performs well in America, Canada, France as they introduced taxation that is beneficial to the industry. ""We support government investment in this industry, which is why we cut over $65m in funding from their peak funding body in the last two budgets."""
"The visualizer makes it look like it could be heavy Woo, the name sounds like it could be heavy."
"How far away were the guards and how loud did you say it? I think the closest I've ever come to this was during a family trip to London many years ago. We were at Buckingham palace watching the changing of the guard, when a crowd started forming near the gate. A royal car, presumably carrying Prince Charles and Duchess Camilla, came down the road and into the palace. There was a notable presence of individuals holding radios, wearing suits, and generally giving off the unmistakable air of secret service equivalencies. My father was about to take a picture of the car, but was having problems with the camera, and I went to ask if it was turned on, but my brain, in its' infinite fourteen-year-old wisdom at the time, replaced the term ""On"" with ""Armed"". The phrase ""Is it armed?"" caused every suit-clad individual within earshot to instantaneously swivel their necks exorcist-style and immediately begin circling like sharks until they were convinced we weren't a legitimate threat, and I was just an idiot teenager. I think at that point, my shorts got a tad bit more brown."
"why are they focusing so much on Scotland The Big Polling Is Closed Let's Party Thread. Post results/news here as they come in. Opens at 10pm Please post any and all news/opinions and slaverings related to the EU referendum counts, results, conspiracies and dramas to this thread after the polls close at 10pm Good luck whichever side you support!"
Fucking finally. UFC 196: CONOR VS DIAZ DISCUSSION THREAD
"To be fair, it was a lot of pictures shown really fast. I don't see how a simple picture could turn you into a smart ass."
"Also Blade Runner (piano), Aliens (Ripley), and I think that is Judge Dredd in the bottom right. There's tonnes of references in there. I can't name them all, but I see Ghost in the Shell: SAC, Akira, RoboCop, Predator, and Evangelion."
I like my frames to be cinematic. It was satire (at least I hope it was).
This is so bad that I instinctively downvoted it at first Le epic troll
That's as many as seven tens That's like 70 internet years
"Hey man, that thing was awesome when I was 12. Man that's probably the ugliest belt I've seen. I hated that one so much."
Coors! Mirtle: Sounds like Colorado has something big brewing.
I guarantee that answer is yes. Anyone having a vintage theme Wedding in Southern California? Just wondering where the best place to get Vintage theme stuff. Thanks.
"It is hereditary I think my favorite was ""Does diarrhea run in your genes?"""
"Illuminaty Confirmed. zai = EG sub. eg = gga, alliance = gga"
"MaM sub, not the theory sub, by the way. It's showing up third from top right under the green stickies, at least in my firefox."
"That sounds familiar, what is that from? We have chip, penny, and used napkin!"
Everyone rushes to undermine men's feelings when they're not politically convenient. She gave them in the past. A lot of women will experiment with men they are attracted to but settle with men they rant for security reasons. Why does he have to outline what he is and isn't doing with his wife when that has nothing to do with what he is asking. I honestly don't even know why people(especially males) even bother coming here for advice. It's just dumb bullshit that always makes the male out like he's always wrong. If she's not interested in basic sex shit then they should just break up because that's pretty fucked up...
I think that person won that. friend of my wife got busted writing prescriptions. got banned. from the state of georgia.
Aaaand that's you need the free press to make sure the government don't run wild. Every wondered what the heck the Iran/Contra scandal was about? American Dad perfectly describes the history in an entertaining way.
"We have a few of those, add in the mailbox on top and I wanna use the entire damn device to bludgeon it's designers.. I use thinprint with Citrix/VDI, and we have to tell our remote offices not to fucking buy a printer without talking to IT first. Getting stapling,folding, and holepunching to work on one printer is like pulling teeth."
Thats my fiance's motto! Fake it till you make it.
"But in real life you just start another game I imagine it would be like when you're playing an RPG and you can't level up any more. ""Hit my limit, game's boring now."" Quits game."
"It only works with Amazon's streaming also... it doesn't work for Netflix, Hulu, or any of the other apps (the voice search portion, not the box itself). I fail to see how this ""fixes"" voice search. The author clearly stated that part of the problem is that you feel like an idiot talking to Siri while walking down the street. ""Fire TV fixes that because you use it indoors!"" It seems the author believes that since it works and they don't have to continue to say ""operator"" (which is voice recognition over a telephone line, not Siri or ok Google) that this is the answer to all voice recognitions problems. For one that is comparing apples to oranges. And two, some people can use Siri and ok google (or whatever it is called) just fine."
read it as ultra white masterrace lol #UltraWideMasterrace
"It works, the updated version was a little slower though so I found out how to use the ""legacy"" version and now it's running nice and smooth, thanks for your help in keeping me informed ! The update didn't *do* anything, though. There's no new textures, no improved visuals, none of that. All it added of any practical significance was a slightly-modified UI and different resolution options. The only thing I could think of which would have increased the requirements in any way is the 4k option, but that's wholly optional. Either way, Steam has a refund option, no questions asked, if you've played less than a certain amount of time with a game. You buy the game and try it out, if you can't get it to run at all you refund it and you buy KOTOR 2 pre-update from a different retailer like GoG or GMG. But I would eat my hat if you had issues running the updated version and could actually run the pre-update."
"Sounds like he is. You're an american, right?"
Double anal. Fuck yeah. What's else does she do?
"OMG, that tail wiggle! The only type of kid that I think is adorable"
"Find a good starter program for you, every workout is different. What does an average workout look like. How many sets? How many reps? Seems like a pointless question but I feel I just really need a point of reference! I'm obviously looking for a total ballpark figure."
Note the complete lack of minorities and racial violence. Dates in the 1950s
"I'm not much of a coder, so I went away from CS after doing something along those lines at A Level (where I also found Chemistry to be an unexpected strength) - I much prefer mucking around with hardware and games of various ages. Nice, I started towards a Math/Physics degree before switching to CS, the sciences are cool stuff, but hard work."
Dring is a legit starter item for a farm lane And after he says all that he buys doran's ring on gp.
"But dude, it's so fun. To all my facebook friends that constantly send me requests"
"I always end up as a sword mage everyone ends up a sneaky archer, there is no escape"
"""This... This is frog *rape*."" Ribbitted for his pleasure"
I found this exact picture in a bathroom in Denver somewhere. Supa fly
Is it just me are all the comments the same? Is it just me are all the comments the same?
Last I checked he dropped Pac-Man for Fox And a Pac-Man player as well if I'm not mistaken?
"he gud Why Butland? What's the obsession with Butland? If he wasn't English I dont think many fans would even bat an eyelid at him. Mignolet is easily the worst player in our starting 11. I 100% agree he needs to go. Ive said it from the the first game he played for us (even though he saved a pen). But why do people seem so keen for someone as average as Butland? Why are we not all targeting someone with actual proven quality like Bernd Leno? I think everyone is wanting Butland because, quite frankly, even the average keepers are better than Mignolet."
Fake identity Jailed Pussy Riot member still disappeared
"I think they only took a map, not a whole bo3 (which is still something) He actually played ""pro"" in CSGO aswell, Team Acer, early last year (something like may 2015) they upset fnatic in a bo3 IIRC with much worse players and him being IGL."
"Be as sick as you want, just give me a god damn bass line! I'm getting sick of your stereotypes!"
"Aw, this is actually kind of cute. TIL when McDonald's first introduced drive-throughs to China, the concept was so foreign that many people would pick up their food through the drive-thru, park their cars, and bring the food inside the restaurant to eat it."
But...can he hit? Iwakuma signs with Dodgers
He's probably going to torture her. Lock her up Raid the clinton foundation
Agree This should be the top comment
"it looks like her face accidentally shifted to the left , it wouldn't be so bad if it was ""aligned"" correctly has that's the style anatomy looked ok at first glance But i mean... its anatomy and face ARE really poor, thats the first thing i noticed and I am no tattoo artist. People are telling her to get a free touch up and pointing out what she should tell her artist, thats being helpful"
"I think they're usually a spur of the moment thing, I don't think they plan out to far ahead of time. 2015 Mystery Boxes Does anyone knows anything about all the Mystery boxes that will be for sale this year?, it doesnt matter which store or company, i just wanna know about the dates and stores they will be aviable"
That's easy to do if you are willfully ignorant. Pence: 'I don't understand the basis' of Michelle Obama's claims
two-thirds of everybody's workin' for the weekend. TIL Nearly one third of the American labor force works on the weekend
Have you ever seen baywatch? The guy with the long blonde hair just doesnt seem to care one bit lol. Not sure who he is or why he is there
It dropped 4/20 in the UK It dropped 4/19...
"I literally have no idea what happened to him, is he still quite young? Whoa hey I haven't given up on Moran yet. But Bregman/Correa are probably locking up SS/3B and blocking him."
Playing cars and Lego at day care at like 3. What's Your Earliest Memory?
*You're recharging it wrong* -Sent from my giant swimming-pool of money in the sky- Curious to see whether the uproar will be greater or less than S-Pen-gate once these things start breaking.
"BRB, bout to stomp some punks at the local junior high school. 30 is just the point where it is no longer acceptable to get in a fight with a 7th grader. Even if he has been held back a few times."
"It's not vague whatsoever your just pointing out stupid shit that shouldn't even be considered. This is a very **very** vague question. What does optimal items, abilities, and damage resistance mean? What is ""tankiest champion""? From what you said, a champion like Fiora could just riposte all of his 1-shot, since it's an ability to avoid damage. Different champions behave differently with items. Assuming health &amp; armor are split evenly (since armor has diminishing return past threshold)"
"If you expect parents to be part of the child's education, maybe you should provide some training for the parents to understand that process. Oh my. I wonder if the ""Frustrated Parent"" who wrote the faux letter about the number line problem will ever understand how embarrassed he ought to be? Well Mr. Electrics Engineering Major, it's not about 427-316, it's about the process of solving 427-316. The problem on its own is isolated and out of context and there's no real value in solving it as-is. The process, however, can be applied to other problems. The goal of this exercise is to analyze someone else's process and criticize it using rational thinking. You handily demonstrated why having a degree in something certainly doesn't mean you're ready for the real world. I'm worried that you might actually be assigned to an engineering project of value. The worst part of this is, is that the question very clearly stated the purpose of the exercise: to analyze the process. I wonder if you learned anything in your ""extensive study in differential equations and other higher math applications"" about seeing the forest through the trees. Do people like you really only want your children to be solving isolated math problems all day? Just get the right answer, and get a pat on the back? Is that all you feel your children are capable of? Are your expectations that low?"
"I love how their brains basically shortcircuit on dominant women, and they still sort of try to find mental constructions how it's still HER that is being taken advantage of somehow. Well, duh. They're smart womyn of power, but they also like dat bdsm with them as a sub because it's empowering and stuff and whatever."
"XL2411Z Need to get myself a BenQ, witch one?"
But the laws are getting weirder. I think the state has a lot of oil and probably a lot of land to spread out on if you wanted.
I...I... was the girl Korean? We're doing research projects in my english class one girl confidently announced to the class that her research has shown that monkeys can speak korean but not english
"Time to whip out the fall fragrances too! Fall! I got married in the fall. The leaves change, the air smells different. Its not too hot or too cold. I love it!"
"Yeah that spoiler part is such a vivid picture of a horrible scene, it expanded my imagination of how bad things could get. Really? I think that Worm is more gorey and descriptive of some of that violence than ASOIAF. For example, the parts where [Worm Spoilers](#s ""Grue has his ribs splayed seems much more visceral than a lot of the stuff in ASOIAF."") However, there is a lot more sexual assault in ASOIAF than in Worm."
"Yes i too want millions of people to lose their jobs and homes so i be closer to a train and drink rev beer. Yeah, speculators have moved in now. I'm on the south side of LS and there's houses being bulldozed and replaced with 500K-1M homes all around me. Wait for the next housing crash if you want to buy a house in LS."
"And ""only white people can be racist"" is the political ideology of the left. ""No U R"" is now the official political ideology of the right-wing."
"Wtf is this deck I remain stuck in Royal Arena with 2323 trophies. I climb and fall repeatedly, I need help."
"So they can sell heaps of space based pc and ps4 games. Okay, say the earth is flat. Then why would the government lie about it?"
"If you like Zacapa 23 you might also enjoy Atlantico Private Cask, they are very similar solera rums that I would also reccomend to OP if he likes sweet rum. I like the 23 more than the xo personally. At home right now I have some plantation guatamala which I really like and the diplomatico you reference. Check some blogs out, the reviews are usually pretty good. Try the rum howler blog or fat rum pirate."
"Welcome to Sparta. I believe that Bitcoin will continue in a bubble cycle, iterating through periods of stability, rapid appreciation, and crash. As a commodity, Bitcoin's supply is perfectly inelastic. (No other commodity has that property.) And I conjecture that this ""bubble cycle"" is the *only* way we could expect such a commodity's price to behave during the commodity's adoption phase. I assert that market dynamics and game theory lead inexorably to the cyclic behavior we are seeing. Takeaway: buy during the flat periods, and hold during the ramp-up and crash-down periods."
"so much this....or an elme fucker turning his brain off. tbh, battle rank means nothing in this game. I die more to br &lt;10 who randomly appear behind me xD"
"I thought Taylor Kitsch as Gambit was pretty good. I put x-men origins Wolverine on and started to fast forward it to the good part, I got to 57 minutes before realising there is no good part and switched it off."
"Plus it's also a game. Listen, any game with dynamic teleportation is good in my books."
The interup... Knock knock
"God-dammit, now I have to start playing again League of Legends Cinematic: A New Dawn"
"When little brothers are smart they get away with way more. Bacon is always the first food to be cooked by my father in the mornings. As a child, I would steal myself an extra piece, and blame it on my little brother. Hence, I'd get a total of three pieces, and broski would only get one. Looking back, The oldest kid gets away with so much shit."
"You can listen to it on iTunes Radio I Don't have an answer, but is ARTPOP available? How is everyone hearing her songs if her album hasn't been released yet? Or is this just from her iTunes festival performances??"
I've been running primarily LG devices for the past 5 years and I've loved them more than any thing else I tried in that time. Oh LG is that bad? I had no idea. Thanks!
"if we're talking all out nuclear war between every nation that holds nuclear ordinance, it's less of a risk and more of an inevitability Isn't there also the risk of nuclear winter?"
That is sadly true. not everything is readily aparent before you push the update though. lots of games out there that never get hotfixes to serious problems.
"The Grineer Flame Spear, Tennogen items, other stuff we haven't been told about. what is in these updates? any news on them?"
I usually have a decent ult but an enemy reinhardt with full shield gets sucked in and we kill no one FeelsBadMan How to properly play Zarya: 1. Spam repeatedly that your ultimate is ready giving your team proper warning 2. Type using Ult in team chat 3. Watch in misery as no one uses their ultimate. Entire enemy team survives 4. Make self promise to never play Zarya again.
Better casino rules and dice are allowed. Why do you say that? Only asking because the Osage in Skiatook is the only casino i've been to .
Would that make PoE the first video game ever with braille? Just add small triangles/dots at the edges of the screen
"It's not common practice to tip. Yeah I feel awkward whenever I end up needing gas in New Jersey. It seems weird that this guy is pumping my gas. Do you ever tip the guy? I never have because I would strongly prefer to just pump it myself, but I'm not sure what the norm is. I usually just try to avoid getting gas in NJ."
It could be my imagination or does Ottawa dig up the same few streets very often? Rideau Street now needs saving from earlier rescue attempts
Somewhere that isn't a pet store? So where do I buy a dog if I dont want a pittbull?
"A lot of the three letter agencies are exhibiting not only gross negligence, but absolute abuse of power You completely betray the trust of the country, and all you get is 3 years? If it were some street kid fencing shit, he'd probably get more time. Events like this are why people are losing respect for all federal agencies/law enforcement at an alarming rate."
She was better after she had some water.. No she felt dizzy and stumbled and was immediately better the moment she was in the van...aside from the shoe that fell off her foot as she collapsed and was tossed in the van like a side of beef I guess.
i got my masters degree in english and started work as an english teacher at a middle school What was your favourite thing about 2015?
"""Patriotism"", they should leave the UK then. Call me naive... When I read this article I couldn't help but feel like it was a few kids who had gotten a burst of, ""patriotism,"" and hung the flag without knowing it's more provocative intentions. However, I could be totally wrong. However, this is the assumption I had reading the article."
this is normal novidiya nerfing for vega 2 years early ayy I paid for 8GB! Nvidia why?
So it's like singing happy birthday to count down the time for washing your hands? my mom just asked how i got my hair so soft
So bittersweet.. Kaka called up for next brazil friendly. Will miss revs game.
yeah really helps with the size of your e-peen I love these fake internet points! ;)
"OP deleted the story Where did it say military families? Idk, I feel like the navy shooting an endangered species with a .50 Cal would get a headline somewhere. The wildlife reserve would of noticed and others would have had to know on their end."
Only a physical copy? If you buy a physical copy
42 gotta wonder how many tires have been victims to this awful stretch of road
Let's hope we don't get something that wrong in the future. It could have ended like Razia's deal with Marussia and then would we all look like fools.
Guns! How can you describe the country you live in without actually saying the name?
"Some people would, i always hate to see things get removed for no absolute reason, like his post did. And if it were some random other person no one knows no one would give 2 shits."
"Do as many people still play the Mod as there are people who play the SA? Totally, SA feels like it will take the whole development process just to catch up to where the mod left off."
"""Could"" but won't Hillary Clinton Could Face New Email Probe After Explosive Ruling"
How stupid are your parents? My family went on holiday in Australia when we were kids. Its was a hot day and we found a really nice beach a bit off the main road with no one else swimming. My sister and I had great fun splashing around in the waves while our parents sunbathed on the shore. When we were done for the afternoon my Mum and I walked down the beach trying to find some toilets. Instead we found a massive warning sign saying the beach was infested with saltwater crocodiles. We never even saw them but that was probably why the beach was empty.
Law schools All MD/DO schools are low yield with some simply being more low yield than others (aka the ones getting A LOT of apps) what are high yield schools
quite the polarizing tale from OP Some might say that they were just really attracted to each other!! ^sorry^not^sorry
"How are you on the same George, George? I'm in the same George mate."
"Above. Hell, I'm reading the comments below and wondering when we conservatives became so preoccupied with hand wringing."
"""I swear, this whole site is on drugs."" ""I'M SCREAMING"" is possibly the most annoying millennial phrase that I am aware of."
"slightly ironic that Britain is now a lot less attractive to other europeans (who were probably more likely to move there to work like the Polish) and still just as attractive to those from very low income countries (if you are trying to live on a dollar a day, the UK still looks attractive) Yeah we want working immigrants, the voters are people who pay for immigrants benefits, it comes out of taxpayers pockets. I want the immigrants that come here to be working and paying taxes, not leeching off the system and not working."
tacos Doughnuts?
"At Colonel Samuel Smith Park. Where is this?, don't think its a possible angle"
"What annoys me is the only people who'll actually get media coverage saying these things are the ones the Left would never believe, because it's meant for a Right audience.. Carly Fiorina says modern feminism is causing women &amp; men to go to war with each other and drive votes for left-wing politics"
The atmosphere took revenge on several occasions. what happened to all the hype about our space program's rockets blowing holes in our atmosphere and burning up our protective ozone layer?
We should have shared a ride. suspicious package at midtown tracks I uber'ed it from five points
"Hey, what's it like to be dead? Back for round 2 :-) Ask an IS fighter anything. Don't be rude though '-.- I've been gone for quite some time now, but Godwilling I'll be answering questions now that I have some free time on my hands."
Never been arrested. What is something you haven't done that most people would be surprised by?
In this thread... I've been on Reddit for about 6 months and though I have sought the answer to this question on my own I am left unfulfilled. I believe you may be able to answer what is perhaps the only question I have left in life. What the hell does ITT stand for?
"Hello If this gets 101 upvotes, I'll buy everyone a new Nintendo 3ds to go with their new copy of Sun &amp; Moon I saw the thread with the guy giving out copies of sun and moon. But what good is that if you don't have the console to play them on ? I will pick 101 winners later ! knock yourselves out by leaving a comment below after upvoting so I know who to message once the winners are announced."
I Played for several ~~hours~~ minutes before i accidentally pressed w and realized i could move. So I made a game about defending shrek's swamp
They have nothing at all to do with viewership and trashing them will do nothing honestly the devs and activision just need to be publicly trashed constantly. it will happen eventually.
"Rugby is a barbarians game played by gentlemen and Football is a gentleman's game played by barbarians. Being predominantly a rugby fan, this pretty much sums up how I've felt so far watching the World Cup."
The average number of legs in less than 2 What piece of random trivia can you share?
Chemical Plant Zone What stages do you want as smash 4 DLC
What will April 24th be then? Today is a good day.
"There are more FE fans here than there are FE amiibo in existence. How many Fire Emblem fans here? Been playing since Sacred Stones and am trying to collect as much merch as possible. NOA's making that hard. Who here are FE fans and what are your thoughts on amiibo. Personally, with the rarity of our own games, I'm not surprised. Awakening week one was hell, I ultimately downloaded."
"pretty much. So i tried to post this article on r/politics, but Heavy. com is banned. So i found an article about it from Fox news . But the Mods said it was off topic. Seems they don't want this discussed at all."
"Chicago tried it for the same reasons, and it didn't work unfortunately. I've actually been saying this for years. The North and the South are so radically different from one another that they end up being burdens on each other. The only problem is that nobody knows how something like this will be handled, and are scared away by all the risks."
"i completely agree, i effectively have one chest slot to use and thats it, 3 are filled with arena 1 silver chests that just aren't worth opening while im getting arena 2 silvers and golds Agreed. The reward just isn't there for the wait time of a silver chest."
Someone needs to post Pardew's celebration Puncheon scores vs Man United to make it 1-0 to Palace
"yep, that's the box Aladdin on Genesis, my favorite video game based on a Disney property"
Man don't you even say that D: im kinda worried about a nectar/porter conflict.
"I vote with Evernote. AOL, APPLE, Dropbox, Microsoft, Evernote, Facebook, Google, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Yahoo are backing the US Freedom Act legislation intended to loosen the government's grip on data | The act is being voted on this week, and the EFF has also called for its backing."
"In his defense, deck thinning isn't relevant when you have one card being removed, but does start to be relevant once 3-5 cards are I don't put much stock in what Reynad says. He's super inconsistent and is heavily influenced by the chat's behavior. Deck thinning doesn't exist in hearthstone? In ToTGC he praised Mysterious Challenger for doing exactly that -thinning the deck of almost worthless secrets to consistently have amazing turns 6, 7, and 8. He also cried about how his version of secret pally was the best and he got no credit. Typical Reynad. Not a bad guy, but I wouldn't put a ton of stock into his on stream rants provoked by the chat. He does occasionally put together some decent lists though."
"So that's where 2016 got these ideas. TIL of Kremlin advisor Aleksandr Dugin's 1997 book ""Foundations of Geopolitics"", in which he calls for the annexation of Ukraine by Russia, for the UK to be cut off from Europe, and for the promotion of political chaos and isolationist tendencies in the USA"
Zhironovsky...smh Putin ally tells Americans: vote Trump or face nuclear war
"On the downside he sounds like he gargles gravel and cigars every day I've said it before countless times on this sub, Chazz has to be my favorite character in the history of Yu-Gi-Oh. Something about his whole demeanor and the way he progresses as a character just make me really happy."
Meh the Mountain bench pressing 200lb dumbbells was more impressive Two of the greatest examples of human strength you'll ever see.
"It isn't constrained to fiat currencies, people just have no other metric upon which to base bitcoin's value on. I very well understand and agree on what you are saying. As bot my post and your analogy imply: currently for the average user, bitcoin is not really acceptable as a payment method due to it's constraints to fiat currencies. This will most likely change but time needs to pass."
"It really is terrifying. The irony is that everyone else DOES suffer, because the real criminals are wandering around still killing and raping people."
"I'm in NEO/Cleveland. A little outside Columbus, eastern side."
that's what the internet is for I'd find the NT News more amusing if it weren't the only newspaper in the region.
"It's a little kids show that teaches about friendship and sharing and all that sort of stuff. No, I have not watched the show. I was simply commenting on how this poster has not even outlined any morals or ethics. That's a poor way to sell a religion: on ritual and lore alone."
The DPRK has a hard on for big black dudes. Bob Sapp headlining event in North Korea (not kidding)
"Various red heart yarns, I have a huge donation stash; Most of which had no labels Thanks for leaving the pattern? Happen to know what kind of yarns you used? I love the textures of the mane and tail."
"Because they didn't do Episode 7 due to IEM last week, so either there'll be an IEM special or they'll just skip it and focus on the LCS. That flashback at IEM last year gave me the feels... Does anyone know why IEM wasn't in this episode?"
It's an improvement. Google has updates their maps for the Midwest
Someones getting their dick punched! Let the techs begin
I do. Does no one see the photoshop?
uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh In order to have sex I need hair. In order to have hair I can't have sex.
"No Hey Martin, if you happen to see this, give me some money."
I really like the dad's reaction. 12 year old girl arrested for pinching boy's ass
"Yes, clearly it's his fault when women lie to him. Yeah, it kinda is. And that's fine except he refuses to see that the problem is his alone. Like someone making poor boyfriend choices consistently and then whining about every argument."
"I guarantee you that there are RedHat employees who work for NSA in some shape or form ;) RH did/do/will do stuff for NSA and other government agencies, but I guess you know that already. By your logic Red Hat must be the long arm of the NSA right? ;)"
"Decent balance for both rosters.. Wrestling fans of Reddit, since it is now finished, what is your opinion of the WWE Draft?"
whats wrong with d2 Why leaving D2 against Exile ? Really
"The sickest part of all is that it's really just a money grab designed to siphon tax payer dollars to religious fanatics by whilst using children as pawns. Texas Case Mulls if Home-school Kids Have to Learn Something. Parents are accused of not teaching their children, because they were waiting to be ""raptured"""
"Yeah besides those frustrations, I can't imagine he didn't lose some money as soon as RDA pulled out, because the entire event is going to make much less. Uno how upsetting it is to do all the work then have some bum break his own leg to escape the fight. Conor loves his irish fans and now he forced into a fight he doesnt want to do and maybe get a injury from it and even a tiny chance he could lose and throw off his career a bit RDA should be stripped off the belt and conor fight someone in the top 5 for it"
"The US has half the homicide rate of Russia, so the difference isn't as big as you might think. Lower murder rate than Brazil or *fucking Russia?* oh yea, sounds safe and sound."
On your way out help yourself to a beverage from the coke fridge. Maybe he's angling for more repeat business?
Noon question - what is that UI add on looks cool This guy expressess all the new players' feelings on raiding
I always wanted a Micro Machines Super Van City. That's a big bus!
Being Hillary Clinton What's a telltale sign someone is not to be trusted?
That was single - dual would be half of that. Single or dual build?
"We need a motha fuckin TurnOva Game Thread: San Francisco 49ers (3-2) at St. Louis Rams (1-3) Sorry, everybody! I just got home and have failed you all. Discuss the game here. LET'S GO!"
"My guess is they would limit the time frame to only very late at night when most businesses would be closed. Businesses there will suffer. In fact, they'd suffer so much that I'd think they'd be able to sue the city to stop this idiocy."
Can anyone identify the razor? Thai Monk shaving childs head in Thailand
"Every league needs a llama or two! We have a Polite_Lamma, and now an ObamaLlama... what's next..."
Andrew Sendejo Would _____________ start on your team? Fill in the blank or respond to someone else.
"Ask ""How can I make this device?"" Why would Contessa be able to do that?"
That it's a game that is definitely worth playing? What about Bulletstorm?
"The ""berliner zeitung""'s front + back page were entirely covered with cartoons from charlie hebdo today Washington Post publishes Charlie Hebdo cartoon on the front of the Editorial page"
How come the game doesn't have push to talk defaulted? How come people don't set their mic noise gate in the sound settings?
"Do you have a commissioned glassblower or are you just buying these off DHGate and having them blasted? I've been designing waterpipes with 3d printed armor for my startup idea, and I just finished my first model. Tell me what you think!"
"Kappa That's a common twitch copy-pasta, don't read too much into it."
I thought he was Gnostic? Arian Foster is an atheist
LIVE IN PARADISE! Die in hell
"And the French are far from surrender monkeys. It's not what you were, it's what you are now."
Rank or level 62 So who wants to team up with me for Placement matches? Im good at every hero. Rank 62 but only because Ive been playing other stuff in preperation for my binge when competitive comes out. Psn mrblunty
"I still have my TI-89 that my mom bought me for $150 in Y2K. I remember thinking that back in high school, but these things are feature packed as shit! I've come to realize that this thing will probably be in my desk my entire life."
YOU ARE ABOUT TO EMBARK UPON THE GREAT CRUSADE The boat ride. The speech. The person banging his head against his gun. The person being sick. Getting bombed before you even reach the beach. Great game.
"windows 8 will now start faster and crash slowly. Their demo laptop uses both UEFI and an SSD, so most people will have have a longer boot time. Regardless, this is impressive."
"""Testicles.... that is all"" What have you always wanted to say over a grocery store PA system?"
Wow thanks! this one
This looks like a soft drink commercial. Balloon Delivery
"What if you grow your own, he is on r/frugal after all? That is a really expensive habit."
"HE'S NOT YOUR BUDDY, GUY I'm not your guy buddy"
It's not unusual. White Carlton
In Wisconsin we figure he is still looking for his comfortable walking shoes to join us for worker's rights. Things are getting fucked up really fast. Why hasn't Obama gave a statement yet?
Pietersen* Kevin Pieterson says he might play for South Africa if given the chance.
Be quiet my diminutive little companion and let's receive our guests. Mr Roark?
Throw a # before it. SQUIDWARD ^^I ^^dont ^^know ^^how ^^to ^^do ^^the ^^big ^^words
TIL I can make wine in my rectum. People ferment fruits in prison to make wine.
"That's a great idea. If it's very similar, couldn't you just say something like ""Oh man, I've seen that too, it's the look on their face that makes it though isn't it?"" or some other tidbit that shows that you're not trying to one-up them but that you understand the situation."
"alchemist is your friend, not even a slot wasted 4200 gold for colors SeemsGood"
You do a very subtle job for a novelty account. Trump is a great candidate and will do more to gut the system and stop corruption than Sanders would have in his wildest dreams.
"Sounds like it's for both. I think it's more a pun on ""gay for pay"" but you know, whatev."
"This wins, this is the best of all the ""Unplayable"" posts. Unplayable"
"Even the SAS don't carry on the street, the guards outside their camp are Police officers because they're allowed to carry. What about all of the British soldiers carrying guns in Britain?"
You can easily find confirmations if you read Russian or at least can use google translate. *linked from buzzfeed* Yup. Nice and informative.
Pretty much limited to the PS4's menu system and that's pretty useless. you can use your tv remote with an hdmi cable and cec settings.
Might be an interesting story. Are you serious? How have you survived this long with that reaaoning?
Since he became a Yankee he's leading the majors in homers and RBI. Batting a bit over .200. Have fun with that. Oh and look at Corey Black's stats.
"I dunno mate, Anakins description of his hatred toward sand, acting as a relevant future metaphor for hia hatred for sand people is some deep shit. I thoroughly stand by the fact that Episode II was way worse than episode I"
"amir hit a ref He hit a fan with his mouthguard, and the league takes shit involving fans *very* seriously since the Malice at the Palace. I doubt he'll be suspended for a finals game 7 (that would be ludicrous), but if this were a regular season game, he *might've* gotten suspended. Amir Johnson got a game for throwing his a few years back, and I don't think he hit a fan."
"So when Tomb Raider drops 5 Million for their budget, and an indie game has like a 3 Grand budget, how are they supposed to get noticed, except by looking different? Game Informer on how to make an Indie Game."
"""Burn your house down ;)"" Have a deo spraycan and a lighter ready at all times ;)"
"And the fact that christians frequently, sometimes quite eagerly, take lives? Yep. It was pointed out soon after."
"Lol you really think a good bar doesn't let you taste test a beer? That is because of all the little whining millennial douchebagery. Like i said,try that crap in a bar or liquor store and see how far it gets you.""Why should I have to buy that vodka before tasting it?"" ""I might not like it,Poor me."""
Hey HEY! The delay cracks me up every time.
Sonax wheel cleaner or Iron x. Meguiars DUB is an OTC version of those products if you don't want to pay for shipping/wait for it in the mail. Can you help me get rid of these stains??
"Pretty sure it's just 60fps This guys, is Axarious with over 60fps"
who that? RA The Rugged Man and Fine Art
That one isn't too bad because you can easily lie to a proper answer. How many people have you slept with?
"What's a virtual particle? Conservation of Momentum is firmly rooted in Emmy Noether's theorem. This theorem shows not only that conservation of momentum is true under all circumstances, but also why it is true and that it MUST be true. Conservation of Momentum is very well-grounded theory. However EmDrive does not have to violate the conservation of momentum to work. There is no such thing as empty space. Empty space is filled with fields, virtual particles, neutrinos, dark matter, dark energy, and space itself. If you can push off of any of those things, you have a reaction less drive without violating conservation of momentum."
"northbud ""Real life issues should be decided by comment score."" You still have not responded to a single question. You personally attacked someone who holds a different view, but have added nothing to the conversation. I think your comment score reflects the hypocrisy in your statement, my guess is those votes came from both sides of the issue. If you don't have the knowledge necessary to address the issue properly, you shouldn't be involved in the debate."
"I got that color too, looks good with just about everything. Frost Grey"
Is anyone else wondering how he got that camera back? Hurricane Katrina during the storm. Incredible destruction.
"What a bunch of miserable cunts! I can remember at my old job way back when, some of my female coworkers were shit testing me (before I knew what shit testing was) asking me why I'm not married, when will I get married etc. I told them that in the rare event that I did actually find a woman worth marrying, I would only marry her if she agreed to a prenup. Immediately my female coworkers began raising their voice saying ""What do you need a prenup for?!"" I mentioned that the divorce rate is 50% and 80% of those divorces are initiated by women, and we live in a state where the courts almost always side with women, and I've seen several of my friends get divorced, lose their house, lose custody of their kids, lose half of their possessions, and end up paying alimony to their ex-wives who are shacked up with someone else now. They all told me they wished they'd signed a prenup agreement before getting married. My female coworkers' reply was raising their voices even higher, and beginning a series of attacks against men directed at me: ""WELL IF MEN DIDN'T CHEAT SO MUCH, women wouldn't have to divorce them!"" ""IF MEN WEREN'T SO ABUSIVE all the time, women wouldn't leave them! ""If men spent more time with their WIVES, and less time with their friends women wouldn't have to sleep with other men!"" (You get the picture) This went on for the next 2 or 3 minutes until I finally walked away and went back to work. I was disturbed by the fact that they were up in arms and so upset by something hypothetical that had absolutely nothing to do with them, yet they felt it necessary to cram their bitterness for men down my throat. It only reinforced what I had started learning about TRP and made me reaffirm that I was taking the right steps towards MGTOW. Needless to say I was called into the office a few days later by my female boss, who said she was giving me a verbal warning because I had been saying sexist comments to some of my female coworkers. I told my boss that I had done no such thing, and I asked to know who thinks I've been making sexist comments towards them. She refused to tell me who and said that she had 3 witnesses that could verify what I had sad. I knew immediately then that it was the same coworkers asking me about marriage. She told me that sexist comments have no place here at work and that I was to treat all of my coworkers with respect, and if I didn't I would be giving a written warning, which could possibly lead up to termination. The next day I confronted my female coworkers and asked why they went to the boss saying I made sexists comments towards them. They said ""Because you DID!"" I said ""Bullshit! How is me not wanting to get married without a prenup sexist?"" They said that it's sexist if the man gets to keep everything and the woman gets nothing. I said ""The man doesn't keep everything, he just keeps what he came into the marriage with, and the woman gets to keep her stuff too! How is that sexist?"". They said ""If the man has more money, then it's not fair that the woman walks away with nothing and has to find a better job to support herself, and make house payments by herself, while the man gets to keep all the money."" I said ""If the man brought all the money into the marriage to begin with, then why should he have to lose any of it at ALL?"" They replied ""That marriage was about being equal, and women should get half of the stuff because they're half of the marriage, and they do things like cook, clean, raise the children etc."" I knew I was fighting a losing battle and wasn't going to change their minds, so I walked off again. Surprise, surprise I was called into the office the next day by my female boss, who said she was giving me a written warning for making a threat saying ""you better watch your back"" to my female coworkers. I told her again that I did no such thing, and that I take violence and threats very seriously. I told her I refused to sign the written warning, and if people continued to accuse me of things that I didn't do, I would be consulting with a lawyer. She said ""Fine I'll just write down here that you refused to sign the written warning, but you have been informed why you were written up, and if you are written up again in the next 6 months, you will be terminated."" You could imagine how furious I was, but I went back to my seat and didn't say another word. I could see my female coworkers out of the corner of my eye smirking at me and whispering to each other. It was at that point I began to realize why I was the only male worker there, they most certainly had run off any previous males that worked here. I went home and thought about it for a long time, and decided to put my 2-weeks notice in the very next day even though I didn't have another job lined up. Not the smartest move I know, but I thought it would be better to quit than to be fired over something I didn't do, and possibly face criminal charges from false accusations. The next several months were rough, but I'm so glad I left that job. TL;DR A long time ago some female coworkers shit-tested me about prenups, which I failed miserably, and it led to me losing my job. I also learned don't ever be the only male worker at a job, especially if your boss is female."
LittleFingersTeleporter^^TM Brienne must have travelled from the Wall to Riverrun overnight
"Just three things..... 1) Stand firmly in place 2) Point 3) ""Woah...dude!"" What...what would you do?"
I clicked the article because I though it was about an armed squid Armed squad kills 11 people in Venezuela
"Um... Lo siento, no hablamos ingles. Holy shit. Is that PMI?"
You need to quantify 'significant'. Significantly shorten my own lifespan.
"It's not American, but I'll throw Commodore vs Falcon into the ring with the Commodore winning considerably. Subcompact: Sonic v Fiesta - Fiesta Compact: Cruze v Focus - Focus* Mid-Size: Malibu v Fusion - Fusion* Full-Size: Impala v Taurus - Impala Small Crossover: Equinox v Escape - Escape Crossover: Traverse v Explorer - Explorer SUV: Tahoe v Expedition - Tahoe Truck: Silverado v F150 - F150 Muscle Car: Camaro v Mustang - 2016 Camaro *asterisks because Cruze and Malibu both have very nice looking replacements coming soon so it may change"
"Cool story bro Reddit, do you know what's with this rather disturbing dream I just had? Talk about a throwaway account! In my dream, I was bleeding a lot. I looked down and realized that I'm bleeding out of my John Thomas. Like the little hole is ripped or something; I'm not sure. Maybe it was internal damage. That much didn't seem important. More that I was bleeding from my bell-end. One of my thoughts, in the dream was, 'Of fuck I don't have health insurance. I don't even have a car to get myself to a clinic.' Both these things are true in my real life. Worth noting: Just yesterday (i.e. preceding the dream) I was kind of surprised that I'm not having those dreams where you find that you're in a crowd, completely naked. Because I've read that when you feel really exposed in life, that's what you dream. Well, with my lack of health insurance and my very transitional station in life right now, that does fit me. Thanks in advance for any input!"
"Colorizebot RIP Arnold Palmer, 1960s"
Should say DUMBENOUGHTODRIVEITANYWAY License Plate: H8THEDVP
"Sally no! Se6e08 Discussion Thread Se6e08 ""The Crash"". I didn't see a thread for this up, 12 minutes before showtime, so here one is."
"Neil de Grasse Tyson on set of Season 3, Cosmos: An ATM Oddity You Never Go Ass To Mouth"
[INTENSIFYING INTENSIFIES](/intensifies) [FACEBOOK ARMCHAIRGM INTENSIFIES](/intensifies)
Sounds like a time to buy 2! It's official: my wife will hate me.
Still looks like it's ate a jar of mustard I think alola grimer looks better without the yellow stripe going up its face
Definitely a northern water snake :) completely harmless though they do tend to be very aggressive. Had to scare away this guy and several of his hidden friends so I could get out of my Kayak. Anyone know the species?
"Am I the only one that read that in the voice of Mr Herbert from family guy? ""uhmm thanks"""
"Oh, get off your fucking high horse, it was a joke. You are the type of self-interested shitbag that is making the world the horrible place it is. ""I want to go for a walk in the trees, so I'm glad that people have wiped out the natural inhabitants for me."""
FUCK YES! NUMBER 2 PICK UPVOTE PARTYYYYYY
"And that's how you get ""The Runs"" ""Turkeys still bloody frozen fetch the hairdryer!"""
Fucking Esprit and no one says anything I caught my buddy looking at a 911 GT3 RS
"Except the first line to our charter is essentially ""we reserve the right to restrict any of these rights for the public good."" Well to be fair, Canada's a free country too."
"Brotherhood and Unity stronk THE WORD YOU ARE LOOKING FOR IS SOLIDARITY, COMRADE"
"A lot of scientist from around the world made this happen, not just NASA.. This is one of those moments that makes you proud of the human race. ^^Wish ^^they ^^happened ^^more ^^often."
"It was entertaining until I was denied a proper Kaworu ending. Anyone else play Girlfriend of Steel 2nd? I recently played through Girlfriend of Steel 2nd recently (psp version btw) and thought I'd give my two cents. I thought it was pretty good, the story and writing were good and the visuals were on point. My biggest gripe with the game is it's too short, by the time you get to know the characters and take in all the locations it's over. And with another issue I have are the stores in the game. They don't really have a purpose other than scenery, which is fine other that the fact that the entire downtown area is pointless and very big. Other then that it was enjoyable but a little tedious at times. What is y'all's opinion on the game?"
Certainly not faster because it will be a bo3 haha. Actually next two teams can both fully wipe secret faster than LGD
That's possibly the manliest meal I've ever seen. Chefs reveal how to cook steak using LAVA
"The sightings from car traveling seems to be reversed Switching from Active Hunting to Passive Hunting? Since the recent changes have made hunting actively by car less effective, what some more passive ways to hunt? Luring a cluster of pokestops? Waiting in high spawn areas like parking lots? Simply walking in your favorite park catching what comes by? Share what hunting strategies you've had success with that aren't affected by sightings being lockout by high speeds."
"Ridgelines, tarp anchor ropes, docklines, clotheslines, etc... You can use it to start your ridgeline....and tie up your reindeer."
"Brother Joseph would have a raging boner if he read this story. Post-mormon sexuality... Now enjoying long-held but repressed fantasies Long time poster but I made a throwaway account for this one. Do any other women relate to my experience? TLDR: I had BDSM and rape fantasies since I was a young teenager but couldn't enjoy my sexuality because of guilt until after disaffecting from the church. I was born a member of the church and a TBM until 2 years ago when I was 27. My husband, an RM, and I were married in the temple and very active. I quietly stopped believing first but didn't say anything to my husband for about a year. It wasn't historical issues for me at first; it was always feeling ashamed of myself because... wait for it... because I thought I was a deviant for having kinky sexual fantasies. I fantasized about, gasp, being roughly forced into sex. When I was a teen, masturbation always was fueled by rape fantasies where I--the sweet mormon girl--was forced into various sex acts. That way it wasn't my fault. It was this continual cycle of getting really worked up thinking of the fantasies, trying to get them out of my head with a hymn or scripture mastery, then always ending with me disappointing god when I'd masturbate. I would feel-depths-of-sorrow type guilt until about 48 hrs later when horniness would trump my guilt and I'd feverishly do it again. In high school I got slapped on my ass once by a guy friend while playing volleyball and I used that as masturbation fuel for months! I was sincerely convinced I was evil or broken for having such ""unworthy"" thoughts, and of course I couldn't talk to anyone about them. I thought if I was more devout god would take away this black, dark part of me. So to an outsider I was always looked at as a sweet Molly Mormon. I never let on with boyfriends or friends that I liked anything sexual, because then, I thought, they would immediately know I liked to practice ""self abuse."" I never mentioned it to my husband and even went about a year without masturbating after we were married. The night I ""relapsed"" I was home alone and saw a cable TV sex scene where the guy was pretty rough. I had an O in about 10 seconds by pulling my jeans up tighter so the seam was pushing against me because I was thinking it wasn't as bad if I didn't touch it myself. I felt sooooo guilty after and the fantasies were even more frequent. I started researching sex addiction and reading articles to figure out how to stop my not-god-approved fantasies. That backfired because googling about how to stop rape sex fantasies only ended up opening my eyes to the whole genre of BDSM. That was the beginning of the end. I read posts from women that loved rape fantasies, spanking, BDSM, being dominated, being forced and weren't ashamed of it!! They didn't feel dirty, guilty, or broken. It was an exciting part of their sex life. That was my epiphany. The thought entered my mind that maybe all my guilt was imposed by myself because of my religious indoctrination about sex. Fast forward about a year from that point and I spill the beans to my husband and he very nonchalantly tells me he thinks my fantasies are really sexy. That leads to open discussion which then leads to... SEX IS FUCKING AWESOME NOW! Orgasms galore at the hand of my dominant-in-bed husband and my own hand!!! Our open conversations about sex are what allowed us to open up about our problems with the church, but that's a story I've already posted. We hear about men always being shamed for masturbating. Are there other exmormon women who relate to my experience?"
"With at least 10 games left, Colorado has already won more games this season than they did last season. The 6-3 start for the Buffaloes matches the 2011-12 season for the best start in conference play under Tad Boyle. Yup"
"Doctor Hyena John Wall with an unlucky free-throw, hyena reacts to it"
"Well, the sub is called terriblefacebookmemes so it makes sense people would post reaction images in the comments section Something about ancient memes"
I thought you were upset he hadn't evolved to Bortoise yet Oh...
ok thnx Make sure to put your username on your resume.
"the necron battleforce saves you about $40 or so Thank you. I know they have a battleforce, but I wasn't for sure if it was worth it or not."
Nothing says Alt Rock like trumpets and stand-up bass Just bought concert tickets and I'm feeling very weird about the genre descriptions of these bands...
"It only deletes your character if they are temporary, if the cloud servers were up then the character data was saved and you should get it back in a few hours I played a good portion of today (PS3), tried to jump into a mission from my phone, and it deleted my character (lvl 10, $20k). So that was frustrating. I'm making a new character now, but who knows if I'll be able to get back on."
"Back to spending Legendary Marks whenever I run low I guess? Greens no longer give planetary mats Even with the ghost that gives you mats on engrams, greens no longer give mats of you are 40."
"Nah, it's not a problem. I can switch it back to the blue theme at any time. It's just I've also yet to hear from Mermaid and Blackbeard. I also put up a request for further help on the CSS help sub, but if it's problematic in any way, as I said I can change it back."
"And trump is American for xenophobic, greedy bigot who grabs pussies. And trump is British for fart. I never knew we had so much in common."
"If they make it mandatory for a weekly 1H IT class based on it, for a year or two, it won't \*shrugs\* 500k straight to ebay"
his reference was obviously to Half-Life 3 but you had to ruin it.. That is why we can't have nice things Phil. cs:go weapon case 3.
"Actually, thats only if you SOS chain or breed for one (with good parents of course) as SOS chaining increase the odds of high IVs/hidden abilities/egg moves as well as the shiny encounter rate. Im not sure about older gens, but in Sun and Moon they have a higher chance of having perfect IVs, which is why I finally went through the trouble of finding one!"
"The taste to die for. My prefecture, Akita, is known for its rice crops branded as Komachi Rice."
"I think it's a pretty hit or miss show, some of the episodes are very 'meh' but the ones that are good crack me up. i found it pretty meh. didn't attempt anymore after the 3rd ep."
They keep catching McCown's. Remember how you receivers dropped so many of Manziels TDs
"Yeah, by writing that the article is trying to compare him to Mussolini. Didn't Mussolini also make the trains run on time?"
"I'd take cp3 and AD because davis beat donkey kong and pacman ect in under a minute while there is a whole movie based on beating them he's obviously superhuman. Would you rather get Anthony Davis and Chris Paul on your team, or have the #1 overall pick for the next 5 years? AD and CP or #1 for 5 years"
"Looks like the GOP is serving their masters well in NC. 'Ag-Gag' Bill Passes NC Senate, Heads To The Governor: ""The North Carolina Senate passed a bill Monday night which allows business owners to sue employees who secretly record audio or video in the workplace."""
Hahahaha I have to show this to the guys Middle guy went from looking like slim jesus to looking like lumber jesus real quick
Haha can't even make your own comeback try harder bro 'I don't care about this post!!! To show how much I don't care about it I'm going to whine pathetically all over the comments like a confused child' -you
"With President Lindberg, Korben Dallas, Leeloo, Rhuby Rhod, Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg and Father Vito Cornelius? A world government?"
PA message that they are experiencing technical difficulties......what a nice blanket term. Something is ducky with the Canada line. Been at Bridgeport for ten minutes now. Power is out at station and no train has arrived in that time.
Shhhh. Nevada is fortunate to only be down 10.
"Even though I just found this artist's work, I can surely say that if all their work is like this and their Sona one... then here's my new favorite artist for sure. Ahri (Helther)"
cmon dupreeh let Tyloo win pls dupreeh ace
"Hahahahahahahahahahahaha It wasn't painful nor was there any bleeding. I felt my hymen break, but it kind of just felt like a bit of pressure and then giving way... like when you poke your finger through saran wrap or snap your gum or pop bubble wrap or pop a pimple. Except, you know... in my vagina."
"I didn't know this - Thanks for explaining The vast majority of Stanley Cup hoisters are bearded white guys, due to the fact that virtually every NHL player grows a playoff beard."
0/10 Adoption.
"In some places in the US, the example of Best Buy's does happen. Thanks, couldn't agree more. Imagine in the US saying 'I'm going to Best Buys'. Another weird thing they do here is to say 'I'm going to have a McDonald's'. Like, are you going to eat the whole place? Hats off to you for ambition."
"Sorry Time to build a wall between Canada and the US. Canada isn't sending their best. They're sending Beibers, Dions and toothless lumberjacks on skates. And I assume some good actors."
"After the sale ends and they decide which weapon to give us based on the questionnaire they're running When do we actually GET the weapon? With 2.4? Cause I bought a Buc, but don;t see a weapon (also no in 2.4 yet, so maybe that's it)"
wut? Zaff go home you're drunk
"What exactly do you think your damages are? Someone made my roommate break the law, can i sue the person/company who did? So i was out of the house, and two Direct Energy employees showed up. My roommate was the only one home and answered the door for them. He was reluctant to go along with them but succumbed to their high pressure sales tactics. The issue is the account with my electric company is in my name, they told him to do it anyway, but misrepresent himself as me, saying it was fine. The transaction was cancelled later, to the best of my knowledge. I contacted the rep who signed him up, heard his story and asked to talk with his boss. His boss never called. The rep claimed that he was trying to teach the other rep how to convince people and how to make it to the phone call. He also said that the sign up would not have gone through anyway because we owe the electric company money. My roommate didn't know anything about that process and was pushed along by the reps, anything that can be done, I've had similar issues with this company in the past."
"Come ON. For anyone else thats considering it, you dont need two people working, its easy to be in that financial position if you dont drive a shiny new car, have several smartphones, eat out a couple times a week, a mortgage/rent thats too much, and many other things that can cut down your expenses and make a family live off a single income."
"If ahq get's 2nd seed I wanna see Ziv vs Smeb/darshan Congrats to the 6th team that will go to S6 WORLDS With their 3-0 win today over J Team, the Flash Wolves have secured their spot as a #1 seed at worlds."
"I dont think they were bullshit, but ok. You get a guy who is paid mad money to perform and he takes the blame. Big fuckin whoop. Is he going to double his output next week? Fuck those bullshit apologies."
"Doc and IQ. What where the final 2 original operators you brought? One attacker and one defender, Mine are twitch and bandit"
Give a fuck about what people think of me. What's something you realized you couldn't do anymore as you got older?
I dare him to wear that in Baltimore. Saw this classy gentleman at the bar last night.
I was joking m means male
"What I really like about Vanessa and Johnny Mac's friendship is that they really didn't start to connect until later in the game--during the early part of the season, it was almost weird to think they even lived in the same house. Late Night Live Feed Viewing Party - September 13, 2015 Welcome to the Late Night! Discuss tonight's live feeds below. Try to include #time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
You wouldn't download a car. what if I pirated Reddit Gold?
Seems legit Maybe he couldn't find anyone he could pawn it through. Hmm a homeless guy wants to sell me his 4000 dollar wedding ring.
"Also, the chances of a neighbor witnessing someone breaking in is much less on the top floor. In both buildings I've lived/worked in, the security guys are quick to point out to everyone that the majority of the thefts experienced at each residence were on the uppermost floors. In our case, it was the 5th floor, because people become more lax about security and left doors unlocked when they are visiting neighbors or running out for things. The footage revealed that the thieves went straight up to the top floors, not even bothering with lower floors, perhaps because of a perceived difference in security ."
wish your title didn't spoil it FUS ROH DICKS (SFW)
"Or he could just be the best player on the team in World Series and we could possibly win the Series. Unless he hits 3 more HR's (in one game) in the WS, he won't see another MVP."
What's your problem with Wolfsburg? I hope Wolfsburg goes down
"Most SSR are just an LED on the control side. If going solid state relay, you also need to see how much current it takes to drive the relay. The Arduino can only drive 40mA on it's output pins. You may need a small transistor to drive it. If using a regular relay, you'll definitely need a transistor to drive the relay, and some protection against the inductive kickback the relay has. A quick google search should find a circuit you need."
tagged for future laughs when he either gets kicked / doesn't pass toxicity check. I really want Amin to take this seriously and prove everyone that he is one of the most skilled junglers in Europe. Seriously that guy could be so fucking good.
Who wants to start a bet on whether or not the city will refund the tickets or not? Gotta love how the democrats are finding new tax revenues!
"I won't decide how to think until Scott Adams tells me, lol, but seriously Adams probably has some great insight. Trump officially announces: it's Pence"
I'd lose my shit if they showed the phase 4 logo with the F4 four at some press conference. Somebody post the 4 circle text symbol so we can put it next to the word Phase!
"That's pretty cool, staying classy with the bow tie. Ollie, the Owl. My first stuffed animal ever. He's classy"
That grass/rock would make an interesting combo Drew some fake starters
"Ero piccolo ed avevo preso coscienza per la prima volta della mia voce interiore pensavo di essere l'unico che aveva questa voce interiore, la delusione che ho avuto quando a scuola ci hanno insegnato a leggere non a voce alta era immensa. Quali cose assurde o divertenti credevate da piccoli?"
"""Hey, let's not get medical attention and take her to the ambulance and instead spend 6 minutes carrying her around the field."" College Senior hits her first ever home run but tears her ACL rounding 1st. Rules don't allow her teammates to help her around the bases w/out being called out, so the opposing team does."
"Funimation yes, but not so much Toei Animation. its funny because they essentially have funimation's blessing in making it. They have used the DBZA voice actors in games like Dragonball xenoverse."
"Hint: HAMilton. It's stupid that they've been banned think, but hard as a motherfucker? Wtf hamilton, you're not some gangster..."
The Sultan of Swat? The Sultan of Swat?
"""It's triplets"". Yesterday found out I am for real going to be a father so my gf well have to do better than this"
Nothing like cycling to make give you that rock hard body that drives the ladies wild. I bet you're a pussy-magnet. Be honest.
This neighborhood spychecks! Why is spy on the neighborhood watch sign?
"The jump from the yellow ones to the next level is huge which is annoying. I have them and I like em, but I only ever use the green ones, sometimes the yellow ones. I play guitar and when my wrist acts up (like once every 2 months, when I don't sleep enough and do lots of handbalancing), a couple of days with those bands relieve it quite quickly. The white ones are a breeze, the green ones are fairly easy, too. However, starting from the yellow ones, it gets a lot harder to completely open your hands with good form. I've literally never used the heavier ones because they're simply too stiff to get any appreciable ROM. I'm sure if you go to an office supply store you could get bands of the right size, and just add more bands to progress. I don't regret buying them, cause they do work, but I probably wont get em again."
"I like Fox's coverage better because they have the NFC package, and most of my games are therefore on Fox. NFL fans deserve better than Phil Simms at the Super Bowl"
A bot that scans for common words and phrases. How would they set up a bot to snatch the name if they don't even know what the name is?
"so based on this it seems the best case scenario is to get blessed hand first, on an artisan, and then once they get to level 30 re-roll the skill? I can confirm that abilities such as Blessed Hand are NOT applied retroactively. I have a Skilled Giant who started with Blessed Hand as his lv0 skill, so once he hit 30 I rerolled it, for science. He still has the extra 6 luck from it, but was able to gain a new skill in that slot. I assume (but have not confirmed) that this is true in reverse - gaining the skill at lv30 would be pointless. TL;DR: Rolling Blessed Hand at lv0 is probably the best possible thing for any worker."
"BADA BOOM, REALEST GUY ON THE PITCH. He can read the game well and has incredible positioning. He doesn't need fancy skills or insane speed, he's just always where he should be. AND YOU CAN'T. TEACH. THAT."
"And here I always assumed it was about committing suicide. ""Happiness is a Warm Gun"" Is either about sex or about heroin addiction. It could honestly go either way."
That fucking thumbnail though. Greg's response to Dan Ryckert
"i just tried to wipe your flair off my monitor for like 5 seconds before realizing. I related very strongly to that show. Especially the episode where he discovers exactly how much he is like his mother, and he just had that thought of like ""Why are we always fighting? We're so much alike."""
The refs handed them the game on a silver plater BOS vs WSH post GDT We may have lost but what a fuckin game. Never thought we would have come back from a 3-0 deficit.
There are so many tsunamis in Switzerland right? fukushima....
"Think you mean no face. ""Watch my O face"""
"He's being downvoted because he's being an asshat about everything. I'm sorry you're getting downvoted so much. RandomePerson stated it as if they are charging $10 per kid, while, like you (correctly) said, it's $5 per kid. And then the person after you misinterpreted your comment and instead just added unnecessary info."
"That's because most of the life in Reddit downvotes things. ...wait, so Xerneas, the Pokemon representing life becomes the Downvote button and Yveltal becomes the Upvote button?"
"final 8: tozawa, tajiri, ZSJ, Dar, Kendrick, Ibushi, Gargano, Swann final 4: tozawa, ZSJ, Ibushi, Swann wish it wasn't pretaped so early, because it would be fun to do as a ncaa bracket. I adjusted the CWC Bracket sheet so you can write on the fields, in case anyone wants to print it out."
"I always assumed that the tendrils of the rust monster contained a protein catalyst that just fucked up metal. A quarterstaff is a decent backup weapon when fighting a rust monster. Also a club, but not a club with nails. That just turns into a normal club. When thinking about how a rust monster oxidizes metals. I would imagine that a flame would burn much better near it. So.... cast grease under it and light that mother fucker up!"
"It is funny that people who worry about misuse now , never voiced concerns when creamy layer abused caste based reservation. So reservation for Upper Castes with Lower Income (EBCs) is a reality in three BJP states now. What are your views? So the game has begun and Gujarat, Rajastan and Haryana are the field tests. We all know how the so called non-creamy layer or economically backward obc reservation system is abused. With no proper measure of one's income it's a free for all. Of course all upper class people will defend it in the name of poor people but will abuse it over time as done by other reservation classes and we'll be back where we've started. Next in line is AP I think. In my view the whole point of reservations is lost now. What are your views?"
"yea I just wish I didn't waste so much time, money and suffering for nothing. not everyone should be at university. i hope you find a more suitable / enjoyable path in life."
Ok so this is a big move for secret and probably a good one but I cant look past this anymore.... that picture of the team secret director creeps me out. Universe leaves Team Secret
You should post this to meirl for that sweet meaningless karma. Classic
Probably Ogier Anyone know who the driver is?
"Also... am I wrong... but doesnt ""Boston Strong"" come from an inspiration of the ""Live Strong"" charity.. which of course is named for Lance Armstrong... who was found to be a cheating cheater who cheated? I'd be happy never to hear the phrase ""Boston strong"" again. It was embarrassing to see a tragic event and a admirable response by those affected, boiled down to a townie pride chant to be shouted at opposing sports teams."
"I, for one, was rolling pin laughter. Dishes not *that* great of a joke."
Puppers! Dogs are a bit of a toss up. I'm Muslim and I love dogs and I'd like to have one but some others may have varying opinions.
"Very smart. BFL shipped a Jalepeno to Wired Magazine, evidently"
Senpai pls Pls respond
Fixed. Link doesn't work.
"Huh, I kind of see it like someone decided to name ""stealing"" ""blacktaking"" and then vehemently denying that they're trying to make it a race thing, after all, whites do it too, it's just that blacks are more known for it. The word mansplaining often gets a bad rep because it's reeks of arrogance and sexism. Although I'm not going to disagree, I actually think it's a very clever term. ""mansplaining"" springs forth a Kafka trap to any man who wants to argue against it. As, how dare a man attempt to explain what mansplaining is, or how it is offensive etc. To those who experience it? It's more wood on the fire. Social justice, for all the stupidity that it births, is actually very good at this. The motte-and-bailey fallacy is their favourite, and Blacklivesmatter has to be my favourite usage. You can't argue against the horrible race baiting, supremacism and entitlement that is inherently part of the movement without having to embarrassingly stumble over the sentence ""I'm against Blacklivesmatter"" - which just instantly makes you sound like a dick."
"Thanks for the reply and good luck with everything :) I admire what you do, in a non-wish-I-were-you way. There's definitely an effect. In my case, at least, it's caused me to question just about every decision I make in life, wondering if I'll regret it later. This is normal if you're an over thinker anyways, but imagine that multiplied by ten. I also worry if I'm spending enough time with my parents, with my friends. I'm not afraid of dying anymore-- instead, I'm afraid of how my family would cope if I died. Catch 22. Basically, the job can cause mini-existential crisis. But I'm probably stating it a little more dramatic than it is. Further, there were some issues when I first started doing arrangement conferences, on two fronts: -I have a naturally sarcastic voice, even if my meaning isn't such -I'm very casual with people, and that's how I show kindness/respect. Not by talking down to them. My manager would get pissed by how I spoke to families, but the families never had issue with it. I was myself, and I made the families happy. You do need to be empathic with the families, for sure, but many times they want someone who's a solid foundation to guide them. So, while empathizing, I'd provide advice as to what package may be best suited for their financial situation and emotional needs; even going as far as recommending other funeral homes to them that had lower pricing, which I'm definitely -not- supposed to do. It's all about honesty. If you can resist being pulled into the car salesman mindset many funeral homes are falling into lately, you can really help. And the families know when you have helped, and are always sure to thank you."
"You can call me on my Selfoam I could use a dollar, I could use a couple bucks"
I hope that moustache becomes available. Cunning Stunts Wallpaper (1920x1080)
"Three tits, nice. ...I'll take three"
"Copy-pasta this one more time and I'm gonna murder your goldfish. ""Oh noez! Disney - who picks up IPs and turns them around into mass-marketed successes - is going to damage my beloved Star Wars franchise more than the abysmally fucked state that it's already in!!!"" **Lucas Again: Re-becoming the Greatness Star Wars Never Wasn't**"
"Solent Grey? More than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China every day, report says"
Who would have thought that... Gary Neville set to leave Valencia at the end of the season
all this wood has one job as well Handicapped parking space in Austria
"Ivory products from before the ban are also legal, provided you have some sort of proof that they're that old. Ivory can be more than just elephant, most common is warthog. There is also hippo, woolly mammoth which I mean is elephant just not illegal and walrus and a few more."
"Let's go for full coverage! shared, 5018"
"After that first Q, yi goes away... That's cause nobody in Bronze builds bruiser"
"Wasn't even worth the ""hate fuck"" for me. I'm full black and I would have been okay with this type of racism :3"
*fatter She looks like a black and thicker Sasha Grey.
When the number is behind the percent symbol I can't get signals R.I.P my dear operatur
"No, it's because you learn young not to use your own supply. thats not surprising. do you think its because you got attached to your cows?"
A cute lil dulter. What is a kiddo?
"I mean we use them for 480VAC internally on equipment, but I am getting what you mean now. I changed it to specifically refer to PP15, PP25, and PP45, and to not restrict the voltage when used to make internal connections within a device. Is there a common enough use case to drop the restriction completely? The new wording allows for use as an RCbattery connector which is the biggest non-12v use I can think of at the moment. The ham radio emergency communication groups seem to suggest that members avoid higher voltages on those connectors."
Ya for real that is not exciting at all Right now I have a chisel and hammer + house tabs Nothing exciting
Exhibit A: Donald J. Trump selfish narcissists never learn lessons
"Which is why the dots would be in a pattern that was obviously artificial. You assume the alien civilizations could ""read"" our message. We look out at stars and see ""dots"" blocking out their light quite often. We assume they are planets."
to* It's shows that even the most ignorant Americans cannot even come close too holding a candle go Rob Snider. How Fucking sad is that? Do you see the criminal reality we live under?
That's great and I'm happy for you all but what about Drew Bledsoe? Tom Brady's Place Among NFL Quarterback Greats
"Not necessarily manufacturing their *own* but by hiring someone with these qualifications they would essentially have a LCD expert on the team which means that when they talk to LCD manufacturers in Asia they can clearly state their requirements, and more importantly the factory can't bullshit them :p Oculus plan on manufacturing their own LCDs?"
"Neither can Imgur... Unless you are an idiot and pronounce it ""im-jer"". Flickr really can't be pronounced any other way..."
"Didn't the central american, and south american people have goldsmithing? The Mormon Church. Holy shit, there's a couple million people still saying they believe American Indians are descended from Israelites and that horses, cattle, barley and metallurgy existed in the pre-Colombian Americas. Joseph Smith, I gotta hand it to ya: You set the longest con ever into motion, and it's still rolling."
Does it involve a double flash at the nuke site? 'Suspicious activity' at N. Korea nuke site
"Yeah, fuck you SA for giving us Bernardi He's on the top of the ticket. If you have a problem with that go talk to SA about Bernardi."
"If that's what I sang in the shower, I'm pretty sure my SO and the neighbors would think I was skinning a cat live. A few years ago I hurt my voice (or however you call it) and my wife was concerned that I was sick. She was going to send me to the doctor and I finally had to tell her the truth in order to get her to not send me. The truth was I had been belting this out in the shower to jubilantly the past few days and had a hoarse voice because of it."
"I think Delphox is the best designed fire-type since Charizard. Because the fire types were always the coolest and best designed, and then they completely botched Emboar's and Delphox's design."
"Betting is a thing. Lol people willing to find ""easy cash"" by playing on such raffles etc. You can't blame people who make such websites where you 99% lose all of your stuff. Players should be smart and do not use this kind of ""playgrounds"". It's like when you enter a site and there is an advert "" you won 1000000$"" and you are like-wow that's cool I am so lucky,and then you got scammed. Be smart people jeez...."
Zulruh/wyverns are faster magic logs/hr literally anything else is faster wc exp/hr Thanks guys I guess back to Magic logs for now!
"Aaaaand now we're on a list. In political philosophy, the right of revolution is the right or duty, previously stated throughout history, of the people of a nation to overthrow a government that acts against their common interests."
Demolition Ranch Is there a YouTube channel that you will never get bored of?
"Has anyone ever really been so far, even as decided to use, go want to do to look more like? hey teens I just got my wisdom teeth out talk to me or hit me up with questions while im still on drugs im lonely and typing is hard don't leave me alone :("
"While I agree, Romney has always been known as a turnaround man, we don't need another long term bureaucrat heading the VA, just someone to get in and fix the clusterfuck of an organization and then turn it over. It seems unlikely to me too, but that's not a reflection on Tulsi at all. But I don't see how Romey would be ""Trumping the establishment"" or ""draining the swamp,"" though."
"I feel like the conversation of the art world gets stale and lingers especially in the public sphere This sub loves posting Hirst stories, especially when they're from the pre-economic collapse, and then getting in a tizzy over them. Hirst may not be done for good, but he certainly hasn't been relevant since 2008."
You could get both in Flying Dog's Pearl Necklace Oyster Stout Happiness is oysters and stout
"I drive a similar truck for work, International 4900DT, this gif scares me. Driver = Dead"
"Two - normal and ultra hidden How many skins do you regularly use? I switch between 5 mixed skins I put together all the time, depending on my mood, but it seems like a lot of people pick one skin and stick with it."
"Putin wants to crash our economy and put us through what the USSR went through. Moscow had contacts with Trump team during campaign, Russian diplomat says"
How did your school's recruiting end up after national signing day? Free Talk Friday
"Hopes, deleted... Damn she looks just like a fine lady I know, from the Central Texas area. audrey grabarkiewicz"
"+fedoratip 1 fedora Two Chinese guys were arguing in mandarin, I'm not entirely sure about what, but I think it was a MacBook vs. PC fight. The PC guy kept screaming ""iPhone box! iPhone box!"" That was the only thing in English."
"So the Dragonborn is like a weeaboo who only knows 30 Japanese words they learned from anime, but has to tell everyone? What they actually mean is that when a dragon speaks a word, they're sort of ""infusing"" their will into it, to the point where it has an actual physical (or magical) manifestation. Dragons have ""normal"" conversations, but with the extra layer of imposing will - the dragon with the stronger will is the one who wins the argument because his words literally have more power. But the Dragonborn is an otherwise-normal adventurer who just needs to be able to roast bandits or slow time, so he just shouts verbs and adjectives to use the effect of their manifestations."
"first the take our audio spam they remove the animation spamming when we become complacent Garen has lost his spam Yet another sad day, the ctrl + 2 spam has been removed. Just did an ARAM where I got Garen and tried the spam, didn't work, no fun allowed :("
no Is this how it's done
"assuming Friday reference... damn good bro ""In 2004, Di Modica announced that the bull sculpture was for sale, on condition the buyer does not move it from its present location"" Its more like it's both of ours, we'll just keep it at my house."
"Why does the story say he will be gone 1 week, while the OP's title says 3 weeks? Snyder agrees to drink Flint water for 30 days, then leaves the country for three weeks."
Perfect example: Pewdiepie He is just putting on a show for his target audience which happens to be younger people who actually find him funny/entertaining. That's just what YouTubers do.
No problem! Thank you for explaining.
"Do you think you are making sense? Reduced spending? If I gain 100lbs and then lose 50lbs, am I skinnier than before I gained the 100lbs?"
"There's an ""e"" Harmony joke in there somewhere... ""Lov"""
"Sounds like an expansion to me, for 32 bucks, I'd gladly pay to support the game I love to play And I heard it only costs 3,200 pearls for the new Stable FPS Pack."
"[Naruto manga spoilers](#s ""Madara did it first."") *Full Suarez. FTFY"
"Who is in a jail cell? The US Department of Justice issued a report saying that the New Orleans police department is racist, that it systemically violates civil rights and routinely covers up OFFICER SHOOTINGS OF CIVILIANS!"
"Consumers choose what is easy, not what is best. Yeah I guess I'm not understanding the argument. I mean, we could Bing or yahoo or what ever. Let the consumers decide what search engine they want. We didn't need the government to break up imgur for us."
Don't tell me that the head mod of /V/ has struck again? inb4 it was the hacker known as FourChan
Looks like a doxxing attempt. Interest in a Boston Model US Gov Meetup
"Well if you don't like this, just leaves. If you're trying to turn this into one of those stupid pun threads, you're barking up the wrong tree."
"If the poster wanted it removed for privacy reasons, do you really think it's appropriate to make a new post linking to the post they removed? Thank you for your response."
"Just an FYI it's not a clay pot it's a fabric style, similar to a smart pot I found at my local grow store. Get her out of the clay pot, and into a 3, 5, or 7 gallon smart pot. The slight yellowing could be a sign of a nutrient deficiency - are you feeding her? Are you checking the PH?"
"Or if you're like my wife, while riding pillion on a bike, just tap the rider directly on the top of their helmet for both warning and funsies. When I try to warn someone about a cop."
"My flirting strategy involves looking nice (decent haircut, clean/fashionable clothes, and strong personal hygiene) and not being a sociopath. Guys of Reddit, what is your ""flirting strategy""? For a lack of a better phrase for it. When you are in a public area and there is a woman or girl you want to sleep with or start a relationship with, what do you do? Like step by step what do you do to ""get with a woman""? And if you are LGBT how do you ""approach"" someone or make a move on them. I'm a 16 year old straight male and i am heavily lacking in experience. Please help. I only have one tactic and it goes as follows: approach girl, make her laugh, find something in common ,then compliment. And thats where it stops. I don't know what to do from there."
thats what happens when you give a free for all to a sub reddit with close to 100k people lol 15 minutes and they're all claimed. rip
"Nah, OP just saw a fellow homosexual, and almost fainted. Did you have a small stroke while typing your Title, OP?"
"""Entitled Gamer Posts Tirade on Reddit"" would have been a better-worded shitpost, but don't fret, we're not all cut out to be quality shitposters. Gamer Posts Entitled Tirade on Reddit, details at 11."
What type of bars does your buddy usually go for? Low key bachelor party My buddy is getting married (he's 35) for the first time. We would like for him to have a good night out. No strip clubs or night clubs. Are there any other good places too go to have a good time and enjoy food and drinks.
"He triggered CNN so hard with this statement I love it At Trump Rally, ""If Hillary was a man she wouldn't even get 5% of the vote!"" 1. **THE ABSOLUTE MADMAN** 2. Discuss"
hasn't been for me since like...the day of launch Is Proudmoore ever full? I don't want to wait in a queue whenever a new patch comes out.
"i agree g3 has attacked me 11 times after the sigil fix and i haven't gotten a single fucking brakk part from them, it's ridiculous Boss sigil drops shouldn't replace resource drops. Sigil drops should have a chance to drop ALONG with a random mod and resource."
"Yeah, the potatoes have grown sprouts. Did you photograph these with a fucking toaster? Jesus. Also now I have a sore neck."
"Typically, it's best to pay off any loans above 4% interest instead of investing the money. Today: Invest or pay off personal debt? Little background, I'm 25 single, rent an apt. work at a CPA firm, and make average money for LA standards. I have XX,000 (&lt;$20,000) cash sitting idle in an investment account, I also have about 10K in student loan debt. I'm on a repayment plan that just pays like 350-400 a month to the debt. Initially I was going to wait til the market looked a little more friendly to enter, and go ham on some ETFS/mutual funds. But the way its been looking has just been an up and up. I kind of like having student loan, as it helps on taxes. Anyways, I'm curious to see what ya'll have to say."
Dexter What's your favorite NETFLIX show/movie?
"I was able to charge my iPhone and my MacBook on the same outlet. lol, don't know if you're serious but you should be able to draw the conclusion yourself. The airplanes didn't have electricity on the outlet."
"Agreed, let's go back to hating the poor. Does anyone else feel silly 'hating' the wealthy?"
"(Typically, the stronger the encryption, the worse it gets too.) There's lots of guides out there, but before you look into this, you know it will likely SEVERELY slow down your internet speed, right? Most of the consumer grade routers don't handle the encryption fast enough, so it ends up slowing down your speed. In my case, I was going from 100 Megs down to ~15."
Hybrid's actually playing ok Emperor and Hybrid are by far the worst atm.
"You must love shining your last place trophies. I know this is funny and all, but I've said for years that if you want to increase their efficacy of public school you have to first eliminate homework. You give kids work to do outside of school and the privileged kids get help from privileged and well educated parents, and the under privileged kids don't get help from anyone and likely have to help keep the family going. Homework is eating away at the core of the idea behind public education, equal education for all."
Put it in the same shoebox they keep jizzing in after every Teblowjob What is ESPN going to do with all this cum
It's a better PV than the real one. Mighty Please No 9
"Is that a bad thing, or a good thing? I knew it would be you as soon as I read the first line"
"Add a course bulletin board with ""420 blaze it"" written on it with Sharpy, then paint some pot leaf and brewery stickers on the basket. Improved a cheap Goodwill landscape. What else should I add?"
Bape What should i wear for school?
Om in de geest van het filmpje te blijven: dan moet je willekeurige voorbijgangers gaan vragen of ze even afstand willen nemen van dergelijke uitspraken. Als mensen het hebben over politiek correctheid bedoelen ze 99% van de tijd dat ze worden aangesproken op hun racisme.
I would find it amazingly entertaining if this somehow slipped into the Faux News feed during prime time. The Brutal Truth About Consent...
"His name is Kunta Kinte! Stop lying, Toby."
This is why you always save in between fights. The fates are cruel! This just happened to me at the end of a 2hr Macca grind leading up to the final fight in the 7th day!
Putin just needs to donate to the Clinton Foundation Hillary is a reactionary Hawk. Putin doesn't respect her. Dangerous! Don and Vlad can talk or out. She was just lead us to cold war 2.0
L'ha scritto per Rocco mi pare Scritto da Cicciolina?
"It'll be a wait, but it'll come. It's a shame we have to wait so long for that."
"Nice! I've always been a good Santa on these. And I really hope I get a good match. My first Reddit Gifts was the Arbitrary day last year. I got Movie Theater posters of Godzilla, X-men, and two others. These are the ones that are only sent to theaters, so they're made of plastic and can be back-lit."
Ok Modern Warfare
"I could never understand anyone who hears ""thirsty"" and their first thought is ""soda"". Guess he never drank his sodas..."
jealousy Why do League players seem to think Overwatch has failed? Been seeing this a lot on the LOL boards and I don't get it. It was #1 this week in pc bangs and built a huge following in little time. It seems like a massive success to me. What am I missing?
Diane's ex-boyfriend Wayne would be so disappointed. I believe they actually just took it straight from buzzfeed.
"Carbines or the Cyclers*(I've said too much)* Unless you are a harasser user, there really is no point in playing TR.. (and they are going to take that niche away from TR soon also..)"
We'll die without have wasted our time worshipping a self-proclaimed savior with absolutely nothing to back up his claims. what's going to happen to those of us who don't accept Jesus?
Or the DNC didnt understand the message from the people... Is that true? Sanders supporters voted for trump in large numbers? I guess they didn't really understand sanders' message then?
"Greg Oden is by his phone saying ""it's happening!"" Derrick Rose is in full-on recruiting mode for Eric Gordon"
"I just paid to watch Mayweather run laps... Reddit, what was the weirdest thing that you have been paid for? At your job or not."
xD New Sniper for me! xD Shotgun with 4x scope
wheres the ring of life? l0rd of the rings
One guy always ruins it for everybody else. Texas got rid of the last meal program after a guy on death row ordered a ridiculous amount of food and then didn't even touch it.
A normal reaction to reading the crap posted in that subreddit. I just threw up a little bit
"1) War on terror 2) War on drugs 3) War on poverty All pathetic failures What is the most irrational American policy? My vote: pursuing ""blood-spilling and liberty-destroying policies in the name of terrorism when nothing sustains and exacerbates the threat of terrorism more than those very policies""."
"What triangle? What reference can you make that is so obscure that Googling it wont help, but true fans will understand it completely?"
"Bbbbbbutttt, foxtel. It's such a shame that we killed the NBN in favour of a network that cannot handle the demands now, never mind in 2019."
"and so, that they can justify the billion dollars it cost to get that 3rd bathroom in every school for delusional people who claim to be trans These kids are learning to COUNT and READ, and they're expected to understand 'gender expression'? They aren't expected to understand. The whole point of this is to confuse impressionable, innocent minds and further balkanize this country."
The ass comments are somewhat creepy considering lots of people were asking for female characters. First look at the new hero (Playstation Conference)
"I'm pretty laid back i don't know What do you consider your best ""selling feature"" as a potential platonic friend?"
"one level too deep for me :P seriously, though, yes, obviously. What about d^2 y/dx^2 ?"
2015 has been really stabby Teen stabbed in fight outside of the Tenleytown Metro station
Too close to the actual ending where Danys Dothraki friendship force arrives to save the day from the White Walkers. Worst ending: Magical horses appear and save Westoros from the White Walkers with the power of friendship.
How about that? How bout the fact he is a self proclaimed socialist?
"""Ex"" I delivered pizza to a cute chic once whom I had to call to meet outside the apartment complex. She kept my number, we texted for a bit and then ended up hanging out later in the week. Of course we banged, and we ended up dating for six months. Then her ex boyfriend Facebook messaged me that she was still banging him and she admitted to it. Guess some people really love extra suasage."
If we got a good president What would be the ultimate plot twist of the 2016 presidential elections?
Yes. To make him clear compared to the background. Duh
"*facepalm* Blaming the government's %^($ing with the economy and individual rights, then prescribing that same action as the solution to the problem it created. The Case for Bigger Government"
I forgot anything but wood makes the ball fly supersonic off the bat. Stanton would hit a line drive and kill a fan.
"Yes It's just ""Blue"" right?"
"Well, I mean, if he knows how to do a triple bypass then he wouldn't need the degree... Do you really need a degree to be a doctor? Would you want someone doing a triple bypass on your heart who just walked in off the street and watched a few videos? The job of pastor is far more serious and there are some very stern warnings for those who would take on that title and the proceed to preach falsely."
I upvoted you because I'm in a particulary good mood. If it helps I downvoted you because you complained about downvotes.
arent the number going down slowly till the 18 or 20? we need 10 less teams and a full year season like in any other league FFS
Compatible with LGG4 and the Nexus 5 Rockstar's Bully is now out on Android
"I mean the SCOTUS chose Bush. I think everyone needs to reconsider the implications of this. This is terribly bad. First off, if Trump is denied by the EC, the election moves to the House which is Republican-controlled. I am 99.99% confident they simply affirm his election there. But in the extremely unlikely scenario that even the House denies Trump the Presidency, are you really comfortable with congress over-riding the clear winner of an election? Don't be short-sighted about this. In 4 years, the same could happen to your president-elect. How will you feel then?"
"As far as I understand it, the recognition is a good step, now it's a matter of the screenplay getting picked up by a studio or director or whatever. For someone that doesn't understand how this works, that's like a huge deal, right? Isn't that what a ton of people out in Hollywood are going for? Getting their screenplay recognized? Like isn't this exactly how movies get made?"
"Good, fuck 'em. Alberta's possible pivot to the left alarms Canadian oil sector"
"Not a true bostero, I reckon. River is puerco but I want to see River win"
Of all the vehicles the one with the truck with massive tires ends up in the ditch LOL First Snow
"Sort by controversial and you can see what the non-supporters of James thinks. I don't DOTA or game at all and read the whole thing. But trust me, this is O-Negative popcorn. The guy does come off as a bit of a mess, and yet I want to take his side cause he seems really authentic? Now I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop and we find out all the worst things ever about him."
"According to my source with knowledge of the situation (who asked to remain anonymous as he is not authorized to speak to the press), delivery and take-out business are their bread-and-butter so it's not terribly uncommon to find good parking even during peak times. I was able to park right in front of jkogi on Friday night. I'm guessing that is not normal."
Desperate. Fake. Palestinians shooting their own.
Someone who isn't straight is a bender... Do you mean erection or drinking spree or robot that can alter the angle of metal beams? Because yes. I am.
"Is just me or does Bridgette look like chloe grace moretz? Big Brother US18 - Evening Live Feed Discussion - June 26 2016 Hello Houseguests. As the sun starts to descend on the east coast, the day is just heating up in the Big Brother house. Join us as we watch our favorite houseguests throughout the day. If you see something interesting, tell us about it! Don't forget to mention: * What camera you're watching * What day and time is it? (Bonus point for Big Brother or Pacific Time )"
"Bro, just because hes Asian doesn't mean it's OK to call him that Color man is the term your looking for"
Too bad it doesn't do anything. Didn't know the cannon on top of the War mill was clickable
As long as he keep getting top ten recruits every year i don't see him getting let go. It's impressive. I don't understand how his aggressive mediocrity has been tolerated for so long. Washington is a good school with a history of quality sports teams. Why should they have to settle for Romar?
"Really depends on the type of RPG you want: Demon's Souls - old-school, realistic, real-time, hard as hell Dragon Age: Origins / Dragon Age 2 - WRPG, real-time, party-based Oblivion - WRPG, open-world, real-time, huge and expansive Disgaea (3) - JRPG, turn-based tactical, complicated, long Valkyria Chronicles - ""real-time tactical"" (move in real time), third-person shooter as opposed to melee/magic of Fire Emblem/Disgaea, unique art style I am looking for a fantasy RPG to play on my PS3 until Guild Wars 2 comes out for the PC. What would you play? I prefer Fantasy RPG's, I would probably play an hour a night before I go to bed. Let me know which one I will get the most satisfaction I will get out of. Oblivion? Dragon Age 2? Two Worlds 2? .. there are so many out there to choose from. Help!"
That would usually be coaxial which is not a phone line. Is it still called phone socket when you have cable internet?
"He's also prolife, for now. Trump says the Iraq War was stupid, you should look into him, he's really high energy"
stupid sexy repulsa! not in our gritty sexy reboot she's not
"Rekt THE POINT OF A TRASH TALK THREAD IS TO TALK TRASH, NOT BE TRASH THAT IS TALKING"
"He trusts his tremendous spur of the moment judgements. Trump basically says ""I had never really thought about it, asked any professionals, or read about it before plastering it all over a national presidential campaign"""
"The Girl You Left Behind! Looking for a gift: Same author as ""Me Before You"" and ""Me After You"" The person I'm giving the book to LOVED ""Me Before You"" and ""Me After You"" by Jojo Moyes. I am looking for a book from the same author with a similar writing style (if that makes sense) as a gift and I was hoping that someone could help me! Thanks for your time!"
And my dress size. ok. I won't use BMI. I'll use my eyes instead.
So so fluffy! Norwegian Forest Cats
"Thank you, you saved me :D Unplug your xbox 360 controller until they fix it, it's making steam crash."
"Amen man. No, I'm not. I love smoking, I smoke everyday. I just have a conscience and can't stand false information being spread. Cannabis is wonderful, it really is, but there's no need to justify it as healthy or medicine or anything like that (although I AM aware it has many useful medicinal purposes, these are very specific conditions that it helps, smoking every day will not prevent you from getting any illnesses but it does cause plenty). For me it's fun, it relaxes me, it does all the stuff for me it does to you, I just don't need to justify it as healthy or whatever. Anyway I feel this conversation is well off topic now, it's gotten a bit silly. Long story short, weed is great. Smoke it, enjoy it, whatever. Who cares. I'm too high for this shit anyway lol"
"I'd like to make a joke about them getting %10 of the votes, but I think this time around, we're going to see record numbers of 3rd party voters. You can always vote 3rd party. Libertarian and Green are both fairly popular."
I read a comment on the original post that said a guy added treble fish hooks to his signs and two guys ended up in the ER with the fish hooks lodged in their hands someone explain to me what's going on here?
The inability and incompetence of Bombardier in meeting any contract deadline they've been given re: TTC streetcar delivery. I'm out of the loop. What is this referring to?
"The recommended serving size for Oreos is two cookies, so you technically have seven years worth of Oreos. Too late to the party, but I won a year supply of Oreo. I'm getting 365 packs of Oreo which is (with 14 cookies in a pack) a total of 5110 cookies :D"
There was a Jesus bar Joseph. Not exactly a historical event.
you can't improve a community if you excuse it as being a problem in others as well ALL communities fit this bill. If anything is toxic it's a community where differing opinions are forced out.
AFAIK there's only one such program in Canada and it's in Newfoundland. There are early intervention programs for troubled children/teens which help with things such as impulse control. However somebody has to take the initial step of reporting red flags and concerning behavior.
"Gray wolf, it can hunt for me &amp; it can curl up around me at night to keep me warm. You have one animal companion for the rest of your life. It will be 5 X the size of one in the wild, and will have undying loyalty to you. What animal are you gonna pick and why?"
10/10 Bake it away toys me irl
"Except the real good stuff never hits the front page. I usually try not to whore myself, but I was on soundcloud the minute he posted it, so I thought why not. I think I posted some real music the same time I posted this one though, so that makes up I guess."
Obviously you aren't official... I like the way you think.
Well it depends on which creep wave pushes faster on the 1st meet. Ever wonder which side would win in a 0v0? You guessed it; it's blue side!
"I wish Thugger and Uzi were on half the songs Half the songs i thought either Thugger or Lil Uzi were gonna come out cuz of the ""yeah"""
"i just looked and there are buy orders upwards of like 10 dollars... what is going on with keys and the marketplace? No keys in the marketplace? Hello, I went to buy keys and I couldn't find them. Is there a reason for this?"
"lmao plz stahp Dear god, no criticism about hickies. That's all. Just remember that."
"I find it hard to believe, but he's only 10! Sooo precious! How old is the older golden?"
"Funny Games, Midnight Cowboy, or A Serbian Film. I want to watch a truly terrifying film I've been searching a long time for a seriously scary flick. I started with classics, like The Exorcist of course, Rosemary's Baby, The Omen, etc.. but none of them really were all that scary. I found The Exorcist to be almost laughable at times even. I tried some suggestions from people like The Descent, The Blair Witch Project (which did it for me a little, but not enough), [REC], The Grudge, and more but I have yet to view a film that is really unsettling, unnerving, and uncomfortably horrifying. I want to feel scared to go anywhere without light after watching a movie. Are there any suggestions you have?"
wish complexity summer 2014 lineup was playing this split They call me Piglet - RobertxLee
Linkme: Disable Service How to stop the upgrade to 5.0.1 nag? I'm unlocked and rooted and will probably use the Root Toolkit at some point but my phone is running just fine right now. At least once a day I get that upgrade nag. Is there a way to turn that off?
I've just died. Must have been a bigger surprise when you found out he wasn't floating
"Hey, just being aware that you don't always do what you say puts you above some other people. I usually feel that was about the kind of gay rights protests that start heckling straight passerbys as ""breeders."" Is that really necessary? I get that it's cathartic, but it doesn't accomplish a damned thing. Of course, I don't think that we should be so pragmatic that we're asked to compromise in things that we shouldn't. But antagonism for the sake of antagonism really doesn't do anyone favors. And I'm fully aware that I don't take my own advice a lot."
Guess it didn't get the same kind coverage/treatment afterwards then? Hasn't he been? Trump was asked about Russia's invasion of Crimea months ago and didn't know anything about it.
"There are a shit ton of ""leaked documents"" out there but personally I'm not getting my hopes up about anything until the devs put out a press release. Everyone speaks of leaked documentation, whatever you like. We all know there is some form of organic level cap and after this first ""World"" you get to the Expansion, Hopefully it's not a queue and they give out beta early adopters. side rant: I'm hoping for the heaven/hell faction choice rumor myself! **Finally** two distinct factions."
"Sounds like a quick way to lose his job There's a new Police Cheif I believe, and he's the one enforcing it."
A M
"I feel like the unwelcoming sweaty-basement vibe that a great many comic book stores give off is also a big part of that demographic imbalance. I'm pretty sure that female readership has been going up for some years now, just look at how the big two are releasing more and more comics directed to women. As much as they pride themselves in being more progressive they are big companies, they wouldn't do it if there wasn't money in it. Most female readers read digital though, which is why you don't see a lot in comicbook stores"
Probably the negative stigma around the team name and after the match fixing it probably left a bad taste in their mouths. Ibuypower Why isnt ibuypower getting a new team?
"Not an invention but still interesting We had airplanes before we had sliced bread Not just the Wright Brothers' glider/plane thing but actual airplanes with propellers and shit It's just surprising to me that humans were able to figure out how to fly before they figured out how to mass-slice bread Today is the 85th birthday of sliced bread. So Reddit, what is the best invention since that day 85 years ago?"
"""throwing hard"" when they are the underdog and 15k real world dollarz on the line sounds about right fucking trash navi throwing hard, not even trying to win it's ridiculous."
"""Same-sex marriage is illegal, that's enough for me."" I simply don't care about the situation enough to sign a petition, Prostitution is illegal that's enough for me."
"Not enough sleep, I swear I saw ""for"". That's what I said."
And free will doesn't exist so might as well reprogram the meat robot and get him to do something useful instead of wasting all the resources that kept it alive for so long. Dude raped kids. fuck him and fuck you.
They take in water. What do the intake towers do? I know nothing about dams or hydroelectric power
"Looks like there is glowstone under the glass in the floor. I don't see any torches. At night, won't you get monster spawns?"
"I think we will disagree on that one. Yes, the only thing I disagree with is that gym is just gym and good health. In reality gym is more than just gym. I, and many others, do it to look better - which extends the usual meaning of grooming."
how do u select to place wards and predict enemy lanes? Best feature in 7.00 yet
It's cool but I haven't heard her I really love that ESPN has a female contributor to play-by-play.
An elmy embryo A birchy baby
"Wookieepedia's article on Shara Bey, they're citing the book Before the Awakening and the Visual Dictionary, and simple math. Really, where did you find that info?"
"Five, six, what's the difference really? Seriously... Can this team not count anymore?"
Random English comment Ett klassiskt knep
"""Hasayo motherfucker."" TL;DR Patch Notes 4.18 - League of Legends"
"I wish this was a thing, although it would work a lot better with a bigger community. Competetive filter for cs go ! Thoughts ?"
No homo but how big is your pecker? ITT is niggas asking how big each other's dicks are then saying no homo
"Its still a good item just because the damage is nice if the user is in your face (lissandra always is) and the dash helps you reposition Aaaaaand... I'm not even sure about the Protobelt anymore. The item got trashed last patch. I guess it's not **so bad** right now, but it went from God-Tier/Must-Buy to Meh/Maybe-against-heavy-kiters. But your point still counts."
"Harvard, so you can wear Harvard sweaters and give girls the wrong impression. CFB fans of Reddit, what team should I root for next season? I'm fairly new to college football, and haven't quite chosen a teem to root for yet. What makes your team better than the rest?"
"this is pretty much the best thing Arin in ""Kojima Changes Snakes Voice"""
I didn't see it fall in on itself like a flan in a cupboard I think you may have Ming mixed up with someone else. Every China game ever
yep no but at the very least the operators have different speed ratings so this would affect how far from the ledge they land.
doot doot Thank mr skeltal
Well none because VAT is a sales tax levied on items purchased What's the VAT on all of that?
What a scrub His only two made threes that game.
"Crowder just because of the matchup. Standard scoring: Jordan Matthews @Min Jamison Crowder @Det I would normally go with Mathews, but Vikings are such a shutdown defense, I don't know"
"Give it enough time, you will be here complaining with us ;) These recent posts are sure making us foreigners look like idiots...Some of the most obvious redflags ever and they just ignore them"
"Heh yeah, I love the section of tumblr that hates SJWs as much as TIA does. Tumblr is getting meta"
Didn't say anything about fans sorry for being excited about a good player? what else are we supposed to do?
"Eminem went to my high school (before I was there though), and I grew up a couple of miles from that trailer park. What's one thing your hometown is most famous for?"
"How exactly is the gov subsidized electricity ""free market""? Slush, you can't change the world to make yourself comfortable. Chinese win this war because their cost is lower. Similarly, your trezor sells for $99, and you can't see it's an excuse that Chinese can produce same things with much lower cost to urge people to boycott them. It's free market. It's freedom. Although I dislike Chinese miners. I think they are stupid and greedy and short-sighted."
"Putin: a totally reliable expert on American politics and economics Not from conspiracy, but I found it online... apperently Putin is a valid source for crazies now..."
"No, he played and hit a crucial 3 when we started to pull ahead. Is Perrantes still suspended?"
Can confirm. Not creepy at all
"Actually, it dates back to 1862 (see revenue act of 1862) to pay for the Union's war expenses In the US it was in 1913."
Correct. Looks more like a training exercise.
"You'd be surprised how many people still press it too late because they dont realize how fast headbutt goes. but the timing on pulve doesn't matter anymore, all that matters is the headbutt range."
Now replace these Crayfish with Humans and you can repost this in r/morbidreality to maximum your karma. Nooooooo!
"No, just flights to Israel. White House: No, We Don't Think We Should Ban Flights From Ebola Countries"
"First reason: TNA co-founder Jeff Jarrett no contract/blackmailing McMahon incident 2nd reason: Hogan &amp; Carter taking Impact head-to-head on Mondays in 2010 Why not mention TNA? I don't get why WWE ignores the existence of TNA. Wouldn't you think that, in AJ's case, speaking of TNA as a stepping stone to WWE would establish their place as the top company without really bad mouthing tna? They have to assume that most of the market knows what TNA is, and if they were gonna lose viewers to TNA, they would have already. It just seems odd to me. I dont know any other business where the competition's name is a dirty word."
Three big compound exercises 5x5 with 2 minutes rest between sets and warmup it all adds up pretty quickly 90 minutes? Sounds excessive.
"You can find it on the FAQ at the alpha forums, not sure if this information is public. Just got a friend invite but it doesn't say the times for this weekends test Is it against the NDA to ask or what? I'd just like to know when and how long the servers are on"
Others cards he meant. I don't follow. Can you explain?
What? Can we talk about how gross Whoppi is &amp;/or why she was there last night?
"*munch munch* ""It's *very nice*."" You're lucky we're Church of England."
"I don't wanna bring you down but I got referred by my original therapist to a gender therapist who then referred me again to another specialist (for help unrelated to gender) with a letter saying I have clear signs of gender dysphoria, and who has even suggested that I could get on HRT if I wanted to, but I still haven't really accepted it yet :/ I mean it's probably because of those mostly unrelated issues getting in the way but I've been having terrible attacks from doubts for a few days now so yeah... THIS! I'm going to a psychologist in 3 days to hopefully find out after 6 months of mental anguish if I do indeed have dysphoria, or at the least to learn my brain is a piece of shi.."
Your friend's sister doesn't have the greatest judgement. So my friends sister got a baby raccoon as a pet..
"That's a really smart suggestion, that opens up a lot of possibilities with similar dungeons+raid, like SSC and its five mans, or The Eye of Eternity. Tempest Keep was one that I also thought would be good. 4 wings, each with 4 (or 5) bosses and a distinct theme. You have the prison for demonic forces (plus some), the nature-filled Botanica, the mech-filled Mechanar, and the Keep itself."
"Sanders sold out himself and tried to sell out his movement. The Sanders movement is only just beginning: ""Vice President Biden commented recently that 'Bernie did more to change the party than the party did to change him.' That remains to be seen. What is clear is that Sanders and his supporters are moving to prove just that."""
"Flex seal Has there ever been a time where you saw an AD on TV and thought ""I need this""?"
"I dunno, I like the card back for Hearthstone, and I don't play Heroes but I think the mount looks cool. To their credit the rewards for the other games are also awful, save perhaps for the wow pet which has some novelty value and will probably be a good Pokemenz."
There's more crime and murder because we have black people... It has nothing to do with whites legally exercising their freedoms Why are so many people carrying guns? In Germany nobody except for police and military is doing this and we have less murder and violence...
"I mean I agreed with him there Uhhh, did you not see Screamin' A. Smith's Facebook live rant on KD going to the Warriors? It was from his own home..."
Why Charlie hate? My friend's grandmother is basically Charlie
God damn that was one of the weirdest scenes of any show I've ever seen lol James and Nat are about to pull Victor into a three-some just like Frank and Clair did with Meechum.
"Idk man, if you have a problem just tell her It's bothering you, if not don't. She talks about other guys? So i've been texting this girl for a few days now and our chats have gone from really deep to somewhat sexual to plain random. Talking to her is relatively easy and we've already made plans to hang out and have dinner sometime soon. However, occasionally she'll ask me if she sneak out to go to a party or talk about how she was hanging with some other guys. Im 90% this girl is into and that she's just testing to see how much i like her by mentioning these things but I could be wrong, thoughts?"
"Nah, they are The Three Bucketeers. Crabbe, Lillard and CJ - RipCity Triplets"
"Didn't he also come up with that one thing where you mean one thing and fuck your mother? My friend Sigmund said that story is an expression of the mighty warrior, the small penis."
"Again, not supporters of Hillary or Trump. The 2016 presidential candidates are a fucking joke."
"*sob* ""Okay, ready to join us in the circle?"""
"You must be one of the STEM elitists that dominate Reddit (and I say that as a current STEM professional). LOL theres literally nothing you can say about CS majors, so you talk about the business majors that make up 25% of the school. Go home HaeAhn Kwon"
"Football (the round one) I thought I'm not familiar with her, what other sport does she play?"
"That euphemism didn't exist until after 9/11.... Shady as fuck Religion of ""peace"""
"Why not hold her accountable and get her some help instead? No one is suggesting that her irresponsible actions should be encouraged or supported... If my mother was an alcoholic, and she stole some of my booze, i would just keep it better hidden in the future."
Many Buster Keaton films... What films are so visually impressive that they could still be enjoyed with the volume on mute?
"So, maybe a super soaker filled with it would work. Haha no. But if they get any of it on them they drop like flies. You could easily do it from 10 feet. Plus you don't have to deal with the wind blowing poison back in your face."
"I mean, Electrode is literally just a big ball and it's one of the fastest Pokemon out there. You ever tried doing a pinpoint turn midair with a giant railgun messing with your center of mass? Dodge to the left and Vikavolt has to nearly stop to turn around. Head canon."
OhMyDog &amp; FrankerZ Barry and Mr. Roo caster combo hype
"As an almost *wizard*, I also in need of any answer for this question. How do you find someone to date? This is kind of embarassing question but as a girl I never learned how to find people to date. Also I guess there are people out there who same as me never dating before. How do you find people to date? What do you do? How you deal with problem like religion, distance, age and so on?"
I Stand Alone - Godsmack Or Bodies- Drowing Pool What would your theme song be when shit gets real?
"Mind the gap! ""No Step"" ""No Step"" ""Doozie"""
All he needs now is a nosebleed! Don't make Ren into the prototypical romance anime main character where he trips over his feet and somehow does half the clothing of the girl he fell on top of or he's groping her breasts or both.
"I've seen a skeleton drop one. I concur, to the point where I'm not sure if I've seen anything *other* than a dog drop one. I'm not sure, but I can confirm multiples from dogs."
"$10 pints tonight. Thank you my pal, how much?"
"Join in. My parents are in the next room, doing you know what. Help me. Please."
"I don't think a little plant is going to get rid of his pain, dude. I'm being completely serious when I ask this: have you considered cannabis? It's by no means a cure to your disease, but I believe it could really benefit you. It's a fantastic pain reliever and anti-inflammatory. It can help bring joy back to everyday life, help get you outside and be active. I absolutely love exercising high, whether it's biking, running, lifting weight, or whatever else. Just put some tunes on, get in the zone, and go. It can help you be comfortable when you want to relax, more comfortable than you can ever imagine. Why do you think so many stoners never leave the couch? It can help bring your appetite back, or at least help you enjoy food more. The exercise will help that too. You sound like you've had a pretty rough life and I'm truly sorry you've had to go through all of that. I believe you deserve a better life, and I believe cannabis may be the catalyst you need to bring about that life."
"It's always a joke after it reaches -5. It's just a joke. All the white knight virgins on this subreddit are getting butthurt about it, though."
"I find that fine, no one likes to deal with that. Hey man. I only hang out next to mobs when you skeezes run off and start summoning every man and his dog."
"It happens in that same exact world I already discovered, there is nothing more for me to see, oh well except those awesome vistas from flying, but fuck you grind reputation. What's a world quest"
F I literally grew old and died peacefully trying to finish reading this comment
"Plot twist: Astomi is actually your mother. My mom recommended that book to me and I laughed it off. Now that someone on Reddit has recommended it though, I'm on board."
My bf and I can't do anything of the sort since he's so tall and I'm so short :( OMG my other favorite. I made my bf try to replicate that scene. Let's just say it doesn't work out as well with dorm room desks and really tall people.
"Get a fuckin cannoli from Mike's pastry dude Heading in to the game tonight, looking for somewhere to eat around the garden. I'm taking my dad, my friend and my girlfriend in to the game tonight, and we are looking for somewhere to eat by the garden. I'm open to all suggestions, but we're not necessarily looking for the most expensive dinner in Boston. I'm hoping for walking distance to the garden within ~10-15minute walk. Thanks, and FUCK THE HABS! And the islanders, just for good measure."
"I never had pet so correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe dogs will eat that too... And later that evening you're cleaning doggy diarrhea off of every horizontal surface."
"... I don't even know how to respond to this... We had a toilet book called ""Bushisms""... all the dumb shit he said during his campaign... Bush was pretty cool in 2000."
"No, I think everyone disagrees with torturing ""breeders"" even though he removed that part. You just disagree with it."
"The Pirate Bay is pretty targeted at, well, the clue is in the name. But torrents sites work for everything too. Not just illegal downloads. It just so happens its a good place to find them. Just like google is a good place to find them."
"You can actively lick my nuts. manliness Men are defined my what they do, women are defined by what has happened to them. Active vs receptive energy. This sub is filled with 'men' reacting to perceived slights from women, defining themselves by that reaction. I see men who have lost their masculinity, and in trying to find it are actually pushing it further away. I see scared boys who never learned to be men, and in turn never learned how to co exist with women. The internet and its constant reaffirmation to anyone with the most ignorant ideals has created a safe haven to act like a little bitch about things."
I thought most people loved it? Why does everybody hate on DK64.
Only when she's making something good. Your mom spends the entire day cooking you dinner?
How to look busy. What is a useful skill you can learn in ten minutes while sitting at a desk?
"There are aircraft, there's an old picture of a Laurel airdrop unit. Supposedly, in the ARW lore, they have no aircraft, but they can reach space?"
i r8 8/8 m8 gr8 bundle
This reads like someones porno fan fiction The Shawshank Redemption 2. Andy and Red get caught and end up back in prison in the same cell. The entire movie is about how Red relentlessly physically and sexually abuses Andy.
"Citizens need to directly counter with lawsuits, and file a class-action lawsuit against the cop who was responsible for the beating. Property owners face one-time tax hit to cover a $1.38 million settlement awarded to Michigan man beaten by cop during traffic stop."
You should do an AMA He said that when he came on my tits
"Unless you have a photo of Clinton accepting a bag with a money sign on it from someone who receives a favor they will defend it. Hey man, unless you link something where she or the DNC explicitly state ""WE'RE BEING CORRUPT RIGHT NOW"", they won't accept it. Fuck even then I bet some will defend it"
Looked up for this The technology just isn't here yet
Just because I want big sis Undyne to... oh. Kinkshaming
tyty great story.
"Because it is. Why does Joust 1v1 seem so unblanaced? Literally. I have played 1v1 the past few days and the amount of cringe and cancerous god picks I've faced have left me questioning my own sanity. Is there some trick to this or is it literally just ""Pick X to win""?"
**42** Just give me your GODDAMNED NUMBER!
Bumping my head on the freezer door. What turns your rage meter up to 11?
"The one time I would un-ironically use ""I need feminism because..."" Arguably sexist too. Women's Rights groups should challenge the ban."
"Same thing Nah, she actually forgot the word ""sex"""
"My guess is they're doing it to bolster adoption of their existing version before they release some new version that won't be deeply discounted. Kind of amazed by the Game Maker Pro offer, am I missing a catch here? I just paid $7 for something that's normally $150 Anyway, looking forward to playing your game and looking at how you've approached problems!"
"What we are actually seeing is a group with a political agenda whipping minor changes into a hysterical movement. I suppose that depends upon your definition of stable. However, there is overwhelming evidence to suggest that we are seeing more extreme climate on a relatively common basis."
"you sound fun Tax payers money well spent, just sayin....get to f'n work dudes!"
I'm sure I'll regret this but it is because she's in better shape then compared to now. idk why but i think 2012 kate upton is so much hotter than the one today that first pic is insane
This is a kickstarter scam The World's First Hoverboard
Is Wicked Awesome a cup size? Guess my cup size? ;). Asian..19
"I can get behind the kind of proactivity that involves more sluts in the world. Proactive as in tackling the problem that most of these young men suffer from, some sort of mental health issue. Being reactive is banning the guns to make sure it can't happen again."
Stressed Out by Twenty One Pilots What song are you tired of hearing on the radio?
"And all four are pretty shit Nope, in Madrid. Marca and AS are in Madrid, while Sport and Mundo Deportivo are Barcelona based."
which other providers? Try a free trial and see if you like it. Not worth $20/month considering what you get from other providers for $8-9.
"Anyone else find it sad that she probably doesn't know that the Hubble Space Telescope isn't on the ground? ""Tina Fey is ugly, pear-shaped, bitchy, over-rated troll"""
"I always do the tops of my feet and ears I once got a bad sunburn on the tops of my feet when I was little. I think it is one ounce for the entire body (shirtless and shorts). Still, make sure, each application is a thin layer that absorbs by itself, and don't forget your nose or the tops of your ears. Being thorough is crucial. And of course, reapplication every two hours, no excuses."
"""Rate"" in a financial sense means ""rate of return"". That friendly reminder is saying two conflicting things, so which is it?"
I spy maroon 5? Now Playing
"I think its clear and terrible writing Sorry guys, I just copied the tweet in its entirety. It made sense to me, but after looking at it again, I definitely can see why it's hard to understand. Very roundabout way of saying we're really good lol"
How can Reality television be real if our reality isn't real? There's no reality in reality television
"""Weed."" Only person ever to be ""addicted"" to weed."
"""And sure, sometimes we violently attack Sikhs because they're brown and wear head-coverings like the stereotypical media depiction of Muslims, but that doesn't mean anything..."" Anti-Muslim sentiment is called 'bigotry' - see, that's totally different!"
"He's either an Orokin or an Umbra like Chroma. Explain the Stalker? (SPOILERS) I just finished the Second Dream quest. I've pretty much researched and understood the lore behind the Tenno, Orokin, Sentients etc. but I still don't get the Stalker. (SPOILER ALERT) The quest left me confused about him... is he a former Tenno? Is he the last (non-Tenno) Orokin? Is he something else entirely? Why does he hunt the Tenno? Is it because of their betrayal of the Orokin?"
"Love how when this happened in Germany everyone on reddit was pointing at a possible malfunction and then it turned out it was the conductor playing phone games, but when it happens in Italy for the first time in decades it's cause we're lazy savages who don't follow rules. ""trains in Italy are well run and on time. "" Funniest thing I read in a while. I honestly don't think I've ever had a train, except for the pricey Frecciarosssa, be on time. LOL. Honestly I think so many Italians are in their own world they don't realise how inefficient things are in that country, especially in the south. This accident doesn't not come as much of a surprise. I've learned rules are more of a ""suggestion"" in Italy."
"Not jealous gf, just a crazy person. ... she knows your husband work place?... sounds like a jealous g.f"
It is unreasonable for that officer to continue to detain that driver against their will after he ascertains that no help was requested or desired. Incoherent yelling out the window at an officer as you drive by can easily be used as a justification for a stop if you apply the community caretaking doctrine. It's not unreasonable for an officer to stop a vehicle and ascertain that its occupants are alright if all he's heard is indistinct yelling directed at him.
"Peeled or unpeeled, Just one clove or the whole thing...this interest's me way more than it should:) TIL:The recommended treatment for pinworms in pregnant woman is to stick a garlic clove up their ass."
*Roman Anon tries to discourage suicide.
In my games the enemy Riven loses 0-5 against me and rages her team. I'm sorry.... (I never quit though... just the lane)
Pretty bad video and **definitely** not a food hack... Five Fresh Ingredients All Home Cooks Should Buy
"So you would rather spend money on helping after the child is born, or do you think its not societies job to make sure babies are well cared for? Why is it the public's financial responsibility to shoulder the burden for someone's personal decision to have unprotected sex? Those people need to smoking weed, go get jobs and stop asking the public to pay for handouts"
"I use dust filters and clean the filters once a month or so. Dear fellow PCMR, what is the correct way of cleaning one's PC? Say one has a PC full of dust and filth and want's it to look brand new again without messing one's shit up. How can this be attained?"
Wow this is going to be such a shit-show. Two Dead After Rio 2016 Olympic Legacy Cycle Path Collapses
OK Why doesn't Zilean eat clocks?
"In my opinion, it's actually harder than Gigyas. That boss is pretty hard."
That is impeccable Drawing a hyperrealistic vodka bottle
"MAC seem pretty self aware, chances are they did know and wondered if anyone else would notice. They knew what they were doing. Theres no way they didn't know."
"Hiked this area two days ago; when it wasn't raining (and even when it was, I guess) it was extremely beautiful. Alpenglow at Maroon Bells in Aspen, Colorado. Photo by Chung Hu."
So you're saying it should be ready before EFS? We are happy to announce that Cloud Drop Down List Sort will be available in our US West region next year.
"Where can I read up on this stuff? Yeah, exactly. Cthulhu is the obvious popular answer, but truth be told, he wouldn't be ruling shit. He'd wake up, humanity would go crazy and die. The End. Nyarlathotep, on the other hand, is the only mythos deity with that level of power who has taken the slightest interest in humanity -- and he seems to just like to fuck with us."
"With that gun depression, hill would be a perfect spot.. A supporting medium shouldn't be rushing hill on mines..."
"Well, I was thinking more of a candidate forum and issue debate thread rather than a hot seat, but I wouldn't mind doing some sort of Devils Advocate thread for my campaign if the moderation team would be acquiescent to doing something along those lines. Like a ""Devil's Advocate"" thread? I like it! We could ask tough questions and give constructive criticism."
"Oh, dad. Oh, please! You'd be FORTUNATE to have me as your father. I wouldn't take you on, you're too much of an embarrassment, son."
She's super annoying but she's hot. Andrea Ager
TIL it's April You'd have to wait for the magazine to come out and someone to scan it. I'll be sure to post it here when I see one.
"I mean i think they have always been like this(might be wrong) please stop acting in your videos, we really want to see how you guys really are, I didn't subscribe to see a bunch of puppets acting for YouTube money."
"Yeah, tried that, hasn't seemed to have changed anything. It's a long shot, but when I was getting corruption errors from my 64GB memory card rebuilding the database would sometimes help. Turn off the Vita completely. Then, press R+PS Button+Power and hold for about 5 seconds. The system will boot into safe mode and you can choose the ""rebuild database"" option."
What if he plays D&amp;D and gets sucked into an alternate universe? You aren't playing enough Dungeons and Dragons.
"So its another one of those gender issues that needs the two-way street approach? This is an article posted on the general Internet, not specifically TwoX. The exact message the article pushes for the girls is important for the boys. If a boy only hears about his responsibility to honor a girl's bodily autonomy, the message can come across in terms of power differential/protection/weaker sex, etc., and that may resonate with him. If he also hears about consent as it relates to his body, he gets the chance to approach it from a Golden Rule standpoint. Maybe he picks up a little empathy, so on a basic level he feels like setting his own limits and respecting others' limits is the right thing to do."
*ANOTHER ONEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE* #*ANOTHER ONNEEEEEEE ^^^^ANOTHER^^^^^LINEEEE
Which is not untrue. Living off the one season performance.
I was just thinking about this image. Death to the fascists hiding amongst us
Larry's not even trying anymore after he went and took LeBrons while he was going against Dwight howard they are still playing to see who wins the same big mac n fries in the commercial
Nearly 50% against a player pool that includes many foreigners is pretty appalling for a player of his calibre in the other two matchups. reddit hype makes people seem worse than they actually are.
":/ This is the worst news I've heard for the Dolphins in a long time. I'm sorry, Dolphins fans."
EBay Where did you get this? I need this in my life :D
Calculated. Story of my life
"Is this where Abraham got the idea for ""burny burny, cut cut""? Dank meme friend sent me"
"I wish people like this would realize their logical fallacy, and say not that this is ""proof"" that this way works, but realize that maybe, if they didn't do the things that we *know* to be unhealthy, then maybe their crazy genetics would've allowed them to live to be 130 or 140. An 111-year-old woman reveals the secret to longevity: Smoke a pack a day, have a pint of sherry for breakfast, and don't have kids."
"Yeah, you are mad. No, amused."
"Yes, but staying on Windows 7 implies removing such updates as well as the Windows 10 advertisements. All the spying features were released to 7 and 8 a while back in an update"
I want to know how badly you cheated to accomplish this. Some call me a gaming god...
"Well to be fair, it is debatable as to whether the Greenpeace folks do, or if they are just one giant ball of stupid. Yes, because nuclear plants have free will."
Holy shit They'll find it the next time they're looking for priest card ideas...
"Tales From The Borderlands, not only is it funny as fuck but it's also their best game. A Telltale ""Archer"" game could be pretty awesome. I wonder if they can write comedy.."
F Amen.
thats fucked up. I wouldn't call ramming a bunch of morons stupid enough to try and block a highway a tragedy...
Ice heard this is a radeon crimson driver problem Got the same thing My compass is all fucked up.
The commentary by the people who've watched too many Disney movies is always interesting in these types of videos. Elephant wrecks water buffalo
Most recent statistics indicate bisexuals are more common than straight up gay people. I find it strange that more people said they were bisexual than Homosexual.
:OOOOOOOOOOOOOO 91.6 :O
Make sure you are registered to vote. Very smart presidential candidate
"A parking garage on wheels or something. If Rockstar had thought about it, they'd have made all your cars come with you wherever you went in the form of a katamari-type ball, they hate the thought of not bringing all your shit everywhere so much"
it does and they do? Does the 2% ability damage from sorcery increase ZZ'Rot damage? Shouldn't feast give you the plus 20 hp from ZZ'rot minions kills?
Just give us the holmes. just make it easy on both our hearts and forfeit
"There might be buffs, have no worry. I was hoping for some buffs to make gods viable :( Well, let's hope some gods live through the nerf barrage..."
Loboton tika ^(i'll fuck your anus) Bisaya? Paexplain please.
Being a tow gunner means that you get to play with most of the cool stuff and walk the least. Could you expand on that?
Don't buy the game What's the smartest thing to do within the first few weeks of FIFA 17? What would be the smartest economical move to do after FUT 17 is released?
"Nah that's just his cursor. ""I wonder who put third age platelegs in the varrock general store"""
I still have mine. The Thumbnail of the post is the same as the splash screen of an old Sony Dvd player I had/grew up with. This brings back so much memories.
I caught one but the CP was nothing to shout about I haven't seen any mentions of this guy yet
"""Opposition for the position of DNC chair, tim conova raises $250000..."" Because the headline needs to tell the story and I'd it said ""Tim Canova raises $250,000 from Sanders supporters"" the average reader will say ""Ok so who the fuck is that and why should I care?"" The headline tells why this is actually notable"
Got the exact same one today ( Egg hatch ). When you hatch a 10km egg and get trolled with the CP
Prayers don't help and this wasn't an accident. Same. I preparing to say a prayer for all those harmed by this horrible accident.
"How I'm picturing a bunch of dogs sprinting around the office as they think ""business business business"" I work for a construction company. In our office we have 2-3 dogs daily and on fridays can have up to 5 sometimes. It is really great to have dogs in the office. If you get pissed off at something just go play with the dogs! They best is when they run around at full speed in the office."
What? Casualties in shopping centre explosion in Perth.
I guess its nice to know that stupid car fads aren't solely an American phenomenon. While we're on the subject of negative camber and stretched tires...
Let Meowt There is a cat in this backpack
"All we know is he's called... Some say, they share the same nipples..."
"If we made a similar diagram for men, I guess that the very middle spot would say ""Asshole."" The Girl Paradoxon"
"No, fuck you! Fuck you"
"do you have a source for that? Not in Texas, you can have the shit sued out of you for performing CPR without certs."
"Jerome Sinclair So it wasn't Sturridge in that haloween picture, it was whoever that guy is."
Oh man I loved the mw2 parody of this song I thought that shit was hilarious. IT WAS FIVE FUCKING YEARS AGO
"Save money, build your own. Yeah ill take it off her hands if she doesn't want it. AR-15's are expensive"
It almost looked intentional. This u-turn deserves a slow clap.
"me thanks, i had my eyes closed"
"The whole ""Weimar Republic like hyperinflation will happen soon, because of the Federal Reserve"" and than followed by:""Invest in gold"" or conspiracy theories 101 Things That Make You Libertarian So it's Tuesday... I was thinking you guys would want to make a thread of all the things you've heard libertarians say over the last couple of years that you remember that stood out.. It could be stuff you remember from reddit that users have said, Ron Paul quotes, common perceptions that they all share, anything you want to paraphrase, and also just libertarian things in general. Have Fun"
Now I can act out my Artemis fantasies. Behati Prinsloo - Golden Wings
"Source on purchasing flairs? Falirs will be back soon about rank and since they cost like 8 bucks to buy, I am sure that only people that really want to help will purchase it so they don't have to type ''I am diamond x'' everytime they post a comment because it is verified?"
"No, they've taken up calling everybody a racist for criticizing the migrant rapists. And feminist still remain quieter on the issue than a mouse in a mansion"
^ this Make sure you have more than 8 gigs of ram if you're on ultra. It's a ram eater.
"and crushing. Which, by extrapolation could mean immunity to heat and blunt force trauma."
"For Gorgeous Freeman we fight! Resistance. If you were in the Combine, you wouldn't be able to keep your humanity, or would be forced to beat innocent citizens as a metrocop. That doesn't sound like my ideal job... Plus, we have Gordon Freeman on our side!"
"Yeah, he's an idiot Sounds like your teacher tried to play the ""hip and cool teacher"" gambit and failed miserably."
"You speak as though you represent a nation, yet you are just one random poster on a reddit. Since when is the government a representation of the people? My South African friends *loathe* such comparisons."
Arty is balanced guys Arty kills his own OP O-I Exp.
"It has to be a glitch, the accuracy percentage is based on a bullet hit to bullets fired ratio, for a percentage of 747,000, he'd have to hit 747,000 zombies with every bullet fired. Or its because you shoot once amd hir more than one zombie"
"I work in a t-shirt printing shop and the amount of ""YOLO"" shirts we've had to make for idiot customers recently would make you want to nuke the planet. I never once have heard that phrase outside of reddit. OP is just as bad as whoever they are complaining about."
"That's how I got mass ammo at the beginning of the game I've answers - --Eventually, bodies start despawning so as not to crash the game. --If you start killing the synths yourself, eventually they stop spawning, but I did get a decent amount of exp before this happened. --From emptying all the bodies and their guns, I gather just over 1000 fusion cells. More than enough for the Righteous Authority."
"Well, I'm straight, but $200 is $200... but...but.. $200"
"Fall. Sure, if reducing the top number to zero, and adding 1000 to the bottom number qualifies as 'the same boat...'. When is Civ VI coming out, btw?"
This guy fucks This
Make that two. So we have at least one among us who likes his mechanic's choice of music.
"Even cows eat healthier foods than this creature. Also that is a ton of poop, looks like a cow shit. Seriously, I would know (Midwest girl) that's a 1200 lb animal poop."
thanks was just wondering since i havent heard anything 19th or 26th. 19th is my bet to iron out any last minute issues. watch for ptr ending announcement
We don't give a shit about migrants laws how? They don't give a shit about migrant laws. I don't think they care about your culture either.
"I think he meant at all, even in the minors. I don't believe he'd be ready until 2018... he's 16."
"Also in North Korean National Elections all though the primary leader isn't really up for grabs the other parties do have some minor differences although in large it is just like a parliamentary party that doesn't have a whip conducting votes. This was not a national election. Local elections elect local positions. Like when towns in America vote for mayor, or ombudsman or whatever local offices, ""lol I bet Obama won"" wouldn't make any sense."
John Daley is a child-looking FBI psychiatrist. Maybe hes a janitor somewhere and have lunch everyday with reese
"Favorite: *Last of the Mohicans* (1992 version) Least Favorite: So many it's hard to choose only one, but *The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy* comes to mind. What is your favorite and least favorite movie based on a book? What do you hope will be made into a movie? Favorite- Stand By Me Least Favorite- Water For Elephants. BORING I don't watch a lot of movies, but if I do, it is usually because I read the book. I though ""The Help"" would make a good movie when I read it, so I hope it comes out well on the big screen. I always lower my expectations for the movie though. It helps avoid disappointment."
"I don't know... The tone of all this stories seems terribly fake Lord Cape Kid the Neckbeard - Part Three: Return of the Neckbeards We left off in late November. Christmas was coming and so was our annual talent show which we called ""Coffee House"" It was actually a cool event, there was a lot of talented people in this school. Rappers, Musicians, Comedians, Gymnasts, Dancers and as I soon came to discover, LARPers (Live Action Roleplayers) for those who are unfamiliar. This is around a month after the last story and by now Cape Kid had actually found a group of friends! Incredible right? but to be fair there was a lot of likeminded individuals in this school. He has his crew consisting of * Trench coat the metal head, a tall lanky mofo with long hair and a horrible mess of a beard. He wore a trench coat every day * Bill Gates: kid looked like bill gates always wore a sweater vest and covered in acne. He was what you would call a gaming eliteist * Legolass the Legbeard: she had a not bad looking face but she was pretty chunky also one of the most annoyingly insufferable people to talk to, always ranting on about atheism and works of drama. She spoke in a way that you would think she were acting on stage * Zombie kid: legolass' boyfriend. Actually a really nice dude, a bit awkward but not a neckbeard. Completely obsessed with zombies and fully convinced the zombie apocalypse was upon us. I was friends with him up until graduation so I always got to see some pretty funny shit when he was with this crew. * Last but not least Arctic Boots: Rain, snow, sun no matter the weather this kid always wore these huge winter boots that made a lot of noise so you could always tell when he was coming. Very weird kid, didn't understand sarcasm, thought he was dark and mysterious but just a fat neckbeard who later became a furry. This was the main group but there were a couple others. Might get into that another time but for now this group will be the focus. My school had a common area that you could reserve or just chill in. It was a pretty cool room with great acoustics and completely soundproof. By now I was in a small garage band. We just messed around really but thought it might not be a bad idea to get a little drunk and play some songs at coffee house so we invited a few friends to listen to us jam in the common room a few days before the show. Everything was going good people were enjoying the show and suddenly the door whips open and in comes Arctic Boots, Bill Gates and our favourite hero Cape Kid the neckbeard. Who proceeds to walk right up and unplug one of our amps. * Me: ""What the fuck dude?"" * Cape Kid: ""You can't be in here right now this room is off limits"" * Me: ""Ya says who?"" * Cape Kid: ""Says us, we have a sanctioned Magic the Gathering Event"" * Me: ""Well go play magic somewhere else we aren't leaving * Cape Kid: We use this room every month for our magic tournament if you don't leave at once I will summon the Dean to banish you from these halls"" * Arctic Boots: ""You guys play your music somewhere else frick heads"" (kid was afraid of swearing because his parents get mad at him) No one really knows what to say everyone is kinda staring in disbelief at what is happening. My bandmate Brett plugs his guitar back in, we look at each other, I shrug and we continue playing. * Cape Kid: ""SILENCE THIS AT ONCE"" We ignore him and keep playing. He started pacing back and forth then just grabs a table sets it up right in the middle of all our friends and they just start playing fuckin Magic the Gathering right there. We ignore this and try not to laugh while doing our set, you can see he's getting more and more frustrated, cups his hands over his ears, starts pulling at his fedora. Then out of nowhere stands up * Cape Kid: CURSE YOU ALL TO THE DEPTHS OF THE FIRES OF MORDOR (something along those lines, pretty sure it was a LOTR reference) Proceeds to flip the table and send magic cards flying everywhere. We can no longer contain ourselves and burst out laughing, everyone but the neckie crew is laughing hysterically at this kid freaking out. His friends are pissed off and we just grab our stuff and leave while these kids are scrambling to figure out which cards belong to who. Fast-forward to coffee house 2 days later. Everyone is having a good time. The MC was a good friend of mine very funny kid with a voice that was made for the radio. He introduces us, we play a couple songs. The crowd enjoys it and we head off stage. Backstage we see the beardies dressed up in clothing straight out of Game of Thrones. They have fake swords and staves and all kinds of weird armour and shit. I wasn't at all surprised. I head back to go sit with some friends and watch the remaining acts. A couple acts pass and then finally my MC friend announces ""Up Next we have... what the hell? Um... Live Action Roleplay scenes from Guild Wars the Video game. He seemed pretty shocked that someone was actually going to LARP at a talent show. So these kids come galloping onto the stage riding those fake horse stick things that little kids get with the handles on the side. Everyone started laughing at the ridiculousness. So they do this stupid show and have sword fights that are starwars-kid-esque everyone is still laughing hysterically and you can see that most of the neckies are actually taking it really seriously. Cape kids face is getting redder by the second and suddenly he just bursts * Cape Kid: ""THIS ISN'T SUPPOSED TO BE FUNNY THIS IS A DRAMATIC SCENE CEASE THE LAUGHTER"" Laughing continues * Cape Kid: ""OBVIOUSLY NONE OF YOU CAN APPRECIATE REAL TALENT"" He storms off stage, the rest of his crew just stand there unsure of what to do. Zombie kid decides to speak up after a really awkward few seconds of silence * Zombie Kid: ""So whats the deal with airplane food?"" Up next part four. Cape Kid's euphoria meets new years party. Will he get the girl? obviously not but you can laugh at him fail miserably!"
"He was one in 2011. He isn't an Avenger. I wish people would stop going ""ohhh shit Daredevil will be in the new Avengers"". His character's been offered a spot many times, and refuses. It's his thing."
"She sounds like Majin Buu throwing a tantrum. Clearly troubled woman has a meltdown about people being too close to her in a public area, gets kicked in the face"
They don't like smart people. Why do Eurosceptics hate the idea of technocracy ?
"Are you... are you a dog? I also dropped s huge gob of spittle just as that main nugget broke free, and it was very similiar to the drool I do for a steak. Mind you, I LOVE having my ears cleaned..."
Didn't Renegade also used to be on before it sometimes? Who else remembers sitting thru the ending of 'Murder She Wrote' each week while waiting on raw?
No bull... They are actually playing in the lab with global megadeth. This is one time I want to come into the comments and hear that the story is a load of hyped bull.
"Seems he forgot about the TIM... I got one of those sentient upgrades today, and it stole my chair. What do?"
I'm other words... waaaah waaaah our clickbait isn't working waaaah. Dear GamerGate: Please Stop Stealing Our Shit | Motherboard
THe OPSEC is strong with this one. Shhhh
ITS OVER 9000! This one is off the charts.
"The game wouldn't make it to my top 100 favorites, in my opinion. The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time"
"Yeah, but it crops out the sides, giving me a shittier picture You can still use it as a wallpaper even though it's 4k."
"The shitty thing is no one will care, the damage is done. Actually what I think needs to be talked about is why the benches are incredibly inconsistent on this card. There are 3 well known websites that placed either better than the 980 Ti or at least on par with it at 4k, in some cases beating the Titan X. They were Tom's Hardware, Guru3D, and some Russian tech site. On the other hand there were some reviewers that said it was up to 15% slower than what was reported by the other sites for no reason. One theory that has shown up is that a number of testers might have been using the wrong driver version in tests. So this isn't over yet it seems, I guess we will have to wait longer until we know exactly how good it is, since the review numbers are all over the place."
Well the French SS.10 came around in 1955. Tbf I'm pretty sure ATGMs didn't exist in the 1950s. Still any of the IS tanks would demolish a Tiger and that's ignoring an Mi-4 with anti-tank rockets or the numbers of new RPGs.
"Why can't they make one that works with the cradle charger? Nyko Uboost: 2x the battery life for WiiU gamepad, easy clip on battery"
"You're just being white again, aren't you? Isn't that multiple personality disorder? I know it's classified as some kind of mental disorder..."
"And now they are firing their shit on r/de LOL, these guys are pretty predictable. the_donald.jpg"
They were simpler days... I was skimming old BR parts and in Part 23 found this tidbit.... How little did they know...
Yes. Schroedinger only said the whole cat thing as a criticism of someone else's science thing.
You can probably remove it with one of those magnetic wristbands. oh man it lists iron in their i def dont want to get iron poisoning!
"I taught my mom the difference between left clicking and right clicking on a mouse. I just taught my mother and aunt how to copy and paste, and open a new tab. Reddit, what are some ridiculously simple things you've had to teach your family?"
Which I see a lot of people confuse with Ludacris Lucrative. I always confuse it with ludicrous.
"Was asking myself how the hell Berlin was voted the most attractive city in Europe and how the hell Merkel beated Churchill, then I saw country representation, 3379 person from Germany and 279 from the Uk for example... kinda pointless survey for the European result. Study results: The self-perception of Europeans. (also available by country)."
Deflate your breast and watch you cry because we all know its fucking fake! Accidentally suffocated in between breasts while being given a big hug. [**Oh dear...**](#smile)
"Okay Reddit, how was your day? Let it all out! Blast away, good or bad."
There is already an MLA format for citing tweets. Oh god in a few decades...
A white kid? Guess who I met on my flight out of Vegas today!
"Hell no Paul Mcbeth Mike Piazza Chicken Strips - By the Smut Peddlers Game Day Thread 9/16/15: Really? No Game Thread Yet Edition? Mat Latos is a big doo doo head. Alex Wood starts tonight, and hopefully he pitches like he did against the Padres, not the Diamondbacks. Questions!! Do you buy into the pumpkin spice craze each fall? Who is your favorite non-baseball athlete? In your lifetime, who is your favorite Dodger catcher? What song is stuck in your head? GO DODGERS!! WOOD FOR WOOD!!! END GAMES BEFORE MIDIGHT!!"
"If only everyone had a distinctly different opinion here then we wouldn't have to suffer from circlejerks. I don't know why you're bothering to ask. It always results in a circlejerk of people saying ""IT'S DISGUSTING AND IF IT YOU WATCH IT YOU'RE A SICK PERSON."""
I'll say it again: God I love PT. Saints vs Bears Game Thread
Yea the builders! The builders I think. Yeah they were like these multiversal things I believe.
"Glad you got a positive outlook on it. She's a fwb, so no real damage, aside from probably no more sex. I found it more of a learning experience than anything haha, oh well"
This theory seems somewhat shaky to me. The Mystery Gate
"The correct chronological order is sealife, amphibians, reptiles, mammals, humans, religious humans, amphibians The correct chronological order is Jews, Christians and Muslims."
Got off reddit Whats something you could have done years ago that would be really useful today?
Love your username :) When you watch your ex score against your other ex :/
I'm so sorry I don't know how to tag things on mobile and I also apologize if this is a repost. Blogger doesnt hold back the truth: Why Oliva Wilde needs to have a miscarriage
"To be fair, one must be in pretty decent shape to start with before going on basic training. Nice, what branch? Lose some weight?"
People who lie about peeing in the shower still pee in the shower whether or not they admit it so isn't that just 1 group of people? Those who pee in the shower and those who lie about it
"You must have been absolutely beaming Giving my one year old boy a shoulder ride when I lifted him up and put him on my head... Turned to the wife and said ""Do you like what I'm wearing?"" (Lulling her into a false sense of security) She smiles at me, blissfully unaware of my setup and thinking I'm just being cute. ""It's a son-hat."" I say with a grin. The groan she gave me told me I had done well."
"They're also not supposed to shoot black guys Theyre also supposed to be identified for the cause of deterrence, which pmods are also good for"
"As someone who plays Verdun, it didn't seem THAT bad :P How do you know who to shoot? Where to go? Where the enemy is going to pop up? Damn. Either I suck at FPS or war is confusing as hell."
How else to make it easier to throw their shit away right? L.A. passes law limiting homeless people's belongings to what can fit in a trash bin
Owned and a different car.
My Life as a Teenage Robot What's a show from your childhood that no one else seems to remember?
You are two months late. I tapped out at the terribly unrealistic and uninspired opening nuclear attack.
"Is sharing state secrets freedom of speech? So what? That means nothing. I'm not saying their countries and culture respect freedom of speech, which they don't. As long as they don't harm anybody they can say anything they want, even if that hurts people's sensibilities, it is their right. That's the essence of freedom of speech; being able to say anything (even if it's bullshit) as long as it isn't a direct attack against any particular, in which case the affected individual can sue you."
Source? On the beach
"That feel when you know you're going to hate 90%+ of the people you will have to work with in the future. Adria Richards fired from SendGrid; Reddit replies with warning to women: ""With a reputation for publicly shaming people making tech jokes, she might not have such an easy time finding employment. And that would be a very valuable lesson. """
"And if you just have one toke? If, I have a beer,I'm not going to be drunk. If I have three tokes of medium grade BC bud, I will be stoned. I think part of the psychologists point is that the point of having a drink isn't necessarily to get intoxicated in any way (even moderately) but, rather, to taste something good."
"It's just one timer that counts up from -2:00 indefinitely. There are two 00:00 timers. First one is 2? minutes after you enter the game. When the timer reaches 00:00 it freezes for 1 second and then starts to count normaly. So, the first timer is the end of the countdown, and the 2nd 00:00 is when the creeps and bounty runes spawn."
Had sex with a lesbian (I'm a guy) What's something you've only done once?
Subzero is the best RDA I have used to I second this. subzero 24mm
"Tell that to the ""Wise Latina"". Great news. The sad part is that an individual should be allowed to have whatever religious belief they want - but when they use that belief to decide legal cases - they should not be allowed in the public sector."
Fair enough. Do you understand that it wasn't funny?
"That explains it, I didn't think she looked American. not dollars - 26 rand (South Africa)"
"If you thought pooping pigeons were a problem, wait until a flying horse unloads on you. Pegasus. Seriously, could you imagine traversing the skies on a flying fucking horse?"
"I didn't do 9/11 like the other bush though^ok^too^far^there ""I am a bush"" Relatable"
"I am neutral about close shipping it, close shipping it. I hate to ship it, ship it"
The Tsunami phrase was a little odd I suppose.. Why does my post keep getting removed? It's all public info.
"Rivendare will also help out. Echoing Ooze + Explorer's Hat I was thinking of a fun deck where I can multiply the hat. With ooze, I have a possibility of 4 hats in my hand. That plus Cho for more hats. Your thoughts and suggestions."
"I'd say the average person probably saves over $250/year by shopping at Walmart vs other more expensive stores. I did a rough calculation the other day, The Walton family who owns half of Walmart could alone give every single man, woman, and child in America a one time gift of $250--and still keep $50b for themselves. Rich people have enough to pay everyone's moderate grocery bill forever while still maintaining financial supremacy. Its downright sickening how much they have been allowed to enslave the rest of the populace. How bad does it have to get before we take to the streets and take back what we workes for? I hope it happens in my lifetime."
What? After this season the boys will have earned this privilege!
no problem was bit mad 14 minutes ago Sorry Joke God.
He is. I thought Melo was on his way out
Was vainly attempting to screw There was once a peruvian jew
I'm honored! probably the first NN girl I was able to nut to on here.
"Scary how these kids will be the ones on the death panels for Obamacare. If that were the lesson, then I might be okay with it. If it didn't come from a government employee. However, this teacher appeared eager to share that the lesson was about showing the students how to reason and what traits make a beneficial society."
"In europe the world servers are down, which are not displayed on the site It might... US Auth 3 is down."
"You could send them a copy in braille. Question: Should I state that I'm legally blind on my resume? And if so, where? Pretty self-explanatory hopefully. Thanks."
"What needed changing Some changes are good, though. Google is changing all the time. You just don't see it. In a similar vein, TPB started the shift from torrent files to magnet links. How do you think the entirety of TPB can fit on a 200mb thumb drive? Change can be good just as easily as it can be bad. But to not change *at all*, even as an attempt to improve? That's suicide."
"Or you have been poisoned. Birthmarks are a sign of reincarnation. If you have no birthmarks, then you are a new soul. Compare this to someone with several birthmarks. They have been on the planet many times. At least, that's what I made up in my own head to think about it."
It's pretty gross but on the inside of the bottom cuff of my jeans. Where do you hide your boogers?
Bingo I think most of us just would like to be able to disagree with someone who is non-white or a woman without being labeled as a racist or a sexist.
trials starts friday LFG ToO. 5 wins and I'm a happy duck
Yeah... Ummmm... Linux..... All those Linux distribution downloads.
"about time for more tax cuts! Federal deficit shrank to $300 million in August, down from $2 billion in the same month a year earlier - majorly due to a $1.6 billion reduction in expenses."
Depends. But is child abuse worse than abuse for the person than abuse at all ages?
fuuuuuuccckkkkk.. Ronaldo counter attack vs ACF Fiorentina
I knew I shouldn't have trusted that engineer when they said they modified my SCBs with Samsung batteries! PSA. Space China selling Fake Corvettes.
"So... statistically, red 32 is the best odds? The roulette in the safehouse is messed up a little bit"
"correctamungo Holy shit! Nice! So, if I click those links, it looks like they will just load in VLC and play at game time right?"
Blowoff tube going into the milk carton on the ground there. Where's that tube going in the last pic?
"so why do you promise updates to something if you don't actually plain on updating it.... no im saying that regardless of what he did, he doesn't want to release the tweak for his own reasons and that is perfectly OKAY. it is his tweak, there is no neeed to call him a useless little whiny brat."
"What's your channel's name? I actually did something like this for my play through of Dark souls in YouTube, I called it Dark Souls prepare to dice :)"
"Here's the list: Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Troll 2 Steel Magnolias Gotta pm me that list so I know what movie I have to pick to get ichabod to quit this club. Great great movie, the songs are super catchy. Favorite part is all the Steve Martin segments. I don't know if anybody could even make something close to this again. Dear god I hope this is never remade. Does anybody hate it? Or dislike it even?"
"You just posted two contradictory statements right there. I have no problem standing up for myself, I would do so in a heartbeat. I'm afraid of losing my job :/"
"Yeah clicked it too, not sure it can do any harm unless you login/download something. If it didnt download anything I don't think you can get infected."
Freeze peach can't melt dank memes. Super dank.
"Yes plus everytime Indian says something against Partition, we just clam down since they arent willing to talk solutions bus living in the past Agreed. Undoing partition is just a fantasy. It can not be done and hence we should stop talking about it and get on with other options probably."
"That's the best of ironies, if no one wants the coal over supply will kill what regulation couldn't But Trumpsky promised moar coal and moar fracking. We are somehow going to increase supply of both of those things in a sustainable way without the prices falling through the floor and causing massive layoffs."
That's assuming OP wants to be a director or a DP (Director of Photography). Do stuff for yourself. Buy some cameras and get to know other people that want to make movies. The internet is a huge resource for content distribution but no one wants to start something for themselves.
"It was sarcasm dumbass. Fuck the USA and fuck you, too."
"It's McAllen, Tx, ppl usually don't stick around that city if they have options. Texas judge busted for drunk driving pleads for special treatment: 'You are going to ruin my life'"
"They should have made the contracts work like gathering tools, no weird pathing bugs, no weird ""use the item but give no reward"" bugs, and the exploits wouldn't be working either. Am I the only one who had the opposite? :( One of my contract uses had the pirate skritt stuck on a rock so it just sat there. So I went to about 5 other skritt stashes and every time I used a contract or two, it would take the contract and the pirate wouldn't spawn.. so I lost probably a dozen or so contracts. Not a big loss, but eh.. :("
murrica! american OP gets shut down
"I'm usually in Sydney, so yeah :) YEAH! I'll be hopping around mostly the cities, are you close?"
Just remember to hit an even number of times so you don't get amnesia. The Acquired Savant (2016) - Dude gets bonked on the head and is now a mathematical genius
"Just hang out, and at the end of it ask her if to her it was a date or just 2 friends hanguing out, from there on you can draw your own conclusion pretty easilly sorry for bad english. Where to go from here with the girl (17/f) I am seeing? First of all, this is the first relationship I have been in and same with her. I have known this girl for a while but just in the last month and a half we have been hanging out nearly every weekend and we've been to the movies. She is really cuddly when we are watching movies together but we haven't kissed yet. She is super busy during the week with dance but we text and Snapchat through the week. I see her everyday at school and we talk then. She texts first as much as I do but, whenever we hang out I am always the one asking to. I'm not sure if she just expects me too since I'm the guy or if she read in to this. I'm just wondering where I should go from here because I really like her and I wan't her to like me. Not sure if I'm being too much of a ""nice guy"" or what. Any advice is appreciated! TL;DR Advice on how to advance the relationship with the girl I am seeing"
Lost about 20lbs and we'll talk. Do you want to play with me?
Best I can do is tree fiddy. FREE DRONELANDS! or pay us in Titans...
"using 10% crit sucks super hard you just waste some of your quints/marks its super inconsistant This. Fuck building Tri Force, I still just go with 10% crit chance in runes (20% with Yasuo's passive). Starting the game out with 20% crit chance is actually pretty insane, especially if you poke with Q a lot there's a good chance you'll get a crit in there. That puts you at 60% crit once you have Shiv.... so dirty."
"I don't live in a high school movie, so... Hello ladies! Question: how do you define an ""Alpha Female"" among female friends? Hi ladies. I ask this question because of an observation I had regarding my Girlfriend when she was hanging out with her friends. my girlfriend I would say was the most attractive of all her main female friends at one point but gained 50 pounds weight over the last 3 years, and at the start of the major weight gain she wasn't getting as much attention /invites from her friends as she do now, while 50 pounds overweight. I would say, mentality my girlfriend is very follower like when around her friends. I remember once they invited me to an Amusement park trip early on in the relationship, and she pretty much Ignored me. This happens more than this one time. I seen her cry before over the lack of attention so I now understand how much their acceptance/attention means to her. but with the recent string in invites from her friends, I notice that now there seem to be an Alpha Female dynamic in the group, looking outside-in. There were other reasons I picked up on this lo key rivalry as well from her friends now. I know it's not good to get straight to point with questions like this, but. I asked my girlfriend who she thinks the Alpha Female is in her group of friends. She replied that she doesn't know what an Alpha Female is. Which I figured she being vaguely sarcastic. I told her to wait for a follow up to that definition, because I wanted to ask the ladies on the forum here. So I came here to ask. How would you ladies define what an Alpha Female among friends is? BTW I want to mention I plan to help my girlfriend lose weight and also got her some nice clothes and a corset like she wanted. So she should be getting back to alpha female status look wise in a few months at least. But this is just an social psychological discussion I wanted to get feedback and advice from other ladies that may have experienced this."
Waiting for the T-1000 model! Hillary is Gen1. We've been spoiled by Gen3s like Rubio.
"Nah I'm only 5 10 but was considered skinney Are you 6'4""? Because that's what I think of when I think lanky"
"Not his argument, the way he went about it. I think it's a valid argument. You are paying $60 for a game that most of us haven't even played yet, looks better than on consoles, and has mod support and extra content. While I don't exactly agree with it being $60 and I probably won't buy it at that price, it's still justified. The devs put a lot of work into making it a good port and I wouldn't expect it to not go on sale for a while."
Win Shares. What is WS
"I don't actually play the game until the new dlc comes out. Xbox and PC people, what are you guys doing to keep the game fresh for another month? I'm getting bored of zombies and I'd like to know how you guys are going to handle another month of no dlc. I've done all of the easter eggs and reached master prestige already. (I don't have motivation to reach level 1000) Whenever I look at the main menu and those 4 maps that I've played so much, I just exit the game because what's the point of playing them? Help me reddit..."
"Ok. Alright, send me a PM if you have another way to contact. It'd be best to not contact here, just makes it easier for me. :)"
"Sub changeicons() ' ' changeicons Macro ' changes icons of mid price based on last closing price ' ' Keyboard Shortcut: Ctrl+Shift+C ' Selection.FormatConditions.AddIconSetCondition Selection.FormatConditions(Selection.FormatConditions.Count).SetFirstPriority With Selection.FormatConditions(1) .ReverseOrder = False .ShowIconOnly = False .IconSet = ActiveWorkbook.IconSets(xl3Arrows) End With With Selection.FormatConditions(1).IconCriteria(2) .Type = xlConditionValueNumber .Value = ""=Power!$E$4"" .Operator = 5 End With With Selection.FormatConditions(1).IconCriteria(3) .Type = xlConditionValueNumber .Value = ""=Power!$E$4"" .Operator = 7 End With End Sub Conditional formatting macro help Hi all, just trying to set up a macro that formats a cell with an up, down or sideways arrow based on the value in a cell left of it. for that I need to manually change the conditional formatting rules of individual cells and I have a LOT of cells to format. I have recorded the following macro, but it doesn't seem to change the =Power!$E$4 to a relative position value (which i clicked). What would be the best way to change the macro to use the cell to the left of whichever cell is active when i run the macro instead of the same value of =Power!$E$4? here is the whole macro for reference."
"Just right click on the image and save the image. Can u upload the file for this wallpaper, as I jungle rmuself it looks extremely useful"
"Holding off blink all ins You died ""doing what you loved."" What was it?"
"Don't agree with the respectful part, but it does actually help you retain the information better than you would have if you would have typed it down. ""You should take notes on paper instead of your computer because it's more respectful."""
Now this is a weapon to surpass Metal Gear! Anon comes up with the most OP weapon in video game history
"I was talking about self defense. 2 is about hunting. A person with one arm can't effectively use a gun, either. They tell you to fire with two hands for a reason."
"Waarom krijg ik nou nooit zo'n folder? Dit kaartje werd net door de bus gegooid, ik dacht dat ik jullie even zou waarschuwen voor de hagedissen"
"My fedora is too damn euphoric it might create another gravitational wave. Scientists announce finding Gravitational Waves, confirming Einstein's theory"
"If these are bongs, I will honestly purchase one. Made this last week, Glass."
"The vz 26 i just bought is 15 is why i asked xD I wanna say a solid 11 pounds, but I don't have a scale, so take that with a grain of salt."
Turns out that hot guy who gave her his number was Albert Einstein. Did you also receive $100?
"Honestly - that one makes me cringe.. Oh my god!!!! So much of what you said resonates with me! I hate his occasional interjections with ""OOOHHHHH LAWDY~~~~"" just terrible."
rarer than rare pepe RARE FLAIR
"Pretty sure Johnny Football has moved on to straight vodka Johnny Manziel on his plans after the Super Bowl: ""I'm going to drink a case of Budweiser, beat the shit out of my girl, and pray that Jerry Jones still loves fuckups."" #MoneySign"
"I thought Fletcher Christian settled on Peacan Island off the coast of South America some 250 years ago. Crew of 17 aboard HMS Bounty abandons ship about 90 miles southeast of Hatteras, North Carolina"
thanks im done with this game for a while Yes
The author stopped putting out updates for it quite a while back. what do you mean abbandon
yep The sword fighter: XKCD?
"Whether you hate them Orlov them, there's no denying that visors are definitely an important piece of safety equipment You can tell he Laich's that visor right about now."
mine know the sound of the thin plastic produce bags. Mine does this whenever she hears plastic crinkling. She's learned to associate that with the treats bag!
ge ta life One word
How would that change the fact that she is 5 feet tall though? Fair? Why doesn't she have gender re-assignment surgery too?
"Tell me why it is more mentally strenuous than a SSBN sailor sailing at the bottom of the ocean for a few months with no contact home. Mentally fit to go. Excellent physical health is indispensable, but robust mental health is even more important. We know fairly well how to measure the first, we don't know much about the second."
That's because they consider veterans to be a special class of people and the idea that anyone else can have similar problems is disrespectful to veterans and taking away their status. I've always been dismayed that people who would otherwise sympathise with psych issues among veterans turn around and shit on others enduring similar things.
yeah because it's not like 70% of EVE is waiting for a bar to fill up *rolls eyes* Yeah it's why I'm quitting lol. Game just makes me want to play EVE Online instead.
"Not at the LAN itself. Thats directly below, look again."
"Women don't use flesh lights because they don't have penis' Why do lesbians use dildos for sex toys rather than Fleshlights? And I thought homosexuality was ""natural."""
LOCK HER UP! #TIME TO #LOCKHERUP
Did you come up with that projection all by yourself? So hilter copied Clinton.. I think you're confussed.
Wrong way round Dark Web is perfectly legitimate sites without public DNS the deep web is the one with all of the crime Right. The dark web refers to drug dealers and pedophiles.
I'm gay Wrap it up! Babies are expensive and STDs can hurt.
"I second this, love king interviews. link to said interview?"
A true PC entusiast buys X series so you can wake up every day with a hard-on for your beastly overclock made possible by your hardline waterloop. Xeon or bust smh
"pick pitlord in ranked, get reported Dark Rift Update - New Hero Underlord"
lol my friend has one and he played minecraft with marshmallows. I wish i had a makey-makey :(
"Wow, that's less than 20% of the 2008 turnout. Is the 100k voter participation true? They better be not."
"Damn, that dog is better at physics than I am. Is that a scratch?"
"Bhai, agar hindu, hindi, musalmaan ki jagah chutiya bolein to chalega? Abbe yaar... maa chuda lo... insaan ko insaan bol lo chutiyon... hindu, hindi, musalmaan, muslim, isaai, bahai... kya farak padta hai? Chutiyapanti mein time kharaab karna thehra. Pardon my language, folks."
"I would be happy if it was it, at least they would feel obligated to add something decent. Basically patch note reads: Warsong Commander is removed from the game."
"That doesn't work sadly You can turn that off via your phone: ""Google Settings"" - ""Google+"" - ""Notifications"" - Scroll down roughly to the middle to the ""Photos"" section - Untick the last of the options, ""Photos added from Auto-backup"""
I love Majora's Mask. What is your favourite classic early 2000s video game?
Can confirm that there may be issues activating any of the above key in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea. can anyone who's bought the bundle confirm this?
"You can but afaik your phone has to be in range of the tag and will relock as soon as your phone loses connection with the tag, unless they updated smart lock to keep your phone unlocked for a short time after your phone comes out of contact with the tag. Oh wow I didn't know NFC could be used with Smart Lock...unless you used Tasker to disable screen lock or something"
I love your flair iirc degrees of showing are dependent on genetics (including height- tall ladies often show later) and the placement of the placenta (?? where the umbilical cord attaches) anterior placenta generally means you will show earlier and experience kicking much earlier. posterior placenta will make you show later and take longer to feel kicks etc.
"Ah okay this is an interesting topic to research. The burial site was unknown for hundreds of years, b/c there was a fear of his grave being desecrated. Story goes four different ""coffins"" were sent out in four diffrent locations. I think Tamerlane ordered the construction of mazar-e-Sharif b/c he saw a dream which lead him to believe Imam Ali was buried there. Im sure an afghan shia would tell the story better."
I get random ass cramps sometimes. Sore ass bones during period? I hope I am posting this in the right place. Just wanted to see if anyone else gets sore ass bones during their period? I spent equal amounts of time sitting and walking this morning so I'm sure it's not what I was sitting on or the length of time I was sitting. What a weird side effect of having a period!
"I don't see how that attack at me was relevant, I would vote for Hillary regardless, point is your flimsy cries of ""racist"" are over-exaggerated and an attempt at character assassination at best. Well it's a good thing you're not in charge of the dem primary delegate distribution :)"
I enjoyed sesevenen as well. Love Se7en
Black gay ass from space? Black gay Jew ass?
"I don't know if I'd go so far as accusing them of not being a good person but I totally agree this post is pretty mean and judgmental. Interesting, because you sound like an asshole when I read your post. The golden rule, person! Perhaps some day when you're ready to walk out of your current state of being a judgmental dick it's there to give you solid foundation of being a decent person, instead of the illusion you are in that you are somehow better or more intelligent and more informed than someone else with a different point of view."
"Pretty sure if I saw God AND Jesus, I would not forget the date. Shower thought: Why couldn't JS give us the exact date of the first vision? The most important event for the salvation of man since the resurrection of Jesus Christ, and he couldn't remember the exact date? Sounds fishy to me."
A7s with like a f/0.95 lens? Bioluminescent plankton
"If they call everything theyre bound to get one right All right, for all the bad DPI calls we've gotten, that was a good call by the refs."
"Academic frats are different from social frats I think I would say all members of a fraternity (the word literally means ""brotherhood"") are bros, although some clearly fit the stereotypical dress and behavior better than others."
"That was for my masters :) Damn, but weren't u having exams and stuff some time back ?"
"This only makes #notyourshield all the more relevant, methinks. No party will say they are for corruption, but they will use the labels against others. Right now I've seen anti-GG use the conservative label as an attack, and some pro-GG using liberal as a shield, as if being conservative was actually something bad to begin with. And if you've read the origin of gamergate thread that's up right now, you'll see that before the role was reversed. I just think we need to be aware of, and cut out, the things which people will use to sling mud, which actually has no place in the conversation"
"What kind of books do you read? She's lucky her stalker didn't take that as a challenge and whip his special little guy out for a literal pissing contest. Then he would have seen her ruse, and been all ""sweet, can totes attack this chick again."""
"I wouldn't call it an easy A but yeah, Grelecki is very good. I had Palmer and he is a good teacher and funny guy, but go with Ryan galecki. It's an easy A and he's really funny. Galecki also gives lots of extra credit for remembering things like the name of his kid"
"...aaannndd sent an email to my LGS to see how much it would cost for him to order this in. Finally got my first CZ, the CZ 75B SP-01 Tactical in Urban Grey"
"How else are you supposed to keep viruses out, right? Only Linux."
No you didn't. I actually made this
"Oh, sorry I'm ESL I didnt know the exact name.I should have used a translator. Just a side note. Those are called colostomy bags. A colonoscopy is where the ol' doc sticks a camera (scope) up there."
"I'd rather ""whine and quit"" than try to commit suicide from overwork. Having a good work ethic means you don't whine and quit like Americans."
Plz no. He seems to be the very best.
How is there no cousin it comment at the top of this thread... I'm getting old. The way her hair unfolds...
And that's about it. He has a sack
"If I were to stand upside down with my head in a bucket of pirahna fish, I would be unable to play the piano. You're held at gunpoint and will be shot if you cannot supply a random fact that the person has honestly never heard. What do you tell them?"
That settlement is really going to cut into the ol' blow budget. That baby will come out the womb driving a Bentley
He's got bars but he's just so damn irrelevant Joe Budden - Making a Murderer Pt. 1 (Drake Diss)
"so a advanced engine is worth 250k? How, might I ask. A premium token is 250 because... 2.5k = HQ mold HQ Mold = 10 premium tokens 2.5k divided by 10 is 250. So do me a favour and don't try and scam me please mate."
Based on the way Misha delivered.. I feel like he certainly hates it too. Don't they realize everyone *hates* this formula?
There's nothing like the smell of a rotting corpse in the mourning. fucking necrophile
"If you don't have a cape, though, you'll fall under the first Chuck, and that's a lot more dangerous route than going over him. No need for power-ups. It's a pretty easy level once you know the route to take. But until you know it, it's the worst."
"""Convenience."" So she was quite prepared to shift blame to Powell for her actions but *now* she doesn't want to talk about it?"
And have a torrid affair with Kenny Chesney. Tom Cruise will come out of the closet.
I wish you were really an AI at that level of understanding. wow so it took CNN 20 years and going from millions of viewers to 100k viewers to actually start covering little bits and pieces of truth. Well if they can keep it up for the next 10 years I might even come around to support them.
"""the age of entitlement is over"" I hope Labor pursues it right now just to remind voters of the hypocrisy of that greedy bastard Joe Hockey lecturing the rest of us about entitlement when he was Treasurer. I assume that the government will pursue this with all the vigour they used for pursuing Slipper for similar offences."
"I kinda wish we were watching Aaron Rodgers or Tony Romo on the countdown because Matthew had better things to do Watching Matthew Stafford on ESPN NFL Countdown... And he looks sharp as hell, so confident, and personable and gracious too. Honestly ever since watching the Cowboys game I gained a new appreciation for the kid. Home cooking.hillarious...."
Dat Saxxy doh Real life animatronic photo clue! I wonder who sports a bright red and obvious button...
"nope, the blondes look good bro First post: 25y/o - 2 months - Cleaned up for work. Hate my blondes, should I dye my beard?"
"I don't think any new strategies really pop up, at least not without knowing what the lands would do. What would enemy man lands do to change Modern? It seems funny to think that Modern comes down to a battle against Steam Vents against Overgrown Tomb, but neither color pair have a man land. The GW and GR man lands have been an amazing way to close out the game for GBx decks when it comes to top decks and Celestial Colonnade is the reason that the only top tier control deck is in UW. The BR land has seen fringe play and UB suffers from the problem of trying to play UB in Modern. What kind of archetype become better and what new strategies might sprout up? If you have any fun ideas for an enemy man land, post them in the comments."
"Tracy Mcgrady considering he did not have the greatest work ethic yet still managed to be such a great scorer. Forget drive, work ethic, smarts - what player had the most pure talent in NBA history?"
"Why does that matter not my cup of tea. if i had to guess, his main demographic is college-age white girls"
"Actually, that depends on the state. It's ""wrong"" in almost the whole US because it's never okay to go over the speed limit. I love Reddits take on driving. Speed limits are just suggestions but only using the left lane for passing is a sacrosanct law passed down to man from the God of Driving."
"How many ball bruising instances have there been by Green? I see what Kerr is saying, but potentially costing GS the series is not made OK by the fact that he played a huge role in getting them there. If he misses the game winning shot in game 7, sure, no apologies needed. If he does something stupid/immature and costs them the series, yeah, he owes an apology to his team and any balls he bruised."
"I thought it was the Home Secretary that was in charge of intelligence services. Boris Johnson is now responsible for GCHQ and MI6. A man with a reputation for hardly ever turning up for work, and signing documents without reading them."
"Send him a picture of a 390 and tell him ""The 390 *is* a plane!"" He was just a little confused and told me that wasn't a plane"
"*genius. Wow, a loop pedal. Cause nobody can come up with wierd shit with those while they're high... such genious."
"Warm, wet washcloth on the bump, or submerged in warm bathwater, or under hot water from the shower for awhile will do wonders. Is an abcess guarenteed from a missed shot I feel like i should know this gettin high so long but i rarely have missed and never once had an abcess."
"Daaang lol yes, he had a lv 60 evo3 dark one"
"So Gaijin won't be given warning to jack up their prices the week before the sale? ""please note that this information is confidential"" some russian developer is now off of valve's christmas card list."
Actually right now. What time does the debate end? Anyone know?
"Q9400 here, with GTX 650Ti and 4GB DDR2 RAM. Who here still has c2d or c2q rigs as their main ones? (9500gt, 4gb ddr2 and e8500, on asus p5nt deluxe)"
"The best defense is the defense that gives up the fewest points and does what needs to be done to secure the win. I know right. In a pass happy league, the broncos are first. The best pass defense is the best defense in the league. Patriots and giants are no where close."
"... In the United States. I could eat that much. In fact, that doesn't look much different from the portion servings of a big platter at any breakfast diners."
Someone pissed off a god Huge odd shape over a volcano that has been erupting all week.
"Yes you can. Can I take the mirrors/crystals used in mep2 outside of the temple of light? Basically what I'm asking is if I can take the mirrors and crystals used in Mourning's End Part 2 outside of the Temple of Light so that i can go restock on food. I know I can't bank them, but will I have to restart all the puzzles or can they go outside of the Temple."
"The problem is then that Ryu has no TP and Ekko has one, so suddenly it's a 4v5. Maybe have Ryu defend against the split push? Kennen would have been so much more useful with the team."
I don't think anyone likes it here except for the criminals. No doubt the liberals think so.
Brb redoing my socks How to fold your socks if you are the least bit OCD
"Thank you for the fucking history lesson but you're still spelled ignoramus. Its pronounced ""ignoremouse"" by the way. Mongolians used the word to insult someone twice as much in half the words."
Tell us more please There's a hole in the wall in Ellesmere Port that dispenses fivers.
"Not to mention the year that the x-files was renewed for a mini season. 2015: The year that The Muppets returned to TV, and the year that *real* Star Wars (post-ROTJ) returned. Hot Damn, this is a great year to be alive!"
Think this guy meant QC* fake
"I think that's from ""Bite Size""...documentary about childhood obesity and it's causes. I heard somewhere (probably a documentry) That after the boom of exercise and fitness really took off. A lot of food companies stared releasing fat free/low fat versions of their products... but lowering the fat content they had to compensate with sugar.. which the body processes faster, and if the body doesn't consume it's blood sugar level it gets converted into Fats. Along with the more sugarcoat engest, the more insulin you produce, and that riggers your body to retain more water as well so both of those combined with improper portion size (which probably was already the case) the obesity problem greatly increased. But maybe I'm just high and recolecting wrong"
"Nah, greninja just came through the ultrawormhole from the Anime Universe after being unable to cope with Ash's loss. Ash-Greninja kinda blurs the distinction a bit."
"Well... This is worthy of a Darwin award TIL a 16yo British was found dead, surrounded by 42 cans of aerosol body spray. He would apparently spray himself down daily to avoid showering and died from inhaling large amounts of the butane propellant in the product."
"Derek Carr and Bortles have had some stud recievers in their short careers Among all active NFL quarterbacks, which one has generally had the best wide receivers?"
It it because this is the hITLER guy? I don't remember.
Keming* Tell them you're using 4k fully rendered fonts with upscaled UHQ Kerning.
And Enron gaming the California energy market? This deregulation bullshit again? Have you forgotten about the CDS fueled financial meltdown already?
"*Zat* vas doctor assisted homicide! Einz, zwei, drei... I do not zink ve brought enough body bags."
"500,000,000 to go! Gabynator is now less than 1 and a half bars from Paragon 1000"
And some people needing an arlo white and Rebecca Lowe fix Not surprising (certainly not surprising enough for ALL CAPS) given the game times for Brazil are much better than for England...
Have a telegram account? Wanting new furry friends I'm samurai. A mutt. I'm 20 a female and just looking for more active new faces to add to my furry chat. My kik is Samuraielune. Look me up and let's chat
I want to do this so much. Hot Wheels down the stairs
"Wait what do we downvote Right here with you comrade, this is the real October revolution!!!"
WE WANT OKLAHOMA! #11 Oklahoma upsets #3 Alabama to win the Sugar Bowl 45-31
"i fill mine up 1 hash pattern lower and still suck tons of water in the hose -shrug- It wasn't that much. We didn't have a problem with the water, just the heat."
He sounds amazing over your production. appreciate any and all support :)
Throwing nades all day takes its toll man... Why does this happen to your finger when you throw a grenade?
"Idk how Woody will make it to the Middle East but I guess we'll find out in Toy Story 5. You've just been kidnapped by ISIS and the last character/person you've seen on TV is given the responsibility to save you. Who? Can they? If so, how?"
Eu is pure shitt deal with it already EU LCS viewership on twitch : barely 40K with both streams combined
"The only played it on 3rd down when we were on Defense, so 3rd and 35 would have been a good time to play it. Maybe it was the alcohol, but it felt like every third down. It could have been 3rd and 35 and the PA would start playing 3rd down for what."
"Most likely the ""Star Wars: A Galaxy Divided"" mod collection on the Steam Workshop. Glory to the empire! Also, what mods did you use for this?"
"Recording lectures is illegal? Not sure what state you are in, but this may be illegal. If you are in Illinois this is illegal."
"Yeah I don't think dead humans can give out names. If they come to America, they'll probably be dead before they can even be named."
Sulecki Who can beat GGG at middleweight. This has probably been done to death (I'm new here so I don't know) Not mayweather because he is a retired welterweight and not Andre ward because he is a super middleweight boxing at light heavy weight. Is there a middleweight on the planet right now who gives the guy problems? The only people I recall calling him out was Lara in the not so distant past and now Karl froch is piping up now he's safely in retirement (IMO) So does GGG unify the division or does he get body swerved until he dies of old age? Thoughts?
"Yes, but Perez tends to be very lucky in these draws. Well, this year they just can hope for Wolfsburg, Benfica and City, otherwise they're going to suffer."
"Nope, burn in AMOLED is the result of the individual leds burning **out** unevenly if you have a nav bar those pixels aren't used as much and as a result the rest of the screen will appear more wear out making it seems the low part is at fault (which is not) Maybe not *fixed* but certainly healed. Think of it more like putting a bandage on it"
"Awful as he was, he showed heart, and that's very valuable to most people, specially to those who know little about football. Don't tell Brazilians that, the support for him is skyrocketing these days for some reason (is it because he cried after the match?)."
"Stop being honest then...millions of people watch cable programming every year. Honestly, I don't know anyone that still watches cable."
All your link shows is part of Govia's astroturfing operation - basically their much vaunted plan to improve the service failed after only six months so now they're looking for a scapegoat. All of that may be true but that chart in my link is pretty compelling. Last min absences are incredibly disruptive to business operations.
"Great work man, honestly. We can only hope."
A couple of hundred of them. COUPLE OF HUNDRED OF THEM
"kinda dumb people are down voting, I happen to think it looks pretty stupid too. Yes, I am serious. Thanks for your uninformative, unhelpful, meme-style post, though. It is most appreciated!"
"Jon's Bridal, Tampa FL Where'd you buy it?"
just a 50 lb backpack keeping them down. that last kid gave up on life
"In general it's only games they didn't get a review copy for or games including an important multiplayer part (where the review in progress is the single player part). A lot of games get a ""Review in Progress"" these days, with or without the policy. More or less, the moment a reviewer has something to write about, they post it."
Remember Clinton brought us NAFTA and the repeal of the Glass-Stegall act. Are you comparing blowjobs and dick pics to the destabilization of the US economy and the destruction of its middle class?
Or he charges it at lunch time. Presumably less than the 106 mile max rated range of the e-NV200.
"Yes he's already the favorite if you go by oddsmakers. Is there any way in hell Brady gets considered for MVP this season? Sample size is small, I know, but his stats are nuts so far this season. What would he have to do (or not do) to be in consideration for MVP?"
It! Drink what?
Get back to work Justin! My friend punched the Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in the face today...
"Doesn't matter had sex. American businessman is in Japan on an important trip. He has an afternoon golf outing to sew up a deal. Before he goes, he decides to visit a bath house and Geisha. The Geisha comes in and massages him and gives the ""signal"" for more. He pays the fee and she gives him oral and then climbs aboard and sensually rides him. Becoming very turned on the businessman spins her around and doggies her. As he is going she is apparently turned on also, the normally reserved Geisha yells ""Tosheeska, Oh Tosheeska!"" This makes the guy climax and the Geisha gathers her things and leaves. The guy meets his Japanese business partners at the first hole at the golf course. It's a par 5 and he drives the green on the second shot feeling so confident from his Geisha visit. He putts and holes it for an eagle. He can hardly contain himself, but he wants to say something the other guys will understand how happy he is. So he decides to yell ""Tosheeska, Tosheeska!!"" There is an uncomfortable silence and on of the businessmen asks "" Why you yell 'Wrong Hole!?' """
You're personally for the executive doing an end run around the legislative appropriations process? How does everyone feel about the re-routing of sales tax funds? Essentially this takes the decision out of the hands of elected officials and puts the money directly into roads. I am personally for it.
"Wait is that the second one? Either A Cinderella Story with Hillary Duff, or The Princess Diaries: Royal Engagement."
Nah you probably have a life. Subreddit simulator is leaking or I'm really out of touch.
"no cussing plz my mummy told me and hes ver smart #*120 MILES PER HOUR, BITCH*"
for a second I thought I wandered into the wrong sub. Thanks dude! Nabbed both Dicks Picks. Which the sale price brought down from brutally expensive to just expensive.
Remind me - how much are you paying for my silence again? of course.
"We got Five because Kino was supposed to be in WaW. Yeah, I think the base game should include a bit more. Back in Black Ops we had ""2.5"" vanilla maps (Kino, Five and Dead Ops Arcade if you want to count that). Then in BO2 we got Tranzit and individual parts of that map (I don't consider Bus Depot and Town individual maps TBH because they are so small and there is practically nothing to do) and this time we only got one default map. Don't get me wrong, Shadows of Evil is probably the best stock level we ever had (Kino is one of my all-time favorites but if you look at it objectively, SoE offers more content and replayability for most players) but I think two maps would have been better. If you're a fan of zombies you're pretty much forced to purchase the season pass because no one is going to play one map over and over and over again."
Reference? It's got what plants crave!
"The only way the cops' version makes sense is if the bookcase had a wormhole in the back. The claim is, the backing was loose and the key was wedged between the backing and the unit, or as Colborn says, ""cleverly hidden"". Even with the key wedged, it would still have been visible from the inside of the unit. Not many people think it fell out, they think it was never in there. That would be another good forencis test though. If the key was wedged, it must have picked up some of the finishing from the unit, which should be on the key."
"Braiding. I can still complain about the long hairs on my shaft though right? I mean, what are those supposed to be for anyway."
"What the fuck He's no longer our French legend, just some Sky puppet."
"They said they will fix this as it's a bug. They should at least change Decisive-Strike to if you miss your skill-check, the perk is wasted... actually you can just aim to hit it late and if you missed it, you can still use it the next time the Killer picks you up... pretty stupid (I'm a Survivor-Main)"
"It's probably asking itself, ""which one do I get beat up?"" My Dad was fishing for salmon and this is what they saw. Go Canada!"
Dirty healthist. Also healthier
"Also, I'm sure Tasker would be a workable solution. For you android ents.. blaze o clock Is on the Google playstore"
"Remy oil is still the greatest thing on the planet. Remington was bought out by a company called Freedom Group, whose CEO was Bob Nardelli, a notorious corporate raider who has run every company he touched into the ground. He's one of those that slashes every cost he can for short term gains, but burns down the company in the process. He ran Chrysler into chapter 11, almost destroyed Home Depot before they ousted him, then went on to kill Remington, though he left Freedom Group in 2012. The quality of Remington products went completely to shit after Freedom Group. They managed to mess up the products that they've made forever, like the 870 and 1100 shotguns, old, reliable models which all of the sudden became pieces of crap."
I think Epic just lost its few remaining defenders... I'm really hoping we'll have stronger towers in the new map and these changes are just to keep match length down on the old crap map? I 100% agree.
"No it's not, I bike to work your commute is fucked Trailer just T-boned a truck on 35 around Chavez ramp, expect long delays this morning on your commute in."
"The fuck man, don't make me suffer through this embarrassing Romo photo when it's not even football season Romo Rubio / Choke Artist"
No it doesn't That sounds great.
IRA and ETA had the same cause? Really? IRA terrorism. ETA
"It's *really* easy to find the real info with a google search. Out of curiosity does that info match with the Hawaii area code numbers that were part of the first ""doxx?"""
"We've managed to dodge the bullet here too (how rare) Canada apologizes for your shitty weather, its 20 C (about 70 F) here in Toronto"
"as a shitlord, I can see no reason as to why these two are not *literally* the exact same thing ""Rape sucks, and so does being falsely accused of rape (both will haunt you forever)."""
"Name suggestion: Countess Olaf Pregnant DIL and toddler grand-daughter come to visit? Better try to starve them out of the house! In this story, I am the toddler grand-daughter. My grandmother is straight up crazy but I have no memories of ever interacting with her. Any stories I have about her come from my mother, her daughter-in-law. Grandma is diagnosed bipolar. There are almost certainly a few other things rattling around in her head as well. When I was about 18 months old, my parents took a trip to visit Grandma. My mother was 7 months pregnant with my sister. The trip had been arranged for some time, it certainly wasn't a last minute thing. Grandma, her husband, Dad, Mum, me and my two aunts all sit down for dinner. Grandma fusses and flutters around, saying she doesn't know where everyone will sit. She manipulates the family members around the table, putting everyone in a place, apparently at random. Until it becomes clear that Grandma has been making sure that Mum doesn't have a seat. There's also no room for my highchair. A garden chair was brought in for Mum and she shuffled in to make space for me as well. Grandma, clearly slightly miffed, starts bringing out plated food. Every person is given a plate. Every person except me. At 18 months, I was on solid food and eating mostly what my parents ate. There is no food for me, and my mother's plate has about half the amount of food as everyone else. Grandma takes her seat. Mum: Did you make a plate for Lurlur? Gma: No, why would I? She's a baby. Mum: She still needs food. Gma: I know *that*. I thought she could eat off your plate. Mum: *looks mutely at her almost empty plate* Gma: You're getting chunky. I wanted to help you with that. Mum: I am 7 months pregnant! Grandma makes a smug face, but before she can say another word, my mum picks me up and walks out of the house. She gets in the car, straps me into my car seat and drives off, fuming mad. I, being a hungry toddler, make some whining noises so my mum finds somewhere to stop. She buys a big portion of fish and chips and we sit in a park to eat it together. Once we were full, she drove back to the house, packed up our things and told my dad that he could stay or leave, but she was leaving that night. He did join her, but complained about her ""overreaction"". So, there's an introduction to Grandma, name ideas? If this kind of post isn't allowed, sorry!"
So can the Flamethrower so can the pomson
Privacy Badger from EFF is better. Use Ghostery add-on and Firefox!
"Kya chutiya hai yaar! Indian hunts for Facebook lover in Pak, vanishes in Taliban land"
"Those two shows are nearly the opposite of what Misfits was in tone and limit pushing The idea of it being on Freeform and the whole reboot thing are minuses for this, but Josh Schwartz has made some of my favorite teen TV shows. He's the guy who gave us The O.C. and Chuck, so I have high hopes for this with him at the helm."
Ryan lochte lied for this Ryan lochte died for this
$alty* Nice spelling there. Seems kind of salty.
I think transmen tend to grow a good amount of facial hair because of the amount of testosterone they take to make the transition. MRW I can't grow (almost) any facial hair and my trans friend snapchats me a picture of him with a face full of stubble.
H1-B's need to go away Who's Hiring H-1B Visa Workers? It's Not Who You Might Think
"I mean, I don't think Dom knows what our roster is, so there's a chance for reignover and pob too. So this just confirms this *isn't* our roster"
Still more feasible than Melo and Durant basically being better playmakers than LeBron. D-Wade Sharing the Sugar
They don't teach satire at JNU Someone is butthurt that their party has been replaced as the butt of faking news' satire from the usual congress party. My reaction when that happens - write the satire yourself *bhosdike*.
"you would save the cost of the screen, labor would be the same, if not more since they may have to disassemble the screen further They can but it'd be the same labor or replacing a screen as the labor is exactly the same minus one connector."
"As awesome as this is, I believe something happened when they ripped it, most songs are missing the last 5 seconds of audio. OST Volume 2 is finally OUT~~~!"
We have a local turtle population year round in SD harbor and also a smaller group that's year round in La Jolla You saw a turtle in the water here?
"PUNKD images hmmmm..... So erm, what does everyone think of this?"
"That's it, then that was when Rose changed her name to Daisy and Gatsby became a mobster.... right? I thought he washed up on long island and began calling himself Gatsby."
fuck this is a good deal Legend blue 11's and Fire red 5's
"well, to calculate the thrust you will need the approximate volume of gas and the volume it's being compressed into, and then the diameter of the, uh, orifice it is being expelled from. If you could compress a lifetime worth of farts into a single fart, how far would the thrust propel you into the air? (if at all) I was pondering this during a meeting today when I allowed my attention to wander, anyone know/capable of working it out?"
"Then you and almost every economist ever are on different wavelengths. Personally, I see ""capital"" as the accumulation of good will that other people have for you as a result of doing things that they consider valuable."
"I have no idea what I'm looking at, but its pretty cool - I'm an engineering student, but i don't think I'm anywhere near being able to do that sort of analysis on Matlab! Plate with Boundary Temperature different on one Side computed in 4.7 seconds"
This was great Over 10 minutes of edgy Vine legbeards
"Yeah it's Hot Shots Golf in some parts of the world, and it's awesome :-) I believe everybody's golf is hot shots golf right? And yeah easily the best $5 game I bought haha"
Any other way to stream ? It's not available to stream legally yet.
Because it would reduce the cost of spending on the unwanted pregnancies? Ok but that's an argument for access. Not free access but just access. The question at hand is should it be at no cost?
"You forgot to kill Phil. How you know you want conflict in the middle east. Hook up Israel and Saudi Arabia with weapons, head back to the Winchester grab a pint and wait for this whole thing to blow over."
i really don't want to admit that because i don't like Delly but i have to give credit where credit is due. no he got bodied by delly
"Probably would require root Would be cool if you could give a permission to circumvent it. So in the case of your server app you just provide it with a ""bypass permission"" and it continues to work."
"I always love when your about to ace the team or clutch and Glaz ALWAYS ends up getting a lucky headshot, every fucking time. It was going so well..."
From my understanding of the ceremony it is the highest honor enlisted can present to an officer based on their contributions to the United States Air Force. What is a order of the sword? Ligit sounds like something from a zelda game
Infinitely more comfortable than the old hifiman headbands. Have you considered the HE-400i?
"Jim Kelly, resident badass 2015 NFL Draft - Day 2 - ESPN Thread (No Spoilers)"
Not to anyone who isn't in Bernie's camp He can say whatever he wants. He just comes across as a huge pussy who chickened out.
The two greatest Texans of all time That shot of Johnson and Watt...
"Capricorns can be like that. I had a boss at a cafe that was way into astrology and all things metaphysical. She changed her birth name to some weird combination of Native American and tribal African. She was convinced that someone was stealing her mail, so she started getting all of her packages sent to the cafe. This included about a hundred dollars worth of dildos, which she immediately opened and inspected for damage before signing the package. She no longer works there."
"i dont really see how he was being childish though, he picked up the novel and got an email basically saying ""yeah, we see you picked it up, but you are 1, we are many, so work with us or fuck off"" lol Neither as far as I know. They won't get together because one is a child and the other is a $$$Scumbag$$$."
Magnets? **HOW IS THIS EVEN POSSIBLE?**
"On a PC-like platform the store that sell you a scam software is probably liable for it. Depends on what kind of platform you want. I want a PC-like platform where I can just install something, even pay for it, and if I don't do any research first I'm boned. I don't want someone else deciding what I can and cannot install on my device. Yeah, they can stop distributing it at their discretion, but that was not ""facilitating fraudulent scam"". That's just making it easy to publish what you want to a large audience. If that audience isn't cautious with something like a virus scanner, well, tough luck. Google didn't tell you that you'd never be swindled like IndieGoGo did."
"Actually I had to drop my stuff off after the landing. ""I can make the landing, but I'll need to stop by the dry cleaners before we continue."""
Freelee? I eat about 5-10 bananas &amp; 5 apples a day. They all got sugar and I eat 1-2 cups of beans a day as well as 1-2 potato's a day. I eat a lot of sugar and fiber and I never gain weight. So eat more sugar and fiber.
"culture^TM stop coming to europe!!!!!!! you'll take away our ""culture""!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"UCLA lost their QB and TCU only has one big loss (WVU) the other losses were all super close if you saw the games. Do you really think those programs consider themselves ""signature"" this year? Maybe USC does but TCU and UCLA definitely have underperformed."
"My uncle at Niantic has revealed that the game will come with a nice in-game search function that will allow you to look up all the info on the battle mechanics. Battle Mechanics Has there been much said about the battle mechanics of GO in comparison to the 3DS games? I appreciate the graphics may have to be toned down so most people can play, but will the damage calcs, stats etc all play a part?"
"Fair enough, compromise Maybe just don't piss in lemon flavored Gatorade. Hit the purple or blue ones"
That's what she said. It looks really small but cute!
"He'd probably be too mad to finish his homework. A foaming fit, is my guess."
"Yeah but the fact that he has such a great chance of killing someone before he dies makes him a great addition to the team if you have enough breach-ability already. But thats all he has, he has no amazing special like thermite or sledge, he is out there for himself and not his team."
"How far did you have to push it to work today? Roast my First Car, a 1990 Chevy Lumina. I paid $500 for it."
Is the food chain a new concept? This kills the human
There's a reference? I got the reference for once. Well played sir.
"They probably just throw the new recruits into the pilots seats, I doubt there's even a pilots room or rank. I always imagine that there's one specific room where only pilots are; likely having a chalkboard overflowing with hundreds of scribbled In Memory Of names for dead comrades; and every conversation there always ends with *""It was nice knowin' ya, man.""*"
"that's because you view her as an object inherently worth more than a man based on sex It's amazing how quickly I switched from thinking about the politics to ""this is fucked"" as soon as she started crying."
"dang, scamp shucks boyo"
"The split certainly didn't help, but the Liberals survived Joesph Chamberlain and about 90 others splitting off to form the Liberal Unionists, however that time round the Liberals did not have to compete with Labour for the status of being the second party and they had the backing of the Irish Parliamentary Party Lloyd George founding a second Liberal party consisting mostly of members of his own family didnt help."
"I think so too, just a little bit. Looks good, sleeves might need shortening but I can't tell from this pic."
Like a highschool science experiment where you know the outcome because you read it in your textbook. TIL: Journalism is supposed to be approached 100% like a science experiment (if you had no idea how a hypothesis works).
Yeah true mouthbreathing at it's finest But they are actually funny in their stupidity and simplicity of the dialogue and ideas.
Hey bud Hi Evan
"Have you tried unpinning and repinning? The applications still open and work normally. I get a blank icon for non-domain tools like cmd prompt and notepad as well. And no, it's not a normal win10 workstation, it has RSAT installed and I put some of the apps into the start menu like that."
"Looks fantastic, fits in with the previously existing buildings (something which most architects don't seem to be able to do). Robert De Niro Gets Go Ahead For London Hotel - and it'll knock through 3 Grade II listed buildings"
"Yes and I'd imagine so, it looks a bit thrown together This makes sense (at least as much as fluid dynamics ever does to me). So under a ""imagine the sheep is a frictionless sphere"" version of physics, 3 and 4 overflow together; but under realistic conditions there are variables that cause 3 to overflow before 4 (or cause 4 to not overflow at all). I imagine the creators of the question weren't looking for that level of detail, though."
"I don't disagree that it's ridiculous, but it's still important to know. which is a huge misconception that needs to be cleared up"
You prefer crotch spawn dick pokey? We're calling it infant rape again?
Looks like OP forgot to switch accounts. Where is Jimmy?
"Fight as gladiators, it's the only true way. i'm a physics bsc and an orthodox christian now what?"
"It is a good thing though, a good bit of those bacteria are in your gut helping you digest your food. Thanks, now I wanna shower or throw up or something."
Yeah but Pepe is SUCH a cunt IMO LLoris; Sagna Koscielny Pepe Guerreiro; Kroos Carvalho Ramsey; Bale Griezmann Ozil Pepe and Griezmann tied for player of the tournament
"Never too hairy for me, I just love a super hairy man, so damn hot Do you prefer your S/O to have a shaved pubic region, or have hair?"
Personal opinion: maybe one or two more for his career Realistic option: nope he never misses Will Paul Pierce ever miss another three pointer?
People who are smart enough to take a terrorist's iPhone and reset the Apple ID before the investigation begins. Who trains the FBI?
How is it possible to have a high ft rating? Chris smoove had this problem and was complaining. Although it wasn't my intention i basically have a character with the same rating as him and have a FT in the high 80s so idk
Mom's spagetti makes my knees weak Show me your Mama's
click the link and create an account! How do I get in the chat?
Guess chinatown food courts are out for you. I'll vote for whoever forces food places to accept EFTPOS its ridiculous for anyone to go to ATM machine just to have lunch.
"I honestly see more ""use #spiritofchildren to show support"" than #spirithalloween, I think we might have 1 sign up for that one. I work at a Spirit. It's owned by Spencers, so that should tell you right there that it's a pretty shitty store. I'm not surprised to see that there are stolen designs, considering that they will sometimes sell ""generic"" designs that are, stitch for stitch, the same as licensed products. The thing is, they are really big on social media (there are signs everywhere about putting things on instagram and twitter). So if you want them to notice, start using some of their hashtags to bring attention to it, like #spirithalloween. That's my two cents."
Apparently getting sent to jail didn't put a dent in this guy's belief that he can get away with anything. Convicted killer Drew Peterson charged with trying to put a hit on the prosecutor who sent him away for 38 years
N I
"They generally don't teach HS how to deadlift, they'll usually stick to trap bar DL and cleans instead. Ouch my back! What are they teaching high school kids?"
"Big Nas is love; Big nas is life So, Big Nas was right about 'this boy being a full time criminal'?"
Wait...are the iron islands Cthulhu worshippers? That is not dead which can eternal lie. And with strange aeons even death may die.
"They can do anything, they just have to want to and then write it into the law, and then pardon them. They can't do this."
Yes but wallet chains are very much out of style plz no one wear wallet chains I'm starving Move to Rome and live there for a few months. There is absolutely nothing wrong with looking like someone from out of town.
Too dark for kids to understand hahaha Oishi strikes again!
"It's like a tiny little Hitler leading a big party of Nazis, dawww! How big is Will?"
"A lot of people all over the US make money off coal, because of railroads, however, there has been a steady rise in the railroads making money off natural gas, because of fracking water trains, fracking sand trains, and the failure of the Keystone XL pipeline forcing Natural Gas producers to ship it by train. A lot of people make a living because of the coal industry in that area. They're going to believe what pro-coal people say because they have a strong interest in continuing to have a job."
Trades? Zip Logo Windbreaker M White BIN $165
"Join powerlevel room What is the fastest way to get level 30? I dont wanna learn the game, just level up because its my smurf. Im level 7 atm. Should i buy xp boost?"
This guy needs to be taken out before he starts more shit! Erdogan: S-400 Must Not Shoot Down Turkish Jets Over Syria
You need to quit apps that you no longer actively use in OS X. It does not work like iPad. Should I quit apps on OSX or should I treat it like an iPad? How does OSX apps compare to the iPad? Do I need to quit them to save ram and speed up the machine or do I not need to worry about it and treat it like an iPad with the majority of apps running in the background?
No snitches Run off on the plug meaning rob em? Or rat em out
To each their own. It wasn't actually funny.
"Playing FFXI when I was like 13, I mentioned in linkshell (guild) that I was saving up Gil (money) to buy $ExpensiveItem, and the leader was like 'no you aren't, you're not someone who ever sees things through', and I didn't really realize it at the time but it fucked with me for a while What did someone tell you as a child to fuck with you, and you believed it for a long time?"
"LOL, I'm trying hard not to. just get older."
"I suspect he decided not to give the Congress too much credit, as they are basically just lickspittles that work for the Military-Industrial part. He originally called it the Military-Industrial-Congressional Complex, but changed it before the speech. It would have been more accurate."
holy shit Nav Bhatia superfan. Been to every single Raptor game in history. Yea. Every single one. Went to Vinces wedding.
"Because Putin is a disenfranchised minority who lacks a political voice and therefore deserves to be shown deference. Amen Really made him look weak, incredibly weak. Makes you think he'd melt in front of Putin."
I gay married a girl from a polygamist Mormon cult. Unique people of Reddit. What have you done that you think nobody else in the world has?
Frankie Cooks is the greatest show ever! Its not my bot. That's what I wanted to find out.
"I couldn't finish reading that article... they typos and fragmented sentences (especially in the captions trying to explain what we're looking at) turned me off. Strange Galaxy is 200 Times Smaller than Milky Way, But 10,000 Times Denser Than Our Solar Neighborhood"
Signed. Petition: It's Time to honour Erin Pizzey in the New Year Honours List
"Also pre check with tsa, speeds security up way faster You don't know what you're talking about. Flying was a ridiculous luxury that only the wealthy could afford. You can still fly like that, and you can do it for cheaper than you would have 30 years ago, it's called first class. Just stop choosing the cheapest option and then complain that it's not as nice as what you used to pay 6 times as much for."
Aren't they far out though? I. Kinda. Want. Those. :(
I'm not sure if you are trolling or just retarded. i think you might know some paedophiles mate. call the police before they hurt any children if youve got any sense of morality
"referring to Jankowski, not Backlund, right? tbh flames should have drafted him 2nd round"
"If you lose enough fat, any and all muscle mass will start to show up. Nature makes you randomly grow pecs."
If it had of been $16 with postage maybe. I hope to christ you're not buying this razor
"It really sickens me when ""progressives"" defend sickos like Grayson and Assange just because of their politics... So Alan Grayson's ex-wife has come out accusing him of decades worth of domestic abuse and he exploded on a Politico reporter who asked him about it at the DNC today."
UK: 40% non-desert barely inhabited 80% barely inhabited desert
Either way you weren't because they're fake... But I wasn't?
Tecknikal Deth Mitel speshial tectiks at it's finest.
"Mate, you can't... In the end they're supporting the same Financial Group though"
"Maybe she could spend more time without clothing to reduce the risk of transmitting the condition? I think the condition is contagious, I saw a guy the other day wearing women's clothing. You might want to stay away from her before you catch it too."
Same thing that happens when unions go on strike. explain what happens after we all cancel our insurance
"Assuming you play the amount of time that a healthy, productive member of society would. Nope."
"Almost Half of all the people in America who play games are women.. Hey--since you know Japanese I'm wondering if you know much about Japanese culture. Is it common for girls/women to be gamers in Japan? In America it seems like gaming is not nearly as common with women as it is with men (although, that seems to be changing in the younger generations). There's almost a stigma about it or something. I always wonder about this when I see this picture."
"And what pisses me off, is that he won many fights he shouldn't have by split decisions. Leonard Garcia. I fucking hate him with such a goddamn passion. I've never seen less technique and more just fucking throw punches like an idiot, than this dude."
And yet at conferences with men (presumably men with balls) that have to sit all day for several days (not just for a 30 minute commute) and do so with legs crossed or legs together because slouching and airing out your nut sack looks unprofessional and is disrespectful to the speakers. That's a fine just-so story but the more likely cause is that men have balls.
"I'm running my sister in law through SOTFS between 3, and it's still incredibly active. Most people play on sotfs instead of the base game (there is a server difference). I used to play the base game on pc and it was fairly active but it may not be as active on consoles"
"Do heroic strikes, they give your light +2 or +3 armor/weapons until 365. How the hell do you level up past 350? Currently at 349 and doing some record book tasks to get some gear/get engrams in the meantime. Every blue engram decrypts at 340, besides the odd 1 in 20 that becomes a legendary."
"go to protect them mineral rights and the trans-afghan pipeline. Lindsey Graham: Permanent U.S. Presence In Afghanistan Would Be 'Enormously Beneficial' - ""We have had air bases all over the world and a couple of air bases in Afghanistan would allow the Afghan security forces an edge against the Taliban in perpetuity."""
I am mod and I approve this message Fetty Wap - Trap Queen
yeah Infamous is pretty awesome Infamous was good imo.
"It's a lesson in ""You are not the boss here"" for them! I laugh every time I see that. I get the sense the cat was biding his time and had it all planned out. Kid never knew what hit him. There's another video I loved where a baby (too little to know better) hits a cat right in the face. The cat gets that mean cat face on and just lunges at the baby, knocking him off the bed and (I think) into the wall. I felt a little bad for laughing if the baby hit its head but it was too funny to not watch on repeat. Cats know how to fuck shit up."
"I dig the dabbuccino rig! ""Hey CannaChameleon, do you still smoke weed?"" Nope gave it up bud!"
Pay for training the street. (Freshman) Best resources/courses to learn finance/modeling... BIWS? WSP? Hello. I'm a freshman at Wharton undergrad. I already want to start learning finance &amp; modeling for this summer. What resources would you recommend? I'm sure others who want to break into this area would also appreciate answers. -Breaking into Wall Street? -Wall Street Prep? Etc. Let me know! All help is appreciated
"Thank you, my eyebrows are my biggest treasure But...your eyebrow game is so strong!"
"Book of tooth op {{ Kukulkan stats level 20 with book of tooth, soul reaver, rod of tahuti }}"
"If he was considering moving to a new country anyway, a young man might decide to make that his career. At that point then wouldn't you just be able to get a job doing your actual career?"
"Seriously, people tend to lose all of their fear in fight when it's fight or don't eat. Yeah, starving people are ruthless. You can be as big as a tank, but a 130-lb dude with a pocket knife can still kill you."
"It's not an attitude, it's a fact You'll never rise above your station in life with that piss-poor attitude."
"Absurd. I'm sorry you're bad at your job and have nothing to counter the points I just made besides insults. Maybe study a bit more before you put people's lives at risk? At the very least you're going to look pretty stupid if you tell another anesthesiologist that you can't use benzos in GA. **If someone knows more than you at your highly specialized profession, simply by being a patient, you've seriously fucked up.**"
"Are you sure his name isn't Raul? I had a friend named Clint in kindergarten (1994). I called him all the time. Then he got redistricted to a different school and his number changed, but I never got his new number. Ever since then I've been calling that number every few months and asking for Clint."
He also doesn't do ESL because his buttbuddy Thorin said some dumb shit and got banned. Dreamhack events only
Awesome! They usually get all the runs archived up on Youtube. It may not be immediate but it'll be up
"Nikon 35mm f/1.8 DX would be a solid choice (~50mm equiv.) Can anyone give me some insight into lenses that work well for night photography? I really am loving shooting at night and working around the limitations of my kit lens, but I really want something better. I have a Nikon D3300 for reference sake."
Very nice.. Where did he teach that? This is the danger of religious structure. Those desiring power will seek it and will be more liable to attain a position of prominence than one who studies the dharma for their own end. Did not the Buddha encourage us to spy on our teachers? For good reason.
I'm not good at calculus i need a calculator its simple calculs
Crash logs can definitely contain identifiable information specific to your machine. Just pointless in a case where there is no personal or identifying information. Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
Stirring up shit as always. Shazam vs ptr on twitter
"I'll give Danica this - in indy - she was pretty close to winning Indy 500 a couple times. Patrick might have been lucky to win a race, but Jorda was lucky to finish 17th (her best finish) in GP3. Look at the qualifying times. She was routinely 2 seconds slower than her teammates. We're not talking an also-ran. We're talking one of the worst drivers in GP3's history."
They are called exactly that in many languages. just a sea-dog
Other did? Nino poking fun at COL
"Book sales. He doesn't want to take a position that would cripple the presidency, except for the fact *he ran for president* Wat"
"haha what a page to hold up, lucky no one here reads Arabic. Gold writing on black silk"
"Metroid style adventure / exploration game If Microsoft opened a new studio, what kind of game would you like them to make? More interactive type games like Until Dawn, Tell Tale Games, Heavy Rain."
"Looks like Michael has narcolepsy Nevermind, I'm sleepy."
WE STARVIN FAM...... ALL CAPS PREVIEW VS BLAZERS
Still makes it criminal but I agree he should be pardoned. Criminal by exposing unconstitutional behavior by our own government
"Yes, if the cops break the rules, you can get off if certain evidence was obtained through the cops breaking of the rules. It seems what you are saying is that this is a get out of jail free card."
Imagine being this alienated. WAKE ME UP INSIDE !!!
"You say it like we all aren't gonna do the exact same thing. Gruden is going to masturbate to our game tonight, isn't he?"
I just go by Ron now. Perhaps start going by our middle names so we can hide from the shame?
Now THIS is the definition of Hen-REKT. You certainly don't. By the time he hits his stride Schneider will be icing his groins at home.
The Onion used to write much better articles Oh wait..that is someother site Why I'd want an exploding smartphone
"Yeah obviously, every time you try the light will burn you. Once you renounce darkness, you never go back."
What shoes are those? Chris Martin is now Spider-Man
What were they making up for? Makeup call
There are more planets in our solar system than brains in our bodies All the other planets in our solar system can fit the distance between the Earth and the Moon with room to spare.
CX needs more hammocks I like to bring my hammock with me
nice tits Tits out on a public bench.
The thirst is strong in this one! Someone's a little intense! This was our 1st contact.
"Come up to Michigan and you'll have fun with your car rusting in a few years. Bostonian here, I see 20 year old cars every day. This just isn't that much of a problem."
Not about his sexual prowess and status of confidence? Disagree we needed to know his age
"Yut RAH RAH RAH, HIT EM IN THE KNEE.. RAH RAH RAH.... HIT EM IN THE... THE OTHER KNEE."
"27 and 11 with 4 assists at the end of three quarters. Kevin Love has hit 8 3s, tying his most in a game (regular and postseason) in his career"
My wife found one on the beach in Gulf Shores on spring break. Officials Look Into Dead Turtle Increase Along Gulf Coast
But millions of parentals think otherwise. There are literally thousands of us!
I predict children threatening their parents if they do not sign a paper acknowledging sufficient visitation. China requiring people to visit their aged parents
"There's something about old covers that takes me back to childhood reading. Decembers comic haul, lots of new comics for my collection!"
"But then I have to AIM... rip Only $20 on Steam, and there are still a bunch of players."
They could sacrifice a few hundred OMACs to convert his body and mind into an OMAC How would he put down someone Who wont need a body to live?
"It's not even satire, it's propaganda, since they only attack one party. I miss when the show was just a couple kids fucking around and there were political plugs every now and and then.. now the whole show just drips with political satire and leaves me wanting the old SP back"
#rekt By having a one inch penis.
"I read somewhere that McAdoo didn't have one, forgot to get one, and had to get it done in a rush so he could travel. I feel like if the NFL has X amount of games every single year in London that they should mandate passports to every single NFL player in the league. It doesn't make sense not to?"
No but it is childish We shouldn't take for granted that we can tell the 2nd in command to go fuck themselves and there is no legal recourse. It's not like that everywhere.
me irl *Shh you're thinking too much just enjoy the nonsensical fluff*
if you are an ignorant racist maybe she comes across as an attention seeking bitch
"Rarity is a double fliter of Stars and type, so it's easy to find captains. Best way to organize your friends list? How do you guys organize your friends list? I've gone back and forth between FAVORITES and just strait P-LVL. I only go to TYPE when I have to. I know I'm looking forward to the global update to get us to bring captains you are using to the top, but in the meantime (next 3-6 months), how do you best organize?"
"Epic madden tournament The 5-year-old, 15-year-old, and 25-year-old versions of you are living in an apartment together. What happens?"
Fucking moron. Global warming hmm?... Yeah I believe the lowest ever recorded temperature was recorded just like a week ago...
"Yeah what you are doing is not what AE is really designed for, even if it can be done. Ok so I'm encoding something with AE right now for a video. Super slow, but, to be fair, I did put a lot of effects/objects in the space. . . I'll show you when it's ready. Maybe there's an easier way. The hardest part was trying to manipulate these objects, and, especially, the camera in 3D space."
"Well if government no longer represents the people, and instead only listens to the money of big business, then it is the duty of the people to create a new government that serves them instead of the oligarchs. The regulation makes it impossible to unionize. If you want to collective bargain, you must take your petty wages and hire a law firm. The other option is to pay part of your wage to a established union. In the end, the employees don't see much different. Maybe its harder to lose a job, but the pay increase has been skimmed by the people who lobbied for more regulation. In 2016, there are too many laws to count(literally impossible). The proposal above is idealistic. The reality is, there are so many politicians, so much money in big business, the government would never let it be easy to unionize. If you remove one law, Washington would be back with one 10 times worse."
"Seriously, when did adults and teenagers become aww material? Please don't let this be a thing mods. Please."
now fifi has a companion! Boeing B-29 Superfortress: Bomber Plane Makes 1st Flight in 60 Years
"i haven't fired it up yet (mostly cuz tired after work), but how does it compare to ETS2? Deserves it. I'm absolutely loving it. I'm just sitting here with my Logitech wheel, listening to some mixes, podcasts, interviews, and driving in one of the most beautiful games I've seen (maps, size, detail). And damn it is relaxing. The engine noise, the starry sky. My god."
Thats because everyone else picks him up before the heroes even show up during picking. I have never been solstice actually
don't jinx it or he will get his ACL torn :\ Wow that's really exciting. I think we hit the jackpot with this kid.
The same reason Bayern's home stadium is called Allianz Arena Why?
"Drugs are fun. Yes, but I would submit my case is substantially more than a feeling. Realize that your brain is in control of your perspective and alter it as needed with chemicals."
"It's really not, lol. Nah, it's just easier for gals to quickly improve their appearance"
So what causes the energy in the first place? Exactly. The whole thing about sugar making you go crazy and bounce off the walls and such is actually a myth.
"So what you're saying is that you want Mojang to fix all your mods so that they work in multiplayer, for free? True, but most mods don't work in servers wich is the only mode i play, because lets be honest here, Singleplayer Survival is boring."
Yup Nope
Hitler did warn us Jews ? Really ?
Well he *does* have a point..... Bad Stuff: Samsung has a history of failing to update phones on time -- S Voice is no less of a gimmick than Siri. He really couldn't find anything better to bash the Galaxy S III with lol
"It's a vlog. Wait, was this post just removed? I see it tagged as personal blog. It's not a blog, it's a YouTube video. Direct source."
"Accel only matters when your pulling them, or on screens is acceleration important for the offensive line? Steve hutch only has 72 and a lot of good o lineman have really low accel and I'm wondering if that has to do with pass blocking at all"
"30 days if i bought a bot with theese coins, can i use the bot forever or only once? and how many coins does it cost me to get a bot?"
"more like ""Douchbag Leo"" Good Guy Leo"
Only one? China's navy seizes unmanned US Navy vehicle in international waters of South China Sea
me too thanks This has always been my favorite meme
Aw I get it now. *whoosh*
"Black literally caught Raging Goku's punch with 1 hand. I don't think hes stronger than Goku, hes just entered Goku and Vegeta's league, Goku got defeated because he got critically hit with black's ki blade technique"
Zimbabwe! That's exactly what Sheldon would say! *Penny puts her hands on her hips and scowls at Sheldon* *Sheldon smiles* HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
My fucking sides... /pol/ on Boston
"Its been rock solid for me since release, not a single crash. E:D Crashing constantly Is anyone else having issues with constant crashes? I love this game, and would really like to play without crashing every hour."
Haha good to see Keegan-Michael Key in this. Sketch from David Cross &amp; Bob Odenkirk's new Netflix show premiering next week
"Weird, reddit keeps telling me Japan must accept millions of immigrants (preferably Arab or Black) in order to fix it's ""continuing birthrate decline"" Japan's birthrate has been stable, or you might even say rising, since 2005. While it will take a long time for the elderly to make way for the young, it looks like the birthrate decline has bottomed out a decade ago. Meanwhile, Korea is struggling with a similar problem and in about 20 years China will be in a similar position. Fun time in E. Asia."
"hybrid trap, neurofunk, festival trap, festival trap. Skrillex - Ease my Mind / Ragga Bomb Remixes"
24 fps has the good effects because it is cinematic. To be fair a lot of what makes 60 FPS look so good is how fluidly the lighting affects change across the screen.... but I guess if you're on console you don't even have those either...
"I like that you gave Exeggutor the One Punch Man-face After replaying Blue version, I decided to draw my final team."
"I never really cared for them tbh, out of all the house guys on MC the only one more poppy and obnoxious is vicetone Project 46 - HOME (March 6th)"
"For all its faults, Saudi Arabia actually has quality higher education in scientific fields and it's a pretty popular choice for students. In defense of the Saudi royal family, the Saudi population cranks out university grads with degrees in ""Islamic Science"" who are basically useless to the economy and end up being just another hungry mouth to feed. Better to ship 'em off to somewhere, anywhere else and let them play their game of cowboys &amp; Indians ... er.. jihadis and infidels."
"The real reason to say it's dying is that it does very poorly among millenials and the baby boomers are rapidly aging. getting a little tired of hearing about how ""Republican Party is dying"" on this website all the time MOST of the governors of this country are Republican MOST of those state legislators are Republican dominated The house is Republican majority and will stay that way for... The next 10 to 20 years? I don't know The Senate is currently Republican majority and may or may not stay that way right now. Projections for 2018 show it will likely swing Republican either way And thanks to gerrymandering, and the fact that poor white Americans consistently vote against their own best interests, this is likely to stay this way for the foreseeable future The Republican Party is NOT dying."
I don't see a mustache. The guy in the trailer has a mustache. And it looks kinda reddish haha I don't think glen could grow one
"Uh oh, I think I'm getting sick too... coughcough... definitely can't fast now, nope nope. I literally can't I'm sick and and can't fast. Not that I have to but know my family won't judge me. But then again I live two states away now for 8 months out of the year."
"Sadly no idea, PM em with a kink? How do you report something to the admins?"
Clearly a case of kids who didn't pay attention during DARE in school They each injected two before going on the crime spree
"Columbus was an invader and a mass murder, I understand why they changed the name of that day. They already renamed Columbus Day. I wouldn't be surprised!"
Don't try to talk to girls this instant then I'm farting from laughter :&lt;
"Oh, huh, sorry about that. Uh no. I am the Leader of Arado Squadron. We fly the Lord's holy plane into heretics :P"
...good luck with what? K. Sony dropped the price because the new model is built more cheaply. Good luck though
fuck Knockturn alley = nocturnally
"Kicker. All the cuts are done. What is your team in dire need of? Now that the cuts have been done and the waivers are open. Some trades have happened, but what is your team in dire need of? Reason I am asking is because the Saints have no kicker what so ever. So this made me wonder what do the other teams really need?"
me too thanks I love this so much
"Read the book wicked, it explains a lot about how she keeps clean, lives life etc. If the wicked witch of the west melts if she gets wet, does that mean she's never been aroused?"
Yeah I was with him until the three forms of ID bullshit Harassed By MPD
Expert political strategists. Don't forget economists!
Yup. Do you mean specifically in East Ramapo Schools?
Let's hope Agbonlahor is out wide and not Kodjia Team to face Norwich
"AB InBev control rarely, if ever, means good things. It's insane how old Bosteels is. Hopefully this only means good things, like more Tripel Karmeliet for me here in the US. AB wouldn't dare mess with such historical recipes..."
So hardcore It's true. I just smoked a joint.
"Ya, I was thoroughly impressed with the beta, and read some of the tweaks they made based off of player input make it sound better then bo2 (the last good cod imo) Ah, now that we understand each other. I could probably more or less agree with you. I also think the simple fact that Blops 3 had a Beta proves it will be a good COD."
"Deep fried bbq pizza..and yes it does taste good Add the words deep fried to the last food you ate, how unhealthy has it become?"
"1 out of 3 people will die, however the other 2 will also die unfortunately. My doctor told me that ""1 out of 3 people who start smoking will eventually die."" I guess the other two apparently become immortal."
Apparently neither can you Piece of shit thugs can't control themselves
I've always thought the line was finer between Ryan and Jim. Everyone who thinks they're the Jim Halpert of their office is usually the Andy Bernard.
"That was adorable. My 4 year old Nephew got some Amiibo for Christmas. He insisted that we make a video ""like the ones you make"". Merry Christmas!!"
"Yea, but see, the thing is, you are talking about *real* people. What the fuck kind of planet do these guys live on? I have both male and female friends. What kind of guy or girl would let you borrow his/her LAST $20? (unless it was some serious emergency situation). Also, most of the time it's men who laugh in other guys faces when they get embarrassed more so than women. Any decent human being would help someone who's in a burning vehicle if they can. Some people are more generous than others, regardless of gender. I know tons of guys who wouldn't bend over backwards to help, and I know tons of girls who would help out if they could."
"No, that was the eternal update that came for the original binding of isaac I thought Afterbirth was free for Wrath of the Lamb owners?"
"Fuck those people. ""Of course they were trying to run their best candidate. Bernie Sanders wasn't even a real Democrat."". That's all I hear from my friends."
Is it dead already? i dont model dead memes
Try hodor Try hoarder
This is so accurate. The correct term is Coffee Party (seriously).
Or use unblocked dot one. Just prefix it with an HTTPS...
"I loved that entire episode. The Van Gogh scene gets me every time as well. The actor there is simply brilliant at conveying first the shock, the realization and finally the understanding of what happens to him in the future as the curator talks passionately about his paintings."
"I see, many thanks. I dont think you should be downvoted so much, it just seems like you dont understand. Imagine you were in band with the Beatles, and you were playing the guitar. Now imagine the Beatles are playing along, and they sound great. They are perfectly on time. But whenever you play your guitar, whatever you're playing comes half a second after the Beatles, even though you're strumming your guitar on beat. It'd be impossible to play along properly with the band. Thats the problem on Android. Music producers deal with this problem all the time on computers, but on a computer it can be fixed."
"It didn't lead to rebellion when they **did** try it, so what's different now? This is the one that reasonably could be attempted to be outlawed but any attempt like that would cause a revolution."
nkosi sikelel iafrika He did nothing wrong... except help people He's like the Nelson Mandela of this sub
lol Botched my all white AJ1 mids
"Origin wrapper - updated how Origin interacts with BF3, AlienFX - fancy color-changing keyboard backlight on Alienware laptops Eyefinity - AMD technology that lets you play games on multiple monitors This is one of the times I don't understand anything at all from the patch notes."
"x=0 and kill the flyer, works just fine but MOST of the time... Yeah? What if you have less than 7 mana and they have a bunch of zombies and a 3/3 flyer you can't deal with?"
Dude I fucking love Lovejoy The Reverend BEAUTIFULLY explains Pens mentality in game 4. On the ice with Pierre pre game 4.
Especially the part about Courtney Love leading a successful life... There is quite a bit of awful stuff in here.
"Life Alright Reddit, time to vent. What do you fucking hate?"
"I have one on my left bicep and one on my right bicep that are symmetrical to each other. I have random spots on my body that grow a single strand of thick, wiry hair (they're kinda akin to the same build as pubes). There's one on my arm, one on my abdomen, and two on my legs."
"I want an easily moddable civ, easy to import models as well as a dedicated Civ builder While Civ 6 ideas are ripe for discussion... A small problem I've had with Civ games is how barren the landscape feels around your cities. The implication is each square or hex represents thousands of acres of land, yet the only thing present in said acres is a random improvement with no signs of villages or hustle and bustle except in your capital. So here are some ideas to make Civ feel more like a real society. **Aesthetic Changes** * As your civilization grows in population, you see villages form on the outskirts of your improvement. The larger the improvement, the larger the village. * More action on roads - vehicles going by, etc. After you build your first airport and with open border agreements, planes can be seen flying in and out of your region. * The policies you choose reflect how your civilization develops aesthetically. If you're building a wide empire, you'll see tons of villages. With a tall empire, they're fewer yet larger and more centralized. Militaristic, towns are walled and military can be seen patrolling the roads. If policies change, aesthetics change too. Towns can go away, crowded roads become deserted with threat of military invasion, refugee camps form around your borders if your neighbors are under siege, etc. Any thoughts?"
Tell me again how bad cops are rarer than a unicorn. Another sad case where a good cop trying to do her job and the establishment shuts her out.
Removed for being illegal Help with Dolphin
"you don't scroll, you click on the minimap or use unit hotkeys like queens once again, the people who think they are so much better than everyone because they use core/grid/fotm hotkey system that is ergonomic and just so fucking good think everyone should adopt their pseudo-intellectual bullshit and being comfortable is not a factor in playing It is physically impossible to scroll faster than instantly."
"Hey man, we don't have to talk about Football season if you don't want too /: Its better to not get your hopes up than to get your hopes up and then realize you really weren't any good"
"All you need to install an AC is a window and a power outlet. Also, there is not a lot of space to install A/C stuff into those buildings. Especially houses. Newer houses have the infrastructure, and that's more common in the US."
Does that not spoil your ballot? What to do when the local politicians just don't cut it!
"IIRC churches don't have to show their books. I'm a bookkeeper in education, I know what a non-profit is :p.(most annoying open book test ever) I wonder if churches are as much scrutinized as non-profits in that case."
"Hell yes, when going out for a steak is normal and not a very rare luxurious treat, I'll know I'm doing really damn well for myself. I consider myself rich/wealthy, though most of you would likely not think of me that way. I have a professional career, but my house is not paid off and neither is my car. Fortunately I do not have any college debt thanks to a very generous public education system. Why do I see myself as rich? Because I probably have more in assets and lifestyle than 95% of the global population. For all I know, I might even be doing better than 99% of the rest of the world. That does NOT mean I am even in the top 20% in the United States, where I live. But I understand I don't just have to look at my immediate neighbors (who might not think *they're* rich) to realize how well off I am. I have health insurance, home insurance, car insurance, and a few others. I could survive for some time if I suddenly lost my ability to earn a living, and considering how wealthy my state/country is, I could survive beyond my own means for some time beyond that. This security is much greater ""wealth"" than most people in most nations can even approach, and it is even despite the horrific costs of our healthcare system. I am also years away (probably) from worry about whether I would have enough healthy food to eat, and clean water is basically free. And since we're talking infrastructure, how about easy access to electricity, Internet, and other utilities? I certainly have all of these, even if I didn't have contracts to bring them into my home. In light of all this, I consider myself more than lucky, even blessed, to be so wealthy. Hopefully I donate enough (for at least I can), and hopefully I help others enough (at what point can I be satisfied that I am doing enough?). I am happy to pay the taxes I pay, and I am moderately okay with it even if they were raised some. ""Sharing the wealth"" via government is not a bugaboo to me. The best thing: having once been below the poverty line, I regularly think about how nice good food tastes, even if it is like a roast chicken or a good cup of coffee. These are luxuries. The worst thing: I am beginning to see other family members start to think of my financial stability as reasons to mention their own needs (thinking somehow we might share some with them). It is a new thing to deal with, and also hard not to be affected by it. Hopefully I will be able to avoid the temptation to think somehow I wound up ""better"", when really I just found a way to somewhat better circumstances for now. Someday we will all be six feet under."
"I don't think he's really implying anything, just presenting a ""hey guys look how fucking crazy this shit is"" kinda deal. I'm not sure what the OP is trying to imply... The state government evacuated the town... because a mine fire generated harmful amounts of carbon monoxide."
I woke up my parents :( Bisu wins an incredible base race vs Samsung Shine! Watch the next games!!
"Oh man, i forgot about this comment... Never realised how close I was to eating my pubes Tagged."
"Tom found a way to get in her warded room anyway, so you could say a glitch will make her time all for nothing I'm just waiting for Sonja to find out that Tom's planning to ban spectre and warding. It took her an insane amount of time to get all the resources together to be able to ward. She got really frustrated at points, but she managed it, and now he wants to tell her that all the time she spent working on it was for nothing?"
Off topic. More ammo cost IRL. RN going old school
"T1 Bolt, T2 Remand, T3 Blood Moon on the draw is still going to be pretty problematic for Burn if they don't have a hand stacked with monored spells. On the play a turn 3 moon might be a good play, on the draw it's pretty much guaranteeing your own death if the burn player has sequenced well / kept a good hand. It's also closer to 12 or less cards which have a splash, and furthermore I think the nacatl version is a pretty awful choice in the current meta against eldrazi, without it you're looking at like 8-10 cards that are splashed, some which the burn player should have sequenced first in many games."
"I think their point was that encouraging censorship in an academic environment is not conducive to productive or honest discussion. feminists encourage censorship in their own private spaces, yes. i do too. i bet you do as well. if someone says something in your house that you very strongly do not like, like insulting your dead relatives for instance, you are not going against some universal principle of human interaction by telling them to get the fuck out or shut the fuck up. free speech, like most principles, is not to be stupidly and dogmatically adhered to. we can recognize when a speech act has no value but to incite anger and silence it thusly. feminists (generally speaking, not internet SJWs on reddit who wank all the time) are not trying to silence criticism or controversial speech. they're trying to silence low effort bottom of the barrel bullshit like r/n***** or other racial slurs."
Give us the list of points you have been thinking of as a starting point .... Could you please elaborate on women being vastly inferior to men? I've been starting to think the same thing but I'd like to hear for thoughts.
Aw man I was hoping you'd name it Garrus or something. Picked up Dragon Age for free on Origin. Just had to name the dog this.
Probably something to do with Te-Ni. How are your speech prediction abilities? I'm able to predict what a person is about to say very easily most of the time and not even after they have spoken a few words. Is this an ENTJ related skill or irrelevant?
"So if you don't seek state power to protect your rights, what's stopping a mob or someone with a bigger gun to take away your property? I don't seek state power to protect property rights. I see the state as the primary violator of those rights. If we had a limited state that served to protect basic rights I would be fine with that, but I would just like to see the state not abuse it's subjects."
"""Pla plate"" is styrene Pla plate"
Probably I'm the only one who thinks that they look the same?
"Cops are there to protect the exploiter from the exploited He's underage and not allow to work , then they shouldn't hired him , this is an obvious exploitation of worker , they should be arrest for this."
"Fair enough, I don't really want to drop $120 right now.. But at the same time I love this game so fucking much it's hard to resist. You can pre-order up until the game comes out yeah. Not sure about the other stuff"
"Even more so after the ps3 had free background-choice Wait, so I have to pay my money to change my background, pathetic.....just pathetic."
"Predator Drone Aerial shot of natural gas house explosion that recently happened in Long Grove, IL"
Also having them valet your car. Using Breitbart to fact check Trump is like hiring Bonnie and Clyde to guard your bank.
This comment deserves to be seen by more people. space heater
"The only STEM emotion is IMPOTENT RAGE. Omg they are so sad. Or not-sad, because they are emotionless... Idk anymore."
It is horrible that there are places on Earth where people are killed for simply speaking their mind or expressing themselves. Nahed Hattar shot dead: Prominent Jordanian writer charged with offensive Facebook post killed
"Why do you like it though? Are you calling me out? I am not a satanist or atheist. I like it. That's why.. Why do people have ""69"" ""7"" ""3"" or and other number in their name? Either it was automated or they just like that number. Ain't nothin wrong with liking what I like if thats what I like."
Peace through superior firepower. Peace through power!
"unironic XD, downvotes are well deserved. no tolerance"
"Agreed No need to argue. They both turned into their own thing, and both were great."
Parts of it at least... Isn't taking down the government what the average NSA-jerker wants though?
The same claims are made about culture too. White flight is deadly because it's irreversible. If you try to reverse it you just get gentrification
"Buying the Endless Snow globe Finisher in 2013 only to have thousands of 5 use snow globe finishers drop during Wintersday 2014 ;~; No worse than them saying ""finishers will only be back on rare occasions, get them now!"" Then shoving them in black lion chests right after."
Sri Mulyani after Jokowi ye ? We need economist as president.
"After this failed attempt, did the US legal system awarded or punished GM? Back in the 1960s, General Motors tried to discredit Ralph Nader by having a prostitute solicit him at a grocery store, and then later, trying to prove he was gay. Not that that has anything to do with a certain anti-corporate/military crusader today."
"You can say your dick is any size you want, that still doesn't make it true internet creepers. My friend has a new admirer"
"Two bayos in top 64, one in top 16 that seems pretty good but not crazy Is Patch 1.1.5 and 1.1.6 one factor into CEO's upsets? By that, I mean the no real definitive best character by far anymore"
Looks dope imo The TRIPLE WHITE has a GREY STRIPE in it for Ultra Boost
Or dangerous levels of smug Has the Clinton's house been checked for carbon monoxide leaks?
"With a VLIST. How do you keep tracks of VLANs? Hugh L2 network, VLAN configuration inconsistent on devices (yes it is a big mess). What tools do you use audit vlan boundaries? some situations the solution should be able to handle 1) identify vlans serving no purpose. If a VLAN has no edge port or L3 SVI, and I am not providing L2 transport, what else can it be used for? 2) spot irregular spanning tree root, match stp root with hsrp active 3) handle/identify discontinuous vlans... it gets quite confusing when their are multiple spanning tree roots for the same vlan, only to realize they aren't connected.... To make it worse, I have no idea what the VLANs are used for or who's device is connected to my network.. Remove the VLAN and see who complains is not a viable option..."
"No, Schmitty Werben Jeigermanjensen was #1! He was #1!"
"As I read 36B wale I thought it was a couple lol *to be wife*, if i get any good match :P"
"Op isnt a thief, it was just a really low effort unoriginal comment. Good job pulling comments off imgur."
That This
Started working! Unable to connect patching server What to do?
kevin duckworth and that ass are in it to win it. Which NBA starting 5 could consume the most hot dogs in 10 minutes?
"Here's a third. Here's a second. The names are harder to read, the colors are too saturated, I have no understanding of how these colors work (I understand their significance but not how they refer to different people other than mods). Don't explain how they work, I don't care."
Helix Wingardium Leviosa! I opened the comments hoping someone would explain how to cast whatever spell made this
KappaPride Winning an Ely stake fight and reaction.
I zoomed in really quick and then had to zoom out to check that you were not in fact Leonardo Dicaprio The one physical attribute of mine that I have true confidence in . . .
Go Go Power Warriors LGW
^ Approved Your IDs are now being made. Wait 15 - 21 business days for delivery. Basically just try to forget about them or you'll get too antsy and want to email him several times- which only shows him down.
"It puts the lotion on its fur. ""I'm afraid your cat has rabbits"" ""Rabies? Oh god! How did thi-"" ""No, no, not rabies, *rabbits*. Your cat has a mild case of rabbits. Just apply this ointment to your cat daily; It should kill the rabbits and their eggs within a couple of weeks"""
Burn it to the Ground (Sonic Dx) I HATE MY JOB; WHAT EPISODE SHOULD I WATCH?
"Holy fucking crack dance, batman! Rob Ford Bar Video"
"Fleshlights You have an unlimited supply of anything for 1 hour, what would it be and why?"
"You didn't have to give the descriptions of yourself in the title, we can tell just by looking at you 21, lonely and living off of government handouts. Do your worst."
So what if it is? Isn't this the guy with the piss fetish?
"Problems with memory, bias, bad interview techniques and all the issues around our trickster brains are my primary interest in this case. The New Yorker - Article on Memory (You Have No Idea What Happened)"
"Is the correct plural of ""penises"" actually ""penii""? The average man has more penises than a woman"
"It's not exactly Sanders' version of socialism, because at least the Nordic countries are smart enough to not have minimum wages, not have as many state-sponsored unions, and don't have massive tariffs and barriers to free trade. That's exactly what Bernie Sanders' version of socialism is. Capitalism with a massive welfare state. (with the eventual plan of replacing the entire system when it collapses under the weight of said welfare state)"
"I don't give a single flying fuck. How do you feel when people call you weird? I get called weird every so often and I never know how to take it. I ask people who's normal and they name people who they find normal, but I just don't know how to respond. I've never once called anyone weird and I've met a lot of people so yeah...I just don't know. It's like when you think about alpha males, do you think people have ever called Clint Eastwood, Brad Pitt, and James Dean weird? Your thoughts? I suppose it bothers me in a way to where I think that it kills my chances with women, ya know? I feel like women don't want weird"
Where is it? The Scary Aura Amoungst Nothingness....
Look at his per 36 by far the bestseason of his career. 2011-2012?
"You don't see it because the mods delete those posts. I guess it means the rule is working well, but what would be an example of political stuff? I'm guessing something like ""Donald Trump vs a snail at being the worst presidential candidate"" but I've never actually seen one of these posts in the sub"
"It will look at you the same way though... forever^and^ever^and^ever I've got the same one! Good BBQ's, but thanks to you I will never look at him the same way again..."
Lol nah it comes from an old need for speed hot pursuit soundtrack. Is your uncle also the source of your username?
"OS X has had good, useful, working gesture support in one form or another since 2005 or earlier, so don't hold your breath. At least manufacturers have started making bigger trackpads for Windows machines. The OSX gestures are fairly new so I hope Microsoft will notice soon."
It's either in the process of traveling upward in its little arc or the guy who drew it sucked But why is the water droplet upside down? That's what I don't understand.
Start touching his penis. I never know how to bring up the subject or how to play out/turn on my SO while he does it for me. Which is ironic cuz we do a ton else but... Idk. Always wanted this
too bad they got caught in the net. The Danish equivalent of the Navy Seals
Was at the wrong zoo So close!
inb4 guest star cool cat Make me doughnuts
"get a room you two Well, he's trying to invalidate the argument of older members that being short isn't death when or comes to dating, well because they're old and times habe changed. But ypu're 21, doing the same soo he can't pull that anymore"
"impressive. holy fuck, I even uploaded that. i just reposted my self"
"classic dan, always muckin about. Alright Dan"
"You don't dive at him and reach down to touch him, but not touch him too hard. What if you're five yards away and the QB looks like he might try to get up? We're asking too much of defenders to make these split second decisions in real time."
"wut Careful, it's dangerous to handle that edge in the shade"
And still gives the Sheen proc He will still be fine top - dont forget his Q gives him extra AD and W AS so he will still rek turrets
"Bless you for helping your mom She lives in Maryland, I am in North Carolina and driving to MD tomorrow to pack her up and move her down here with me to get her healthy (in her own place nearby). That is why I have been on the phone with her so often, trying to help her get certain affairs in order before I get there to help because I can only be there for a few days to prepare her for the move. Trying to get her to do as much as possible on her own. She is much more lucid today, and accomplished two of the three goals we set for her, so hopefully me being there in person will help reduce the stress of the move. Thank you for any advice."
"Yes, don't be like Texanada or Minnesomalia. Missouri - please show the GOP that you're not their tool"
"Where has he explicitly said that? He's explicitly said the opposite, where are you getting this information?"
This is actually a pretty kickass idea Redneck Ingenuity At Its Best ...
"Aye, there are literally heavier lights in the game. I'm saying that the BatChat can be studied to see what a tier 10 LT would be like... Because it is one."
"With roof access, too. Not just above any bookstore. It has to have a doorman too. I don't think that exists in any city."
He flies coach. And I am sure Bernie's bus and plane run on unicorn tears.
They killed my WIFE! He also plays the wife
"Any old computers, mice, keyboards? Any old stereo equipment, speakers, or records?"
"I'm an Englishman in New York ""We gotta pump our military before them there aliens invade."" - Abraham Lincoln to George washington"
Adult tonsillectomy What is the worst amount of pain youve ever felt?
"Dynamic, Zoom at 14, Height at 11. What camera view do you use? Just curious what camera view most people use to play FIFA. Is one better than another for controlling shots?"
"I don't think so. Do we need to say it's a donation, in the comments section? Just asking for tax purposes on your end."
"I hope you find the person who will love you in spite of your history and be an amazing source of support to you in this journey That would be ok I guess, it's just difficult for me to not believe that you weren't judging me. I had something called Exercise Anorexia, meaning that I would exercise to excess in addition to not eating very much. Being around someone who talks about going to the gym will slowly pull me back into going a lot. I would need to tell them all about my past (which I don't like doing with men, having baggage like that is a giant dealbreaker) and to watch out for me and make sure I'm not slipping back into it, and that's too scary of a thought for me to process."
"It was far from offensive and hardly inappropriate. Right, that could have been worded much more appropriately and you know it."
Muslims gonna muzz... Adding 'Airline adverts' to the list of shit that Muslims get muzzed about...
"I wanna shove my penis into an asshole, gonna be an arid day. I feel like being rammed up the ass today, guess a cold front's comin'."
She was my favorite female character season one I would love it if she stuck around as a not-so-bad guy!!
"GUYS I FOUND THE PCMR NERD Eh, comes out on PC in a month or so. Best to wait for non-30fps version."
"The reason they don't do this is to prevent vote buying, which was a problem in the past. Every voter should get a tiny slip of paper when they vote that has a number on it which matches a number printed on their ballot. Every voter should be able to look up their own vote by that little slip of paper and verify that it was recorded."
"If there is one thing I've learned, it's that there are no easy bets. No 'easy' bets? Not quite what the headline implies - whenever I place a bet, it almost always never goes smoothly. The amount of last minute (or at least last 15 minute) wins I've had has been crazy. Anyone else rarely see games with any/many goals in the first half?"
That's horrible too soon.
As long as worse players aren't being used instead I don't think people will care as much There's going to be a lot of anger around here at this rate when this team is contending and good prospects down the road can't crack the line up and are used as extras. Frankie is unlucky due to the Leafs injury luck.
"I'll just add that the Peashooters shots have way more range. Why is the engineer and its variant's weapons so much stronger than the peashooter's? For example, the base classes, peashooter does 10 splash and 25 direct damage but the engineer does 20 splash and 35 direct. So what's the engineers trade off for having a whopping 10 more damage than the peashooter on splash AND direct? Just one of the many unfair things to the plants I wanted to bring up first."
"And you certainly don't want to let kids near said paintings lest said paintings be accidentally fisted But they're like a famous painting. It's privately owned, but put on display. You can pay to see it, but if you touch it you might get thrown out."
what brand name? You'll probably want to remove that brand name.
Rekt Maybe you think that because you objectify women. No one is there to get or give a boner. You go there to not care. Maybe you will understand when you are older than 15.
"if i was playing, overtime would not have kicked in. The Bad Guys never expected this"
"They can go straight to Hell! TIL the National Hot Dog and Sausage Council (NHDSC) says it is unacceptable to place ketchup on your hot dog after the age of 18. Mustard, relish, onions, cheese and chili are acceptable."
"Cause I'm a silly sausage, I forgot to block out a couple of usernames when I submitted this before. You can't handle the Creep!"
"MrFijiWiji - The Mentalist, Cynical, Let Me Out; Stephen Walking - Short Shorts Mitchell Claxton - Fire Vortex Atmozfears - State of Mind Pegboard Nerds - Bassline Kickin, Bring the Madness; DotEXE - Inside Out Songs you used to hate, but now love? Mine are: Get Crazy - Muzzy Au5 - Snowblind (I thought random stuff in the drop was stupid, but now I love it) Au5- Inside (I didn't hate it, but didn't love it) There are many more (but I can't think of them)"
"...guess not and, did you?"
But that would be copying HotS. Are they serious? What next are they gonna put the map sideways?
"I'm pretty sure the not paying taxes part is illegal, though. Restaurants don't have to follow the same rules a lot of other employers do. Granted some of this is illegal, but some isn't. No breaks? That's okay, restaurants aren't required to give them, no tips? That's okay as long s minimum wage is being received by the employees."
"That and they still see video games as a boy's club. MRs really brought her fame upon themselves. Her prominence as an anti-harassment activist/internet civility warrior is one of the most perfect examples of the Streisand effect ever seen. Also I think that the reason they think she's Queen Feminist is because she's the only ""professional feminist"" they know. Gloria Steinem, bell hooks, Julia Serrano, Leslie Feinberg, and anyone at their level has never crossed their radar, and they're completely unwilling to look beyond their pallid island of ignorance by actually researching the state of feminism as it exists outside their fever dreams."
Click the button the other user posted. This doesn't happen for me. I cannot get back to the main screen once I get to this screen. I can't advance through the game atm.
I prefer Xi'an women. I rate 5/7
Loving the transitions. Was contracted by Penny Arcade to make videos for PAX East. Wanted to know what you guys thought of the first episode.
"Get your gear set up, check strings and any other preliminary checks, put on costume, load up gear Why does Ollie always grab the bow first when getting ready to head out? Every time he's going to ""suit up"" I always get really peeved. I'm like, ""but you're going to have to put the bow back down to get into your gear, why did you pick that up?!?!"""
"I've lived in dorms, Never had this issue. Yeah people seem to be missing that this is probably some kind of student housing. When I was in the dorms I'd get knocks from people and have to explain they were probably at the right room but the wrong floor."
"What did you think you were doing when you called me a ""dumb shit douche"" for bringing actual stats into the conversation? Who was arguing?"
PCPartPicker man. Sigh. I noticed this when I built a computer in 2013. I've built my last 3 machines from Amazon. The only thing Newegg really has going for it anymore is it's vastly superior search capabilities. It's got categories and specs down better than anybody else I've seen.
"He said TRIGGER everyone. Wonderful trigger discipline, what a fucking piece of shit."
I would love them. Dang! Missed WTXMAS by one day!
Caiden confirmed to be collaborating with HCF irl Phacad3
"But I 'm sure he can see the business opportunity of renewable energy, and the idea of not having to rely on foreign oil is an attractive prospect. Trump doesn't believe in global warming though, unfortunately"
"Arent SP and LS stackable? Don't know the exact mechanics, but I assume it is not additive, but multiplicative chance. So 0.3 + (0.7*0.2) = 44%"
Pretty odd because I notice Novak fans with the highest upvote totals... It's sickening to see this. Novak Fans and Roger Fans alike are downvoting everything that doesn't follow their views.
"thx, googled her and I couldn't find anything about her 'investing skills' lol Katgunn. She is still another one of those boobie streamers on twitch."
"Think about all the money they can rake in Has Supercell come out with action figures and toy buildings, defenses, walls, etc.? My kids are too young to play CoC, but would probably love building toy bases and playing that way."
Murder on the Orient Express - Agatha Christie What is your favourite book? Whats your favourite book and why?
"google how to join madokami looking for a site to download epubs i used to use freezinglightnovels to download epubs, but now that the site is gone, does anyone know where i can download epubs?"
Sorry this isn't a throwaway account and I'd rather not say. where is the cafe?
"You couldn't see their address, you could only see the last 4 digits of their number which is useless. you could see their credit card information, tellephone nmbr, adress etc"
Cellulose Cauldrons. Ent crematoriums.
"You are so vendor agnostic, may Gaben bless your soul. All those people posting their GPU timeline... time to post my GPU+CPU timeline! (8120x1040 - 5MB)"
Obviously our children are getting smarter with each generation. Why Catholics are leaving the faith by age 10
But what if you're taking picture of an LE display for information purposes. Sweet. Maybe it should say no in-store product displays at all for clarity!
"I know, but his twitter was just as much of a shitshow all through the election this is 3 years old, but yes."
"The article says that he spoke with Chip That'd be impossible, considering he became the 9er's coach a month ago."
Someone is projecting hard. Plz don't be one of those moms who sleeps with guys all the time with a kid... that isn't good at all for the kid. I knew a kid whose mom would hook up with random dudes he went to school with...
Personal attack much? Because you are bad at reading charts and understanding basic currency?
"make sure the wii remote is paired with the mac via the bluetooth settings before pairing it to dolphin I thought so too but after pairing the Wiimote to the Mac and going into Dolphin's Wiimote preferences, the instructions say its supposed to recognize it and the Wiimote should vibrate. That doesnt seem to be happening, just flashing wiimote lights."
"I don't want to be alarmist, but I saw a lot of cases like this on the subway -- I think your dog has a hard drug problem.. All tuckered out"
I thought this was IGN ratings. I finally did it!
It's the guy! Your right I fucked up.
"It is possible to believe in global warming and its effects without believing in man-made global warming. ""I only believe in it when it suits me."""
"As a fellow activist once told me ""the worse trolls are the serious ones that don't even realize they are trolling"" Oh I know. She's so bad it's like she's trolling except she's serious."
"Mustache looks boss. My 5 month old - not sure about the moustache, its a bit wild... (apologies for poor quality photo)"
"i7 4790S Best cpu for Alpha R1? I bought the R1 Alpha model during dells July sale, and I'm wondering what my best bet is to upgrade the cpu in it. It's the i3 model so it's kinda low end comparatively. Looking to put in an i5 but I'll go for an i7 if availability is an issue with the low power t series CPUs."
"Wow you sound like a tool. Just saw the other comment you wrote that the guy who responded to you linked. You're not a Chelsea fan, and scum like you aren't worth any time at all. We'll bring this riveting debate to a close here, I reckon."
GOAT Chalmers Who do you guys think is the best player Erik Spoelstra has ever coached?
"Not a bad time to say you can pick up odd 105 bits here and there once you have the shifters second hand for not too much money! Sora to 105 is a huge upgrade, provided it's even worth it to do it on your frame. I'd probably grab the PM crank for now and start saving up for a solid 105 bike for the future."
Moore Tyra who???
"Another case of people buying stuff without reading the finer print... Just bought the Arena REQ Pack, do I get access to the packs I missed?"
"I am sure he's not selling it for this price, usually on Ebay sellers put the price high up like that so nobody would buy when they run out of stock so they don't have to pay for the listing fee over again. Damit, this is why we can't have nice things."
bakuman has lied to us :O The Truth About Weekly Shonen Jump Rankings!
Gamergate is also about censorship. This doesn't even address my question.
Wet Hot American Summer What are your favorite Roger Ebert reviews?
"Skree PANDA PANDA PANDA ""YOOOOO I'M ABOUT TO GET STABBED THIS SHIT'S HYPE YEE"""
"In Soviet Russia...Ring sols you I'm looking for a Russian Sol Ring... Have any of you ever seen one or know if they're out there? I mean, I'm assuming the pre-made Commander decks are manufactured in Russian, as I've seen lots of Russian cards floating around.. But several Google, TCGPlayer, and eBay searches have led me to believe otherwise."
"If only we had you as a dictator, ur clearly enlightened on the topic. Yeah, I seriously do not understand why this is not happening yet. I'd expect parents to fill this role, but if they are the problem then then the kid's school could be the only place for it to get through."
"Pretty much all of those rules seem to come down to poop, actually. Rule #1 is pretty straightforward"
"A community meme would also be ""29 for sure"" where the player called Reynad would lose his team, Tempo Storm, a game in the Red Bull Team Brawl where he didn't count correctly lethal (bringing your opponent to X health to 0 in the turn by counting all your available damage recources). What inside jokes/memes would a person trying to get into Hearthstone have to know? I'm mainly a dota 2 player, we have all sorts of memes there, I wanted to start playing hearthstone so what should I know to be a better member of the community?"
Darwin award nominee. 2nd Death in Less Than a Week from Subway Stunt Gone Wrong
Same here; uuggggghhhhhh a lot of tooth drilling this time around. Just FYI to the people who really cant stand seeing that.
"Why is it a secret? No one at work knows we're seeing eachother, so he had his fingers crossed that no one would tell me on accident over the phone. All the night guys know we're friends and they think I'm getting paid."
"My books must have had their batteries die because I don't remember that. I don't know if you're joking, but it's the theme to Goosebumps."
"She wants to spare him the horrible truth? Why doesn't Dolores whisper ""these violent delights...."" to Teddy? She said it to Maeve. Has she had a chance to say it to anyone else? If so, why hasn't she said it to Teddy? Does she *love* him too much to subject him to the horrible fate of remembering his 1,000+ deaths?"
The happy little tree is actually pretty good to heal in the laning phase imho At that point in the game I think that's why turning the branch into a tree exists. 25 gold is not going to make or break your game if you just turn it into a happy little tree.
"No, but they have a fan who dresses up as a train conductor! Please tell me their nickname is the Choo Choos."
I'll run for political office so I can get more street cred A crazy billionaire in your country has just given you your comment karma in cash. How do you spend it?
"I know here in North Carolina illterate bearded men have been a real problem for the last couple of decades atleast. No it isn't. Globalism is half way through ruining all that Judeo-Christian values have established in the West by letting several million illiterate bearded men into our nations. That is bad. As such, so too is globalism."
Stop studying lol. damn I'm trying to study but it's not working lol
And that costume jewelry isn't helping. Those dirty ears...
"Highjacked does not mean its deep in the ocean ""duh"" ? What do you mean? Investigators concluded it was highjacked"
I just went from 6 to midnight New Blood in the Old School
That witch is flying very low to the ground. Where to start...
"My stereotype of the peaceful, mindful buddhist has been crushed. The UN human rights chief has called on Myanmar to condemn a Buddhist nationalist monk for calling a UN special envoy a ""bitch"" and a ""whore""."
"thanks a lot man, that'll be my internal bloody mantra for about a week now I fink you freaky and I like you a lot."
"I can still connect to VAC secured servers though, what gives? Sorry to say but the untrusted is an automated anti cheat system for matchmaking, you got caught cheating. Its a part of the overwatch system, but you were not convicted by them. as sad as it is, it cant be lifted, and you probably deserved the ban."
Dont care ill take it 7-0 victory anyone?
"The songs grow on you too, wasn't too impressed until a few days later when I found myself humming ""You're Welcome"" Moana. Fantastic Beasts is good but Moana is just incredible (to look at, has some fun songs to boot)."
"Yeah I was trying to get the question out before I went to work so I could look at the answers during my lunch break, but I was actually trying to see what people's favorite domestic shows are and how they compare to the most popular domestic shows in said country. I agree it's a poorly worded question, but I think what he's asking is how popular foreign shows in your country compare to popular domestic shows."
BBW: Black Babushka Woman Ohhh Donna.
*than People still complain about mini-sentries? minisentry : im worse then scorpions
"Not this shit again Well, this settles it. The new Tomb Raider is the best game ever created."
Apparently you don't understand the difference between kilowatt and megawatt. It's 2.8 PENNIES Not $28.
Good review - well done for going into what *doesn't* work! Samsung Galaxy SIII with CyanogenMod 10
"And don't forget the car chase You definetly fucked up, the last two fight scenes (One leads straight into the other but I would still count them as separate because of separate opponents ) are up there in the best I've ever seen in film."
"So, did you attempt an emergency deceleration, or did the gravity of the black hole force you out of supercruise? My very first encounter with a Black Hole (HIP 63835)"
Yeah Am I the only one that wants to try those supplements?
"This is the right answer As far as she wants to go because I'm a horny, teenage boy."
"Harry Potter and the drug bag fuck of ron Add ""Harry Potter and the"" to the first thing you think of. What is the plot about now?"
"The wording ""With battery life like this, I may stay on Windows 7"" implies that OP would update but the battery life makes him stay on Windows 7. It was a joke based on the obviously impossible laptop battery life."
Poutine au fromage. Bonjour Poutine!
Yoel never guess what she named her other kids! Fuck that mom for naming her kid Yoel.
Aww poor Gene Roddenberry. Pretty sure that spaceship is the Andromeda from that shitty Kevin Sorbo sci-fi crapfest he starred in after Hercules.
I *creamed* Toy Chica's creampie
"I see... Thank you for the clarification. If you read the whole thread, it becomes clear that she was suffering from hormonal imbalances exacerbated by multiple meds that were wrong for her. The title on this post is what's miseading, not the OP's full account."
Standard scoring I like Miller more 12 team. Yahoo Standard. Since I have to sit Ellington I'm having a tough time making a decision. Lamar Miller vs New England OR Danny Woodhead at Arizona Or drop one of them for Dwyer
"Don't slide down on crazy. Is there a female equivalent for ""don't put your dick in crazy""?"
LUL LUL
Doesn't count.... she's a cheese. Nice one.
"What the hell are you saying? I can't believe you've done this. I gave you a golden gift, and you spit in my face."
I want to give her the baby oil rub down before her fights. I just want her to sit on my face and crush my head between her thighs.
"I wouldnt call hatching trash ""Luck"" Seems luck is on my side!"
R2? (Political) The Tyranny of 'isms' by jarredspekter on DeviantArt
Thank you very much :) 2PM to 3PM EDT Every Thursday
"For the lazy ITT: Lots of people saying the England football team will perform shit at the World Cup and Scotland will stay in the UK. Any 2014 Predictions? Gove been kicked out? Economic projections revised upwards again? EU USA free trade negations start making head way? Scotland remaining in the UK? More EU debt problems? EU elections? Just a few topics of thought, I bet iv missed a really obvious one though."
"This is like actually good advice. LPT: If you see someone crying, ask if it's because of their haircut. Be as sincere as possible."
"Narrated Ibn `Umar: The Prophet ([](/pbuh)) said, ""Authority of ruling will remain with Quraish, even if only two of them remained."" Can you quote the hadith please because I can't find it."
For You Reynolds is such a nice guy
It's too accurate. Full Render of Banner Nightmare Foxy
"""a matter of great principle""... This will not fare well for Mike Baird. NSW Premier Mike Baird confirms backflip on greyhound racing ban"
More evidence to suggest that the 2 party system is the fucking same through out. Republicans and Democrats agree on austerity.
"This is brilliant, thanks for the laughs. Takuma Asano, its our problem free, philosophy, Takuma Asano. TAKUMA. ASANO. TAKUMA. ASANO."
"Thanks! Send a check to: Bernie 2016 PO Box 905 Burlington, VT 05402 There are some rules under Federal law, you can't give more than $2700, and if you give more than $200 I think they need your name, address, and company you work for, apparently they have to keep track of workplace 'bundlers'."
This subreddit and the downvotes. What do you think is one of the most controversial aspects of UCI? Let's have an honest discussion.
out of the way stupid Sigh..
"Oh, I got it when it first came out, and held onto it for Black Friday/ Cyber Monday. That was OOS soon after it was released."
"Lol? I would drop FNS and sign shahzam, but that's quite impossible"
"It's not really comparable, back then a few of the climate scientists thought that cooling might be the problem and now almost all of the climate scientists think that warming is the problem. I think that maybe his point, today's science is global warming back then it was cooling."
Cards have been recieved. Your 54-Deena and 64-Pudge for my 25-Al and 68-Clyde?
"Amazing, way to go I'm a 'C' I also use around a 37 size of medela flange."
But... it breathes for you! Just one tiny detail: figure out how to breathe in your new apartment.
"A country in such disarray you would expect the US to be there weaponising a cartel to take over the government TIL that in 2014, more people died in Mexico as a result of armed conflict than in Pakistan or Sudan, both regions with active, military conflicts."
Fold! Crumple or fold? Toilet paper
Pixels. What movie would be improved by Arnold Schwarzenegger replacing the leading man? ?
Oui mais pas de femmes. Y'aura des enfants ?
"Oh sure, but recite the 4th Amendment and there's cops within minutes. TSA forgets to call police for six hours after finding suspected pipe bombs in La Guardia airport"
"You need to download the Amazon version of Hearthstone, when you try to buy stuff through it there will be an option to use Amazon coins instead of gold or real money. So i did it and got credit, but on android app it shows 0.00$ on pc AMAZON GIFT CARD $0.00 AMAZON APPSTORE $10.00 So how i can buy packs/adventures?"
"I just realized something as well... it's completely possible that Quirrell was stronger than Snape.... it's also possible that his magic was being aided by Voldemort's magic... but it could be that Quirrell was actually a badass and better than Snape (which is why Snape's counter wasn't effective). I just realized something. At any time instead of trying to counter curse Snape could have just punched Quirrell. Even a little push or something, and it would have saved a lot of trouble."
"LMAO that's the most pathetic thing I've ever heard Johnny Mac made some passing comment how he didn't like Nicole in one of his preseason interviews and Nicole holds a grudge to this day. She apparently got Andy to call Johnny Mac one night so she could talk shit to him. She felt accomplished and bragged about it on the feeds. John said he didn't even realize what she was doing, he thought she was just saying hi and was drunk, lol."
"All I remember is Jeff Gordon winning and the sun had just gone down, making his paint scheme look really freakin cool 2005 Daytona 500. All I remember of it is Wimmer's flip, though."
"Mirror's Edge was absolutely amazing.And it still is Looking back, what games were ahead of their time?"
0 Giveaway: Fallout 4! Comment a number between 1-1000. Winner to be picked in 5 hours!
"Tomatoes are my TRIGGER, shitlord! A tomato killed my father you SON OF BITCH.....BANG BANG!"
"Toss my salad, dude. Shut up you racist twat."
"No..... Would it be possible for someone in Eastern Europe to play NA? Just wondering since I have a close friend who wants to buy the game and play it with me, but he is currently in Croatia. Anyone from around that country ever try and play NA region?"
"Hornets, Denver and Sacramento also seem to have our number. The Chicago Bulls."
"I'll start doing them, thanks! Do push ups on your knees until you can do a proper one. Seriously. It works. Consistency and motivation are the keys."
"Yes and it would be interesting to discover whether people pick jobs based on their last name because of simple subconscious suggestiveness, because their family has a long lineage within that occupation since old times (nurture) or if people are biologically predisposed to want to have that occupation, or are better at it due to some trait inheritance (nature) In some countries, people got their last name based on what job they did right?"
"Yeah, that's not what's happening with Title II, but keep spreading that FUD. Net neutrality is anything but what the title suggests. For crying out loud government wants to regulate the price!"
And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge.
Try tap clicking. They all have large trackpads now. Right click bothers you? I personally get annoyed at mac's trackpads because on occasion as I press it moves just a little bit. If you're trying to do something precise it's annoying as hell.
""" Leah you just lost lead role in MI 6 and King of Queens movie franchise for a silly documentary "" - Space Aliens I mean she was basically raping herself -Scientology"
Like the actual ranking will look after week 17. Eagles at 3 and Giants at 31!?! I like this a lot.
"Kinda still learning, but TIL that lol How do you expect to get it then? :P"
So brave. IamA guy that has a BOYFRIND. DAE gay rights?
"Nah yer grand. gentrification the buying and renovation of houses and stores in deteriorated urban neighborhoods by upper- or middle-income families or individuals, thus improving property values but often displacing low-income families and small businesses. Lets talk about this!!"
Do you still go there? I trained at Hamlin and it's legit. When you shop the gyms find the ones with the highest concentration of mexicans. They're super serious about boxing and that'll let you know it's a good place.
"They actually spawn in the wild down there? Portugal, almost under the bridge Salazar aka Bridge 25th of April, in Lisbon"
app is for tablets too What about tablets?
"Best vampire movie evah. One of my favourite scenes in 'Interview with the Vampire' with Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt and Kirsten Dunst"
SHUT THE FUCK UP Donny from **The Big Lebowski**
"How to guide, PLEASE? my 360 degree tnt cannon"
"I tend to go 25 (K) and 10 (D) on average and I still get pissed off for some reason. Playing on tilt. Anyone else get those days (or even weeks) where every decision you make in gunfights seems to be the wrong one? Or where, because of whatever reason, you can't aim, or you're dying at what seems like an ungodly speed? Been dealing with that the last couple days. Been losing free for all matches constantly and raging at this game for the first time in since I before I finished dark matter."
AC is a rarity in Europe. I can't live without AC in the summer. I don't mean to sound like a spoiled yuppie; I cut back in a few ways over the summer to afford it.
"ggs hell of a team right there Congratulations to your CWL Stage 2 EU Champions.... Millenium do it again, despite having a poor online season and coming in as 5th seed, they defeat Infused 4-2 in the final!"
"Yeah a few angles of difference can mean you sling shot or you burn. It's actually surprisingly difficult to get to the sun, not quite as easy as just ""falling"" into it. It's next to impossible that it would happen by accident, like debris from a probe or craft drifting over there, and I couldn't find any instances of an object being intentionally launched into the sun."
It's entertaining to see how much salt he can spew within 20 mins How is he entertaining to watch? Not exceptional in skill and he seems like a complete douche. Can't make it through more than 3 minutes of him talking.
"A wizard did it. First Contact movie, how did they return to the 24th century at the end?"
Can I pretend I don't care about the Lions? It's kind of a shame I only give a shit about baseball.
Don't ruin it. American guys are probably gonna upvote this too much
What is this PFA Premier League Team of the Year
"or the fact this most of reddit is male. Haha don't worry I gotcha. Ppl always assume ""gaming"" = ""some dude"" but not always. I noticed that reflection and some of the household items."
#helpmeobiwan #hashtag Is air erosive to the surface of our planet? Could we have a mountain so tall that it breaches our atmosphere creating a wake chasing the orbit of the planet?
Well you know those pesky experts with their research and studies... Whatever decision happens in the UK right now will be *'..... we will all pay the price'* Everything is the worst thing ever and the sky is falling in
"If there's one team that would know about being another shitty team after their best player retires, its definitely the bulls. soon he will retire ... and yall will be just another shitty team [giggles]"
"Auto correct can go pluck my wary squalls. I think you meant ""opportunity""."
"The non-circular form of this argument. I've always wondered how the people who bought into the ontological argument reconciled it with Plato's theory of forms. He basically said that perfect versions of something (""Platonic ideals"") can only exist as ideas. For example, you can draw a circle, but it will never be a perfect circle. The only perfect circles reside exclusively in the mind, and can never be real. Essentially, Plato would say ""God is perfect, perfection can only exist in the abstract, therefore God doesn't exist."""
"midget porn &lt;3 There's 2 versions of me. There's regular me, and then there's Incognito me. Delete history."
My OCD was kicking in for the misaligned picture frames and the non-centered spotlights. I had to look twice to see it. There's a pipe running underneath the chair in the center of the photo.
"I think it was more the dead parents thing. I don't recall, but Lilo herself was arguably borderline autistic."
"So, spiritualism is an innate trait? Innate means natural, unless you we're going to be born Muslim or Christian regardless of what you were taught it's not innate, it's learned. What you are saying is that spiritual belief maybe innate to humans on a societal level, that's two extremely different things and what you're saying is completely irrelevant."
What I get for browsing Reddit on my phone! I just thought I'd let you know that you replied to the wrong comment.
"I'm gonna call it ""Crazy stairs!"" Art Stairs"
"Maybe he's just cosplaying as a douchebag bro? I met this guy at a church retreat. He doesn't even look like a neck-beard... He's actually pretty hot. Six-pack, defined chin, plays guitar, works out... He's socially awkward though and is always posting ""otaku"" and MLP stuff on his profile."
"In 4th grade, one of my teachers duct taped my friend's mouth shut because he talked so much in class. In regards to the recent podcast, what has been your worst experience with a teacher?"
"Those ""common moderate Islamic views"" are pretty radical in western society, and there in lies the problem. There is no moderate islam"
"You can't acquire a Bengal, you can only occupy. Depends on the Alien ship. And Bengals can be acquired. Therefore traded. =P"
THERES MORE! BUT JUST WAIT!
"does the Shiseido website ship to Australia? this might be a stupid question, but does anyone know where to get decent lash curler pad refills for the shiseido lash curler? preferably online with international shipping (im in aus and for some reason they don't sell the refills in store here). i'm in need of a replacement!!!"
Is it doxxing when the information comes from the past 2-3 pages of a user's Reddit profile (and one Yelp search)? is this what doxxing is? is it still doxxing if no one is angry?
"Thank you for explaining this more thoroughly! I believe it's a portmanteau of ""schmoe"" (meaning a foolish and naive person, usually a male) and ""Mosby"", because that's Ted's last name. So a ""Classic Schmosby"" is where Ted does something stupid and embarrassing in a way that's completely typical for his character, usually involving some kind of romantic situation."
No backsies! ugh i miss themmm
"I know, it fits lore, they could just pick better bodyparts I think.. I hope they at least re-make him into full tank with better options. Dehaka gets bodyparts from other heroes. Back thing from azmodan and nosehorn from anub"
"know this man... you were there to kill people,she better human being than you are. What I told my soon to be ex-wife last night"
"oh god, this is happening Shh, no tears, only memes now."
"The weird dash thing you do in cars really threw me off :/ **Sleeping Dogs** Finally getting around to playing it. I gotta say the story and the setting so far are really doing it for me. I'm getting into this game more than I have in a while. The driving is fucking *terrible*, and the combat is a bit clunky, but I'm looking forward to playing the rest of it."
Someone needs to install adblock Youtube mirror anyone? You cant skip past the fucking ads before the video.
"And Spiked, whose editorial team is dominated by libertarians, is *not* reactionary...? ""Labour has always been the party of a reactionary elite"" - Spiked Online"
That's actually pretty funny. A new type of peasantry.
"I know its not too old but, god I want a remake of Elfen Lied. What older anime titles would you like to see rebooted/remade and why? If you had a choice for any older anime series to be remade nowadays what would you pick? What about the original run of the series would make you want it remade? Did the series have a good concept but bad execution or could it have just been improved by better animation? Discuss! Personally, I'd pick Tenchi Muyo! Yeah, I know there have been a few remakes and spin offs, even fairly recently but I'm talking about the original 1992 13 episodes + Ryo Ohki OVA cannon. It is one of my favorite series and has some of the most interesting and unspokenly epic mythos around (yeah, my space ship is a tree that's bigger on the inside and actually has mountain ranges, hot springs and fields in it, no big deal). Unfortunately it suffered from Evangelion syndrome... The ending, while sounding really badass on paper, ended up sucking horribly in execution since it was so rushed and a bunch of concepts were just thrown at you in a couple minutes time without a clear explanation as to how they related with the rest of the story (reading a wiki really helps a lot with understanding it though). I'd love to see the truly epic concepts that they tried to incorporate fleshed out completely and delivered with the grand impact it was supposed to have."
Lizard Squad where you at doe? 9gag needs to be ddos'ed or hacked. So fed up with this bull shit
"They banned porn previously India banned freaking Imgur for a time. Soon countries with censorship laws will only allow websites where you communicate with Emojis, because every site that uses pictures or words might be used for hate speech, propaganda or other illegal stuff."
thanks man Mad grammar yo.
*Applies shitty sword to trickstered area* NOT WITH A BANG BUT WITH A WHIMPER? AW COME ON IT'll BE FUUUUuuuuuuuunnnnnnnn~~~ :DD:D:D:D:D:D:D:D
"is it possible to have a negative neck I always say, Barry Bonds is very similar to Mike Trout. Imagine Mike Trout on steroids."
No he doesn't. You look like you draw furry porn. Do you draw furry porn?
The posters in this thread dismissing this make me sick. Child-porn victims want damages from those who view the images
We need a hearthstone_irl subreddit. trades into C'thun feels bad man
"The only thing i have complained genuinely about is the Last of us and uncharted not coming to the xbox because those are fucking awesome ass games. It's funny, us Xbox one owners rarely complain about some of the cool exclusive games the ps4 is getting or have gotten."
"13 episodes x $185k per episode = ~$2.4 million Damn, if every subscriber of this sub pitched in $100, we could just buy a season ourselves. ""*NBC was only paying $185,000 per episode to air Hannibal, a minuscule fee when most TV series command per-episode fees (known as ""licensing fees"") in the seven figures*"""
He was terrible on the Mavs. Darren Collison for the Clippers is no slouch.
2920+ Currently upvoted almost 700+.
"This. I'm confused now, too. I thought the implication was that they were to ask for ID from OP because he was obviously over 21 and would pass the check easily, but to forgo it for OP's girlfriend so they could get her money even if she wasn't old enough to purchase. If they checked his, people would think they were doing their jobs, but they'd lose money if they checked hers (or so they thought). Now OP's response to you has me confused."
"you throw the eggs for a random chance to spawn another chicken? wait, what? sorry, that reply doesn't make sense to me. i made one exactly as pictured, with pressure plates on both the top and bottom levels, but eggs just hang out up there with the chickens and nothing automatically hatches. i'm so confused."
TIL Victarion is a drowned man I thought this was Victorian.
With the rumor it might be a reality: New Gods What future DC movie do you want to be shot with IMAX cameras
"Yep, they will be in! Nice! You'll probably need to get those disks in to appease all the hardcore assembly coders, though!"
"I don't know, can you? Unfunny stupidity and racism. I can wish can't i?"
Tbh that could happen anywhere in the world I hate Brazil. My friend went down for a bjj tournament and got sodomized on the way home.
"490 What ""Seventy Times Seven"" Means"
"I wasn't there but from the Facebook page, it seems it was oversold, long lines for beer and bourbon samples, very little bacon, and a lot of stuff required pay beyond the $75 ticket. What happened at 4B yesterday? I'm seeing some chatter about disorganization, people looking for refunds and breweries offering discounts today to those who attended. Anyone who was there want to enlighten us as to what went down??"
"Gasoline, my friend. If you could have an unlimited supply of one product, what would it be?"
I'm pretty sure it was. That clearly isn't relavent to the question the OP asked.
"TEST flagship? Getting the answers to the real, important questions"
"""Honey, you have to sell your sport car, we need more room for the kids!"" I was told this belongs here. Soccer mom by day, street queen by night."
"I think it is default unless you are in a group, then you have to switch over to team chat. It's not default? No wonder people are not listening ._. On the other side I've met like 2 people during my pugs that use a mic. I gave up solo queue now and just trying to practice with a team."
"I don't have a Boston accent so your last sentence is misguided. You're so tunnel visioned within the confines of your city and region people already know not to take people like you and people of your ilk seriously. The fact you follow me around doesn't do you any favors in terms of you trying to claim you're the sane one. Maybe try to experience other regions of the US or other cultures? Nah, Boston has it all or am I getting a bit too ""smat"" for you?"
I second this motion. Next all star game he should be forced to wear a giant bunny costume just for shits and giggles. Imagine a 6'9 giant pink bunny takes 1000 mph slap shots in the skills competition.
"Yep that's her Wait is that Erin Andrews? Wow, shes been my celebrity crush for years."
Bat Boy? The funk is that photo from?
Oh shit now the mods captured Tits and Ass guy too? wot's all this then? run along now children lest i call the constable
Wouldn't most of it be burned off by the heat generated by the impact/explosion? How would this affect the atmosphere?
Tupurrware Tupperware party
I don't know much about Lenin other than what he did so I can't comment. I don't believe for a second that Lenin really wanted to establish communism. The Bolsheviks just used communism as the carrot to balance their stick.
Guess I'll try my luck as well! Thanks for the four free beta steam gifts!
"Must be from the future, I don't get the reference yet Self portrait"
"What are you going to do, if they don't go 0-28? doesn't matter they will go 0-28 anyway"
"Be a model like this guy. How, like just how do I live that lifestyle. I graduate high school this year and will do literally ANYTHING to live like that guy."
It'd be crazy to see Tormund not wearing his wildling clothes Isn't Brienne her father's only heir? Wouldn't this potentially mean that Tormund could become lord of the Sapphire isle?
don't put that voodoo magic on us! The Stephen Ferris prize for being perpetually injured goes to SO - Fucking - B
no u. Fucking u too.
"So theoretically, you could blow a hole into a meteor, launch an ore probe into it, and see what's inside it from pretty much anywhere (within reason) right? Ore Detector can broadcast info to/from Antenna So I'm not sure if this is 100% a new feature I just found, or if it was something I've overlooked in past builds, but there is now an option to allow the Ore Detector to broadcast what it finds in asteroids into your antenna network. Simply put, you can now build ""survey probes"" to touch down on asteroids and scan them of their contents (so long as you keep within antenna range)... I'm pretty excited about this update, despite the limitations that cameras are at now, lol..."
You wouldn't be caught dead *in a hat*? I would not be caught dead in one.
So that's what those solar panels are for... Notice the SAS ring to control the ship 8000 Dv 15 Kerbal
"Does downtown do fireworks for the 4th of July, or do they only do New Years? 4th of July fireworks? New to OKC, wondering what is happening for the 4th and where is the best place to view fireworks?"
"That explains a lot, I originally quit playing because my pure archer felt so weak and lame to play, but when I came back it is so much more fun now! Yep, NBs are probably in the best spot they've been in since launch. Stamina builds in general got a nice buff recently, so I'm guessing you'll have fun with it. :)"
"I think he was referring to the update to Tribes, which they were able to work on again because Smite was such a success, of course for a lot Tribes players it was a lil too late major update to paladins ?"
"Don't remember her being anti lgbt, especially not in recent history. You know who else has traditionally been anti-LGBT? Hillary. Does that mean she'd have been the worse option to vote for? Not necessarily, because people can change their stances on matters such as this. I'm not saying that Trump will, but I am saying that it's not all doom and gloom."
"Wouldnt there be one in CUP? Mi-28? I don't know if everyone just forgets about this beautiful helicopter, but why isn't there any mod in Arma right now? I know there is a WIP but it's discontinued I believe. Actually quite suprised that the RHS team isn't working on one right now."
"It's legal so they get tested regularly by the government. I'm too paranoid about the STD's, man....):"
When I think classic I think Vegas LVHC would be fucking awesome as a name though. Super simple and super classic. Have a really interesting classic logo and it would work really well.
Looks like a fancy PC mouse. Saw this cool vehicle outside my favourite breakfast place.
"""It's his fault you assaulted him"" -Reddit Who the fuck sleeps in the bed with their sister and holds her hips? That is super weird. Why WOULDN'T you assume he was cheating on you?"
Welcome to the gang! Left Audi to join the club. I'll be here for good! ('13 W204 C63)
"Since vehicles are practically invulnerable to small arms fire, this is a welcome addition. ... Great. Who here isnt looking forward to the tons of kids calling dibs on the sniper slots just to look all ghillied up and spouting a mahoosively large and highly impractical weapon system and using it to take down soft targets at half its effective range and missing 90% of the time?"
"I doubt the system could handle that many npc's. If World War Z was a video game, this would be it"
"I've personally always thought it was intentional to be that corny. I personally couldnt get into it because I thought Geralt was just too over the top classic bad ass, the voice, the hair. It just felt ridiculous."
Still more professional than the United States Presidential Election. A drunk mayoral candidate screams during a debate while two other candidates brawl.This really happened.
"From Idaho, can confirm :(. Why the hell is he in Connecticut for a rally? Fundraiser, sure but you don't campaign in a state that hasn't gone republican since Reagan. This is like Hillary campaigning in Idaho."
"I want a full version to see what it spells out at the end out of touched ""credits"" Let's End This for Good Kiddo"
"depends on the motors, and mAh rating the batteries, and how long you expect it to run. basic autonomous car (is this enough power?) I want to take a small RC car and add: * HC-SR04 attached to a micro servo * L298n controlling two DC motors I have a 6xAA battery pack for my arduino. Will that single source be enough to power the whole thing? From a little searching people say that the L298N drops at least 1.8v. I've never powered anything with batteries, only ever used the USB connection, and I'm pretty new to all this."
Oh thanks I wasn't sure. Oaxaca
"Some airlines have started banning lithium based batteries, even in checked luggage, so good luck with this robot bag. would love to get your feedback on our Robotic luggage"
When is the summer sale? Steam Summer Sale
you rake out first *rake in
"And people are willing to defend these scum for being ""job creators"". Exxon is really the scum of the earth. In the 70s and 80s, my family lived in Cordova, Alaska, and my dad was a commercial fisherman. Our entire livelihood depended on the Prince William Sound fishery. In 1989, when the Exxon Valdez spill happened, it destroyed the fishery and the economy of the entire town. My dad lost his entire career, and my mom had to take a job across the state and become the family breadwinner. All this took a huge toll on us and during this my parents got divorced. Several years after the spill, a settlement had been negotiated that would pay about $2.4 million per family whose careers had been destroyed. Exxon spent billions of dollars fighting to not pay the families, rather than pay the families, and many declared bankruptcy, moved into much lower paying positions, or even committed suicide. Cut to 2010. 20 years after the spill and the settlement had been decided, after much legal wrangling and a shitload of lobbying, Exxon finally paid out their settlement. Our family got $80,000. For fucking an entire career and uprooting the whole family. That was split between my brother and I. My dad died pretty much broke, unemployed, severely depressed, and alone in an RV in a Moose Lodge parking lot last year. I don't blame Exxon directly. Wait, no I said that wrong. I fucking blame Exxon fully and directly. Fucking pieces of shit."
PVC The owl. What material is it made of?
"Historically, Nintendo realised that selling consoles at a loss *is a really dumb business decision* and focused on gameplay using ""outdated"" hardware instead. Historically consoles have always been sold at a loss, it tended to take at least a couple of years to be profitable (as to why they don't just drop the price even more or sell at a higher price point originally early purchasers tend to buy more games over the life of the console than late adopters, the games subsidise the consoles). The fact that the PS4 was profitable less than a year after launch and they only cost 400-500 at launch indicates a VERY short life cycle ahead."
Be a shame if someone were to... ...**RUN.THE.TABLE** That's a nice division lead the Lions have there...
"Good, are you a supporter of the marine corp? yes I do !"
You've never played Arena or Daggerfall :D Good Guy Bethesda. Always appreciated this.
"What is the virtue of a proportional response? Can I ask a hypothetical? Let's say someone is trying to stab you or your family and has told you that they intend to kill. You have a gun. Should you: * A: Shoot them? * B: Put your gun down, pick up a knife so you can fight them fairly? * C: Other? (please elaborate) IMO it's 'A'. Israel will always retaliate with greater force, or else they will not have a deterrent to attack next time."
It's disrespectful as fuck; the dead part is pretty much irrelevant here. Which also does the dead man no harm.
"Or, is out of rounds.... The badly-wounded guy is still aware enough to fight _and_ maintain trigger discipline. Impressive."
"I can not believe that new york will be down for long. yeah i really dont know. trust me this is my team, we're not going to win a cup with him. straight up. our window is closed, and the window that was open was fucked last year with everyone important being injured in the playoffs against you guys. we got slower and older and still have shit coaching. we dont have a crosby or a malkin or a stamkos or a kane or a toews to compensate to score goals. we're fucked."
"The first rule of reddit, is that everybody is welcome here. **Reddit is not a secret society.** People are free to discuss reddit and refer people here at their will. Reddit should *not* be opposed to accepting new people from all corners of the internet. This is not an exclusive club; you are not better than anyone else because you are a redditor. Grow up and get over yourself."
"I never would have guessed from that paragraph that Hayden, Idaho was a city in Idaho. One reason why I like Play Books more than other book readers, active definitions of certain things."
Just a business name. When I tried that they were asking for a business license number. You didn't have that issue?
...your point? Sugar Babies
"how do people not now this....... It's an ice scraper, to use on your windscreen/windows."
"Voter fraud != election fraud, and that didn't occur either. voter fraud is democracy? Gery mandering is democracy? Controlling the media narrative is democracy? Telling half truths is democracy? You cant make an informed decision, required in electing those to represent you, if you don't have the truth. Nothing that comes out of clinton's mouth is the truth. Literally nothing. She only does what she thinks is going to serve her best, sure it might help some folks, but it sure as hell wont start a progressive revolution. She has destroyed her own party, you cannot sustain a group without young members joining the ranks, think the Shakers of the north east. She has alienated generations and demographics all so she can get what she wants, and for what? she already has money and power, she has a disease and needs help, they all do."
"The fucks your problem man, I don't know why you're trying to prove yourself on the internet. Because I'm not an insecure retard, mostly. I mean ""I just feel like it's marking your territory. It makes me feel like a cuck, it's gross"" really? The partner count circle jerk on TRP is one of the most hilariously overblown tenets of the entire ""ideology"". I've known women with loads of partners who have been in committed relationships and I've known chicks who cheat on their SOs even with low partner counts. It's almost irrelevant, and only really useful when determining if a chick has serious issues, but those women usually have dead giveaways anyway and will almost certainly lie about their N-count."
There's been a lot in the midwest recently Have there been killer clown sightings?
haha just rip it up to 55 mph and then chill :P Newport beach to irvine? Jamboree has a nice area to thrash going down to the Diamond plaza but i always worry about cops camping there.
"OMG can we get a NSFL tag on this please, i cant bear this ! Saw this at Disneyland. The longer I look at it, the less I sure I am of what it's supposed to be."
"I'm urban(near Toronto), it still comes out fahkin if it's a heated moment. It depends. If you're a rural Canadian or a hockey playing Canadian you'll probably say it that way. Maritimers say it differently and urban, non-hockey playing Canadians say it differently. The point is to really just boil that first 'fuck' syllable. You need to break that shit down to its constituent letters and then each of those letters gets its own accented emphasis. The 'ing'... well, you drop the 'g' and you minimize the rest of it. So you get ""**fuck**in"" as in ""Get back in your car, you **fuck**in idiot."" Done properly, you should get that **fuck** emphasized properly without it necessarily being said any louder than the rest of the word, or indeed, the rest of the sentence."
Rather have a Shake-Shack IN-N-OUT coming to SLU?
g to the boob Why is the G like that? Are you geriatric?
Thanks ! Nice! I took that picture about 2 years ago. There are more on my Flickr username affrojeffro69
Sedin Jagr Sedin line? Sedins will be like Jagr except they won't retire and comeback... they'll keep playing into their 50's.
Why the fuck would a gas company be driving on a garden walking path? Now for the gas company to come in and drive over it and dog it up only leaving a pile of dirt behind.
"What if you go on adventures *with* Indiana Jones? When you don't want your significant other constantly gallivanting around the world without you, getting shot at while stealing cultural artifacts from oppressed people and probably banging any girl he gets tied up with along the way :("
Obligatory Satou Which anime character as grown as a person in a way that YOU need to grow as well?
"First of all, what are dollars dollars, and how does their value compare with US dollars? What would you do for $10 million dollars that you wouldn't do for $1 million dollars?"
Thought this was on a pint. Ben &amp; Jerry's cow is smoking
I feel like these are all John Mulaney references. Where?
"I'm finding it hard to believe your average sandy hook truther has ever been complimented on their smarts. Being wrong is something that people who are told ""you're so smart"" all their lives can't accept. So if someone with that kind of personality, is shown they're wrong they will do all sorts of mental gymnastics to prove they were in some small technicality, correct. That's just speculation on my part, I could be wrong."
No Lids? For you CHL. I covered them up this time just for you.
"But if we want our dick to be settled with? It could, but you have to behave."
"yep! I was going to click the link, but then I saw it was a youtube video."
"You'd best start believing in social recluse threads... you're in one. Maybe, but it could also be quite true"
"That's up to you, but I wouldn't call that ""giving more to society than most of us"" I'm banking on the same. I just hope I die after the scales balance in my favor."
Fuck russia Foursome girlfriend sharing - good looking Russians
"Salvation Army Good places to donate housewares, etc.? I have some stuff lying around the house (mostly old kitchenwares and appliances that I've replaced with better versions) that aren't worth selling but I'd rather drop them off somewhere than throw them out. Would the various donation bins around town (like Canadian Diabetes Association) take them? Or is there a specific goodwill organization for those kind of things?"
"Well you are ;) read as ""a cutie"""
"I just love the swashbuckling feel of 'Tools of Destruction' at times. One of my favourite tracks in the entire series, Only started playing the PS3 entries four days ago!"
Booty had me like Chrom and Olivia having a good time
"no it's more that if the community likes a map so much it will be added to active duty/reserves like cache plus i highly doubt many people will play those maps, as even when the operation is on most of the maps have hours of que times we've had like 5 operations over 2 years. that's 5 maps/2 years, i'm pretty sure valve can handle it."
... It's still the same amount of time played if you rope every turn in one game instead of just playing 3 games... Then we will have ropers. That wouldn't work either.
Dude was coooold bloooooooooded tonight. 26 and 15 for mirza on 9-13 shooting. MVP
What about that sentence isn't clear? The expectations of monogamy can't be met? What?
"We're going to OT! Game Thread: Blue Jackets vs. Stars - November 1, 2016"
what did it say? tweet got deleted
"1 in 50 is a very forgiven figure. Honestly how many times do they hit these shots with the 6 ""techniques"". Lets be realistic. Maybe 1 in 50 and that's being generous because I know that the guys who are good, are really freaking good. It just bothers me when one of my teammates constantly jumps off a building trying to get trick shots and not doing shit for the team."
I just can't picture him with long hair... :/ Araragi's hair is waist length in Tsukimonogatatri.
"That and they just spent their money on weed. Haha. Well said. I only briefly read the article before coming to the comments. It didn't register with me that the states along the Colorado border might see legalization as a boon for them. But, of course they would. Any cop shop interested in collecting Federal funding for the War on Drugs would love the chance to catch people coming over the border. The only problem is that Oklahoma and Nebraska probably thought they would be getting a lot of funds from seizing people's cash money they are carrying with them. In these cases, they are probably only catching small amounts from dumb people who happen to be pot smokers, who don't happen to have a lot of money anyway."
Bro you've got some chopmunk cheeks Getting haircut today. Looking for a new style or maybe something to improve my current one.
"I hate to think of the people who don't get the help they need under your judgmental care. Because if people are in enough distress to go to the emergency room, they shouldn't be concerned with whatever the hell is going on with their phone. One particular person I saw came in with anxiety. Before we officially talked to the person, I walked by and they were perfectly fine, on their phone and exhibiting no symptoms. As soon as the doctor saw them, they started crying and acting anxious. We then had to briefly leave to take care of another issue. Not even 5 minutes had passed when we came back to finish the initial evaluation and they were once again on their phone, acting like nothing was wrong. Again, they only began acting upset and anxious when we actually started talking to them. This pattern of behavior is all too familiar Ultimately, all that happened with this person during the visit was that they received Ativan and was sent home. That's not an emergency. People can get through an episode of anxiety where all they would have needed is 1 dose of anti-anxiety medication."
Can you feel the hate yet? Wow. Guess I'm a conservative now.
"I really hope so; however I'm too used to shit like that on the internet! You're being sarcastic right? #Guys, he's being sarcastic, right?!"
"Most useful info ITT Former Dunkin' employee here. We don't check the survey codes at the bottom of your receipt. Any random 5 digits in the space, you've got a free donut with purchase."
"I did a pass around my room with an IR sensitive camera and found nothing other than the lighthouses. Any possible sources of IR interference? Not sure if a Kinect, or camera w/night vision, or something along those lines might interfere."
"Well as a mexican he has to do his duty. Props to Louis. He's right that doing this probably isn't smart for his career since it'll surely alienate half of his fans, but he's doing the right thing and I congratulate him for that. More influential people need to speak out about this shit, its only the entire country/world on the line here."
"Preservatives in our food Dear folks of Reddit, what do you think might be the ""cigarette"" of our generation i.e. something that seems totally harmless and casual but could slowly be killing us?"
"OP, I'm doubting your Googling skills :( I Googled ""Smite BDK"" and the first two results (about the Jungle and the Joust map) had ""Bull Demon King"" in bold. What does BDK mean? I've searched the wiki and google- both showed no results. So what does it stand for/ mean?"
"I only meant mutation and evolution to poetic license in the MU. I'm saying that humans and mutants being the same species isn't really poetic licence, the mutation bit of course is."
"Don't bother reading anything that's less than about 2 points, most of it is indirect support of elo-boosting because 'snitching is what little kids do' I just reported an in-game friend for getting elo boosted, does that make me a bad person? They went from bronze to Diamond 2 over the past two months. They even asked me a couple months ago if I'd be the one to boost them ""for some free skins."" Anyway, friend or not, I'll turn someone in if they pay for elo. RIP his account, I guess."
"With all due respect, I think a good many people would disagree this is retarded. there's nothing wrong with throwing things away"
This is one of those games where it's filled with bugs but they're more often than not hilarious. Do you mind?
"As much as people talk about Hollywood 'whitewashing' I thought having a Nigerian actor play 'Vincent Kapoor' was some pretty blatant 'blackwashing,' especially when you consider that there are quite a few people of Indian descent that work at NASA. They did this in the Martian."
"Rachel Mancow already said this. At this rate next week they'll be saying ""Hillary is the real president and Trump didn't exist. It was all just a nightmare."" And they'll believe it. You'll take them to the White House to show them Trump sitting in the Oval Office and they'll just shake their heads and say ""Nope, that's not real. Hillary is President. She must've invited Trump to visit, what a gracious woman!"""
Paired with hemorrhoids small dick syndrome.
That's no ~~moon~~ clover The pattern on this clover
Didn't he not really enjoy being on the Chiefs? I can't wait until he plays the cheifs
"Hear hear, both for comment and relevant username. Irrelevant. You shouldn't hate pink because you think it associates you with a group you're uncomfortable associating with. No, you should hate it because clothing with too much of it is *fucking ugly* and painful to look at. Pick a shade that doesn't cut the eyes like a knife, or wear something with a different main colour, with pink enhancing it."
"Now a days it's all pure emoticons and no logicons Yeah, that's kind of the thing. They're not thinking with any logical part of their brain. It's all emotion."
Holy shit YES clearly we need to get an FFA D&amp;D group together
"Never get your phone from a carrier if you want timely updates, period. So, would we be able to apply the updates that are shipped to the unlocked version? If that were the case, would Sprint just say fuck it and update it on time?"
"What I can't understand is why anybody would want to subject an audience to speech by George W. Bush, let alone give him a $100,000 for it. George W Bush charged $100,000 to speak at fund-raising event for military veterans"
"'you will pay for this in time' TIL that in 1990 when Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait, Osama Bin Laden approached the Kingdom of Saudi and offered to send his Mujahideen fighters to liberate Kuwait. The Saudis declined and instead allowed American troops into Saudi Arabia upon which Bin Laden denounced."
TIL house was British... House would like to have a word.
that looks so fucking good Eating dinner on business trip!
There is something oddly appealing about those little kiosk style shops. Akihabara's original mom-and-pop electronics store is closing after 64 years
"I wish they'd just do some optimization, a game that looks like kotor 2 shouldn't be as resource intensive as skyrim Will they ever polish this game? Will they ever fix the crazy amount of bugs and pathing issues, will they ever polish the starting areas or maybe change them up? Kinda like cata did with wow."
"None of these guys should be on tv analyzing football Remember this on ESPN after 49ers beat Pittsburgh? Wow, how wrong, how very very wrong they were."
The judge can throw it away because he doesn't like it. Prenup PRENUP PRENUP DONT GET MARRIED WITHOUT ONE EVER
"You are a wise and just Pizza God. Hey, as long as you're eating the pineapple, it's all good. I can understand not wanting the flavors to mix, it seems like you have a well-founded opinion as to why."
"Damn, foiled again. But then you'd hear my voice and it'd be way too obvious"
Let's Go Germany! Game thread russia vs. Germany
"For me, eating out is usually more appealing after my girlfriend showers. Learn to cook. It makes eating out less appealing when you know what you can make at home tastes so much better and cheaper."
"They're not that common, Reddit just has a borderline obsession with them. Has anyone ever met an anti-vaxxer in person? I know there's a vocal minority on the internet, but I've never really come across any myself."
"But what if POTUS bans you from all bars? Reddit in general isn't really the place for this kind of discussion. Meet me at the bar, we'll talk about this there and see what happens."
"Of everything you're tried, to they all have the same texture that you don't like or each have a different texture and you just don't like any of them? Well, I've had Salmon, various river and lake fish (aside from Pickerel, I don't know specifically which, but there's a fair bit of fishing in Lake Winnipeg, and so we can get fresh fish here, despite being in the middle of the continent), and Sardines. Didn't care for any of them. Fortunately, Grass-fed beef is easy to get around here, as well as farm-raised pork and chicken from local producers. I've tried Sushi too, and find similar issues with the texture of the fish in that. It's not the raw aspect - one of my favourite dishes is Gored Gored, which is raw cubed beef in a berbere-spiced butter sauce from Ethopia - I can't really say much beyond the texture issue with fish. Another comment mentioned Swordfish as 'meatier', so I may try that some time."
"If he wasn't calling them out as ""lazy assholes,"" he wouldn't have posted. Calm your tits He was just saying that this is the 400th day of 1.8 not saying that Mojang are lazy assholes"
"I think he was both angry *and* drunk at the time of this recording. Jesus, those drugs sure as hell took a toll. Barely makes sense."
"I used to live there, it was nice in the desert. I'm from California. I'm fine with him being the leader of the states he won. Fuck 'em."
"The certainly lied, but the Libs not releasing any policies is far from them saying they won't be changing anything. Excuse me, but the reason ""a lot"" of people voted for the Liberal Government was due to the fact that they promised to not change certain things, and what happens? They lied. I think a majority of people are more angry due to the facf that they were essentially lied to, which I believe gives them very good reason to ""turn tail"". (Plus it was Liberals or the Labour which at that point couldn't really be called a government) Addressing your first point, I think saying that Australians aren't protective of these benefits prior to the budget is ridiculous. People come from all around the world for our education and I think many Americans dream of having our Medicare system. Then again this is only my opinion but I, myself know that these benefits are what I love about Australia and its become part of what we are known for."
Mainly just because I was bored and this was the first idea that came to my head. I'm curious if this is for interview practice or if it will be used somewhere?
"Sergio's bits were awesome and totally would have been lost in translation if I weren't bilingual My favorite (paraphrased) ""You better hope someone in your corner; the ref, the doctor, your trainer, **ANYONE** have mercy on you, because I wont"" Or ""..... And because I was **never** my promotors puppet.... That's why I will die standing and not defeated like Jr....."" I would translate better, for the sake of boxing. I hate to see something like that get such bad translation."
"8th grade science teacher was sleeping with two seventh grade girls. What did ""that one teacher"" at your school get fired for?"
"Every post-ti patch heavily nerfed current ti champion rather heavily. Mabye, but it's not likely. EG, VG and the big names alike will have plenty of time to adapt, and they already survived numerous patches. Good teams are good teams. Maybe there are some versions which makes some teams more comfortable, but there's no way a patch makes a VG lvl team suddenly trash, or makes HGT top4. And tbh, I don't think this patch is gonna make a big shift. It is before TI, and big meta shifts always come after TI. I doubt the rubberband gets changed or any big mechanic. It is gonna be more likely OP hero nerfs, item tweaks, and so on. Sure, it is likely we get new FotM heroes at TI5 and slightly reducing the highground advantage and such, but the FEEL of the game will not be that different."
I know one person I can ask - but not making any promises Do you know someone willing to record?
"Let's not talk about that Sorry to hear he still hasn't turned it around. Devils took him 1 pick before Tanner Pearson, still blows my mind."
"well rockey horror is a shitty transmisogynistic movie, so not an argument to not call this shitty. I chuckled, honestly reminded me a bit of Rocky Horror."
I still kinda like the clouds as they add another layer to the image (though it would have looked great without them!) Was down at Anglesea on the weekend and took this pic of the night sky - Shame about the clouds.
"My favorite part of this is at 1:55 when Chevy drops the glass of water through the conga drum stand, pretending like its actually a table. Paul Simon - You Can Call Me Al, featuring Chevy Chase. 1986"
It isn't 'banned' so what's his problem? 5 reasons not to ban the Confederate flag -- from a Canadian immigrant
"Thanks OP, now I'm terrified of my headphones. I felt something tingling my ear as my put my headphones on..."
"The second coming of Lenhart.... Actually Sherrod is not a wash. He is highly praised by the Dynamo fans, they say that he's got mad potential. @MLSAnalyst Referred to Sherrod as a Steven Lenhart. Others saying he is a faster version of Lenny and also wins every ball in the air."
He says he's a retired SGM I'm assuming he's out now?
*66 here and tired of these types of stories......moving on* The elderly and computers in a nutshell
It's also required under Australian law It is required under EU law as well.
"Rape? Kid attempts hit and run; driver catches up, gets out and takes his keys so he can't drive off"
"I can't wait until he runs out of secrets and the Russians take him to some Siberian hellhole to pump him for secrets. Yeah, the U.S. definitely isn't getting Snowden back now."
"Install gentoo. I've actually been thinking of switching back to Firefox for this exact same reason. Chrome uses ridiculous amounts of memory. It's almost like i'm running Chrome OS every time I open my browser, and trust me, performance is really an issue when using it on a Netbook as I have to."
"Yea, I'd like to see the source for the data displayed by that graph. What exactly does this explain?"
"And here I was thinking the cola wars was just a marketing war, nope turns out it's a religious one! TIL that Mexican shamans began to use Coca-Cola in their religious rituals to heal worshippers. When PepsiCo discovered this, they offered commissions to shamans for using Pepsi instead. When Coca-Cola began paying too, rival religious groups were formed based on which soft drink they use."
"I have a 95 4runner, lets say i enjoy thebsun roof when offroading I did a truck day in my old boss's zl1 and my head was pinned to the roof"
crowd sang the whole anthem Ok what happened I only caught the end of it
"I didn't say anything about cartoon-style or classes... Just customization (I meant a personalized pilot/titan) and story. Brink was something really different. It doesn't really fit Titanfall. - Brink is more cartoonish. Rather keep the more realistic set. - Classes are kinda bad, I like the freeform of Titanfall better. - The character customization itself isn't bad, the gear customization however is really really bad. They take the characters and the equipment as a caricature/cartoon which, again, doesn't fit Titanfall. This is my personal opinion."
"HERE'S AN IDEA: NEXT TIME YOU'RE AT WORK, MAYBE YOU COULD TRY WORKING PEASANTS NOT HAVING THEIR OWN OFFICE SMH SOME OF US ARE YOU DICKBAG SERIOUSLY, SOMEONE WALKED BEHIND ME A FEW SECONDS AFTER I NOPE-ED THAT TAB"
"Rap album for irene, make it happen pls Who do you think would get it from RV? Wendy or Seulgi is my guess."
Good Jokes mate real funny See you at FUCK YOUJ Why are Americans bad at dota?
"My bad, I have seen Alien and I love it! I didn't see **Alien** on either list!"
TL;DW please The Daily Show Is Making Fun of Us
he's actually a really nice guy. Evan Stone is creepy.
"They should have realised thay had a problem with Jewish extremists back in 1995, when one of them killed their PM, Isaac Rabin. Israel Cracks Down on Jewish Extremists With New Arrests"
"He may have went back to look down the elevator shaft to watch the elevator, and then his foot slipped... Kid falls down elevator shaft after kicking door."
"It's a genre a lot of people wouldn't enjoy, even if the writing is good. you say that like pride and prejudice is a bad book..."
"I think $12.80 is reasonable. You keep saying $15. I really urge you to think of it in terms of $12.80. $15 in today's dollars seems reasonable to me, as well. I truly think it's enough to take care of a family and live a decent life in most areas of America. $12.80, on the other hand, I'm not so sure about. I was earning $12 an hour in Philadelphia in 2013, and with my rent and student loan payments as high as they were, I still couldn't afford to survive without food stamps. I was not wasteful with my earnings. During that time, I never went out to eat, I wasn't able to purchase even the basic necessities, and I certainly couldn't save any money for an emergency. I was just barely getting by."
"someone on the live feed chat just said that Austin's girlfriend tweeted about ""no longer being with him, he just doesn't know it yet"" I'm currently trying to find her to possibly confirm this BBUS Live Feed Discussion - July 10, 2015 Discuss today's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
Eating dinner at 10 pm doesn't help either. Sure...blame the timezone and not the fact that you work 4 hr days and retire by 45.
"I would assume that the implication is what would lead to issues, but I'm not very informed on these kinds of things. It's just a glass with some liquid and ice in it, not actually identifiable as an alcoholic beverage, so that's probably how they got away with it."
I'm with you... we'll just get some whiskey or something and be over there. I don't really like hugs.
"And cheap enough that you don't need to worry about babying them. some of the harbor freight crap is pretty good, and made by the same factories that make the name brand stuff."
"Him and Bryzgalov doing commentary, make it happen! Magician. but seriously based on his social media posts, Datsyuk would really enjoy being a fisherman, I think"
"""I only put his dick in my mouth, but said no after that"" So the fuck what if he got under the covers. If he said no repeated times it is still a no."
"Do me a favor, Control + F Rule 6 Unbelievable Savings!"
"I believe walls also prevent spawns (in most but not all cases), so you might get something by *blocking out the sun*. Hmmm, well if that is the case... Not really feasible to stop all the spawns then, since not enough NPCS to spread across the bridge."
"*Slowly adjusts Red Sox cap* This came in the mail! As a born and raised Angeleno, I wear it with pride. (Please don't hurt me New Englanders!)"
I had no idea Tie Fighters were so big. New Star Wars The Force Awakens EW Pics
"As an alternative, renting a car for half a day would be relatively inexpensive, if you can drive it. Need HELP from fellow Redditers! Thalys strike = will probably cause to miss flight..any alternative? Need HELP from fellow Redditers: Girlfriend (Canadian) has a trip to Morocco. Arrives in Shipol (Amsterdam) at 7:55AM and was suppose to use Thalys to catch her 4:00PM flight leaving from Paris (Charles de Gaulle) on the 15th of December. She just found out (because of course Thalys didn't advise her) and we're now looking for solutions...anyone? Huge thanks in advance:) BTW I did talk a lot about Reddit to her so it's now time to prove how helpful you can be!"
And then people wondered why the Nazis invaded. The Polish have contaminated the water supply.
Have u done it AMA for they guy confessing his love for his best friend if frank ever releases
"He is blatantly dodging the question though which is what might make some people uncomfortable since national defence is pretty important issue to know one's stance on. His stance seems perfectly reasonable to me. War should be avoided at far as possible. He's not said he wouldn't go to war at all, he's made it try to avoid doing so. Sounds sane, rather than reckless."
Well that's gay Italy's highest court rules calling someone 'gay' is no longer an insult
"yup Sounds pretty fitting, at least for the demonstrators."
"I know you're asking for android but if any iphone users come looking for an alarm you can use the default reminders app and change the reminder sound to a ring tone, it will only play once :) Alarm clocks that turn themselves off I have an android phone. I would like to wake up at an optimal time, but not have to actively shut the phone off. Sometimes I wake myself up with too much activity and can't fall back asleep. Any suggestions, apps or real clocks?"
"Illori if he stays and doesn't go on loan might get a few games in the cups but I think it might be a season or two too early for Teixeira. Portuguese football fan here. Can anyone tell me their thoughts on Ilori and Joao Teixeira's chances in the first team this season? Portuguese football fans (I included) have high hopes for both Ilori and Teixeira. Has there been any news about whether or not they'll be loaned or if they'll stay with the first team/reserves? Also, throw in your thoughts!"
"I have no clue what is going on in this video, what ""TYT"" is, or how this is supposed to be relevant to this sub.. Your average TYT viewer"
Very true. But bugs for damage calculations do happen.
So how do they even create 8g for 30 seconds anyways. Dude handles g-force training test up to 8g for 30 seconds
"thanks, i will fix it :) Would you say he'd have a *~~butter~~* time?"
"I got a pretty rare skateboard in near mint condition for a really great price What was the best deal/bargain you've had? In terms of thrift stores, sales, discount stacking, etc."
Basketball players can now slams people like in hockey. What one rule would you change to improve a popular sport or game?
"Although, considering at one point in time in European cultures salt was used as a store of wealth, I suppose combining them works also :P Worth one's weight in gold = Extremely valuable Worth one's salt = Deserving of pay/effective and efficient"
"Considering how much capitalists love property rights, you'd think they'd be really upset about this. Muh right to occupy others' land"
dabin is a god Illenium ft. Echos - Afterlife (Dabin Remix)
Yes So you're saying Obama has been called out as a retard for supporting BLM?
"Trying to put off a baby, eh? A puppy. We have been looking for one for a while now and finally found a good deal on the breed we want. She already knows it's coming. And it will be here almost a week before Valentine's Day. But it's what she has wanted for almost a year."
Lol. Aren't most of these strikes with the countries permission?
"Okay, no problem Cool. I'm not in the market for a PC, but I just wanted to raise a possible concern. GLWS"
"The hair that spawned a thousand fetus. I'm all pro-choice, if he wanted to kill his fetus that's fine but cutting that hair? It should all be taken away from him and given to a cool bald guy."
"""The lady doth protest too much, methinks."" The original author was a client of my parents in there real estate business I was there when they met him.So I started talking to him about why he believed that God exists and after the talk it turned out we had the same views then he sent me a link to his post when I read it his post turned to make more sense than what I originally made in my journal so I decided to just use his own belief in this Reddit post."
"It is, and it was a while ago, I'll try to find it. oh my god. that can't be real. can a brother get some context?"
"Turn off location, i think How does drifting work? Is it just restarting the app?"
"Chill it, dude. It's not passive aggressive, you made that assumption yourself"
I'll take one 'weezy' please! How can you not remember the free weezy t shirts
"When people have a hard time swallowing, they will thicken the liquids so they go down into his stomach instead of into his airway, which would cause him to aspirate. Pardon me for asking if its been answered elsewhere, but why are liquids thickened? That, to me, seems like it would be harder to down."
For what he paid for the hardware yes he was. He said he travels a lot. So no he wasn't.
"yep, punchline in title. Yep, that's a pigeon"
And that someone is most likely not going to be from the group it would offend. Sometimes not even someone *was.* just someone *might be.*
*citation needed. Absolutely not. 20-25 is the best age range for women biologically according to the Royal College of Obestriticians. Maternal age below 20 is associated with increased risks of prematurity and low birth weight
"Copy constructor, yes. does the '=' operator just call the clone constructor? I usually just define that instead."
"Bah, Redstone is the way to go! Pah you 1800-ers and your pulleys and levers. everybody knows that caveman fire is the best."
SNL should monitor it and bait him by doing another sketch then when he tweets about it they should break sketch and read it live on air and have the whole country laughing at him. Has someone finally started monitoring his Twitter posting?
I'm referring to the tiny black specks against the glass on the white Is this cake contaminated?
"The Burninator! I found this car in the middle of a parking lot, made me quite happy"
"I would make it so that everyone with a dick would have the exact same size dick as me so people could finally stop worrying about the size of their goddamn dicks. If you could imbue everyone on Earth with one attribute, ability, or knowledge that you possess, which would it be and why?"
"'Eye' and 'Aye' are pronounced the same way I'm an idiot, I said eye like aye. Had to come to the comments to figure it out."
"Got it, I'm adding you now. im ready whenever you are"
I know that stats don't say everything about a player but comparing two attackers by their goals and assists (especially when one of them plays in Serie A and the other in Portugal) doesn't seem too crazy to me. Don't go by stats lol.
"You made two people laugh for one Upvote here. It broke my personal best for most upvotes on a single comment and made at least 30 folks chuckle, so I'm none too disappointed."
"I'm a she. The health craze that happened in the early 2000s where places like Krispy Kreme and cold stone started shutting down because people in America started weening off of them for healthy alternatives and exercise. It was temporary and not a real reverse in the trend, as OP said he was hoping he would someday see."
What does that even mean? Trott's got a star in his ring
"I believe that the smurf in the thumbnail actually used to rub it into his skin and then use a tanning bed while also drinking the poisonous version of colloidal silver that he made himself at home. TIL of a condition called Argyria, where your skin and other body parts are turned blue. It is caused by an exposure to silver."
Because free stuff is as good as it gets. Why work in videogames related business if you practically don't give a shit about it? Such a fucking waste.
"Because it was outside their comfort box and they don't like being wrong why is this so downvoted? these are legit helpful, although a bit insulting. They wouldn't be in the game, but reading the list made me exhale slightly faster, so there's that"
"So, anyone who saw V for Vendetta? Anyone who saw V for Vendetta and didn't get the message."
"Nobody suggested saying that, there is a proper feedback mechanism and it should be used, exclusively. As someone who has opted out of this preview because I didn't want to deal with the frustration, I'm glad there are more people out there unhappy with the current beta and voicing their concerns. If everyone had the ""oh well it's a beta"" attitude Microsoft might not bother listening."
"When Trump is involved the safe money is betting that he is the one lying. So is this an example of fake news? Because Boeing is clearly lying, and it should be presented by any media as Boeing lies about cost to produce an actual, working, tangible flying plane, that people can see and fly in."
So we wait until... Sunday? better be careful they have corporate backing. they have the money to send a squadron of these things to Stewarts rally.
"i've not been particularly confronted with the term ""basic bitch"" but i think basic is just an alliterative substitute for ""stupid"". MFW the tenth dudebro in a row says he 'must be a basic bitch' while ordering his pumpkin spice latte, then laughs like a manic."
In what way? If someone is in the mindset that they should be able to impose their view on others (right/or wrong) then telling them that they can't is imposing your view that they shouldn't.
Am I really the *only one* who sees this? How about three King Kongs standing on each other's shoulders under a trench coat?
"You should think about finding a keyboard with an L key next time you land, before you find that VPN. Why no VPN? It's the first thing I do when Iand."
Pay the $offby100toll 358 and not yet
Have you used S-Voice? The grass is always greener on the other side
a lot How many fat meth-heads and crack addicts you know?
"Yessir. This is why I never get heated over political, religious, cultural, or social debates. I really don't care that much. I have my opinions but it's fine if yours are different. Humanity will always tend to progress in a generally good direction so everything will be fine. There is so much angst among people that it gets annoying."
"The chompie's deal sounds good... Personally I think On The Border's food is nasty, just passing this on as an FYI:"
That there is no more Pontiac.... What can you never get used to?
offering 18keys Gut Knife | Ultraviolet FT 21k
Do people come up at say this to you? I hate how people at the gym thinks I'm not making progress and not doing much when I lost 90 lbs! I'm lucky to be maintaining my less than 100 lb bench =(
"I think the IR LEDs need to be closer to the face, not out on the brim like that. Her face is clearly visible for several frames on pretty much all of the example videos. The concept might be good, but this implementation looks like it sucks."
"The Lord of the Rings is an awesome universe to get into but my god sometimes it reads like a history textbook. In my opinion, the Lord of the Rings can eat a dick. It might be the croutons in the primordial soup of nerd culture, but it's still horribly paced and full of really boring irrelevant shit. Gandalf is still a mad cunt though. I'd hang with him."
"I think they ignore the Old Testament, except for when they want to bash gays. Exodus 20:7 God will not leave this unpunished."
"So will I Eddie, so will I. Eddie Lacy plans to lose weight this offseason"
"like unsourced conspiracies about the sitting POTUS firing illegal armaments and committing war crimes? Nah, I think people are stupid when they say/believe things that are stupid."
"*You forgot a "";"" hooman* ^^Crappy ^^programmer ^^joke the look on his face though"
"I had the same problem, I just queued for dungeons, did dailies in every zone( + craft ones) it went pretty quick 2.5 bubbles from 65 and cant find a good xp source. i need about 12 million xp. cant seem to find a reasonable way to get it. did all the carnage quests, all the story quests and every quest i could pick up. nightmare rifts don't seem to give much xp at all and random experts... the time put in versus the xp given is dumb. PvP seemed like a good option but i can't get on a winning team for the life of me (very frustrating for someone who is normally at or near the top of the damage board) any suggestions?"
"My wife has the card, she's driving in now... hang on... 450 no 8 no 6... wait while I get my glasses... just as sec, they're in the car... oh this card is expired... let me get the other one... damn my glasses won't stay on since the screw fell out... This could go on for hours. Not a bad idea, but the point of the scam is that they want you to pay to continue. Do they won't get far before they expect you to provide a credit card number."
Noice Noice
"Manhattan, middle of summer in a friend's apartment without A/C on a slowly-deflating air mattress. Where is the worst place you've slept?"
"Tell me what the downsides are to cooking lamb sous vide. Yea, you aren't going to be upvoted in the sousvide subreddit if your advice (even if legit) is to not sous vide. But i do think sometimes we should ask ourselves whether we should, rather than if we could. (I'm not talking about this post in particular, the food looks good!)"
"Well that argument certainly changed my opinion. Yes, unfortunately. If you don't like that, it's your problem."
"Yeh, I want to be that 50 year old dude everyone wants to be when they grow up. Yep, lots of ways to get there. The important thing (for me) is that at least part of my training is aimed at keeping me from being a feeble old man later, not just getting ripped now."
"Yeah, mines only about $3.50 We need to answer this in percentage format. Not everyone's FAAB system is the same amount."
"another good place to ask: r/cscareerquestions I'd answer if I could but I'm still only in college! What is the Computer Science lifestyle like? Hello, I'm looking to transition to Computer Science, mainly to diversify myself for job security, but also because I no longer enjoy manual labor. I just want to know, what is it like working with computers as a career, day in-day out?"
"He played at Vandy I don't understand...if he's an 'elite' RB, why is he projected in the 4-5th round?"
And their mouths are wide open I feel like it is the steely and sensual gaze being shared that really makes it.
"""You can see Russia from here"" Sarah Palin Paradise Peak, Alaska (pic)"
It can be indefinitely delayed and there's not a damn thing the EU can do about it Brexit could be delayed as government departments not ready
"I'm lifting as heavy as I can (with good form) for 3 sets of 10-12 reps. High reps, low weight. Short break between sets. Keep your heart rate up. Do compound exercises for your big muscles before focusing on small muscles. Bench press, over head shoulder press, deadlifts, squats, bent over rows These exercises are some of the most efficient exercises since they work more than 1 muscle group. Once you've built a strong base, then start isolating your smaller muscle groups."
Es war aus Witz. Soziales experiment...
"He's a good player, but usually by the third period the coach has to put him down for a nap Uhh... Google... Pretty sure this isn't right."
"Source is not one of the most used engines, it's notoriously artists to develop for and few games use it You do realize that the amount of work needed to release this patch was very small, right? For the skins, Valve just needed to give them the green light and throw them into a case. The new missions types were developed, but the system at large was already in place. The ability to include community maps is nothing new. There is nothing in here worthy of the phrase ""major update"". CS:GO is probably in the same boat as Dota 2. Since the game has plateaued in development, Valve has eased off the gas a bit and the dev team is rather small compared to how it was before. In fact, if you look across all of Valve's games from Dota 2 to TF2, this has been the case. You can't expect sweeping changes with a small dev team, no matter how talented. You will get the odd quirk here or there like the new profile system, but nothing major. Valve is first and foremost a software company. They are the developers of one of the most used engines in the world in Source. They are working on the new version for this, Source 2. They are a leader in the VR field. They are developing an in-house OS. They are the developers of one of the largest digital distribution platforms in the world. There is a lot on Valve's plate that is much more important to them than improving a product that is 98% perfect to 99% perfect. While all of the things you mention would be nice to have, for the vast majority of Valve's player base they are a non-issue and can be put on the backburner. All of Valve's resources have been going into these projects for the past year or so and I don't blame them. Every one of their games is in a near finished state. Seriously, before you go on about how much these things matter, you have to realize that Valve is going to take care of their own wants and needs first. This is the way that it has always been. Oh and by the way, if you knew anything about what you were complaining about, you would understand that things like hitreg are not easy to fix. Learn a thing or two about network coding before you sound off like an entitled brat. Cheers."
Just gotta BEEP that nose! None shall pass!
I expect my experience to be similar when i go see Neon Demon. I'm the only one in the movie theater right now Seeing the conjuring 2 I was busy when all my friends went to see it so I get to see it alone (help).
"No it's not, they wasted several people's time by doing bullshit arg that literally lead to nothing, hyping up a character for months only to say "" lol watch blizzcon tee hee "" and they're probably gonna do it again in the future, pointing them out on their bullshit is justified. Booing at Blizzcon is childish as fuck, man. It really makes you seem like a toxic asshole no one wants to play with."
"Grand Rapids, Traverse City, Cadillac There's not much north of Lansing/ west of Saginaw that you can really call urban."
A human submarine A human submarine
No way man we need to stream all the classic Fastlane matches that have happened over the years I'd be happy to have this as our fast lane stream
"Ask any girl who steals her boyfriend's hoodies. Dang, I wonder what it's like to have such an awesome sense of smell."
The Pledge of Allegiance What's something everyone just accepts as normal that's actually completely fucked up when you think about it?
"You can not locate the exact beep when you have exactly 10 seconds left everytime, so why not use it to be 100% sure if you've got it or not? Exactly. Why would I need some shitty song to start playing when you can clearly tell how much time is left based on the beeping? I guess for the absolute newest of players?"
"Don't forget fallout: guy walks in with full suit of power armour, let's rob him with a lead pipe. Video game logic"
*Two bananas *potentially spooky thing
shower beer What little thing makes you the most happy?
People still believe this. Are you serious?
Pff No. RedCheer is Best Partner. RedCheer is Only Partner.
Somehow I'm not surprised it's one of the state universities... CCSU. I'm not sure we've been covered. I just know that they spent a chunk of yesterday removing them from the art and theatre building.
"I had an ""an""cap, recently, try to tell me Private property pre-existed the state, I asked for some evidence, but of course, there is none. Human civilization has existed for ~10 thousand years, yet Capitalist production only became a thing in the last ~300 years or so. And it required an incredibly long process of primitive accumulation (i.e abolition of common rights to land), often forceful expansion of an international commodity economy (destroying alternative modes of exchange whenever they were present) and several socio-political revolutions to pave the way for it to arise. The notion that ""Capitalism"" is something that just happens 'on it's own' is terribly wrong. It is a historically specific mode of production like all others that existed beforehand."
"See Apple for fucking up maps on a large scale. The servers aren't even the point. Anyone who develops software can tell you that you simply cannot find every bug in your program by yourself. This version of Maps isn't done. They'll invite a small number of people, all of whom are running different web browsers and different operating systems on different machines. They'll find bugs and report them and Google will fix them. This is a precaution against there being some major, unforeseen error that would make Maps completely unusable. Maps being broken all at once for every person in the world would be a catastrophe."
It's a deep basket. They aren't mutually exclusive at all are they?
Maybe Porkins own gravitational field pulled the DeathStar into him lol Not even close to a planet though...
"And if we start from lvl 10. Hammer Time would be more ""brawly"" if cores had 20 health instead of 40"
"I read that as ""accidentally had anal"" and could not have be more confused. My husband and I successfully had anal last night and I couldn't be prouder of myself! Bonus I enjoyed it too!"
"As an Indians fan also, a part of me dies when ever this team hits the field. as an Indians fan, a little part of me dies whenever I renew my subscription."
Any chance you could make one for iPod touches/iPads that doesn't have the cellular dial? #NAME?
There was no running into the kicker or roughing the passer which was instrumental to the come back in the first place. There was pass interference on the 4th down. There was also a gigantic hold on the kickoff return. These should have been called. They weren't.
DICE doesn't acknowledge anything other than pure ass-kissing. Has dice acknowledged they know about this? More often than not I can't see the endgame screen also.
"At least on reddit, outside of it, TSM still wins. fnc flairs, fans who have replaced tsm fans as the most obnoxious people."
"I'd ask if I can ride Binky. If Death was to come knocking at your door in 24 hours, what would you do besides moving to another place?"
"Zip lines are cool, but I'm more interested in what appears to be a swimming pool underneath her that is larger than my hometown. Dubai Zipline"
I wouldn't call this a problem! Omg I think I have a gradient problem...
"This made me laugh way harder than it should have. Despite his gregarious and simple nature, I'd like to think Jar Jar would be a generous lover."
"Anyone who would vote for a party that produced the Bush presidency and that would even consider Trump, deserves all of that and more For someone on the left, that's not a very tolerant, open-minded way of thinking."
I just love how it is still so relavant...even over 10 years later. One of my favorite little things from Transmetropolitan.
"Yeah, also for me joining the Adders. Yea same too me, noticed that as well."
Your boyfriend sounds incredibly lame to play with and against. My boyfriend hates them too but generally everyone else plays so he doesn't have a choice. To him winning a drinking game is when you have to drink so he makes a concentrated effort to lose but in his eyes he is winning.
"Who's the chick asking about the 'hot one' Boston bomber and Paul Walker's crash pics? Dude, that's Milana Vayntrub in the second one asking about her farts!"
"She's worked for AT&amp;T, Lucent, and HP... Tell me again how those are small businesses... Carly Fiorina: U.S. broke every rule in Iran negotiations"
"That didn't even make sense. Abbas is a kapo. He is well-paid to maintain concentration camp conditions. This so-called state of ""Israel"" will have peace and legitimacy with Hamas in the Knesset."
IW have really methunderstanded what the community want. They all have problems but Ghosts is beyond bad with problems. There is maybe 2 or 3 things that bothered me in the other CODs but Ghosts issues are game breakingly bad.
"It was great but I noticed you crouch when you shoot. His whole team left, so we gave him a 6(4)k"
Jungel over Jungle Top or Jungel Rengar?
"Thanks I looked into it and found nothing so far. 15 isn't the relevant number. Its the fact that 135 divides by 9 with 0 remainder. The name for the operation where you find the remainder of the division of two numbers is modulo. 135 modulo 9 equals 0. Transposition errors introduces a difference of a multiple of 9 into your sum of a column in a spreadsheet. If you entered 94, when you intended to enter 49, this creates a difference of -45 in your spreadsheet. (94-49=45) And -45 modulo 9 equals 0. If you'll recall the multiplication table of 9, you may notice a kind of symmetry between the numbers: |from one|flop|from ten|flip| |----------|----|----------|----| | 1 x 9 = | 09 | 10 x 9 = | 90 | | 2 x 9 = | 18 | 9 x 9 = | 81 | | 3 x 9 = | 27 | 8 x 9 = | 72 | | 4 x 9 = | 36 | 7 x 9 = | 63 | | 5 x 9 = | 45 | 6 x 9 = | 54 | | 6 x 9 = | 54 | 5 x 9 = | 45 | | 7 x 9 = | 63 | 4 x 9 = | 36 | | 8 x 9 = | 72 | 3 x 9 = | 27 | | 9 x 9 = | 81 | 2 x 9 = | 18 | | 10 x 9 = | 90 | 1 x 9 = | 09 | Trying to work backwards, 45 is the product of 5 and 9. The transposition error was off by 5 in both the tens and ones place. We can't find out what numbers were transposed, but its going to probably be a swap in the tens place. You can rule out all transactions under $100 from your hunt."
"They should have a lawsuit theater section of Reddit and leave the technology sections for technology based discussions. Fuck off with the childish Apple vs. Samsung crap. Seriously, it's so tired. Apple vs. IBM, Apple vs. Microsoft, Linux vs. Microsoft, Apple vs. Microsoft again, Apple vs. Google, Apple vs. Samsung. It's so played out. Who the fuck is into this ridiculous drama bullshit?"
"No, pretty sure this would be pushed by the app itself. Lets say that when november 23rd comes around, my grandpa dies and i inherit a large sum of cat food. Would it be possible for me to simply change my phone clock back to november 22nd to get in on this deal?"
"A custom match between two professional teams. What does it mean when the commentators in the SPL games say they ""practice in scrims"". What is a scrim? Does it mean ranked or something?"
"dats wot i fukin sed u wanka thems fitting words come ova and ill show u wots wot Oi I gots a gam fur u faget, is cald, guess ow mani tims I shaged yer nan"
That's numberwang! 3 x 3 = Gender Equality
"TIL friendly taking down castle barricade replenishes castle's stock... Now I feel less bad taking them down when a bad castle boxes me in It is when the castle doesn't understand that a friendly taking down a barricade replenishes his stock, then teamkills you for it"
"Yeah, but looking for an existing term in a dictionary is too time consuming, better invent your own word, or verb a noun or some shit. Actually, what's funny, the word Free-Loading is actually already an existing term, that describes the same thing, and has a double meaning because ""loading""."
"Well when you use it in that syntax, sure Sin tax such a silly name"
"if there is any excess can the employee keep it ? Do you really think Bank takes the loss? At the end of each day, the employee has to tally the credit and debit amounts and if there is any discrepancy they cannot log off for the day until the shortage is cleared. So they use their own money to tally it. Source: Father and Aunt works at bank and Aunt lost 16000 on friday."
"What an asshole When you wonder what the rewards of the new quest are, and Wikia gives you this."
"Tfw you have 400 games as Nova and accidentally Pyro a clone. When you're chasing Nova and she throws up a desperate hologram. ""I'm not falling for that shit!!!"""
Lots of serviceman also keep firearms at home. Yeah but we have a very low gun deaths rate. Most guns are collected by tribesmen for show and prestige. You rarely see a gun with average Joes.
Whoosh add a 0 in front of that 4
Einstein was most certainly a pantheist... And obviously belief in a god denies science. I'm sure Einstein would agree with you.... oh wait....
"Pro-tip: If you're going to make a video bashing some girl on a bicycle, be sure to catch on video what, if anything, she did wrong. Watch ""Crazy Lady thinks she owns the ROAD!"""
Read into it is a very polarizing game Was about to buy the division. Maybe it's a sign.
CM Punk. I WANNA KNOW WHO IT IS!!!
"Aaron Rodgers Are there any cards that you flat out refuse to use? For me I refuse to use Bradford, Antonio Brown, and OBJ. Something about them as a player I don't like, regardless of stats."
"#SUGA! Spring Training Game 6-7: St. Louis Cardinals vs Miami Marlins/New York Mets **Cardinals Lineup vs Marlins** SP: Adam Wainwright 1) Carpenter, 3B 2) Ellis, 2B 3) Craig, RF 4) Adams, 1B 5) Molina, C 6) Robinson, CF 7) Butler, **DH** 8) Ramsey, LF 9) Kozma, SS **Cardinals Lineup vs Mets** SP: Carlos Martinez 1) Jay, CF 2) Wong, 2B 3) Holliday, **DH** 4) Peralta, SS 5) Descalso, 3B 6) Moore, 1B 7) Grichuck, LF 8) Taveras, RF 9) Cruz, C"
Suicide. What is something YOU do to try and make the world a better place?
"Watch sport on TV What do you absolutely, 100% do not want to ever do again?"
"lol i'm holding nflx,aapl,amzn,fb,dis :) At 100x earnings I wouldn't hold it for five seconds. The stock price, as with Tesla, Facebook, Twitter and others, is completely detached from reality."
"People who fly American flags in front of their houses tend to be middle aged Republicans (The American conservative party). It's all good. It's just that in movies, we see American flags and such outside the houses, but we never know what's real. I'm in England and I'm sure people would do it here.. somewhere"
"M E T A Born too late to explore the Earth, born too soon to explore the galaxy, BORN JUST IN TIME TO GIVE HALF NAKED WOMEN THOUSANDS OF UPVOTES"
"Yeah that's a lotta debt to rack up just to touch some Vienna sausages. See, what studies are you talking about? Something like 30-40% of sexual abuse is committed by people under 18. And most abuse is by family members, regardless of age. As a future doctor, I just think there are much easier ways to molest children than going into one of the least rewarding fields of medicine."
"Not a Cliver, it's the Street Scene deck. Which Cliver deck is the one on the bottom of the rack?"
"Just wait till spring, keep them trapped inside and watch their farms and cattle rot back home... They don't want to turn it into a larger cause. Just wait for their dicks to go limp, and they will leave as a laughing stock, and then be arrested."
That exact model of keyboard is in a parts drawer in my networking class I take. Was doing some research on cold cathodes vs. LED strips. Found this glorious setup from 2005.
"Yes, this way I can agree with. I guess I should have noted that I think all story mode dungeons should be soloable. And as said, I'd restrict them to story mode dungeons - and not put any in explorable mode."
"I wasnt worried about the static electricity, I was worried about all the cum and lint on my bed ONLY the INSIDE of those BAGS are ElECTROSTATIC, might as well be on top of a towel."
"U ok? As reasonable as that argument innitially sounds, its foundation is based on several common rhetorical fallacies and would be difficult to use efficiently in a court of law."
"No, you got downvoted because it appears as though the four-letter acronym was the *only* reason you downvoted TALKS_LIKE_A_BABBY's comment; as if everything else in that comment was okay until that happened. Ah, that explains why I got downvoted. Noted."
There are lots of people on this sub who believe literally that Being gay is a sin?
I bet most of Reddit would explode if they tackled an undergraduate-level discrete math course. Formal logic can be simple and hard.
Don't play it then Mystery heroes is so stupid
Dall' 1 fino alla sera dell'8 Marzo. Quando sarai a NYC?
Probably on mobile. Added features are in bold.
"Yes please! MRW my mother tells me she can't live in Portland anymore because if she stayed up there ""I'd have to date a Mountain Man. They're all flannel, breaded Mountain Men up there."""
"Add more boosters. My problem with long flights is that I get bored way too easily, I also get frustrated at how slow my plane moves so for anything outside of 5 minutes of flight time I will usually just send a rocket"
Or the Wild! Just need my Canucks to win a Stanley Cup to the list.
ALTRUUUUUUUUUUUUVE 1st place UPVOTE party!!!!!!!!
"With underwear,too. Having problems buying pants for my SO. Is there anywhere I can buy pants that are stronger than normal in various regions? Pants or under pants that don't show his dick off."
"My test is in 11 hours, I'm in shambles. Yeah, I think in some texts S is used for Severity and sometimes X is. I hope there's enough luck to go around for both of us to pass!! Kinda freaking out over here. O_O"
"It's under UCMJ so it's different on how parole will be perceived Her crime wasn't violent, and she won't ever be in a position to do anything like it ever again. What avidly happens at parole hearing for cases like that? Isn't parole for criminals to show they learned their lesson and are ready to be members of society again? How is that relevant for criminals like her?"
"Because the Right absolutely hates her and she's now given them a ridiculous amount of ammo to ensure she's lame duck on arrival. Why would Hillary be a ""bad"" president?"
"This is the one on the list I care most about, I wonder if they'll start the list over in 2017 or have different ones then? missed Mew ):"
Every goddamn thread. Has your mother been taking care of you? How the hell did you even manage to break both of your arms at once?
I think you're severely mistaken if you think it's NA that is bringing most hate to G2 Shit talking your #1 seed won't save you from our shit talking. You ain't slick.
"Are we talking about the ones in SMW that you have to feed to make full grown, or the ones in NSMBU that I tried to feed dozens of enemies before realizing they don't actually ever grow to full size and are used for their special abilities? Can you use fat baby yoshis in Mario Maker? Has any info been said about that yet?"
"Same. I'm American, but I always use the British spelling of words. That's how I lose points for spelling in my English class."
A jua-- i mean B.
Looks like bloom is removed when you are scoped in with AR. I love the new changes however ADS for the assault rifle has me concerned
"And paint, if that is your thing. At least you get cool models to look at."
"Yeah, even TATA Docomo has it, but again you have to recharge before the end of validity. Airtel has it already, but you have to recharge before your validity ends."
I remember this website very well Jayna James
"Dont expect 120 Hz, 96 Hz is the normal You could go 1440p and grab a QNIX2710/Xstar2710. You could get 1440@120hz and it's a PLS monitor, which is basically almost identical to IPS. They go for $300ish on eBay."
"But Team Arrow has a strong, powerful woman. I don't know that a small room full constitutes an ""army"". Though I'd be willing to bet he'd just scoop up more to bolster his ranks as he took over more of the world."
"968k confirmed kills here, can confirm tenno genocide. Genocide is not an exaggeration. Looking at my total kills a while back, I had 43k. If the average tenno has half of that, lets round down to 20k even, times 10 million tenno, and thats about 200 billion grineer, corpus, and corrupted killed. But the average player probably has more than 43k, so you can put that figure in the trillions if you wanted to."
If you don't know what you're talking about don't make a guess. But it's not a digital product.
That feel when the game is so dull it's more entertaining to watch Netflix Thank god for Netflix
"Wtf no. Whatever you may think of this list, Guardian is still one of the best news sources around"
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang What movie was that from? I remember being terrified from that scene as a kid.
"fuck yeah, at a [7] too and read it right the first time i'm too high to write in another language but i can read it right. At a [7] and read that right the first time"
here we go Its up my beauties
"Rocket League is pretty dope Nobody's having fun, nothing of value is being accomplished, and dickheads are getting money and attention for preaching to the choir. The world looks just the same and history ain't changed. All we're doing is yelling at each other despite knowing full well that we'll never change each other's minds because nobody will admit to being wrong on the Internet. We're wasting stupid amounts of time and effort and all that's happening is that more and more people are getting miserable. Let's just play some fucking Rocket League."
Let the testing begin. My daughter finally fits into this sweet attire..
"actually, the site you linked is for 'alt use' medical marijuana THC oil vapes. i think this is for most basic ecig canisters. not the advanced or double coil ones"
He was hanging out in Vermont. Is there a politician who isn't a liar? Where did you find this mythical beast?
los juevos grande Yeah... but C9 Balls is pretty manly too :o
Was* Rhodesia is Zimbabwe.
"Apparently in Russian gyms, you squat but never get up. ""shut up and squat"" advice that the guy on the left really should take to heart, goodness"
Right... but especially her No one's hot enough to warrant that behavior
"Wait so a not-so-known game website is blocked but not a really well known website known for dank memes at your workplace? Blocked at work, can anyone copypaste it?"
Was this just before or just after the fight? Keepin' it classy... Detroit Michigan style...
Better hope it gets resolved before January 20th... If you are in the US the department of labor might be interested. Being reprimanded for health concerns can be a pretty big deal.
"Nah, that's probably from the fumes made by gam-gam's SUV. FWD: Would You Look At That!"
"Yeah, the vast majority of companies I've interviewed with have all funded masters degrees and often encourage (and sometimes require) employees to pursue higher education. Most of my friends that were in CSE or IST only got their graduate degrees from the companies they ended up working for. I'd recommend going that route, and when interviewing with a company make sure to bring this point up. I've been interviewing people for a few years now, and the best people to hire are those that show they want to keep learning and growing in the field."
Let us know if u died. Sweet. Fuck Islam and fuck that stupid fuck Muhammad who fucked pigs.
Looks remarkably like a rift. My dad finally bought me my Vive!
"That would help for sure, but I don't think it works for past VODs... so we would have to go watch entire YouTube videos to find the ""good clips"" from the past campaigns. Twitch has this new clip system that people have been using for Coe's Stream a Day lately, that might be helpful for compiling these."
"Uncertain Hook is adorable Hook. Episode Discussion: S05E20 ""Firebird"" **Original Airdate:** May 1, 2016 *** **Episode Synopsis:** Hades seeks help getting Zelena back from Rumplestiltskin and Peter Pan; Cruella De Vil wants the heroes to remain trapped in the underworld; Emma makes an unexpected friendship while looking for information about her family."
2 questions for you : how do you spend your free time at home and how did you post this ? I love not having the internet.
I'd so rather do a double than a split... saves me gas It's a law here. Except in a case of emergency employers are lawfully obligated to give employees 8 consecutive hours off between shifts..
r/cfbconspiracy R/cfbconspiracy
Them dang ol' Duke boys are at it again Hollywood couldn't have made it better
"The face inside from the edge behind the 9 to the edge behind the 3 is 27 mm, the outer metal ring is about 33.5 mm What is the diameter in mm."
"Stage fright, eh? I saw a dog do this once. Snapping at and chasing the falling water. A small crowd gathered around, everyone thought it was really cute. That is until the dog paused for about 5 seconds gave a funny look and then without warning unloaded the contents of his stomach in one glorous ""OOOUUUUUAAAAAAACCHHHH"" Wasn't so cute after that..."
That's what I was going for lol These are not the droids you're looking for
Much appreciated &lt;3 ah right ur the one with the super list lol okay ill get back to u with mega/ghost. ill keep u updated
Sweet crumbling brick foundation. This icicle on my apartment building is almost 2 stories tall.
"yeah, by that same logic I could use Nash and Dwight but I'd rather not If it's not the time they played on your team you could use Malone"
"Maybe if the criminal didn't try to rob the ATM right outside of the police station, this wouldn't happen... Just saying. Busted!"
"They also blow the locks off with a shotgun with a special round a lot of the time. Most of the time theyd use a c charge to blow away the lock(s), blowing a door down can significantly increase the amount of time youre inside the fatal funnel"
"As long as they make millions off of it, am I right? But its totally ok when rich people ask for government intervention."
"Mix with a bit of honey for stronger bubbles Or, if you wanna show off at a party: -Pour some soapy water onto a plate/flat surface -Take one of those empty brown toilet paper rolls -Dip one side in until a soapy barrier forms over the hole -Exhale vape into the roll from the other end These things grow HUGE. If you're wearing socks you can even (gently) play soccer with it."
"I'm fucking american Nice of you to join, salty german II!"
"I liked playing a spriest because I could dot up and run around with feathers if I got focused. Ugh me too. I'm bad. I like to sit behind everyone and kill shit without getting touched. If someone attacks me while questing, I just run because I usually can't win."
An economy in shambles and two wars which the previous administration kept off the books will do that. Didn't Obama already add $10T to the debt in 8 years? Seems normal these days.
"Check the author, I think you'll get it. Am I wrong? I'm always using these reddit guides thought they are pretty accurate."
"Perhaps not a war veteran, but someone who has lived in Russia for most or all of their life. Nope. It would have been 1950 when he was twenty."
"Link not working (mobile, page not found) okay, hear me out. [what if joey claire had a cute mermaid tail](/dunkass)"
Does JP live there too? I almost forgot OCE lives on the future
"""Everybody's working for the weekends"" ""Adults live for the weekends."" -My childhood dentist"
"I wonder how long till they make another go of prohibition but with porn this time. Prohibition was another example, and also a policy designed and pushed by feminist forces"
You'll learn. My problem is I can't drive a stick...
"Definitely, the dialogue and story would then at least be above the level of prehistoric cave paintings. Would rather have bioware do it than say bethesda."
"Let's see if he can even play after two years of inactivity. Hypothetical Darryl Washington comes back If Darryl Washington comes back and only has a 2-4 game suspension, would you be more willing to trade him to help out another position, or would you keep him?"
"Because social justice is a bullshit cause and uptight, mollycoddled first worlders are the only one who 'fight' for it. Redditors who use ""SJW"" as a pejorative: what's wrong with fighting for social justice?"
dont buy windows torrent it What should I do?
"I'm pretty sure somewhere in their contracts it must say something about ""by signing this you agree that you will play"" What happens if a team just doesn't play? Lets say GSW wins enough to get the #1 seed for sure, could Pop and the Spurs just not take the court for the rest of their games since they're for sure the #2?... I'm not talking just resting top guys, but like no one plays, at all... they just take a week off. I assume there is some sort of fine or what type of punishment for screwing all the ticket holders, any idea what actually happens to a team if they just don't play? .... I know it sounds stupid in this scenario, but wasn't LAC close to not playing when the Donald Sterling shit was going down?"
Can't tell if you're from Arkansas talking about the White River or it's just a coincidencidental comparison... I think they re-stock it every season.. Like trout ponds...
Blanket statement tolerant left
"The Subhumans (UK), The Crass, The Clash, Bad Religion, Dead Kennedys, Pre-80s Stiff Little Fingers Socialist punx/rudies get in here. What kinda music do you guys like? I've been listening to a shitload of leftover crack and associated bands."
"It is, you just don't notice. Movies made me think that toilet paper sticking to my shoe would be a major problem in my life."
"People are leaving Nova Scotia because there's no jobs, not because of taxes. After hearing taxes could increase again.."
"""Here in body, not in spirit"" is usually a **well** time. When someone asks me how I am, I say ""I'm at work!"" in a peppy retail voice. Half of people don't listen and half start laughing."
"You could even say he got lambasted... Billy was charged with ""unacceptable behaviour"",[10] ""lack of decorum"" and ""disobeying a direct order"",[16] and had to appear before his commanding officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Huw James.[10][18] Following a disciplinary hearing, he was demoted to fusilier. ... He's a goat."
"Rex Kern was pretty good from what I hear. I doubt the 1969 team had a monster playing QB that could move the pile six yards every play by himself. Unless somebody breaks his leg. Oh wait, you have another Heisman candidate backing him up if that does happen."
That's pretty much the case for any ship that can have it's thrusters blown off. It can take a beating but it suffers from a drastic loss of control after a certain amount of damage. It's effectively disabled.
I has a digital gauge though....... When a gas gauge on a car is half full the gauge reads 'ELF' Think about it
"And a pony, count me in. Dat free dental."
Why did you submit it here though? Not my work but I haven't seen it on here yet and thought you'd appreciate this.
You are right. Without parallax the home screen isn't constantly needing to be re-composited as everything shifts around ever-so-slightly.
"ITT: Lots of movies that make me realize the MPAA is broken What films that were rated R, do you think should've been PG-13? Terminator 2 and Predator come to mind..."
"I would have to give some props to this video, pretty innovative. This is what Nintendo commercials should be like."
And armored and genius neggs and ultranovas too. He is who I usually fight.
"You can get him even if you kill take the more... Deadly exit of that quest. I believe this depends on how you finish the quest, unless I'm just a pansy."
"Obama knows what he's doing (he doesn't) Apple could be on the hook for $19 billion in taxes, and the Obama administration is livid"
Another reason for me to take out a ridiculous loan to buy a Maserati and subsequently live in it. Same with Maserati. Fiat supports both but Maserati doesn't.
I was wondering why he was holding a hose. Seems like the kind of guy who's going to be asking you to put the lotion in the basket.
"He was born in 1967 and they both came out in 1993, so he would have been 26...close enough! Considering his age, slightly intellectual inclination, and levels of nerdiness, this isn't too surprising. I don't know his age, but I'd venture to guess that he was in his late-teens when DOOM and Myst were the two biggest names on the video-game scene."
"Fuck gabe... MRW my family stages an intervention to help me with my ""drug problem"""
"That is how banks count coins Can you find out how many of something you have by weighing them? Say I have a bag of gummyworms and I weight one and then all of them, could I then know how many I had?"
"#NAME? ""Suppose you were an idiot..."""
"I wouldn't get your hopes up I think it's going to create multiple universes and we'll see female Thor, Miles Morales Spider-Man, Falcon as Cap, Bucky as Cap, young Tony, etc."
"Natural wonders with spain Without spain, you can get a 7 food tile with a flood plains/grassland wheat tile with a grnary, sun god pantheon, and a farm with civil service if it is next to a river or fertilizer if not A lot of people get petra cities with mines on the hills, and if you get 5 year plan they become a 1 food six production tile, even though it could be higher with iron, forges, and hydro plants. What are the best possible tiles? I wanna know about all the different ways to turn some tiles into ones with huge outputs. Like a desert hill with iron and a forge in a petra city as russia, or the Sun God pantheon with flood plains wheat. What super tiles do you guys know how to make?"
"The only thing i can think of is encouraging employees to take clients out to meals, or to prevent them from buying food and returning it. I agree. Talk to your boss. Or just go ahead and buy groceries and file for reimbursements. Then if it is an issue push back. The rule doesn't make sense given your situation."
Do you remember when Jlaw as Jude Law? Jlaw sticks out as well
"I suppose they are training to lose the war, then. Yes, I don't see the link between the title and the actual content of the article."
"That's fair. True, but if you can't otk them after a good System Down i doubt you would win that game anyways."
SAMSUNG GALAXY PAPA JOHNS MITSUBISHI AXE BODY SPRAY WAL-MART CYBERPOWERPC OZONE WINS THE WORLD! SAMSUNG GALAXY OZONE WINS THE WORLD!
"Meh, JD gets a pass on the strict gender categorizations. Ah. I really only asked because it was a strutting guy in the gif (which I enjoyed) :)"
"Says the guy who spends most of his time trolling on the internet. You're taking away time that you could've devoted to friends, family, work, school, and other hobbies. BUT if have no friends and don't do anything else you find meaningful, you don't go to school, you loath your family and hate your job, well then there are no negatives."
"Is your CPU at 100% when you play bf1 Everything's up to date. Drivers are the first step I took to solve the issue, and no overheating or anything."
"I liked penguins, the animals that is. Out of town fans - how'd you pick your teams? Hey all, I'm new to the NHL and I live in England. I like quite a lot of the teams and not living in (or ever been to) America and Canada, I wondered how you guys picked your teams if you live in a different town than the team you support. Thanks for any responses"
Dowel rod from the home center store. Bigger rod.
Do those actually have an effect on the animation itself for the first hit? Apparently attack speed runes are the answer.
Simpson game I have finally achieved a childhood ambition.
"IP addresses for one. I doubt Riot will disclose how they track accounts, since revealing their methods can only help people exploit them."
I don't own amiibos but that was my first thought seeing this gif. So what was your first? :)
"Nice, another scumbag doing damage to other vehicles rather than doing the correct action of calling to have it towed or calling the police Good job being an asshole. Also a paraplegic. Someone kept parking in the striped zone of my apartment complex, I left a note asking them to please not park there as I couldn't get into my vehicle because of her parking. She parked there the next day and left a nasty note full of spelling and grammar errors taped to her window. I corrected the note, then accidently scraped her paint with my wheel. Oops."
"I do not look like a monkey! Wait, wut?"
"Yes, he has three games with zero TDs. Cut Russell Wilson?"
"These refs are bought... there is no way they can miss so many BLATANT calls against us... wtf Official Game Day Thread: New England Patriots (10-0) @ Denver Broncos (8-2) | Kickoff 8:30 PM ET, November 29, 2015 | Sports Authority Field at Mile High, Denver, CO"
Probably the first fighter's guild quest. The kwama warrior in one of the egg mines outside Balmora. I went in on some quest or other and got torn apart.
Damn you! This is the song that never ends.
"They were around 8-10 minutes before the patch, but I'm curious to see how that has chanced with mercenary mode. So have PVP times decreased in queue time or no?"
"I've always wanted to bang the Williams sisters just for this reason. Can't take credit for this line as I got it from r/gameofthrones but someone said ""That's how you breed a left tackle."" Unfortunately I can't find the original comment now either. Sorry mystery Redditor, your comment made me laugh way to loud for my small cubicle. I hope it can bring these fine folk the same joy."
"I know, if only it were a tight tight. wow this was a loose loose... i had my hopes up :P"
Upoveted for upvoted for edit. Upvoted for edit.
20 eyes. You get to add (1) zero to any number in your life? Where would it be and why?
not just you. Is it just me or does Mike Pence look like he's squinting 100% of the time?
"Well looks like it's science time! It probably isn't And I can't find anything specifically about what boiling rounds would do, only putting them in fires, deep frying, and microwaving...."
Your right but on the second line it does say Aug so they should fix that September 5-6. It is in the title of the linked post.
"Guys Im sorry but I dont know what other shorts to wear, somebody please help me Im a lost soul Not that I would ever wear either of those but I'm kind of annoyed at all of the homophobic comments being made by people who cover up their closet case by wearing cargo shorts and t-shirts with snarky sayings."
"Team Crunchyroll and Team HyperX, lol. No, so if curse academy, c9t or c9e got into LCS they would need to find a new organisation"
There are so many creepy hands in this picture. A Tree
Yo I got your back on any reddit fights if you got mine irl my boy I like you.
"Chemotherapy. 300 Years ago many believed in Witches, Werewolfs etc. What things in today's age do you think will be laughed at in 300 years?"
"Uhhhhh..... I think you need a new man OP, he sounds like a flake. MRW My SO WANTED to spoil me this Vday by taking me out to the most $$$ place (70$ steaks) and then tells me today, ""Can you pay?"" I didn't want to go there to begin with! UGH!"
Is it just me or does Dazed sort of look a bit like that Lamborghini garage guy? GODaZeD knows how to Parkour
"Rifle is fine. HELP ""off center"" upper"
"It's a three story structure and I'm worried that,the supports for the bridge will interfere with the floor below or just look funny. Just use a bridge, bro."
"I honestly forgot Rami existed, and I'm sad that I now remember. Jennifer Scheurle &amp; Rami Ismail tweet ""wish you were here"" from a conference, Notch replies ""I will never be there, I value truth too much."""
400 lb TROLL...lOLOLOLOLOL Hahaha Michael Moore is pissed. Everyone please be sure to thank him @MMFlint for his service to the Trump campaign.
If fucking only... Or maybe China is preparing to pull the rug under global capitalism and introduce world socialism. #dontletusdownchina
This is **BEYOND** denial. Console players try to spot the difference between PS4 and PC
Pretty rich coming from someone who writes for a fascist website. A reminder that Based Milo once spent a few hours harassing Ian Cheong using long-debunked information
oh fuck off Somehow banned on an inactive account
"So Cubans who fled a communist dictator are the extremists? Right-Wing Extremists Celebrate Death of Fidel, Praise Trump"
Shut up! Someone always has to block Caitlyn ult.
"Considering the quality of the new icon compared to the old one, I feel like the old one was more of a placeholder. That's more like it, Valve"
I never said anything about putting down women. I think you need to rethink your argument. I don't think men's rights is about putting down women.
Ah jeez I don't know Rick Oh geez rick
There's a ton of variety for GL. Fair enough. But the lack of variety in the GL's moves is my only gripe with the weapon.
Adorable. This is our little corgi when we first got him
Damn that realforce is awesome! My New SSK + Blanks (Bonus RF 87U)
Derppole Tadpole under a microscope.
"Damn he's younger than me Man, what a breakthrough this lad has gotten in the past week. Fucker was only born in 1997!"
"Cost me ~$250 for the system, the pro controller and Super Mario U. 50%!"
"Everyone flys crabs in everyone, source used to pick up and steam crabs for canton dockside. I was under the impression they didn't use Maryland crabs, but fly them in."
Why? Any time you donate to non profit organizations' websites and it asks for your credit card's security code is a big red flag.
"I was expecting insect cyborgs, not a artificial neural network. Robots with insect brains"
"If you don't have a smartphone, you're screwed. How do I make masturbation better for me?"
Such frumentarius frippery does not belong here! Even a fool sounds profound when he scatters sagacious buzzwords throughout his discourse.
"But that's different...because of things. Michelle Obama Cries Over Donald's Words, But Invites Jay-Z into The White House. Watch Jay-Z Assault This Underage Black Girl"
"But you're a nagger, right? I don't see what the problem is. I say Nagger all the time!"
"Men are disposable. I sadly and regretfully agree...a massive, massive divide here. It almost feels as if, ""Women *deserve* to be put first in terms of sociological/psychological research/discussion"", whereas men are secondary. It's damaging and we're remaining stagnated as a culture. Glad to know I'm not the only one thinking this way."
"I've got my fingers crossed for either RoboCop or The Shockmaster. Who will help Reigns and Ambrose? You see the writing on the wall, the Wyatts are now 3, the shield stands at 2.... who will becoming to aid them in the no doubt 3 on 3 match? The Rock? an old twist for ""family"" to join up against family? when will Rollins turn face and be with them again?"
"Oh, fuck off. Or maybe you cracked a stupid, facile joke that has already been made multiple times in the comments."
THROW IT AWAY I'm on my phone. Shut up.
"CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE A kid called my AK74 an AK47. (""Hey nice AK47!"") which triggered me. I put one .12g bb in his bag of 0.25g bbs"
"The ""insert"" key is a government conspiracy! So no one told him to tap the ""insert"" key?"
Flair your post as a meme or the mods will remove it. Lugia test
plot twist: it is really just a tiny man. Worm by Yurev Stanislav
"hard to judge albums that u werent alive to listen to its hard out there for an infant Whaaaat no way, you can't just ignore his 4 albums prior to MBDTF."
"and idk what stunk more, his jock or that last Baez AB Andrew Miller hasn't washed his jock strap since his last bad outing on September 7th. That's 18 appearances and 51 days."
He just throws green engrams at you. Rahool confirmed as next raid boss
much wow A friend of mine that worked in a doge dealership told me that the doge viper was the car most frequently crashed on the way home for the dealership. Never found a confirming source for this but it always amused me.
"Still living large @ Sandy bridge. There are tons of people still chugging along with Sandy Bridge CPUs that came out almost six years ago. I wouldn't bother waiting as there will always be something marginally better around the corner in a few months. You also have to consider that even if you do wait for launch, you'll likely be paying a premium unless you wait even longer for stock issues to sort themselves out and the price to settle. The 4790K (and even the 5820K) were being recommended over the 6700K at the beginning of its lifespan for this reason."
Consistent communication and concentration for that long of a time is not an easy task my friend you guys realize they are playing a video game not running a marathon?
So mad they didn't get Vinny Chase for that. New Netflix Original about Pablo Escobar called Narcos.
"Had a parlay of Tito and King Mo....if the judges just stuck to how they judged every other fight I'd be couple hundred richer Which MMA bet do you feel robbed on? This could be a terrible decision or a bad DQ by the ref. For me I bet on Thatch in the distance against Paulo Thiago and Feijao by KO/TKO against Pokrajac. Never felt so aggreived to have lost money since Pokrajac tapped to strikes, the first ever submission victory of Feijao career."
"This place is amazing, highly recommended. Go to JeJu Spa in Duluth and just pay $25 for 24 hours access. You have clean showers, steam, sauna, and can sleep in the communal crystal rooms (they vary in temperature from frigid cold to normal room temp to very hot). Nobody will bother you, you get a locker to secure your clothes/valuables. I know several background extras who live way outside the metro area who use JeJu as a place to sleep that's safe and clean."
"Well it's getting a live action movie adaptation with American actors so we can look forward to that *Unpopular opinion:* I just can't watch anime. I can't handle the cartoon style. For example, I'm a big sci-fi fan and while I appreciate the story of Ghost in the Shell I can't sit through the film because I find the animation so grindingly annoying. If I pause it then it looks great, but the motion really gets to me."
Nice Between SKT and their 4th championship
"Yeah, just got home from it. Did you watch it in the theater"
"What are you weighing these days? Yeah I do eggwhites and heavy cream for breakfast with some no sugar coffee creamer for flavor, chicken leg/thigh for 2 meals and whatever my girl makes for supper. Generally works out but sometimes (off days) I'm just not hungry. Started IF on off days now tho"
Polls. Says who?!
We would! r/mycology might like this too.
"Seriously, because Clinton doesn't *ever* generate this much enthusiasm. why does every single bernie rally get posted here. Seriously every single one of them!!"
"Halo 4 hands down On a not-so-serious note, Cortana is hotter than she's ever been."
Magma Chamber 1v1 and 2v2 best mode easily The best mode ever made in LoL history
"Yay, internet police Police Arrest Man On Felony Charges For Fake Facebook Page"
"Joseph Smith reincarnated. Egypt sheikh says girls should be married, have children starting at 14-years-old; he is also a member of the Constituent Assembly tasked with drafting Egypt's new constitution"
Under budget Lol I like how they think they can silence us on social media and the Internet. All the paid CTR trolls in the world can't do shit to us because we shit post and meme it up for the Donald *for free*.
"It's ridiculous that they kept such an effective psychological deterrent secret. One of the first things you learn about nuclear deterrence is that it's a *terrible* idea to keep any sort of nuclear deterrent out of the public eye. Your potential adversaries don't need to know how a system works, but they *do* need to know that it exists. Otherwise, you risk your opponent miscalculating because he doesn't know what you're capable of - then **BAM** World War III. This is the reason the world freaked out about Dead Hand when they found out about it. The system itself was a terrible idea, but the fact that it was secret completely unbalanced MAD and could have escalated a tiny misstep or total accident into full-blown war (almost did, in fact)."
Not all of us. A 90's kid just called himself old? I'm still shocked you guys are allowed to drink now...
...and damn reposts that aren't even funny. Damn trains...
Go to KU's Campus...I'd say its about 35% black Kansas may be the whitest school I've ever seen lol
"Moved to Washington where they already have this bill, it's awful, it's really ""right to fire"" and ends up contributing to a lot of subtle discrimination. Proposed Delaware ""Right-to-Work"" bill impacts nearly 26k jobs, gives tax breaks to selected businesses"
Fuck you for reminding me! Procrastinating.
"Total sodium amount? Inspired by a question on this subreddit, I present my ""Respons-ables""; an adult based easy prep lunch."
"They're beautiful. Any of you that have been to one of the games this year? If so, how's the new video screens?"
Those are some nasty x-winds Plane aborts landing due to high winds
"The wtf is not the sign, but the picture itself. This is a sink. So what the hell am I suppose to use the water for?"
"What's ""gcu""? Destiny - PS4/XBoxOne/PS3/X360 ($29.99) GCU ($23.99)"
U F
Mate you're blowing my mind Not much Nexus 6 news out there right now. The OS is stable and the new model is still a few months out.
Does all this drama mean the biff will finally be back in this showdown? Adelaide's replacement showdown guernsey unveiled
"Holy shit, shut the fuck up. Yeah, i like how you bring up ""class"" now that you get fucked, but when i bring up getting OTM puts you go full douchenozzle, if you going to dish it you better take it. This WSB, WE as classless as they come, motherfucking sharks here !"
What kind of shithole did this pop out of? Kill all games?
where's the fish bowl? Bill Nye Rocks Out.
That was an extremely fast reply... 17 seconds to be exact. You da best :)
"AKA resting bitch face Megyn Kelly. She's cute but seems like the type to ask you ""are you finished?"""
Pyth was manually banned from a league after his insane deagle ace. Found to be cheating could include M0E if you count him as a pro player.
"To be honest, I kinda wanna see it. I tend to forget his personality."
"Paradise CA, about a 14 minute drive from where I am. And where is this?"
"im guessing publicity and consistency. As a Trump supporter, can anyone explain what's going through Jill's head right now? I really don't understand what she hopes to gain, is she doing this for publicity? Does she want Hillary to win now that they've had time to rig? Does she want Hillary in prison? I don't understand her angle on this, the only thing I can possibly think of is publicity or far worse."
"delete this, correct it, and reupload, no one will notice [](/HassanChop) b I spelled it wrong [](/OpieOP)"
inb4 Activision starts making CoD campaigns to be released chapter by chapter At least they are not letting you pay for the privilege of using a level select. To be honest I can see some people who may find a use for this so as long as they don't charge for it it's fine. It won't effect anything you do if you want to play in correct order.
What are the other games? I don't hate Monday's no more
What should I mine instead and where? You should not mine mithril and adamant if you're looking for fast levels.
He hides some of his defensive inconsistency by scoring goals tho. world xi center back ladies and gentleman
"That's definitely the confusing part to me. Well I, for one, don't see a pond anywhere."
"Ghoul racist Lol Raul isn't the best example considering he's a ghoul. I didn't mean literally every square inch was exploded, if that were the case, there'd be hardly any buildings left. I meant enough bombs were dropped so that theoretically the fallout covers the whole nation. Now naturally there are a few places that have managed to avoid the damage, but that's mostly going to be valley areas which are surrounded by mountains and less susceptible to fall out being blown in. Otherwise if you're on flat land, odds are you've got radiation around you."
"While it's not the feminist groups doing this, they are the ones that advocate for this kind of behavior, notably always trusting the woman and men are guilty until proven innocent. I love all the comments that, instead of saying how stupid the law is and that both of them should be free of any charges, are screaming ""jail the girl too!"". Yeah, maybe that's why nobody takes MRAs seriously, when instead of rooting for the male you try to punish the female. It's not like it's the girls fault, it's stupid laws (that were written by mostly men, not feminists that you so strongly hate). Maybe advocate for changing the law instead of bashing feminists on every occasion?"
lol i bet you they will end up telling you that the coupons are either expired or they dont take them This glorious day has finally arrived!
Not blowing up. What's the big deal with mosfet?
And yet one of the biggest recent arguments for health has been socialized medicine. Health is rooted in Capitalism.
Lost it at insertacija stapica Kako se pravi sladoled Rumenko?
i'm fucking retarded. 10=October. What?
Thank you very much! Eh you can pay while we're doing it. :)
"Repost, but still a nice concept. Rain forest"
I mean i have a trailer and an engine To get it in proper seaworthy conditions you're looking at several thousand EASY
"You're welcome :) I really really hope it turns out to be nothing. oh yeah thank you, i am a little panicked and totally forgot about that subreddit"
"lol ur real mad Ereck Flowers is a tough guy and has a nasty streak I know that because Jerry Reese said so, everything Reese does is perfect and if you don't agree you're not a real fan"
"What did he do to get banned from the lands? He trespassed on Costaro land, after being banned until he re-payed them for his faults. Then he committed high treason by conspiring against Nathaniel."
"Old Men of OpTic Nade, Rambo, BigT, and Merk make up the ON roster...."
"No, sorry :/ Anywhere else? It's straight-up gone from there."
"What's the difference? She used ""effect"" instead of ""affect""..."
Someone had to teach everyone else. Do you think.... Do you think that Zuko could bend lightning after he made peace with himself and relearned fire bending from the dragons?
they come to him. Assuming he can find any demons
"OP is asking what the specific mistakes are, how is ""not executing"" a helpful answer? Biggest mistake novices make is not executing punishes. Either they dont know how to follow up or they flub the execution."
"Anyone who looks back at Jose Aldo's legacy and thinks ""loser"" is an imbecile. This is a dumb move for Aldo. It cements his ""loser"" status. If he walks away, he just gives up his opportunity for revenge and looks like he was defeated in his mind, just like he was at 194. He should wait for Conor like Nate is."
They both said they'd never prop up a Harper minority. We just got to get the Libs and NDP to get along
What the fuck... pause. She my day one
"It's worse than bitter when you piss off all the people making that money for you, the people who also happen to handle and prepare your food. They should get more and work less. Because they are better than you. Smarter, more educated, more valuable. Life's a bitter pill when you realize your station in it."
"Brilliant, I've never heard a joke like this before. Prom Prom was approaching at Central High School, and Doug needed a date. He got the nerve up to ask a popular and pretty girl, Susan, to prom. To his surprise, she said ""yes."" He was so excited, he went to a tuxedo shop that day to secure his rental. There was a very long line, as many other boys were renting tuxedos as well, but he waited patiently because he was so thrilled, and orders his tuxedo. A week passes. Doug realizes he wants to rent a limo for the big night to impress Susan, so he goes to a car rental shop. There's an even longer line and over a hundred people are waiting, but he's so excited that he waits and waits and finally secures his limo reservation. The big day approaches, and Doug can't contain his excitement. He goes to the flower shop to buy a corsage and a boutineer. Every guy in town is already waiting in line, but he patiently goes to the back and waits his turn. Hours pass, and he finally purchases his items. Flower in hand, he goes and picks Susan up for prom. The night is well, and Doug and Susan are having a blast. They're dancing and laughing and having a generally good time, and soon Susan leans in close to Doug and whispers that she'd like a glass of punch. So Doug, bent on getting her a drink, looks over to the drink tables and sees that there's no punch line."
Can we take a break from this for a little bit? Current Federal Judge Supports Marijuana Legalization
Where would I download to usb? If I were you then I'd buy a USB 3.0 flash drive and just download Windows to that. Much easier than working with external drives. Is it a possibility?
"Nah, that's just Python. I think he made the physics engine lag..."
"Also New Jersey In Oregon, yes."
iirc it's just a way to have just one big thick cable run out of your playspace instead of multiple little cables so you wont trip. What is the purpose of the link box? Is it to give the cables somewhere to break away from?
The 2x2 can have corner parity but no edge parity 2x2 doesn't have parity
"Humans and Awoken suffocating while Exo's just look at them... The sulfuric atmosphere of Venus and molten glass on Mercury feels great on the lungs, doesn't it?"
I feel slightly better than neutral about this as well. I'm okay with this. This is okay.
"More likely to be running out of GPU than RAM. I'd see if you can get your console replaced if that's the case, that sounds like too much heat being generated by the ram. At the very least from my experience with computer hardware that sounds similar to what's happened to me before."
"I wont speak for all of dudedom- but for me this is accurate. That's because guys and girls use the word ""cute"" differently. When a girl says a guy is cute, 9 times out of 10 she means she doesn't want to fuck him. When a guy says a girl is cute, 10 times out of 10 he does want to fuck her."
hahahahaha? 2000 years ago
"And I have seen people compare Jesse Williams' BET speech to ""I Have a Dream."" I've seen people comparing that woman in front of police to Tank Man, and I die a little bit inside each time."
"Until I read ""from Half-Life 2"", my brain saw the word Overwatch and kinda internally squeed a bit ;) One step closer to Combine Overwatch from Half-Life 2."
I approve of this. there any room for nerdy as shit band name puns?
"It's not working for anyone, if you have stuttering in arena commander there is a problem. Yeh, the flight traning is not working for me... It is to buggy, every 6 second the screen freez for 2 seconds."
and the space jam theme should play and dva should turn into an anthropomorphic rabbit Confetti should be dropped in the spawn room when someone makes a basketball shot As long as they make it before the match actually begins so we don't have AFK basketball players in Overwatch.
I hear Narwhal is really good. Is any nonofficial reddit app supported on iOS?
Interesting how a man can be a genius in one regard and a complete moron in another. Why does he have to be a Scientologist :(
"They could easily have the personal assistant aspects process on the machine. DuckDuckGo might need some modification to work. The idea of using Bing is that it can handle the collection of your personal data (if you use Cortana or Siri) and the natural language parts of search, allowing for the personal assistant aspects of modern OSs. DuckDuckGo is just an anonymous search engine. For just the simple internet searches it would work."
You think that bots will be picking 13 million flax when the price of flax is so low... Too op man. The farming hiscores frontpage would be overtaken by bots :/
"They are still convinced the EC is going to elect Hillary....... **The US Left are being such fucking cunts, behaving like a bunch of petty children throwing a tantrum.** They can't understand or accept the last election was a referendum on their bullshit."
Hopefully you're on the first plane over. You don't know there won't be a war. Hopefully there will be.
"I was going to respond to this but it looks like the other guys are helping you. Netgear WNDR3400v2. Does that count as a crappy router? (legit question, not a snarky attitude filled one.) Also paired with a Motorola SB6121 DOCSIS 3.0"
the cocktease is too real (Spoilers) GameXplain video about the Federation Force post-credit scene. Claims to be a tease for Metroid Prime 4.
"If you can smell it it's already too late I was always told ""If you can smell it, everyone else can too."""
"thanks man, this made my day Didn't think that it would even buy 1, I assume that someone is rather upset atm."
"Wayne Rogers, Trapper John, new years eve due to pneumonia Also Scott Weiland before Lemmy, but that was an overdose, I guess, and not surprising really."
"Dude, Brodus Clay owns. I honestly can't think of many because the big stars all have their music taken from professionals. Big Show, Undertaker and Kane (since Kane came back he's not using the one with lyrics anymore that were wrote by some band) are about the only ones that come off the top of my head as original. But then again, half the time I am turning off raw because some of the matches lined up are awful. Like the Perez Hilton guested Diva match. The fat Grand Master Funk (Flash-Funk)/Godfather dude."
"I'd honestly keep your team like that until you can get Heimdall, then I'd switch out Wolfgang for Heimdall. Team building help please!"
"Yeah you seem like the kind of person that would laugh at your coworkers behind their back. I mean, if you think busting your ass a little harder for every table is worth talking to a stupid little kid, I won't judge you, I'll pass that table off to you every time and laugh behind your back while the 4 top of grown adults order some booze."
"You got it all backwards. Not necessarily, current weather conditions are among the worst to fly in. The hilly terrain just makes it worse. An additional factor is that in crisis situations like these, 'peacetime' go/no-go regulations wrt weather minimums, take-off weight and such are bent to the breaking point."
"I do the same thing, but I've been incredibly lucky since 90% of my random opponents end up being zerg which is great for cheese I give people an inordinate amount of random wins because I get tilted the second I see the dice and just pick something stupid to do to get it over with."
"Not in really modern or older eternal formats, and they are way to slow for this card to make them work mostly beacuse if your intent is to cast this card you have to wait untill turn six in a turn 4 format. scrylands are common, no?"
"That mei be, but your an energy bar. That may be, but you're from the past"
"Have I ever told about my six weeks of PTO or the number of public holidays? Wait, what brb moving to Europe."
Out of the loop: what are those? Now I never have to leave my Battlestation
"But wasn't gandhi kind of a dick, in some ways? They said Gandhi is in hell, so not many."
I honestly wouldn't be surprised if it was but I'd be surprised that he would get that kind of information before hand He must be Clow Kappa
"At least waterfall and surf are actually good in battle HM's can be a real pain sometimes, especially as some of the moves are particularly weak like cut and rock smash. I remember in Ruby I always had either a Gyarados or a Golduck in my party just to teach him: Surf, Waterfall and Dive, thats a lot of HM's."
"Bojan? Least likely captain for your club As a Gooner, it comes down to 2 candidates for me: Emmanuel Adebayor or Ashley Cole, and Cashley wins it by a nose. What player would you find least likely to wear the armband for your club. Note: does not have to be in the club right now"
"I voted! Verify your vote here! Type: ""I voted!"" below!"
"I'm not going to let Matt Damon escape Mars. You are now the antagonist in the last movie you watched, what are you going to do?"
"What? The Holocaust definitely happened, 6 million people died."
"Thanks for the update. That guy was put to shame on twitter, he shut his acct down."
"Poop the ring onto her back I am planning on proposing to my girlfriend soon, does reddit have any creative ways, or ideas on how I could do it?"
"Like as good as the 360 and ps3, or better then them, or is it scale down a lot? Crytek is bringing Crysis 3 to Android (it won't be a GRID title) so it is very relevant."
that is an adorable ship :3 I'm on a Moon. It's toxic. I'm going to circumnavigate it on foot. ShadowPlay will capture everything. Wish me luck!
"That actually kinda makes halfway sense. You know what WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAGH! roar actually fixes them up to full health? That's how oddboyz and warbosses can take out a whole station, ultramarine teams, and Sisters of Battle squads."
"Republican In Name Only What is a ""RINO""?"
"It is wourth mentioning that she holds iranian citizenship along with british, so according to Iran, she is iranian and will be treated accordingly. British woman jailed for watching volleyball is freed by Iran"
No problem! Oh. Thank.
"How was that not PI? Official Game Day Thread: New England Patriots (1-0) @ Buffalo Bills (1-0) | Kickoff 1:00 PM ET, September 20, 2015 | Ralph Wilson Stadium, Buffalo, NY"
[](/raritywhy) All I wanted was an R-Dash 5000... [](/twistare)What. The. Buck. Just. Happened?
"HE DID IT FOR US 2015 WWE Hall Of Fame Official Discussion Thread Macho Man, Conner, Arnold, and more get their names engraved into WWE History!"
"Where you living now? I grew up in Abbotsford. It does have its nice spots, but they're few and far between. Generally, the town is a nondescript suburb that's been poorly planned and has zero personality. You couldn't pay me enough to move back there. Don't be envious of your friend."
Absolutely. Thx for the long answer! One last question. Do non-scholarship NROTC cadets still get commissions in the navy or marines?
"It would be contained within a controlled magnetic field when it is shot out of the capacitor. This is because unlike a laser, plasma isn't just a ball of energy. I would imagine that there is a projectile you can't really see that holds that plasma together. It would just need to be a magnet. A strong magnet to bind the plasma to it's field."
"If they're single, I probably already have a crush on them You meet a cute girl/guy. What's one thing they could do or say that would immediately make you have a crush on them?"
I've been on steam since 2009 and I have under 15 games... Oh god. I've only had a gaming PC for a few weeks and I have 109 games and you had 86 in 3 years. I think I might have a problem.
"Now im hoping Valenccia to be back I've seen a few players get injuries like this over the years - Alan Smith, Eduardo, Cisse, Ramsey and Valencia and pace is never usually an issue. I swear Valencia came back faster and stronger than he ever was before. He will be affected in other ways for sure, but I doubt pace will be one of them."
Just did :) NAM is MANDATORY also ud be happy to register in simtropolis
If a washable kitchen item shouldn't go in the dishwasher it shouldn't go in my house. Washing my cast iron skillet in the dishwasher.
ouch... weber looked good last night.. nothing like a 16 year old pitching in the majors..LOL.. It's gonna be a lot of fun watching these pitching prospects come up whenever the next injury/trade/act of domestic violence occurs
"Nah, but I got a footlong U got 5$?"
I love this one. Mos Def - Mathematics
Sometimes called bowel movement but we in the wrong place for that term What's bm?
European teams are willing to release a player for a lump sum of cash I can attest to that. 21 games of Jan Vesely was enough for me. I'm confused as to why they're pursuing Vesely when he signed a two-year deal with a Turkish League team. Is there a clause in his contract where he can void his deal with his Turkish team if an NBA team gives him an offer?
"No she'll just have to buy her own clothes for special events now. Aw, poor Melania will have to dress in rags."
"Might be a tube heater issue, but I'm no EE so take my words with a grain of salt. I figured you guys would know the most about this. My tube headphone amp has recently started getting REALLY hot. What's going wrong? I've been using the Bravo Ocean headphone amp for about a year now. I know this is really a ""hybrid"" amp in that the tube is basically just flavoring the signal, not amplifying it. Still, it's a good little amp and I do the bulk of my listening through my speakers anyway. Down to the point. Over the past few weeks the tube and body get EXTREMELY hot. Like, literally burn your hand hot. It wasn't always this bad. I've opened it up and looked inside and everything looks good, no busted capacitor or anything of that sort. I've tried 3 tubes and it's the same for all of them. After about 45 minutes it gets extremely hot and it only continues to increase in temperature until I get scared it's going to blow up so I turn it off for a little while. Also, it doesn't matter which of my headphones I use; Beyerdynamic DT-770's, HiFiMan HE-400's, and the Sony MDR-V6, the amp gets fucking hot no matter what. What could be causing this?"
Alcohol. What is something you wish was illegal?
ITT: Laker fans proposing super-slanted-towards-LA trades and then saying that they wouldn't do them. ]Stein] :Lakers actively trying to acquire DeMarcus Cousins in trade with Kings
"No... If you experienced what I did these two last days, you'd give up too. Unplayable for you, enjoyable for others"
Amgam Rager Which card would be op if his attack/hp stats were reversed?
Anything Bethesda or Rockstar imo What games do you guys think are overrated?
"No, growing up as a man, and being taught that the path to success is self reliance, conditioned him to better ignore his surroundings and get the job done. Do you think your hard labor conditioned you to better ignore your surroundings and get the job done?"
lolwut Warriors reached out to express interest in free agent guard Wayne Ellington.
i thought salt was devalued in pro esports Kappa He barters his salt.
"true true Yeah, I mean, he would need time for training obviously. So he'll probably miss more than 3 matches even if he's back in 21 days. But if he could make the bench for Middlesborough and maybe start against Reading that'd be great."
Plus when yall and the chargers play it's awesome! Our unis should never change. Pure timeless style.
"Bloodborne New to PS4, looking for some help with getting started Hey everyone! I haven't owned a Playstation product (other than a very short stint with a PS3) in quite a few years, back when I had a PS2. I switched over to Xbox 360 last generation, then upgraded to Xbox One, which I still have. I bought a PS4 for some particular exclusives that I loved from the PS2 days (Ratchet &amp; Clank, MLB The Show), and was looking to find out what additional exclusives I should check out for this console? Also, I'm looking for any accessories (excluding headsets) that you guys have found beneficial that I might not think about/notice. Thank you for your time!"
"I've said it before and I'll say it again, the deaf community is pretty dang strange Letting your child hear things = abuse"
"Melee or ranged only items would probably help that Ad itemization is pretty fucked though. It's hard to give them other options without indirectly buffing riven, jax, gnar, yasuo, etc: ad bruisers. For AP it was easier since there wasn't a seperate ranged dps class that built ap."
I think at this point it's probably for the best to stick with what we have right now. What happens when Abe returns to draft his team on the 30th?
"Surely if there was every any chance of bringing around world peace this could be the solution. guys, do you think we'll ever see them???"
"Thanks, your solution sounds the easiest. This man is correct. If you want to move all of the lines around together, **select everything you want to group and press F8.** This will create a movieclip (or graphic, or button) in which you can nest animation, and edit the object. Plus you can easily get more copies of any movieclip that you've made (even if you deleted it from the stage) from the library."
A lot What needs to happen for your team to make thr NCG?
"Sure he wasn't talking about antihistamines instead of amphetamines? Hell, in a double overtime a few years ago don cherry was talking about players doing speed in the dressing room between periods of long overtime games to stay engaged"
welllll... they're british... Good job using 'black' and not 'African American.'
Maybe some TJ Collins music would help? H3H3 Statement on twitter
"Cringe pic maybe, but not funny. Grandson of the Year Nominee"
M'isandry Muh male oppression
Why don't you name some studies that prove that 24bit has a noticeable difference? That is not a valid study. I would wager you wouldn't know a valid study if it punched you in the vagina.
"Well, maybe next time you will know what the difference is in a patch and DLC. God forbid someone does not follow destiny like its the second coming of christ. I checked out what was going on on this sub today, saw everything talking about 2.0 coming out and assumed the game was coming out today. Best buy is 2 blocks from my office so i went during my lunch break and they told me it comes out the 15th so i pre ordered it. Easy mistake to make."
Prob could use better shoes Kate Upton at the gym
"Your post, thoughtfully composed and succinct, with each word carefully chosen for MAXIMUM impact and exposition of the Truth, was appreciated by me. Where can I report people for excessive procreation, the greatest wildlife crime of all?"
she disagrees with you. Kissinger is not on her advising team nor is he shaping policy for her.
"The early FPS of the 90's... System Shock, Marathon among many, many others What old PC games need revived? I'm relatively new to gaming. I've been at it for around nine or ten years. In addition, I spent most of my gaming time on a console for about seven or eight of those. *** Since I missed out on a lot of older games, I was wondering which of these have been stuck in limbo for the past decade or two. All I really managed to get into was Roller Coaster Tycoon 3, Unreal Tournament 2004 and Dungeon Keeper. The rest are the titles that confuse me every time a GOG promo weekend comes about."
"well diffusal cooldown just got nerfed to 4 seconds But in his case it's a little off, as while he is good in pubs he never really is great in Pros, as the whole purge just ruined everything issue."
"She was hiking the Appalachian trails. just another random hiker that accidently hiked from Iraq straight into Iran, nothing to see here folks."
"I'm in your neck of the woods, shoot me a pm! 704 University City area. Met a few wonderful people off here and I'd like to meet more."
This dumb shit is getting up voted? Tranquilizer guns It would be easy to take a hostage with some horse tranquilizers.
Maybe a bat in a bath in a vat? A bat? Sure it's not a vat?
Attention seeking SJWs? What is with you lunatics and ALWAYS mentioning rape when it doesn't belong. What is wrong with you people?
Fans of Sporting and Real will just copy paste your comment in their post match threads. That was the largest ever European away win in club history.
That's because its not on the app store 3k assistant comes with TAiG I can't find it in the App Store?
The only acceptable way to end the lock of death Calling in the A-Team
"Or just bring in new prems that are cheaper. With some planning you can remove things from shop for 2-3 months and then reintroduce them with lower price. So players have got the play worth ""played out"" and aren't reasonably eligible for cashback."
"I can get behind this. No more 10,000 dollar fines for wearing the wrong headphones and no punishment for cheap shots and attemps to injure another player. No more."
"Thanks! You have time for what, 7 episodes at most? I'd say the essentials are 1, 9, 15, 20, and 23. 15's maybe not entirely necessary but it's my favorite, I'm biased. If you wanted to add one or two more, you've got some options. You could throw in 13 and 14 for the Firestorm arc, or maybe 8 for Flash vs. Arrow. I'd probably add 17 for Tricksters and the creepy fucking Eobard background. 21 is another good one if you like Grodd (I actually am not a huge fan, please don't kill me). If you like Cold a lot, you're looking at 4, 10, 16, and 22 as options. So yeah. My personal preference would be 1, 8, 9, 15, 17, 20, and 23. That's just my opinion though, and this is all from memory so I could easily be missing something. Have fun!"
ABSTAIN **Military peacekeeping and intervention in Tuvalu**
"...and that's how I cured all disease, ended war, and reunited the entire cast of TV's *Facts of Life*, including longtime holdout... Tootie. Ooh... Sounds like another Pulitzer for me to polish."
No wonder it's so hard for everyone to know where you're located. Well it's an island and that's as much as I wish to tell you.
I always think of him as the Mayor Harkonnen. Is it just me or does Rob Ford look like 60's Bond villain Goldfinger?
"""I'll pull the knife out my back and cut they throat with it mama"" -Drake Stabbing victim pulls knife out of own neck, kills terrorist"
"Their food quality has gone downhill in the last 6 months... too bad, really. Ichiban. They have pretty awesome Sichuan food. some of my favorites there: * Sichuan style cucumber appetizer * Cumin beef * Spicy crispy fish"
"lol... ""Peanut butter on a burger is like peanut butter on ice cream, but on a burger instead"" It was pretty fantastic. It's like the reddit post about melting peanut butter on your ice cream except this is a burger. This burger though was dry and lacked the ""heartiness"" most bison burgers have."
"I think you mean 110% commitment. Only difference I see between All time best of NZ, AUS, RSA &amp; IND, PAK, SL is the fielding quality, Asian teams are catching up on athletic standards required for 100% commitment on field."
"I feel that For real...for me it's more of a ""go out to car, smoke bowl, return inside"" thing whenever I wanna smoke. At least when I live here during the summer, kinda a buzz kill but meh."
And put Ezeli on hiatus in its honor Kerr probably likes HunterxHunter and looks down on the big 3.
Unless you are John McAfee! You're not going to break iOS encryption with half an hour and a disassembler.
"Cheesesteak with raw onions and peppers. ""Philadelphia Crunch"", I really like that name but can't think of anything to give it to, any ideas?"
"We'll get it once we get get Rebuild of Half Life 3+1 FINAL &amp; Knuckles Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry series comes out. Everyone is talking about Sinnoh remakes, but what I really want is another Kanto remake."
San Antonio and DFW are great areas to live in. As a person that has only driven I10 across Texas. Which is like driving a day and a half through a desolate boring desert. What is the best city for a noob to try and settle?
how did you download it? i got 2 980's downloaded it and played at 40fps! GLORIOUS
"Quite popular here out west too, seems all my friends have cottages on Vancouver Island, the Sunshine Coast, or in the interior. Read this, thought, Toronto. Clicked on your comment history, yeah, Toronto. It's less a 'white people thing' than a 'eastern Canadian white people thing'. Mostly because they're not really called cottages anywhere else."
Corazon in the house would be a cool show What is it with Cory in the house? Why is it always Cory in the house?
Seems to be working now :) Anyone else getting an error?
"It was deleted! I came across this link while browsing imgur. I don't know these folks, but this is one of the most powerful stories I've ever seen. I just wanted others to see it. Apologize if repost."
Meowgate... Falcons: 'Noisegate' Saints: Bountygate Bucs: ...umm... MRSAgate! Your move Panthers!
That photo is fake as shit. I'm fur her
"Probably just lucky, or as we say here in Texas, ""The Good Lord guided his hand such that the bullet could achieve its rightful destination."" I have to admit I don't know what handguns are like these days. I just know that sounds very different from what I was taught about 30 years ago."
I don't ^^rip he's just jokin around classic leaf btw i accept
"I'm sorry, man :( That's pretty much how I feel :( Even when I'm 'enjoying' myself"
#relationshipgoals brah (NSFW) Yenralt/Gennefer cosplay
If you don't notice anything obviously wrong I would just leave it alone. Yeah I think so too! Do you happen to know if it's supposed to be stuck onto the vinyl? Right now it's very loose and could slide around
but that's rational thought The math on this seems pretty straightforward: Who has 1. Never been America's Nominee 2. Only been a HN once 3. Gotten two care packages (Kryssie's Save a Friend and the Co-HOH) when it looked like he might be in danger 4. Never had America nominate someone from his side on his HOH 5. Is a vet with a social media presence who talks about how friendly he is with other vets on social media? If you want to win Jason has to be your highest priority target.
"Also thought that to lol When I first saw the still tag, I thought ""43"" meant 1943 and I was like ""what the hell?"" But then I realized it's futuristic and it's actually 2043. (Which by the way would make her 27 because BO3 takes place in 2065.)"
Just you So I could make an ASS out of U and ME
Does Android Pay use EMV tokenization the same way Apple Pay does? Google isn't Receiving a Percentage of the Transaction Fees from Android Pay
YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE^for^kg we will give you bass for 1 Deandre Jordan
"Best worst idea I have heard in a while, I am down. Lucioball instead of sudden death in competitive. Sudden death is coinflip anyways so I suggest to play Lucioball instead."
"I would like to see the tongue ""pull in"" power ups too. A new update to the game I'm working on by myself. I worked on the tongue attack, and water splashes since the last update. Tell me what you think, and share it if you like it. :)"
and on.... you can always turn it off...
"I'm gonna try and make my grandma a scarf and maybe gloves? With the holidays coming up, what gifts are you planning to make for the people in your life? Always looking for new creative outlets and inspiration :)"
Or keep them on the belt Thank you for the new way I'm going to keep my belt keepers organized.
"He really sounds like a cool guy to be around with. I lost my only gay friend at the time to a car accident. He was like the best bud to have. He never gave me that look. Never tried to get me drunk and take advantage. Was always introducing me to girls he's friends with. Was always interested in doing manly shit. Knew how to work on cars. Had excellent taste in clothing(loved taking him clothing shopping to find me things). Had all the cool man toys; truck, few motorbikes, rifles and pistols, a German Shepard named Hat. And, a father that was extremely proud of his son... Had I been gay. Miss you bro!"
Well this isn't current or part of obama care. Current insurance plans can't discriminate based on pre-existing consditions.
That's only one of the bigger aspects of the game .... DICE isn't the dev for the Medal of Honor series. Closest they got was designing the multiplayer for the last game.
We're like that old farm your parents take your dog when he gets really old and useless :'( As do most quarterbacks when they reach a certain age.
If anything you're more sensitive when you wake up. TIFU by trying to kill a fly
"or how TAM like to call him, ""The Decisionator"" Dominick ""The Dominator"" Cruz. 50-45 scorecards forever."
"Google/YouTube doing ""journalism"". Despite being the #1 trending video in the USA on Google Trends, O'keefe's DNC Incitement of Violence video is nowhere to be found on YouTube's trending feed."
Also Carnage was pretty good He still does a few serious roles here and there. His moderately minor role in *We Need to Talk About Kevin* was superb.
"Sounds like you're more of a reckless driver than anything else... Physically im pretty tough ive been in a 100 mph car crash and a 75 mph motorcycle collision with a deer, walked away from both with scraches. Ive also hurt myself doing sports and been badly beaten by 10 black dudes at once, i was injured but i healed fairly quickly. Emotionally i cried for like 10 min this morning when i looked at my ex wifes picture"
"What are you talking about, 3000 is not relatively low, you only need 500 above your tdee to gain Personally creatine doesn't make me more hungry but, working out more does. Are the intensity and/or frequency of your workouts increasing? If they are then that can be the reason for the hunger. Also, 3000 calories sounds relatively low for someone to be gaining. Your diet seems in check though."
"Hey, vanilla is good too! Eh. Waiting for SE to play, you'd have to wait for everyone to fix mods again. I'm not sure I would play special edition anyway."
Relevant for American news as well. Public Warning about Propaganda
"Wings part one and two Favorite song or album to listen to while driving? Personally, I love listening to Opiate (Album) while driving."
I think you just read it. .. Story?
Captain Pizza got ousted a few weeks before his main buyer Hoke I'm going to miss demanding sources for any article with the word Harbaugh in. In related questions is Captain Pizza still the AD in Michigan? I can't imagine Harbaugh getting on better with him than he did with Baalke.
Like all of them 5 Teams That Could Benefit from a Trade for Ervin Santana
"Nah, facts aren't good enough for some people. So you think that video is completely bogus? So what about the fact that the Arizona Secretary of State admitted that election fraud occurred?"
"Or you could go with famous people, you know something that can be varified. You want me to give you the name of people I know who are attractive and intelligent. Keep in mind you will have no idea who these people are. I am also getting down voted for saying that there are intelligent attractive women out there. That is hysterical. A bunch of frustrated virgins out there looking for women out of their league. Go internet!"
"in ""my documents"" Where do I find the screenshots afterwards?"
I'd hate to lose that bet and end up with Manning's face as the ball soars past his head though... Sidebar bet image?
Would plough all day Huge tracts of land.
"I was quoting George Carlin when he was talking about how children are treated today. It's more like ""play for the love of the game"" and ""hard work is its own reward"""
"Why are you here then? Not a gamer, yet I understand. Does this make me a genius?"
Never took a philosophy course. How's freshman philosophy going?
I have a job I just use all my money to pay for thing like food and rent. Well then you're doing something very wrong in your life lol go got a job do something!
"Because you have the Supreme opinion on the matter Got it. I thought that might be the case, but I wanted to clarify for anyone who thought driving while high was more acceptable than speeding."
"There is no valid reason to add labels for GMOs, it would be a huge hassle to fix it now (you would need to track the food through its entire process from farm to processing to putting together the ingredients to shipping it off to putting it in the containers), it would be expensive, THERE IS NO VALID REASON, the sales would drop like a rock because people already have such a bad perception of GMOs, and ***THERE IS NOT A VALUD REASON TO LABEL THEM*** Hogwash. Everything is already labeled. You are resisting adding a piece of known information to existing labels that a majority of people want to know and also attempting to imply that there's only one reason to label consumer products."
"Yeah I actually like the flavor and texture Does anyone like shredded chicken? I dont like it at all, I feel like the beefy mini quesdilla is way better than the shredded chicken one. And the chicken burrito and chicken taco should automatically be regular chicken, not shredded. The shredded chicken has no flavor and the texture is terrible in my opinion."
Stop screaming my mom's asleep. ### ~ IT'S FUNNY AND OKAY BECAUSE IT'S A NOVELTY ACCOUNT ~
"Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind Movies that will make men cry I know the title is dumb, but i find a lot of the sad chick flicks kinda boring so i don't ever grasp the story and therefore they never make me cry. I do however relate more to movies that are not aimed at women. I really like a good mystery or Sifi for example but am open to any kind of sad movie. Some movies i found quite sad and enjoyable include; Interstellar, WALLE and Green Mile for example. If anyone here knows of any other good ones please post below!"
Its founders would beg to differ America has no official language. No need to speak English.
"Jesus doesn't french press, you goddamned moron. What is the Best French Press Coffee Maker for 2015"
"You're not being forced to respond bud, you just keep choosing too. I keep leaving and you keep responding. if you don't want me here why do you keep dragging me back?"
HELP ME I HAVE NO IDEA EITHER IM JUST TRYING TO PLAY ALONG.
"thanks for the swift answer, I appreciate it and look forward to playing on the server later :) It won't last all night. This is an ironman event. Once you die, you log off the server. I would estimate five hours max."
"It's now equal to other console versions Anybody else hating the new youtube app? it's shite, total nightmare to look at a channels videos and the yt pair system seems to be buggered too. Not cool YT."
You have a lot to learn about the fucked up state of how unions work in the US. He should consider firing them for not doing their jobs
"citation needed You're comparing apples to oranges. It's interesting but not useful. In terms of physical attractiveness, while a man may be a ""7"" among men and a woman may be a ""7"" among women, in reality their power to attract the opposite sex will be different."
"I agree, Nidalee AP is fine, but her skillcap went trough the roof, because spear are harder to land, her heal is much weaker (meaning you have to be careful when you trade) and she is much less forgiving because of the new pounce's CD. Just fine. I enjoy it. I had 666 AP nidalee games last season and I think she's more fun to play now. I can weave spears through minions and I don't have to wait until i hit lvl 6 for the game to start."
"I always address to one person. Are you sending the mail to multiple people, hoping one of them will do it? This doesn't work. Presumably due to The Bystander Effect. Address the mail to a single person, the person responsible or most likely to do it, and CC the other people."
"I once read on here that it's ""best to assume everyone on the road is going to do the most ridiculously stupid thing at any given moment."" My dad taught me to drive like this. It's kept me out of several accidents, and probably saved my wife's life."
"Odd as it sounds ... by complaining about spoilers they intentionally seek out, apparently. That really ruins it I don't know how you do it."
"Lol, maybe the flags should be proportionally sized to the number of Chinese speakers in each of those five countries. Flag of Chinese-speaking Countries"
"So, we JoJo now... Anyone else planning an alternate universe to erase the rushed ending? Honestly, at this point, I started creating an alternate universe. Changes/New things from existing material: * Ichigo never lost his Shinigami powers; he's still Quincy and Shiba though. * Yhwach is still around, and did fight with Yamamoto 1000 years ago, but he was a Shinigami captain and the first Shiba(making Ichigo a true son born in darkness or whatever the fuck Yhwach was taking about) who developed the first Quincy powers and techniques, distributing them among those in his favor to create the first Sternritters. Yamamoto cast him into Hell with his Bankai, and sealed Yhwach's Shinigami zanpakuto. * Baraggan was the second king of Hueco Mundo; the first served Yhwach, and was sealed into Hell. * About 100 years before Shinji, Rose, Kensei, Love, Lisa, Machiro, Hachi and Hiyori became Hollows, there was another rebellion. A few disgruntled Shinigami, who had been experimented on by a young Mayuri, rebelled against the Soul Society. They lost, and retreated to an unknown location, while Mayuri was placed in the Maggot's Nest as both a threat to the society, and as a punishment. * Yhwach has an army, featuring the Fullbringers that would have been in Xcution in the canon timeline, Quincies from the canon time line(Bazz-B Grimmjow Renji bromance confirmed), the rebellious Shinigami, and leftover Hollows from Hueco Mundo as his minions. * Orihime's powers are the basis for a zanpakuto: her Shikai allows her to reject phenomena not in her favor and accept phenomena in her favor, while her Bankai allows her to punish those she deems wicked and reward those she finds favorable(There's a bunch of OP Zanpakutos coming BTW). New characters: * An artist who was made immortal from Mayuri's experimentation. His shikai allows him to create, destroy, or modify anything that exists, with the stipulations of ""Ask permission before modifying anything in the possession of another(So he could modify the ground to be riddled with spikes, but unless he is holding Zangetsu, or has permission, he can't modify it, though he could copy it)"", "" Any creation must be able to possibly exist"" and ""A life may not be altered."" His Bankai breaks the rule of possible existence; He could create, say, a magnet that attracts non-ferrous metals, or an endless staircase. He is third in the rankings of the Rebellious army. * A powerful young man with two amazing powers: He is gifted with a fire zanpakuto to rival Yamamoto's(He has a giant fire dragon that he can manipulate and use to enhance his own strengths, as well as precise flame control and highly destructive power flames and explosions), and he is the host of the King of Hollows. He's ranked second among the army. * A hot young lady with a clacker based zanpakuto. You know that scene in Jojo's Bizarre Adventure where Joseph Joestar beats up Whamu with Hamon filled clackers? Her zanpakuto allows her to create more clacker ends to be twirled and strike with huge momentum, so it's even better. She's among the rebel army. * A new good guy! He is a new shinigami, but his Shikai is a spear that allows him to manipulate the earth's crust within a radius of 500 meters in all directions. He could open a chasm to trap his enemies, or a mountainous wall to protect himself. He admires most of the Soul Society, and his skills are noted by Yamamoto to be exceptional. So those are some new things I wanted to think up. The plan is to go through the universe and the full story, and write it all down. But these are just some cool ideas I've come up with, and more will come eventually, I'm sure. Anyone else got an AU idea?"
Chistes sobre kirchneristas incoming... Cucaracha en vianda escolar: suspendieron al proveedor - MDZ Online
"I like using charcoal with embedded mesquite, tastes and smells wonderful. Where does firewood stand on this scale from food to God? I've never had anything cooked on charcoal or propane"
"Google it Why do people not use google when they have a question? Like, when is daylight savings time?"
"honestly, I think the current nu wa does NOT fit the old nu wa's clothing AT ALL. We don't NEED new animations cuz of the staff, we want at least her old clothes"
tat putty
"* mnemosyne * kampfer * kore wa zombie desu ka? What Is A Weird Yet Enjoyable Anime? I found b gata h kei sooo weird, but I still enjoyed it. Same goes for Heaven's lost property"
"I didn't see him praising the system at all, just praising the expedience of said system. So you had to get permission from the Federal government to move your own personal property under the threat of criminal prosecution. This isn't a good thing."
"If i play prime mm in se and i still see players who cant even listen to footsteps If you are bad enough that you get matched with new players, please don't get mad when they don't know how to play. Some guy got really mad after he found out I have 40 hours in the game."
No shit! No one brought that up in this comment lol
"Why rekt? Working on it for weeks then Valve release new skins, rekt"
I liked the articles of confederation better. I present to you Disappointed James Madison
"Yes, to the benefit of many hostages Fuze is high right now because of his buff and the challenge. I don't think it will last long though. He'll go back to his normal pick rate soon enough."
"Gracias! ""For fuck's sake"""
didnt he also try stabbing his mum? he tends to say some crazy shit though lol
"Why would you subject yourself to that? I am a college student who has taken multiple gender studies and sociology courses, trust me, these people exist here"
"Running... hams can't ruin that, they hate running The internet? Try everything. If you enjoy anything that makes someone feel bad be it in real life or online, then SJWs will try and ban it. Make no mistake SJWs are authoritarian and not a friend of any type of democracy. They want you in prison for ""wrongthink"" and will do anything and everything to gain power over you through legislation."
"I don't really understand what old soul means, unless the person is referring to old soul music. Most people who label themselves an old soul are not, in fact, old souls."
"Loved this movie, and this scene. The boat chase scene in 'The Man From U.N.C.L.E' is hilarious. Great action and comedic timing"
BANNED AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
"Despite all that karma you're raking in, I think saying hi once would have been enough. I was a swim coach for teenage high school girls when I was in my mid twenties. The job often required getting in the pool, demonstrating swim strokes, etc. I was at the mall, and I saw one of my students walking towards me with her parents. I said hello to her twice before she noticed me, and once she realized who I was she said ""Oh hey shooknotstirred, I didn't recognize you with all of your clothes on!"""
Rah 1. Treat every weapon as if it were loaded. 2. Keep you're finger straight and off the trigger until you are ready to fire. 3. Never aim your weapon at anything you do not intend to shoot. 4. Keep your weapon on safe until you are ready to fire. 5. Know your target and what lies beyond.
Nepal? who was annexed by India due to Nepali immigration?
Just fyi that was Xavius impersonating him I was motivated to stop Malfurion's whinging.
"I have it currently bc im at lvl 55, but not as a permanent unlock. So you have Dead Silence? If not get that"
Probably the anus. I've had to reinsert prolapsed vaginas... I'm not sure which is worse?
It seems pretty heavy from where I'm sitting. my girlfriend and i watch a ton of food network and recently came to the opinion that alton brown prolly has a massive penis would you say you agree?
Just chillin' in Cedar Rapids...with Chris Christie *cough* *cough* Clinton trolls Christie on Snapchat with video of them hugging
"Great, great character moment, but there's no way someone responding to that many disasters and attacks hasn't seen a dead body. Behind that powerful persona.."
"You know, when you meet 10 people and they are nasty towards you, they might not be the issue. Wow, I didn't make that assumption. You were inferring that into my post. I'm noticing there are some very nasty people in this subreddit. Yourself included."
So I just have to play a club match? Go to your club (found on the same page as managers) and club matches are at the top.
Why not? This real?
"Gotta get that clipart style Shitty art style, too, imo."
But Brett Favre WAS a Viking. Brett Favre in Vikings/Jets jerseys. We get over it.
"fair enough The article was written by someone who is Japanese, nothing to do with anyone in Britain..."
"yeah not working for me either, pity as i actually make pigging components in my machine shop here :/ Have a go at our pig game! free little flash game for christmas, ho ho ho,"
Mandatory r/imgoingtohellforthis. Still no life on Mars.
"Worst case scenario, they'll probably be a mod for it. This is kind of off topic, but I think it would be cool if you could have a couple with two people of the same gender. This game is set in the future so you would expect gay couples to be pretty common."
his reason for rejecting was **501 BAD GATEWAY** Snowden's Father Rejects FBI Offer to Visit Son
I can only imagine the lengthy nostalgic pre-ballad talk she must have given the audience to rouse that much excitement. Moshpit at a Celine Dion concert.
"What the fuck... world is going one way, some retarded companies another wrrrr. YubiCo's YubiKeys (v4+) stopped being Open Source."
"This is not how being critical works... I think the fact that the pope does interviews with this newspaper is a definite sign that they are part of the mainstream media, and thus have zero credibility; thanks for pointing that out."
"He got sabotaged by his own party, or did you just refuse to pay attention at all when it happened and the DNC chair was forced to resign? What, I should be in favor of fucking over poor people, denying science in favor of bronze-age myths, imprisoning women for having miscarriages, and electrocuting the brains of gay teens... just because some people in this country are dumbasses? I have a bit more character than that."
Sure! can i send anyone a picture of myself?
"3-4 years shorter if they leave to go to college. Burning someone alive seems like more of a commitment than having a kid, IMO"
"18 years isn't a long time - what if effects take longer to show up? I've met David Schubert and in all my interactions with those in the anti-GM community (which are usually cordial and polite) I find him to be quite repulsive. He was condescending and difficult and never wants to actually discuss science. He ""wins"" a discussion by being heavy handed, dismissive and rude. This is great because everyone that sees the interaction witnesses his ways. Even those opposed to GMO don't like him being a spokesperson. To your question, he automatically blows his science cred when he says ""no evidence that GM food is safe for human consumption"" because it has been used without incident for almost 18 years. There is no reason to believe that the technology could be harmful, and certainly the hypotheses related to plausible risk have been well tested. There is consensus in the scientific community. All of our best organizations recognize safe and effective use of the technology. NAS, AAAS, AMA, others. What do I like best? That's tough because I love bench work (still do it), love being a department chair (50+ faculty!!), enjoy teaching grad students and postdocs, and absolutely adore public interaction and science communication. I guess at the end of the day I love innovative science that helps people and the environment, and having the opportunity to explain it so we get to use it faster! Thanks!"
Correct! in which case the driver needs to be prosecuted for littering and driving without due care and attention ...
"This would be cool, although font is pretty weird :P I was inspired by a post this afternoon to try doing a redesign concept of the CSGO Client."
This is the #6 post All-Time on this sub. A short and to the point introduction of document software
"Not sure if it really belongs here, but damn that's a nice photo. Early bird"
"By that logic Eurofighters are pretty old too Well, except the fact that they have kept upgrading them, hence why they're still strong going, just like the Rafale ;) 262 million euros each? The fuck? They're old tech."
"If Chip Kelly gets fired the Titans should hire him, you know since he and Marcus are butt buddies. 'Sound FX': Chip Kelly"
"OEL is pretty much their entire core, we'd have to give them a young established player they can build around around right back, which we don't have Sure, I would, but it would take more than that for OEL or Yandle. It would require a good propect + roster player +/- draft pick."
"It's not necessary to get mods to work at all, but the problem of scrolling through a menu with 100 items in it was decidedly not resolved by Bethesda. There's no reason to use one anymore. The problem was patched by Bethesda."
"so in the last 40 years russia was unreliable ? Nobody is interested in giving finger to Putin, don't flatter yourself. It's about not being dependent on unreliable provider."
"No, it's not. isn't dissing everyone and everything a part of pro-wrestling?"
That's the joke Right - that's why it is so crowded.
Why you trying to have anal with your sister? Woohoo I'm a mod bitches!
Call 311 Does the city have a line for cars that are parked illegally that they'll tow them? I saw all this foolishness online about cars being towed a bit ago or that only applies for some places?
I'm thinking the same... t-say?
Why wouldn't you? Why would you yell stop resisting if you are being attacked?
"Yellow or lightblue for me, thanks. Heretic. Everyone knows orange or green is best."
Joe Camel looking Jay-Z
"Healing Breeze is pretty underwhelming, IMO. Yea I think each profession is getting one new skill. Will be interestng my main ele has all great healing skills actually of all the classes I have I can't really think of a bad heal outside of Necro well and that is still decent for groups when traited."
"Probably Cole, I cringe every time I think about rostering him. I dont think he'll be anywhere near as highly owned as Powell was yesterday. Im talking about that 30-40% owned landmine guy. Could be Omri if Gay sits, Norris Cole maybe, Patty Mills?"
"The joke is, if you post something related to this shallow and unimaginative meme, you get 300 link karma instantly. Will somebody explain the joke behind Splat Tim to me, please?"
"Quick, post it to cringeanarchy and get some free karma So I was doing something completely unrelated to the fandom, and then THIS happened."
"Sounds like it's going to be a fucking disaster. Sounds like a logistical nightmare, but I'm sure they'll pull it off."
As a Michigan resident who's been to Canada many times and is only 15 mins from the border ME TOO As a Canadian and former Toronto resident I can't even describe how excited I am for this. Summer Finals at the ACC is going to be absolutely insane!!
"Peter Cullen (optimus Prime) Morgan Freeman (The man with God's voice in him) Don LaFontaine (the movie trailer guy) I would have the sweetest voices making announcements, and providing voice over for everything for a whole year. Toyota here with a quick question: If you had to live in a Mars simulation colony for a year, which three people would you want to live with and why?"
"I'm looking to write and record a series talking about particular themes and genres in video games/movies/music, etc. Remember the wadsworth constant? (it states that the first 30% of most youtube videos can be skipped without missing anything important) Be concise, get to the point, and KISS: Keep It Simple, Stupid. I'm assuming you're talking about sort of informational videos? You're not making a dramatic series here, are you? What do you want to make? I'm just going to pretend you're doing a cooking show. Write your script out and then BOIL IT DOWN. Then... boil it down some more. Get a few main points and hammer them home. Use clear language and don't go on little irrelevant tangents. Have a goal in mind for each video and bring us there. Efficiently. General rule of editing youtube-type videos: If you're talking about something, we should be seeing it. And seeing it *clearly.* Super fuzzy close ups, stuff that's out of focus, shakey, or too dark to see... avoid all of that. A series of pictures is okay for this, but video and/or animation is nearly always better. Watch a variety of other youtube videos which are similar to what you have in mind. See what you like and don't like about them. Use the stuff you do like. But the most important lesson I've learned about youtube? The single greatest deciding factor for getting views is the CONTENT. There are shitty videos on youtube that look like they were filmed with a potato, but they have millions of views because they show something shocking / amazing / interesting / unique / whatever. People talk a lot about getting better mics and better cameras and equipment and stuff, and while that is important, none of it matters if the stuff you are filming is BORING. The SEO mantra always holds true: ""Content is king."""
DeeeeeEeeCENT! New mouse pad. You can all be jealous now.
Can't speak for vanilla but I know in LW it simply just doesn't work. Suppression with a sniper rifle...I wonder what would result from that
AT LEAST WE HAVE AN EXCUSE FOR LOSING WEEK 14 TRASH TALK THREAD GO TEAM BEAT OTHER TEAM
Found the next Dasani ad campaign. Being silly at the beach
"What advantage are you gaining by having 20 gyms versus 15 gyms and 5 strong attackers still available? Level 32, don't have a single dragonite above 1400 CP. After placing in my 20+ gyms, I am generally left with attackers in the 1800 CP range. It takes me an hour to take a level 10 gym as well."
"I think their ""American Idiot Uniforms"" were kinda okay, I liked the red tie, black shirt combination but everything from late 21st CB to today seems more like a hair metal band to me than Green Day. I'm not really a fan of anything post American Idiot and I think their public personas, clothing, and antics were close to cringeworthy from like 2004 to around 2013."
"And one frat on campus had just allegedly thrown a ""white girls only"" party. And the whole reason Yale felt the original email was necessary was because students at Yale had a habit of *not* self-censuring their Halloween costumes."
"Then release it, just so we can regulag it. then send trolley to gulag."
"Just go, it's amazing, the London Olympics were something I'll never experience again, just incredible I said to myself next time they are hosted in Canada, I am DEFINITELY going if its winter. Because as I get older I learn to appreciate them more and more and last time they were here in Vancouver in 2010 I was too young to fully appreciate the honor our country had of hosting them."
Haha (*twitches gramatically*)
A little off-topic but I like how her hair magically gets longer in the last few frames because the artist got lazy. My facebook finally came through
"I thought that the GB+GBC games were harder than The Legend of Zelda and if I'm being honest I fired up Zelda II in an emulator, played 15 minutes of it and never played it again :/ My vote for hardest game goes to either The Legend of Zelda, or Zelda II. Majora's mask is stressful due to the time limitations, but not all that hard."
"Everything Twenty One Pilots wrote. What is the worst lyric you've ever heard? I nominate ""Let's Marvin Gaye and get it on"""
Can confirm. LOL! Lawjr is known to have fallen asleep many times.
"Wait how dad are you right now Hello high, I'm Dad"
"Awesome, can't wait! Working on getting more shots when it stops snowing / raining its ass off, I just put up a new pic that my friend took about a week ago!"
*insert pathos version of give me some sunshine* Death.
"It's not forced, it's Darwin's survival of the ***FITTEST***. Ragen says the war on obesity is basically worse than genocide because we're making fat people eradicate themselves (bonus commentary)."
It's gloves (63% sure). PLEASE DO NOT BE BOOTS!
"What if I dont wanna? Shine, you glorious bastard. *Shine.*"
"Ill assume its because the pilots air soft gun is terrible. Just did this today with the pilot class. Crashed deep in enemy territory, and had to stab my way out. That is a violent animation, for sure."
"Jungle Fiddle is back back back, back again! Darius patch, Buffs, Nerfs and Bugs fixes (picture)"
"Not that I don't believe you, but is there a source supporting this claim? You forgot to mention that his tuition was paid for with taxpayer money..."
Yes I am haven't finished my first run yet. Can I still download the patch for performance boost and not lose my save?
There goes the western Sydney vote Tonez! Bill Shorten's wicked mullet
It actually looks like a combination of multiple huds: Pocohud (buffs) Hud Panel List (right panel list) Holohud (Assault and Info Bars) It definitely needs some cleaning up. Looks like HoloHud to me
"Swipe and get whatever you want. Meal Plans question So I'm thinking about getting a meal plan this year bc I realize I spend a lot of food from last year lol When you go into the community restaurant/dining halls, is it like the student center where you get your food and pay the specific price? Or is like you swipe to get in and you get whatever you want."
"If it wasn't for those meddling ~~kids~~ colonials! if only that meddling USA hadn't fucked up the global economy, they would've gotten away with it.."
"no kids? I have a Wife, A girlfriend, and I date others. I love both my wife and girlfriend. Everyone knows and it all works out. AMA"
They've gone full retard. Scientific American Says Slavery Caused The Little Ice Age
"$35,000 is ""barely able to get by"" where I live, so trying to use it to refer to everyone in the world is nonsensical in American politics. The 1% is an ameriocentric statement, really they are referring to the .01% as anyone who makes over $35,000 a year is in the 1% of the human race."
Dint want to overwhelm new players with a log out function We made it so that only *great* players can log out.
"I swear a lot. Calm people of reddit, How are you so calm?"
"I would rather see the results when done horizontally, without the gravity assist. These neodymium magnets have a clamping power of over 300 kg each. Smash the two together and..."
"So nobody lives there for some reason, and also cannot see their window? Took this picture of the bay today and I thought Reddit would like it."
"Exactly, my friend has an R33 Ive seen plenty driving around now that the R32 is allowed in."
"They're ""activists"" when they support our interests, and they're ""insurgents"" when they don't... Syrian activists: Several killed in regime airstrikes"
"They are subhuman It's the way they want it kept aswell. As long as they can keep conditions bad enough to use this to their advantage, the better for them. Sad that they're short sighted enough to not realize their own demise is reflected in it. They're just as vulnerable as we are. They aren't super human."
"""Reversal"" = caring deeply what Howard Dean tweeted Dean accused Trump of being on cocaine in the first debate. This reversal is hilarious. Trump is a lifelong teetotaler."
i wonder if shes single and like ugly nerd types? Hottest blonde I've seen in a while!
"Reminds me of what Donald Rumsfeld said about how long the Iraq War would last, ""Five days or five weeks or five months, but it certainly isn't going to last any longer than that."" Huckabee: U.S. Military Should Be Able To Defeat ISIS, Iran, Al-Qaeda, Boko Haram, Hamas, Hezbollah In 10 Days"
"I think Yes, because all the 5s are unlocked, I used a 5s IMEI for my nexus 6 to get on straight talk. Can you bring a 5s to straight talk? Getting a 5s from a friend and I was wondering if I could transfer it to straight talk."
Someone ordered the wahburger and a side of cries Someone call the wah-mbulance!
"And reminding me to pick up my absentee ballot in the very near future As an American with Israeli family by marriage, thank you for remembering that their votes should matter too!"
Too many overweight cops passing out from the effort. They should probably use a bike for that
In this case it would be acceptable to have an extended swing arm and over sized rear tire on that bike. Xyrons Gsxr Turbo-Found this and had to share
"More than just the flash, it was clearly bleeding so the shock wave must have played a part, if not the bullet itself. It was the muzzle flash from Ocelot's revolver that blinded it."
"thats also why most features arent on android I heard the creator of snapchat made the android camera trash on purpose, because he's a apple fanboy."
"Ben was just before his time, he'd be perfect in this day of launching when-the-fuck ever. Smh. Fucking disrespectful to Ben Gordon."
You mean Godzirra. It's Godzilla
"Are you that guy from the warlizar- Oh.. Damn, that's awesome"
MACYS STOCK TANKS ^(small air horn) LIVE Stream: Donald Trump News Conference from Scotland Golf Course (6-24-16)
"Ah I see it now. Nope, it's probably because your page is not completely refreshing."
"Well, someone's a pessimistic member of the WWE Universe. WWE not pushing something as a brand? Good fucking joke, mate!"
"thanks. The only way you can get access is if you bought the beta or alpha versions of the game (before release, pre-orders don't count) or if you bought the Life Time pass, regardless of buying the steam version or not :)"
"Make sure to misspell at least one word... I recommend adding an E to truly, TRUELY makes me laugh. Tattoo time"
"I guess, but I still think Nissa cards tend to suck just like Chandra cards (before this one) tend to suck. I think you are ignoring the Nissa card which is all over standard currently."
"My message was unclear, what I was saying is that women here aren't any more hairy than they are elsewhere, I've only ever been with one woman who wasn't completely clean shaven downstairs He does not want to have sex with a french MAN."
"698 Fight Me, Plebs"
"Ask ur parents for a raise, duh I'm 16. I have no job, and all my pocket money is spent attending Yugioh events. (2 tournys + 4 casual nights per month)"
"But the hands allow us to hit multiple buttons, where as the mouth you're limited to 1-2 We have faster reaktion movements from brain to mouth, then from brain to hand."
normally this accounts are so fresh that they can't even do trades and only have a game (that I bet are been getting it thanks to some keygen) and the phisher doesn't care because the account they are using is hijacked anyway - which means that when the original owner gets their account back steam support will track where the stolen items got sent to and you run the risk of getting your own account into shit for receiving stolen items.
"So cash your checks and come on So I am looking online and apparently there are multiple interpretations. Some say ""get up"". Some say ""come up"". I even see a ""come on"". I think we can all agree it's not ""get crunk"". I just re-listened to the song. It's really hard to tell. I think it may even be different in some verses."
I really do believe you learn more by handwriting than typing. One of my 5th Grader's Handwriting!
"I once saw someone call her ""queen of Billy Ray Cyrus"" and I stopped thinking about it since then Carly Rae Jepsen on her way to the studio"
"This is what honor looks like. A Democrat-led crowdfunding campaign raised $13,000 to rebuild the bombed GOP office in North Carolina"
There was the lobster cave 2 days ago with double drop aaaand good bye lobster.
"I think it is an okay thing to do at the track, but watching it on TV is really awkward. I lol'd at the prayer question. It's tradition man! Gotta keep that."
"Death If your life was a video game, who would the final boss be?"
"All good, I was confused why people were low on him when he put up 18 in my Ppr league but yeah now i understand lol Ah ok, I was just legitimately curious because I couldn't sort it out and as far as I knew he didn't play as a returner."
"I've tried this but then the new ends start doing the same thing a few days later. I had the same problem, solved with a trim. I just cut the beard before the curve. Shame on me, yeah, i know."
Sleeping in... What do you appreciate more as you get older?
"I don't know, the entire front page has been liberally salted with terrible jokes for a while now. We need to add another ingredient to this thread."
Because he's not that good of a player lol Idk why Heat wouldn't retire Udonis's number though. Been there for all 3 championships and a heat lifer and hometown hero.
uske baad ram madhav. kal Arun Jaitley khud jayega :P
Thanks. I'm sorry to hear that. Best of luck with your doctor in the future.
Similar video I don't get it
White circumcised christian men? There's a strong persecution complex in certain demographics on reddit. They eat this shit up.
"Bless you my dear child, I've been needing a good looking native 3440x1440 wallpaper for my 21:9 monitor for sometime now. On the way, actually."
"He's 70 but he is the oldest person to assume to presidency. Won't trump be 79 (oldest president elect) when he's sworn in, or did I hear that incorrectly last night?"
"Never apologize for liking Total Divas. I wish that Tough Enough had guys with actual wrestling backgrounds, but as far as reality shows, its not half bad. I didn't see the harm. It was stupid harmless fun. But I guess, hey, I like Total Divas, so what do I know."
How did he get those dancers to perform with him? Elvis impersonator doesn't know Elvis song lyrics
Your saying the only pro streamer you watch is m0e? Only cheater i watch is m0E
I will only tip for good service. Servers/Waiters understand...
"the look on his face halfway through the second at the 2:44 point (right in between 2:44 and 2:45) totally did it for me, that short, sweet moment of ""What have I done?!"" WOOHLHALLALUJAH, WOOHLHALLALULAH! His fucking face right as he does it is gold."
"If something like this took off, I imagine that crypto-currencies like Bitcoin may see a massive rush of adoption. TIL in 1999 Ted Turner proposed a one-time tax on the rich. He proposed a 14.25% tax on the net worth of all Americans worth 10 million or more. It would have gathered $5.7 Trillion dollars. Due to the growth of wealth among the super-rich, today it would gather $15 Trillion."
I hate when I loose things because then I got to go tighten them back up. This one was just dropped.
"Got buffed, hes ap champ now. Doesn't feel like an assassin imo."
"I'm guessing the cost they are referring to doesn't the inevitable medical expenses if the heart disease that you will get. The greatest food in human history: In terms of cost-per-calorie, no locavore, organic veggie can compete with the McDouble"
"For the sake of argument, why not? They definitely become much less potent, but you can't just lock them up for 15 years and then dump them in a ditch."
"Can you ask Sun Tzu what happens when you know the enemy but not yourself? **""If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.** **If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat.** **If you know neither the enemy nor yourself, you will succumb in every battle.""** *Sun Tzu* I like this one much better."
"Heh. I am done responding, you made a troll account and got me so I am not going to continue, if you are not a troll then you are a dumb mother fucker"
"Yes, nigger. Wtf why was this up voted? Is this a sub for racists?"
Cowabunga dude ... a secret mutant *ninja* superhero team.
So much privilege in so few words... The only thing wrong in Ferguson is its residents
Good thing we have Varane :D Our Sergio to miss next game in both La Liga and CL :/
I hate it when I don't catch a typo... There's a pretty large difference between what you typed and what I think you meant.
"The fashion police? Yup, I agree. I've had a few good coversations with him. He's mentioned he's a fascist in the past, but I thought he was just pissing around. That sub seems to have pushed him to extremism. Surely there's someone we can call? :)"
"yeah, but - zombies! World War Z writer says the movie kept his title, 'and that's it'."
He is not taric... Plot-twist: Braum's gay.
Actually... didn't the tree miss their bedroom by the largest about possible? My landlords for years asked city hall permission to cut down this old tree. Today it fell on our backyard missing their room by very little (they're around 80)
"I could hear his scowl, though. This gave me chills...but then I realized I couldn't hear Stannis grinding his Teeth, took me right out of it! Just Kidding, this was awesome!"
"Looks like a pretty good driver of Natural Selection to me...... ...heh, driver The hidden inequality of who dies in car crashes"
"You aren't fapping hard enough bro Take it from someone who faps at least 5 times a day, it doesn't make your arms any bigger."
"Yeah, just make sure it has a sliding maximum marker. What kind of accuracy do you need? Spring scales (think fishing scales or draw-weight gauges for archery) are available cheaply but they are not very accurate. On the expensive but accurate end, you would want to use a load cell and corresponding signal conditioning (excitation, bridge completion, amplification, digitization, and acquisition)."
"I want you to know that just because I go through the ritual motions of your religion doesn't mean I believe. Ctrl+C, Ctrl+V, Amen."
90 with a heat index of 107 is though. 90 isn't that bad.
"Provided you can adjust your field of vision, first-person view could potentially be extremely useful. How effective will the first person view on foot be? Never played a FPS since Counter Strike, and I was just a tiny lad back then so I don't remember much."
"Not having children. In retrospect, what wasn't that big of a deal in your life?"
At this point I kinda want Psyonix to screw something up just to prove that it's possible Incoming: New Rare Items and Trade-In System
"Hell, *I* wouldn't want to live in a time before indoor plumbing. I don't know why any of lewronggeneration crowd would want to live in any time before modern plumbing."
"ITT: People who don't know what ""handlebar mustache"" means. Which player would look the best with a handle-bar mustache?"
"I remember Kylo Ren saying something about Vader being ""seduced by the light"" but I don't remember exactly. Seems likely, though I hadn't seen any confirmation until now... I just assumed that no one else knew, cause it never came up."
"Thank you, taxpayer, for oxygen. When posting to Facebook isn't enough for grandma."
"The guy being shot is hispanic, not white, title needs to be changed! Video clearly records police shooting unarmed white man with hands up."
"It's an obvious addition that makes its way into popular games eventually, at this point it's just another waiting game. I really hope they add an option for colorblind players. While it doesn't pertain to me it does my son who rarely touches it since the update due to frustration (Which sucks because we don't have much in common and this game has been a good bonding asset for me and him playing multiple times a week)"
"I enjoyed that game up until halfway when it went from realistic to magic curses, just ruined it for me If you have a PS4, do yourself a favor and pick up Until Dawn. It may or may not be the kind of twist you're looking for, but there were so many moments that I and my friends as we played through it we just went ""Holy shit I did not see that coming"" or we would try to piece together a new clue that we found into the story. It's easily one of my GOTYs."
"It takes a special kind of sociopath to watch *Schindlers List* and think that, not only is the tombstone road a good idea, but they want it on their patio. Millionaire Kim Davies used children's gravestones for mansion patio"
"Bingo, that and the mentality ""we are the best, we won the WC 5 times, we don't need to change."" The real curse is Brazil's totally lacklustre and wrong-headed manner of attempting to produce football players for the last 20 years. Because of the population and the sheer love for football and pure talent that exists in Brazil, guys like Ronaldo, Ronaldinho and Neymar still come through but this is despite, not thanks to, the efforts of the clubs and the CBF. The real curse is central midfield, Brazil haven't produced a passing CM worthy of the name since Toninho Cerezo and that was fine from 94 to 06 because your creative forwards were good enough to take the burden and if that didn't work then you had the two best attacking full backs in the world. Neymar drops deep, thereby blunting his goal threat, because nobody in Brazil is technically capable of passing a ball to him."
reminds me of when my father went to taco bell to order tacos with just cheese he got a taco with JUST cheese Target ordered blank name badges. So they got Blank name badges
"Isn't Season 2 Breaking Ground: Reloaded? Breaking Ground is the best original series on the Network. But apparently there wont be a season 2? BG is amazing, I just finished it a few days ago and got to Googling for when the bext season was due. But all links on it seem to point to it being a ""one and done"" show. Are they crazy? This and 24 made me more inerested in some of the talent than anything else. Has anyone heard any updates about it lately?"
It's the only thing that comes to mind when I hear Diwali. This is always the first thing that comes to mind when I hear Diwali.
The corollary ... prevent everybody else from getting Orange. The one golden rule in monopoly. Always get orange.
"leeroy windfury windfury = 9 mana 3 card 18 damage :D add in a rockbiter or use arcane golem and you have a finisher. Sometimes, i wish Wundfury stacked up to two times."
"he also goes off on some rant about internet vs Internet and GMail vs Gmail, he comes off as someone who is trying real hard to show the ""internet"" that he knows what hes talking about I think he's trying to say nobody has gained root through any clever means... Its easy so stop making out like it's some amazing feat - it sounds like when people jailbreak iphones. But yeah, instead he just sounds like he doesn't know what he's talking about!"
Oh shit.... It's an inside job! We just saved charles kelly's job...playing the long con.
Even if I like a guy I don't particularly want a dick pic. Every time I've sent a dick pic I usually expect to trade. I guess it only works depending on how you approach it.
"There is an program called Greenshot which does this (I had it preinstalled at work). Screenshot utility like in GNOME? In GNOME pressing PrintScreen takes directly screenshot into Pictures folder with datetime as name, pressing Shift+PrintScreen allows taking rectangle screenshot and Ctrl+PrintScreen caps window under cursor. I really want this functionality."
"I don't remember skaters wearing jncos as much as rave kids. Back in my day skaters wore real men pants, Jncos baby."
"Good, the game is more fun when everyone is playing the game how it is supposed to be played. This is 100000000% getting patched. Neat though."
"Picking a winner Wow, click the link. Look at her background picture."
"Came to say the same thing, I thought any one point of a normal distribution is zero. No, that's totally wrong. A normal distribution is continuous, so the percent of the population at any one point is zero. Thus 50% below the mean and 50% above. IQ, on the other hand, is not continuous. It's discrete. All IQ values are natural numbers. Therefore, IQ is not normally distributed, but pseudo-normally distributed, which leads to some percent of peele being directly on the mean. Now I don't know if that percent is 1 or higher, but for IQ you're close to right."
Nice crop Anons respect Trump workers
"Plot twist - Melania is a Russian spy. For some reason I never stopped to think that Russia could be blackmailing Trump. In retrospect it does make perfect sense, I'm sure he'd say anything just to save his own hide."
Or left after ALPHA KEI BETA. Everyone would have swiped right before they got that far anyway.
nade lag is real in OW so my guess is it is 16tick Says it's 16 tick on my net graph
Or .0035 Bitcoin. Wouldn't it be like $2 USD and $3.75 Australian?
I'll mark that down as nimble Even God-Emperors get hungry
trevor harris is helping! Speedster Williams bringing the 'wow' to league's top offence
All men must DOHVAKIIN I hear this response in the television show all the time. What does it mean? All Men Must... Do.. Doh... Do homework?
"Comment grave yard below Good, the problem is starting to solve itself. Seriously, anyone who joins these pricks knows exactly what he is getting himself into. No compassion for Islamists."
In other words they will *never* make ethical decisions unless it improves the bottom line. Great example of how corporations and individuals interests do not coincide. They will make ethical decisions for employees or customers because of fear of market backlash. They just realize that people don't pay attention and if they get caught it will be a minor hiccup.
"Given the average age of death in the United States and that the baby boomers start being born in 1946, then you are correct, the Boomers will start to enter decline in 8 yearsish. The same generation has been deciding elections for decades. This is, perhaps, the first election in a long while where that MAY not be the case. In other 8 years, I believe the Baby Boomer political clout will have mostly run it's course."
Your handwriting got 100x times better after Maggie Rediscovered an old cheat-sheet I made to remember everyone's names.
Der gelbe. Der schwarze oder der rote?
"There are crazies in every country. Apparently there have been gunshots through windows at a couple of other Muslim places of worship - luckily no injuries. And apparently they were practice grenades, only one of which exploded. Shame - France has done such a good job of reacting peacefully and with dignity so far, and these knobs are just spoiling it and putting more people's lives in danger."
"Olly, pls go Jokes on you, I'm laughing at you faggets up in heaven with Thorne and me mums potatos! Have fun when the white walkers get you!"
This is a really great example Easiest way for me to get it through people's head that we wouldn't stand a chance is to remind them of Trent Richardson. Dude came through Bama and was a beast of a running back and a heisman contender. Dude went to the NFL and was a complete bust.
"Here's a non balance-destroying idea: nerf the other two because they really are quite ridiculous That is because a ""nerfed version"" doesn't mean you can't kill anything with it. ESF AI guns are strong, it's easy to get kills with them but compared to other ESF AI guns it's less strong."
"lets be honest, they wont be wanting to fly this thing anyways. What if the person weighs more than 254 pounds?"
But they wand weed legalized so totes liberal brah LIBERAL
"My god, your verbiage is infuriating. Social Tradecraft, better known as the Thespian Society. From the beginning of my formal education, I was aware of the subtle differences between my cohorts and myself. In my youth, I was reserved, awkward, and profane. I was however extremely resourceful. At best, I floated through social interactions, never able to blend adequately without raising suspicions. As I grew up, I slowly learned social mirroring, and subversion. Up until my junior year of high school, I was treading water. My junior year I had my eyes set on a particular female classmate. Inexperienced, I struggled to close the deal. She was a senior, and heavily involved in the Theatre at our school. I played baseball so I did not normally associate with the *artsy* crowd too often. Long story short, I ~~traded~~ settled for a date, in exchange I had to audition in the school's next production. Over the next few years, I learned Social Tradecraft through exhaustive immersion. I define **Social Tradecraft** vary broadly, including both natural and contrived methods. Theatre was a cornucopia of information, and I partook with glutinous impulse. *Acting styles, verbal cadence, no verbal cues, costume design, lighting temperatures,* everything I needed to disguise myself like a social chameleon. Improvisation had the most profound influence on my social machinations. It is a pure symbiotic relationship with those on stage, and those in the crowd. Many believe instinct is what drives you, on the contrary, preparation guides your decisions, and motions. At first all the new information was cumbersome, but I was able to hone everything at the **Forensic Competitions**. The events hosted once a month at a local high school. A single event, with multiple categories that judges scored based on formalized rules. *Humorous Interpretation, Impromptu Speaking, After Dinner Speech, Duet, Solo Improvisation, etc.* Theatre offered a turnkey experience, with hands on instruction, and third-party evaluation. In the end, those tools allowed me adapt efficiently among those I had avoided for so long. I urge anyone here struggling with *Social Norm*, find a community theatre, or acting lessons. If you thought getting what you wanted was easy, you have no idea what you can truly achieve. Anyone have a similar epiphany in high school, or in general?"
"As much as I am looking forward to another clasico, I would be pretty happy if Valencia upset RM. The Final 8 For the Copa are Set!"
"thats how it goes :') Well good luck with your life. I bought it Black Friday as well, and I am 50 hours in."
"I guess they could make gluten free parks, but Portland might have beat them to the chase. Fund Starbucks?"
"Contrastul e urias, poate ca tie aia iti place, dar eu as prefera ca centrul vechi sa fie vechi, nu o cladire veche, una de sticla si doua blocuri comuniste urmate de inca o cladire veche. arhitectura? serios? mie-mi plac la nebunie strazile si cladirile"
TRUE Stunt on these hoes
Did you hide your stats? my card doesnt show rank
"Oh, dear. I hope you spread his holiday rear right open and taught him a lesson about shooting white loads without permission"
Unless you can do it on the throne. Can't do anything for the rest of the day.
"FOSS is a feature, they said feature parity, but they'll never actually deliver on this, amongst other things. The ftb launcher, unlike the curse one is FOSS. Is the Curse Client going to be open sourced (and if not, why) or are we going to be ""forced"" to switch to a non-open client from a open one? I consider the open source part a big plus towards FTB and a big minus towards Curse."
word Look up Discgolfeveryday on Instagram. They do that stuff all the time.
"we faithfully await the coming of ~~christ~~ half-life 3 You mean GabeN, right?"
I... have done this... AMA? Ew
non Robot leg make-up
"I'm not your pal, buddy. MyFitnessPal just gave up on me..."
"In that case, you should have no problem with the duelists beating the life out of him, since they can also do whatever they want. It is his world, he can do whatever he wants. What if he wanted to practice 2 v 1? Or maybe he just wanted to troll. In my mind in these series, the host can do no wrong because he is the host. Is it annoying? Of course!!!"
"But they might be stealing toilet paper. Dude the guy owns a business he's trying to make a living from it and if he wants to monitor what goes on in the shop he owns, he's got every right to do that! The bathrooms violate some laws and it's not alright to have a camera in there but no employer would go that far. Having a work ethic means doing your job well when nobody is watching. And if you can't do that, then at least don't fuck with the guy who owns the place!"
"why is everything being downvoted on this sub? Die Helden vom Gotthard - In light of the opening ceremony tomorrow, a documentary on the workers that were killed during the construction of the tunnel"
"""Fermat's Legacy"" I do feel ""The proof is left as an exercise"" can roughly be translated to ""it would take space and effort for me to type this so just go and do it yourself."""
"I'm a British citizen, so I would have to fly there to even afford cancer. Just dont get cancer."
That's very interesting My friend's parents make incredibly detailed and opulent architectural miniatures. Take a look at their website.
"The key difference was that you couldn't pay to get ahead in progression. I know it's a joke, but I actually enjoyed the ""Progression system"" of CoD, since the gameplay is shit, the only way they had to mimic progression was through unlocking shit Also as I never seen CoD as a competitive game, I think it's just fine."
Leftist are destroying the youth ! Americans are stupid and proud of it! (50) In America you have the right...
"They also help trigger your satiety (feeling full) and are not simple carbs, so your glucose levels don't spike Eggs Oils Nuts Cured meats (sausage, etc) Butter Basically anything high in fat content. You need adequate levels of fat for healthy hormone production."
"Oh like unidan was doing, tut tut Using alternate accounts to up-vote or otherwise promote or manipulate another account. It's a violation of Reddit's user agreement."
Is she still dating Chad? fucking Ashley.
"For rebounding only though.. No, because the difference between Rodman and the second-best rebounder in his position is bigger than the difference between Jordan and the second best player in his position."
Ok. OMFG!
totally on the list now... I have this crazy fantasy that the government respects the intelligence and privacy of its citizens. Does that count?
"So *that*'s what they're for. Surely there's a sura speaking of the wonderful minarets, and it's today interpreted as predicting cell towers."
OK STOP YELLING
Oh fuck off with this Reductio Ad Hitlerum bullshit. you completely missed the point... remember and think about how everything hitler did was legal and you will see his point (and some of things blacks did [ in the US] before the civil war was illegal only to be legal X years later)
"From the thumbnail, it looks like an embryo. Christmas Dinner from a gas station."
The Obsession Continues Marvin And Jimi Is The Answer
"Yup, great one. I use zenburn for close to 10 years. Never even considered switching."
"this is bad linguistics, bad religion, bad philosophy, bad everything Wherein a Redpiller does linguistic analysis and proves that Jews do in fact, have game."
"The entire top part of Manhattan is Harlem. It's a neighborhood in Manhattan I think, north east"
I can pretty much guarantee it. It sure is. I mailed them today. I think my grandma's going to be upset.
"I don't see it ever being as big as the nfl, but it could at least cut out this ppv crap and just play the big cards on fox or whatever, I'd be really happy with that. I would say that Dana's persona works for the intended audience. The NFL and NBA for example appeal to a much broader audience including kids. I agree with you, but I think for the current UFC and viewers Dana is being entertaining. While I love MMA, I don't see it being as mainstream as the NFL, NBA, MLB, and NHL anytime soon regardless of who's in charge. Just my two cents, but I could be retarded."
I didn't shake it and the tank was sitting half the day. I've noticed harshness when I forget to give my juice a good shake when refilling the tank. That combined with a hot coil and a cool tank from removing/refilling.
Dyrus Dada77 never forget Kid and Kitties bot lane Santorin summer + worlds
Han toh bol do ki extra charges hain Your sense of entitlement is ridiculous. Sabzi and chholey aren't free like oxygen. They have to be grown and shipped.
Found the Ivy-League alum! I know shit tons of completely random and obscure trivia only useful in game shows
They are the majestic bird of the highest land. Bald eagles are not highlanders
I never said he did. Except for the fact that he hasn't done that.
"And Daphne Zuniga (Melrose Place, Spaceballs). Bonus Joey for those that look closely :)"
"The GCC Coaliton plus Algeria with US support will not allow this and have launched an invasion against the Shia separatists. The King's Proposal to the Free Shia State The King Finds all this fighting among yourselves to be reckless. why do you wish to divide yourselves further when you should be standing together instead? what kind of change do you hope to bring if you make enemies out of your brothers? His majesty the King, acknowledges your dire state in this civil war. Surrounded by enemies and no one that is willing to listen to your cause. To avoid further unnecessary bloodshed, the King would like to humbly propose the reintegration of the Free Shia State into Hakim Arabia. You would get complete religious freedom and no enemies to prosecute you for religious differences here. Furthermore, you would no longer have to fear the royalists and their senseless hate and constant wrongdoing towards you, for you would now be my people as I believe you always were, and as so, Protected by Hakim Arabia. This is not a proposal so that I can take your lands, for I could have done it already. I worry about you as I consider you my people, and if you'd accept reintegration into Hakim Arabia, the land would no longer be mine or yours. It would be OURS! So take the king's hand for he is reaching out to you, and return home to live freely without fear. As your brother's and sister's await your return, what will your choices be?"
"I angers me to have served my country to secure everyone's rights and freedoms in this country to have some backwards prick use his religious insanity to hurt others they are no different than any other extremist, they just use laws as bombs to peoples lives their religious extremism disagrees with Welcome to North Carolina, where if you're LGBT, they sign your rights away with both the stroke of a pen and with the popular vote. They shut down gender-neutral housing in the UNC collegiate system, they shut down equal marriage rights with a popular vote in 2012, and now they sign away LGBT protections anywhere in the state. It's not safe to live here. I signed up to defend my country and I love my state for its natural beauty, but its government sure as hell seems to enjoy hurting people like me. I have less rights than my co-workers, my classmates, and my neighbors."
A Broken clock is correct twice a day... At last Alex Jones Tells The Truth !
Do you believe Western values are so fragile that a small increase in the percentage of Muslims living here will cause society to unravel? The solution is obviously to import all the poor little muslims into Western societies with liberal values such as gender equality. That will totally work.
"Yup, someone on here once described it as turning that ""the floor is lava"" game we played as kids into a way of life. My. God. I can't imagine just accepting that as your life. Or the level of denial that it takes to pretend your weight doesn't contribute to any of it."
"Donald trump is now an oompa loompa. Tomorrow, every person on earth wakes up one foot tall. How have our day to day lives been affected?"
"MY NIGGA YOU JUST GOT ROASTED maybe you should get out of the basement, in the game and irl because this shitpost screams nerd virgin."
Is that....corn? i would make it my only goal in life to find and kill the ones responsible for this
"this is what pissed me off about the Avengers the most. The villain's plan involves getting caught, then escaping through some amazingly contrived plot involving perfectly timed events that he could never have planned for. Most of the time when it happens the villain's plan doesn't even seem to move any further by getting caught, which makes the plan even more ludicrous."
"Look at oldschool runescape, it's a huge success for Jagex. People need to let go of this. It is not gonna happen."
"Making sending them nuclear equipment ect illegal. This. Israel's nuclear facilities at Dimona are an open secret, but Israel has never publicly acknowledged them or admitted to having a nuclear program. As such, the IAEA has no mandate to inspect their facilities."
"Mass Effect has tech and ""biotic"" powers or something like that. PC game combining magic and technology Like the title says, a modern game combining magic and tech. Like, Borderlands meets Skyrim. Like if the Skyrim world continued to evolve and research, but also study magic. 3rd person or first person, doesn't really matter."
I'm so turned on right now I got to try Google Fiber at a friend's house in Kansas City last night.
"There is an external power brick, you could simply change over for different mains voltages 220v right? Do you know if its 120 compatable?"
"I'm guilty of that too, it's one reason I like using a pressure cooker because it locks shut and I can't do that. My mother does this anytime she comes near my crockpot. Lifts the lid and stirs everything around. She won't listen to my pleas to stop."
"Just kind of pointing out that the cap was designed to not be posted... In fact, if I recall correctly, CdA recommends not posting any of their pens. Caran D'Ache Ecridor Retro Collection Fountain Pen"
At this point we're Stoke At this point Liverpool is closer to CL than us
You might be right we should make an informed decision after reading from a good sample size I think it'll take several. Rushing to judgment would be wrong.
He is more or less saying that Trump and his supporters are nothing but Nazis Reminder to Boycot Disney: This was the Chris Weitz (the director of the newest Star Wars movie) response when Hilary lost
"I think Narruzzi is a fine coach who will lead Pitt to decent rankings and then leave for a better gig while Pitt falls like a brick. I truly think Narduzzi is gonna prove to be an elite guy and have Pitt a staple in the top 25. He, Fuente, and Richt will all revitalize the Coastal division and they'll be competing for ACC titles year in and year out."
"I was always a fan of ""Harry tells Spurs to beat Young Boys."" I'd like to think that was a junior writer's headline and he's still grinning to himself over how good it was My vote goes to ""Young Boys Wankdorf Erection Relief"" and ""Young Boys Wankdorf Erection Woe"" regarding the stadium troubles of Young Boys Bern"
"Anyway, how's your sex life? I am so lucky to have you as a poster and I love Lisa so much."
this is starting to sound like that movie Ice Age Sabertooth. Tiger.
"I like that the vikings are speaking Icelandic, they even have pretty good accents. Battlefield designer reveals promising-looking Viking monster game"
BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEE P BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEP My friend will play that through his mic in party chat. It instantly infuriates everyone
Not at all. Does it bother you that a lot of these built and highly modified cars are just garage queens? (Never driven)
"Yes, but the nut fat is beneficial fat. It's hard to take the article seriously when it suggests replacing the red meat with ""less fatty"" sources of protein and goes on to list nuts as an option. Most nuts like almonds and peanuts actually have about twice as much fat as protein."
Please just don't fuck up traffic. I think it's SAFE to say I'm ready to be the very best
"lmao delicious irony its ""queue"" not ""cue"" moron"
"That's not Kevin Durant, that's his evil brother, Devin Durant! Kevin Durant surprises Enes Kanter and Steven Adams with fake mustache"
"Gay marriage, right? I have a dream that one day, OP will have equal rights. That's why I fight"
"Navy pranks. lmao, omg that is AMAZING. Thank you for bringing this into my life."
"Wait ... I thought Warren Buffet was one of those Communist Antichrist Socialists ... Burger King move to Canada is classic Warren Buffett, master tax-avoider"
Wizards of the Coast (a Hasbro Subsidiary) What does WOTCAH mean? I suppose something with Wizards of the Coast?
"Automation doesn't just happen in one country at a time. It's not insane but it's completely absurd. The wealthy won't pay a living wage, why the hell would they contribute to basic income? They'll either take their wealth with them to another country or lobby/bribe politicians so they don't have to pay into it."
"[](#dipmad) GRAMMAR YOURSELF! TIL Dipper actually makes the same grammar mistake Stanley does in Weirdmageddon 3. From the transcript: ""Grunkle Stan, we can't all just hide inside the Shack. There's a town in need of saving. Me and Ford tried to do it, but he got captured by Bill."" Ford and I. Grammar, Dipper."
GgGGgggGg^ggGg^Ggg /g Ggg gG g gGg g GG g GG Gggg g gGg G gggg g gGGG GGG GgG g?
Both of The Raid movies featured some hardcore hand-to-hand combat. Raid 2
DEAR SIR OR MADAM Subject: HELLO MY DEAR
I have it and haven't even tried out online... I'm gonna give it a go I think I'd probably like it more than BF4 then
I LIKE HOW YOU WOOSHED HIM WITHOUT USING WOOSH JOKE HEAD XPECIAL IS GRUDGE HAMSTER
"Well in my case, I wish they did $100 first. kinder wish they started with $50, something I use all the time n is know to get counterfeited"
"Jesus... As a small business owner, I strongly support banning advocacy of anti-capitalism. Capitalism is more important than democracy (or human rights, the Constititution, etc.) If a Bernard Sanders or Jeremy Corbyn is ever elected, they should be forcibly overthrown by a military coup."
I had a feeling she was always a brat... I don't wanna believe that :(
"Nah, she can drive a sobriety cycle (moped). Exactly. In 15 years when she's out of prison she can ride a damn bicycle."
"Damn, that was smooth and subtle YEAH EACH OTHERS DICKS"
"I'd have to say not being harassed in the street, or no period pains. What's the best thing about being a dude?"
"Amazing how the Dems used a dog whistle sheriff's star to say Trump hated Jews yet they WROTE about using Bernies religion against him! Donald J. Trump on Twitter: ""How much BAD JUDGEMENT was on display by the people in DNC in writing those really dumb e-mails, using even religion, against Bernie!"""
"To me it wasn't that he was bad, it was just from the start I knew trading away a big prospect for not even half a season of Beltran was a bad idea. beltran wasn't even bad for us, but because we didn't make the playoffs with him leading the charge people turned on him quickly. then he signed to StL on a reasonable-ass deal. I still feel like we should have pursued him more in that offseason."
"that's the whole point I'll be honest, I feel this way a lot."
I think this is also about the time it was added to money as well. TIL that the words 'under God' were added to the Pledge of Allegiance in 1954 in response to the Communist threat of the times.
"There were multiple blogs and articles about it. I wonder if this is in response to Christine Love's recent open letter to the PA team on this subject, or if both of them just felt strongly enough about the event to write about it afterwards. Either way, I'm a bit shocked to see them pulling a 180 on their stance and admitting how badly they handled the response to that comic. It's a good move on their part; just one I didn't see coming. As for the original comic itself, I thought it was mildly funny and pretty par for the course from PA."
"Man I'm so stoned right now.. Yeahhhh duuude let's get like,,, stooneeed or something..."
"Ever since that Eagles fan pretended to be Tom Coughlin's cousin, I have 0 trust in all of them. Just go."
How on Earth could you miss that? Whoops ill fix that
"I don't know, I liked the blue and white livery on the Toyota's. colourful as ever Porsche. Better then last years livery. The sausage that decided it wouldnt be a good idea to copy the le mans red livery is way off his rocker."
I'm 24 and didn't get shit. A lot of Reddit's demographic is college kids. They've always been funded by their parents and loans so it just seems like a simple step that it continues forever.
Yes! So the issue is with the fact that straight people can get married and homosexual people can't.
Great quality of life upgrade. WATER BARREL HYYYYYPE!!
...You need a Black Templar sword brother with a big old two handed chainsword (eviscerator) as a relic weapon...would go so well with the others. Deathwatch Kill Team
His doctor's diagnosis. Hey Reddit! Do you have a crazy friend? What makes them crazy?
totally yeah i save almost all money i get i just don't get much money lmao Thanks man I really appreciate it! I would just say save up! Thats what I did!
Trader Joe's on the Upper West Side? Found in a local grocery store. R.I.P. Mitch.
I wonder how many variations on this are going to be posted. What the hell MW3?
"You can share to FB/Twitter just hit the ""..."" and chose share playlist. A question: is it possible to share playlists inside the app? Some sites say you can't and others say you can share through FB/Twitter, so now I'm confused."
"So many unfixed bugs in Diablo 2... Eh, I've been playing WoW since 07, Blizzard has done more than alright with me. Not to mention their Diablo support is top tier atm."
"The top post on all of reddit for 5 years was a self post with no text simply called ""test post please ignore"" that got over 21k upvotes and 4 gildings. Someone explain I don't understand this post at all."
Iarba? Dezvolta.
"damn them, I will be too busy playing it to wait their presentation. That's the same day as Destiny's release date. Gonna be an exciting day if this is real."
"I'd go with Chaivory as the middle one, tbh. Phantea, Teavory, Chainesha?"
"Answer_bool = False Answer_str = ""No"" Is it good to specify the variable type in the variable name? Ex: x_int=5 Hello! I'm right now creating a small beginners video on Python, and I wonder if it's good practice to, at least for beginners to specify the type of the variable in the name. For example: x_int = 5 y_float = 2.0 z_string = ""Hello World"" w_bool = False Is this good or should you stay away from it? I learned Java when I started programming, and decided to create a intro programming video in Python for my friends who just started with programming in school. Some of them are confused by the different types, and when to use the method str() and int(). Using this naming technique would make it easier to explain! Thanks!"
When was your house built? Mine is. I go up there to change the filter.
"if you've been critiqued that many times, you should probably listen for once. Letter to the SJWs Stop nitpicking. Honestly. Pansexuality is one of the most free and open sexualities in the world. Chances are there are VERY few people with any sort of gender prejudice in our community. If we say we're pan cause we're into (insert general non-cisgender label here) we are NOT saying that we believe that person is not a man or a woman. We are saying we have no problems with any sort of transgender person. Binary or non-binary. Do not call me a cissexist again or I will have MANY colorful words for you. I have been lectured about this SO many times, I am done listening to it."
"also, it's buggy, i've seen mines stuck in walls A lot of the 2D indie games use custom engines. It's a lot more feasible to make a 2D engine from scratch than a 3D one. If you take something like Super Meat Boy, and take away the incredible artwork, you'll find that the engine doesn't really have to do much at all. It's not really that different from 2D engines of 20 years ago, except higher resolution and support for way more concurrent sprites, with the occasional particle effect (smoke in SMB's case) thrown in for good measure."
"Ok, totally misread that, thought it was your ex tinder dates showing up in the suggested friends bar. No it's my own fault because I'm still close with her and as such still friends on Facebook. It's just a small knife in my chest that's all"
Conlon is a superb boxer in his own right. Conlan is friends with King Conor. He will be successful. The McGregor effect fam.
"I don't know man, I haven't watched him enough but going from being a wing to be a (somewhat) play caller that late in your career and in a new league would be hard. Considering he is 6'5"" i think he can pass for sg or pg. i know he has high bbiq and kobe will play a lot of min so that is why i think maybe we can sign him as a pg"
A job and a couple flags with some luck. Wants to 'explore'
u dumb dick I tried on 9s and asked them to keep them at the counter for me while I browsed the rest of the shop. When I came up to pay they must have mixed them up because I was given the 8s. I should've double checked but ya know.
"and of course realising further that these two things are not mutually exclusive. Realize, of course, that rip's goal is to max your strength, not hyper trophy."
"They're buried in evidence of her doing her job, but that's not in their interest to talk about because the goal is to smear her. Or maybe 4.) They find some sort of accomplishment other than ""I was appointed to a special job."""
Valid concern scam scam scam
"""Your mom is slow and boring, but that doesn't stop me from watching her play with balls and bats"" What do you say to people who say they hate baseball because it's slow and boring? I'll never stop my baseball evangelism but I feel like I need a new angle to take with these people. I'm curious what you all say."
We don't need no education. I'd like a shot. I'm a mod over at r/pinkfloyd so I have experience.
"It's just a fetish i guess, a common one too. I've never understood what is so attractive about feet. Nothing against a fetish, but still, I just don't understand. We're all different, I guess."
"Not a clue then, sorry dude! I don't think so, its smooth until I'm in game"
"Oh god why Buckley's cough syrup, your point is invalid."
"Do you have Touch ID enables and or virtual home? Something called scan is taking most of my battery, does this sound familiar to you?"
"Unfortunately no, I'm in the US and have never been out of the country so I can't offer any advice to you :( any tips for Saudi Arabia?"
"DOW futures have been down 600+ points already. Oh no sir, that is what Fridays are for. To bury news stories."
And BSD = Beastie. It's a Daemon.
"I have to remind myself that as fucked up as I am and having a child, at least I'm not this bad. The amount of misspelled words and incorrect grammar makes me weep for the future. I know that I'm not perfect but at least I make an effort."
thank you for all the effort you put into making this happen The VBGC Project M video archive is fully uploaded and available here.
Love you too Johnny. Love you grandpa
Stupid stupid stupid... Sam Hurd has been ordered to jail indefinitely
"Sure beats kicking him while he's down like every other generation would have done. Is it really necessary to swarm the guy when he's knocked out on the ground and take pictures of his face? Seriously, the things my generation does..."
"huge post ez Nooo you misunderstood. Should i have a 1 reddit post about the accessories, 1 post about the tee, 1 post about the hoodies, ect ect. Or 1 huge post of everyhing (would all be neatly catagorised"
"If you have enough slots, go for it. So would you suggest I get 2x4?"
Resuming...? Not long now......
Source? California is only democrat due to the inner-city poverty vote. Otherwise this state would be redder than Texas.
"I'm holding out for the ""buy 4, get the 5th one free"" offer Fine you fucking whiners, more 55 gallon drums of Passion water based personal lubricant for me!"
Builds boys? I have to agree. I started taking MK levels to help with my Magick stats before going MA. I don't think I'll ever switch to MA. I'm am loving MK.
"Paladin has really solid epics too. My bet is Druid. They have the best class epic, quality legendaries and they have some very good TGT cards as well which all together works very well IMO."
"On the plus side, that one is actually moving. Another Metro car bites the dust (seen this morning in Beltsville)"
"My county has plastic holders you put your ballot in on your way from the booth to the box. Thing I hated about this.. It was poorly designed so I have to walk between fill out ""booth"" and scantron system with my filled out ballet for all to see"
I want to punch that douche in his face. Artist hooks up his vein to a CNC machine to create a self portrait
"But then you'd have to ask why we do language the way we do language making the problem bigger than just ""I"" Aha! at first I thought you were quoting something the link I provided, my bad. But still, all your quote says is the habit started in the Middle-Ages, it doesn't say why"
"We call that an ""lol"" in the internets I audibly chuckled to myself here."
"L-Theanine helps a little for me What is the best stack for stress? I need something that controls stress, but allows me to work at a high level. Thanks"
"Which means you'll probably beat us next week... Dead last, how very appropriate."
Das verschollene Nazigold! Reddit Gold? WTF?
"It's called ""human capital flight"" so while you may not wish to go, the phenomenon has been documented for well over a millenium. That isn't exactly accurate, just because it makes more sense economically to move to the US or Europe doesn't mean that most people will choose this option. Their family and friends are all here and most people are not comfortable moving 1000+ KM away from them for money. I know I could move to California and double or even triple my pay easily, but it is simply not worthwhile for me."
Gotta say the hail satan deluxe has caught my eye and ears. Abominable DSOM and Hail Satan deluxe versions both have blend knobs.
"I'm always hoping someone will steal my identity and continue making modest payments on my student loans Lost my house, my car, my job, my bank account is overdrawn, and my dog probably has a better credit rating than I do. I couldn't even pay someone to steal my identity."
"Other than ""-cost"" not being capitalized, the wording is perfect. Loyal Squirrel"
Merkel? Nothing. We are Germany. There's nothing to laugh about here.
"I'm literally watching drug smugglers cross the Mexico- US border, and Goon can't get to America LOL Free Talk Friday Talk freely and stuff"
"pretty sweet dude, Halo 2 was epic minus the duelies. A Halo 2+3 Montage. Decent clips, want to know what you Redditors think."
"See West, Adam in the yellow pages for more information The fight against urban decay continues..."
What industry? Did the Diploma in Electrical Engineering Technology at BCIT in 2001 (2Yrs full time + Coop). Had multiple job offers before I graduated. Started at 42K. Making +80K now. Worked well for me. It was very intense but I finished in 2.5 yrs. My salary and responsibilities have been on par with colleagues holding engineering degrees from universities.
"Drawing inspiration from and 1:1 retelling of are two totally different things. GRRM has said that he got the inspiration from the war of roses, featuring house York and house Lancaster, with supporters. The feud lasted well over 50 years and had kings from both houses laying claim on the throne. It is also generally accepted that York = Stark and Lancaster = Lannister. So if you were ever actually worried about the Stark, they were sure to have their bright moments even from the start. Sure, GRRM will throw in a few surprises here and there, but the war of the roses goes back and forth, and you would expect the inspired story to also go back and forth a bit."
"OP, what was the TMI in this case? I loved the TMI ones. I kind of miss them even."
"It's almost amazing that someone would blame ublock when they also knowing have something called ""noscript"" installed. NoScript did most of the trashing of the Internet for you. Adblocking ruining stuff is quite rare."
"Pesto What food always seems like a good idea to eat, but tastes progressively worse as you keep eating it?"
Im pretty sure OP could've just done that himself Yeah. I edited the hermit God in though.
Yes. #5 Auburn visits #20 Kansas State on Thursday night. Does r/cfb think K-State has a chance to pull of the upset?
hurrr durrr muh MRA triggers are oppressed. Biological mothers abuse or kill more children than biological fathers. Half of domestic violence is committed against men.
Did you just drop a Little Nicky quote? Better to reign in hell than serve in heaven
"What's it like to make an AMA and not answer a single question in over 12 hours? I'm a waiter who works in 2 fine dining restaurants and makes over 110k/year ... AMA I'm 26 years of age. I'm a career waiter. I recently broke 110k last year in total income. It's more than doable in this profession. I've had the privilege to work in 2 separate restaurants over the last year making over $300+ in tips per job, per day. I work an average of 5 days a week (granted, I take many days off throughout the year to travel) and bring home over 3k+ per week in just tips alone. I'm an open book .... wine service, menu knowledge, service steps .... AMA.."
so sexy... I really hope i can find one this summer. I tracked my 4500 lb CTS-V Wagon for the first time this weekend!
Trump has made stupid and mean his brand. Trump: 'Check out sex tape' of former Miss Universe
"""aushwitz talk"" Auschwitz antics."
"#blunderbrag i, too, had an exhaustingly long scene phase"
"God I hate that fucking movie. I'll accept that conclusion, but only because your username reminded me that I am about to watch the hell out of A Christmas Story for the next six weeks or so."
"What novel? * ...The book was a slim volume of verse, really anonymous, but by legend ascribed to a mythical saint, whose ""canonization"" was accomplished only in fable and the folklore of the Plains, and not by any act of the Holy See. No one, indeed, had ever found evidence that such a person as Saint Poet of the Miraculous Eyeball had ever lived: the fable had probably arisen out of the story that one of the early Hannegans had been given a glass eyeball by the brilliant physical theorist who was his protege...and who told the prince that it had belonged to a poet who had died for the Faith. Those who know where this is from, this is about one of my favorite characters from the novel. Surely he is also a favorite of yours, so many excellent themes on moral issues in this adventure."
I'm guessing you don't lift... Wat.
"From being manhandled by Kompany at the start of the season to not winning a single aerial duel against Porto who isn't exactly known for their prowess in the air, the myth of Ivanovic still being great in the air will likely finally die this season. The only postive i see with ivan is that he is good in the air and will win most aerial duels."
Do it How good is Jarrod Dyson? Good enough to bail on Tyler White? Isn't Dyson in a shakey spot in terms of maintaining a starting role?
The studio is based out of Seattle so it was posted at about 3pm PST Does any one have a rough idea how far this patch is off? Was the tweet posted at night or during the day for that country?
**WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK** Live SmackDown Live Discussion Thread - November 15th 2016 Welcome to the live thread! This'll be more fleshed out sometime between 5 and 6pm PST :P
Love the pic .. really makes you realize how underrated mindarie is Boats at Mindarie Marina
No pls Jon Ryan is the coolest.
"Samurai Champloo Cowboy Bebop Rideback? What is a good, short anime for someone just starting out in the fandom? What I'd really like is a short, 1-2 season(24-32 episodes total) Shounen Battle anime that has good humor and an enjoyable romance sub-plot. SAO would suit this perfectly, but is there anything else? I've got a date who wants to get into anime. So far she's only watched the average amount of Pokemon and is almost done with Psycho-Pass. My initial response would be to get her into Death Note or FMA Brotherhood, but I'd like something shorter that we might both get into. I'm considering Haruhi, as it's a classic and introduces a lot of anime culture, and it's pretty short, and also SAO or AOT, but I feel that there might be something better."
Because of two generations of war movies and call of duty games we've convinced ourselves that war is just a big boy game instead and people get pissed off when they are reminded otherwise. Then why are they so pissed that they were revealed?
"After 6:39 the video repeats. Al Nusra Front Engages SAA Near Jasim National Hospital, Dara"
"In a world where you can deck yourself on turn 1, there's no need to play any more energy than you would ever possibly need. How do you make minimal energy work? I'm somewhat of a novice, but from the few decks I see people post here and there, they have (what I consider to be) famine-levels of energy, usually around 8 cards. Obviously, this frees up space for more trainers and pokemon, but I'm at a loss as to how people can operate with so little chance to get the energy they need, especially for pokemon with 4+ energy costs. Obviously the chance factor can be mitigated with draw-power cards like Shaymin EX and Sycamore, but too much discarding can make you burn through a lot of useful cards! TL;DR How do I minimize energy in my deck without starving myself?"
"Tell my wife I said hello. ""I have no strong feelings one way or the other"""
But still a lag though Not really. Only a 500 second lag.
"I already wrote that though... Also, don't forget you can MAKE True Armor Spheres by farming the LR Dahren Event for Armor Stones and using G events in Desert Night or Heavens' Mount for Meldspar Ore. If you are G1 and want to buff up your HR armor a bit, this is the better way to go than to farm for a useless G1 armor. You can kill LR Dahren extremely fast, so unless RNGeesus hates you then you should be fine. :)"
"Spent a lot of time in Birmingham where niqabs and burqas are fairly rare, considering how many Muslims there are in the West Midlands. Err, you clearly don't live where I live in Bradford. Niqabs are extremely common. Probably more common than any other head scarf up here."
"The cabots survived a nuclear war with no radiation problems, so I doubt it just stalls aging Yes it's an immortality serum in the sense that it stalls aging, but he was dying of a very aggressive version of cancer. Even if he stops aging, it shouldn't be able to stop the cancer from spreading"
Not if they are impeding traffic....typically the speed limit is ten under at a minimum But they are entitled to use the road just as much as a car user..
"I hope to one day, but I live pretty far away and I just came back from Canada. If you thought Torontonians represent Canadians, you should meet some actual Canadians :-)"
Personally a fan of deathcore Christian myself Not as hype as nu-wave Christian alternative contemporary
Yeah that is like my favorite ep I would love a next one. Black $uicide Side D this year It's been so long since the last one man I need more Smurf x $uicide
"But you know, don't you, that things like having been briefly prescribed anti-depressants after the death of a loved one, is going to be used as an excuse to fail mental health checks in places like CA and NY, resulting in anyone who didn't want to lose their rights not seeking help when they needed it. A gun isn't a tool for defence. It is a tool for offense. However, sometimes, the best defence truely is a strong offense, and you can bet your ass if someone breaks into your house at night, I am all for you being allowed to shoot them. I just don't think just about anyone should be allowed to own a gun. I would make that a privilege earned by anyone who passes a few tests, has good mental health, and no violent criminal history."
"I believe this is something that is a law in Europe- Someone mentioned something related to that last time that came up. ""You have been playing for over an hour. Please don't forget to take a break."" Woah what? I've never seen that message before."
I thought it was in the Favelas in Brazil or take your pick of any Central American country. I came here to ask this. This ad is making California look like a third world dump.
huna fact checked: those weren't muslims you islamophobe Can we add denial of the Armenian Genocide to that list? I don't know why it gets left out when it's one of the most flagrant offenses.
"Yeah it's painful but it's part of the process, I roll and stretch daily, it's just as important as training. I went to PT and everything. I did the roller so much I destroyed one and had to upgrade to hard foam. I could do the roller with no other support for my legs. I am sure you realize it's extremely painful on your legs until you get use to it."
"On the other hand you could consider this it a romantic tragedy if you look at Aoyama as the main heroine (and be real, who wouldn't). I wouldn't say you need to watch Sakurasou unless you really like spacey girls. If you do, then at least give it a shot. It starts off pretty strong as a lighthearted romcom but it devolves into really uninspired, uninvolving drama around episode 9 or 10. A large part of the reason I don't like it is because the main character, who, I remind you, should be the emotional center of the story, is an extremely irritating, horribly immature individual who I was almost incapable of sympathizing with. However, all of this is completely moot if you really like spacey girls, because this show has a god-tier spacey main heroine."
"So you agree, mutualism isn't ""kind of a mix of the two""? I'm well aware of that markets =/= capitalism. As I said, don't play this game with me."
"*starts connecting dots* holy shit, that's actually possible... thanks for the goosebumps asshole... Crona is turning into DEADPOOL."
"I live in the Outer Rim, and it takes a while to to get the ol' starship up 'n runnin'. Why is the nearest movie theater 3 hours away"
Luke Cage's. Wait. I'm whose father?!
I hear gigabyte is pretty chill with removing their cooler. is that 5-7c worth ruining your warranty over? unless you have evga
"We should consult the butthole surfers Which begs the question, is there a right butthole to swim up?"
"I can dream... The next pope won't even stay in the Vatican, he will tour the world and unite all Christians. Lol."
"Quantum of Solace With Hardcore Henry Coming Out, What Do You Think Is The Worst Example of Shaky-Cam? I was curious what people think is the worst example of a shaking camera or extreme handheld camera use. I remember in A Good Day To Die Hard they were shaking the camera up and down almost the whole screen during a scene where 2 people were just casually talking. It was quite jarring. I'd also throw a shout out to Taken 3."
"fucking repost, get a fucking undercut pop How can I style my hair like this?"
"Nothing says ""better"" like being heard 4km away. TLAV did it better."
stop trying to get rid of anime tiddy Can you just stop posting screenshots with that skin if you have to NSFW tag it every time?
"but muh pure card :( As everyone expected, a Nico Medley event!"
"OK, i was very confused as to what a shunt would be referring too... haha Goddammit I meant ""stunts."" Like BMX guys going crazy or someone on the track doing doughnuts I mean they do go off on occasion. Heikki Kovalainen hit a barrier with a lot of force in his first round (with his girlfriend as his passenger, awkward) and decided not to participate for the rest of the event."
"You need to download a tool called nvidia inspector, this allows you to change driver settings for games. Alright, any idea where I could add SGSSAA? Sorry I've just upgraded to SLI and other components so I'm pretty much a newb when it comes to the nvidia settings! Edit. Know know if it changes anything but I'm gaming on tripple monitors."
"Yet, they chose to play it instead of overpass. C9 is bad on inferno"
This is so illogical it makes my brain hurt. Obviously. It's because women are hardwired to want men who are bigger and stronger than them. That's pretty much how all women are. If a short man expresses interest in a woman (no matter how tall) then she will actually resent him for thinking that he is actually in the same league as her and has a chance. So women just preemprively hate all short men. That's how the world works.
"Yeah, you're gonna have to link this one so we can all save it for shits and giggles. Reminds me of a story I heard. A guy gets a text from a random number that says ""hey do you still sell blow jobs"". So the guy says ""yea"" to fuck with the texter. The texter asked how much, and the guy list all the ingredients to a seven-layer dip. The texter says ""shit, can I just give you whatever that cost. The guy says ""Nope."" And the texter says he'll be over in about 30 minutes. So some poor prostitute will have a guy knocking on their door with salsa and bean dip expecting to exchange it for oral sex."
Brek'd! Brek's Goal-Line Save
I'll give you a stroke ;) You should probably do that in the privacy of your room.
"The police were chasing/looking for him for a good amount of time due to reckless driving. ""You disappear before they even have time to turn the sirens on !"" very misleading tagline..."
"Oh my gosh how could I be so blind you're so right how DARE he i mean, he basically raped her with his words schlonged she never consented to his verbal penis covering her name he is basically condoning rape, telling his supporters is ok to go out and rape the 1st women they see if some poor women gets raped in the next few months, he needs to be arrested for incitement to rape"
It just looks like a dog now Gamestop Switch ad!
All those bankruptcies seemed to work out for him in the long run. I think Trump's run for President has become much more work than he had expected when he announced his campaign. I thought for awhile that he was going to find a way out months ago because it wasn't economical for himself in the long term.
"Sleep in, you won't have to work tomorrow. You can send one message to yourself exactly 24 hours ago. What do you say?"
as long as they were not Sugarfree Haribo. Those Haribo's really fuck you up
Who can take you opinion seriously when you don't know the difference between where and were. Cenk and TYT where 100% in the right in that entire confrontation. I got a good laugh out of Alex Jones' trolling though. After Cenk talked about the guy though I did my research on him and he is totally a piece of shit and kind of upfront about it too. It's amazing that people actually take him seriously.
'Cause George Lucas is a dick. Why have I all of a sudden decided that I no longer want to sell people death sticks?
"Vanessa needs to be evicted. Late Night Live Feed Viewing Party - September 10, 2015 Welcome to the Late Night! Discuss tonight's live feeds below. Try to include time stamps where applicable! Comments best sorted by ""new."""
"That would be awesome. Before that, I'd rather get a full defictionalized [](#s ""Buddy's Book."")"
"578478 GTA V Giveaway #8 Steam Controller, Any Steam Game, 3 keys. Five winners, 24 hours! Good luck brothers!"
"vli was around T-side mid, trying to spray thru the smoke in connector, but what he was actually aiming at was a CT in jungle. Well I left at Inferno and I come back to see BlueJays winning 8-3 on the T side? What happened?"
I guess the sitting in front of the bish being asked about masturbation is a good training grounds. Seems the Mormon church had an excess of child stars.
"Dog is good loyal pet... Octopus would murder you in your sleep and take your girl. These are my favorite animal, they're so intelligent. Smarter than dogs, as someone else mentioned. Seeing this is just sad."
Don't get blown up! I thought she was out of my league :')
"Or you can use a lever... Iron buttons that act like a T flip-flop A simple, yet very useful idea redstone-wise. The way it would work is straightforward: push it once and it will stay in the wall, outputting a continuous redstone current. Push it again, and it will pop back out, ceasing to emit a signal. I know what you're thinking, we have levers that do exactly this. But the difference with these buttons is that they would also be able to *recieve* a signal. Upon recieving a signal, the button would toggle its state, bringing with it its regular effects. This essentially means that you could have two buttons on either side of a piston door connected to each other, creating an easily toggle-able door from both sides. This is just one example, of course. I see so many possibilities with this one simple block."
"Isn't there an online game for this? Tried to get to specific Wikipedia pages in as few clicks as possible, using only links in the articles, using Hitler as my starting page."
Ah Trump you big ol goof You can't make this stuff up folks
"And the world has somehow shifted~ *sings with you cause this part is done together* And it's warm, and real, and bright~"
"Thank you... I'm in Bangkok so CMU is out, but Walen is on the shortlist. there's no substitute for actually visiting the schools to see how they appeal to you. That said, I've visited a few in CM and was quite attracted to Walen. I'm maybe at a similar level to you, and one thing that particularly appealed to me at Walen is that they teach in Thai script from the get-go. No learning yet another useless transliteration system as was the case at other schools I checked out. They seemed quite willing to move me between classes to find the right level for me, and the availability of schools in other cities so I could keep up attendance if I need to travel in country was appealing. I haven't taken on the course yet as other commitments have my time for now, so take this all with a grain of salt. And visit schools to see how you personally click with them. If you're not already aware, note that if you're relying on the school for an ED Visa, make sure they're serious - a lot of providers for that have had their rights revoked, including CMU which seemed pretty prestigious and solid."
I don't think she said this Is this the end of Hillary?
Riot forgot to tell us that Rengar now has leblanc's second R active. Sneaky and smoothie get trolled by a visual bug
"Shhh, not here I see no problem in only fighting TR."
Room was told the movies were discreet and wouldn't show up on the bill. Ron?
"This mentality is why millennials can't get jobs in their profession. If you want a job, you cant just say ""prove to me that the person who currently has the job deserves to keep it"", you need to make an argument for why you (or tim in this case) would be better. People generally deserve to keep their jobs unless there is a specific reason why they dont."
Dudes taking selfies is among the cringiest things to see. Me and my friends just ran into Ryan Stiles!! Barely held it together for this picture.
"On a relevant note, Switzerland has robots that tend to their cows Wouldn't it just be more cost effective to make an AI robot that corrals and gases them?"
NO TEACHING! NO TOUCHING!
That I was gonna have a family someday. What's one thing you wish you knew when you were in your early twenties?
"That I shouldn't have fed away basalt :( What do you wish you had known as a new player? I started playing the game a couple of weeks back and, as many do, made a few mistakes when I started. Just small things, like not maximizing my efficiency, not knowing which mons to invest in, etc. I've been doing a lot of reading, learning best practices, what abbreviations stand for, and how to play the game to fullest while still having fun and not making it a chore. Because the game is so popular and people love to min/max, I'm wondering what some of your best practices are and what ""Must Dos"" you have for newcomers. I've invested some money into the game over the last few weeks -- more than I should have (my wife would say) -- but I enjoy the game and believe you should support a developer monetarily if they make a game that you genuinely enjoy. That said, what's the best way to get the biggest ""bang for your buck""? The rune event is ongoing right now, as is the Living Armor Secret Dungeon, so I assume Com2Us runs events pretty consistently. If you have advice on what to wait for, that'd be great, too. If a lot of information gets posted, I'll try to edit this post to put it all in one place, because if I'm asking about it, there's probably a few dozen others that have the same questions. Thanks in advance!"
"Personally, Simmons is an idiot, and I don't give credit to anything he says. Simmons: Leafs likely to retain Carlyle, Nonis - no guarantee for their staff; prospects look grim Personally, I feel that retaining Carlyle and Nonis while letting go of assistants GM and coaches is like pinning a game loss on role players when core players don't work enough. I don't think he is speculating by himself, but if memory serves me correct, he has been right about Leafs lately. I am going to guess some kind of inside sources within Leafs."
R U
"If you get long hair, it'll accentuate your face shape and make you look *extremely* feminine. 26 MTF 7 months HRT. I don't think I'm there yet, help me out please!"
"Exactly Unless they have helmets with them I don't see the point. If you used a bike often enough to carry a helmet everywhere, wouldn't you just buy your own bike?"
"The smile wasn't the creepy part, the creepy bit was moving to sit next to her after she moved away from him, and walking all the way to her apartment. Thinking that a smile is suspicious is complete paranoia. People smile all the time. Smiling is the standard reaction to making eye contact with some one. It is insanely trivial. Just treat it the way you would treat anything else ever. If someone keeps staring at you for prolonged periods or seems to be following you around or something *that* is suspicious. As smile is not."
NO CAPES! NO EMOJI
Do you know where your water supply comes from? I don't think Canon City is by our water supply...
"Fuck yeah, Texas state fair Four. They were deep fried :("
So she's willing to gamble $50 bucks on hanging out with a rapist for several hours? TIL: Men pay for dates to make up for the possibility of being a rapist.
I foresee a thread laced with puns All we need now is the europeans to push the impeachment case and we'll have a ex president who actually pays for his crimes and because i can't resist... Bush must feel like such a heel.
My favorite picture on the web The Force Is Strong With This One
"She gets the first hit out of the clean bong What are some ""just because"" things you can do for your SO?"
Feminism: Gender is a social construct. False rape accuser/pedophile/feminist Lena Dunham says she'd kill herself if she were a man
"Another funny punchline goes something like, ""and that's why I don't play standard anymore."" There's a really great one in this sub where we complain about Bant company now because Siege Rhino rotated out. Next week we're going to complain about broken emerge cards and G/B delirium! It's really funny! Someone says anything and you say ""as if GW needed more help"" and cry about how Mark Rosewater is destroying magic and won't print any good red or blue cards."
If you use vaal IC before it you don't have the risk from the 1 life Vaal Discipline + Vaal Righteous Fire
"Yes, but he didn't receive all their knowledge, just their battle skills and strategy. Plenty of generals were blademasters, granted half I know were from the Age of Legends. (Demandred, LTT, Lan, Galad) Were the Great Captains blademasters?"
"Do you want to talk about it? But how did *your* day go? I know if all that shit happened but I found out my pregnant wife slept with my best friend and I was told I was gonna get laid off mid next year, today would most certainly NOT be a good day."
"probably protoss, and i say this because of the fact that all protoss units have shields that regenerate over time, on top of there hp there for if your micro is good then you should be able to make use of the shields to out micro your opponent in an engagement What's the best race for a beginner (with good micro but poor macro)? I'm going to start playing Starcraft. My micro will probably be a lot better than my macro because I've never played Starcraft before but I have played other games like LoL or Counter Strike. Which race is the best for a beginner with micro better than his macro?"
Everyone here looks better than me... :P TIL everyone here is kinda hipster looking...
Whatever the wife tells me to do. What are you doing tomorrow?
"""Take a seat"" ~ Chris Hanson What do you do when your boyfriend is going off to college and you're still in high school? In fourth grade, I befriended my neighbor, while he was in sixth grade. As he went off to middle school for seventh and eighth grade, we really didn't talk at all, even if he lived a block away. It wasn't until I was in seventh grade that we began to talk again. We were good friends until he admitted he liked me in a romantic way when he was a sophomore and I was still in eighth grade and still in middle school. Due to the age gap, I refused to date him. In my freshman year, I switched schools, and we barely talked. Now, in my sophomore year, with him as a senior, and having switched back to my old school, the age gap is not so relevant. So, three months ago, we began to date. It's been really awesome dating him since we were such good friends before, and I really like him, but recently there has been a question of what is going to happen when he goes off to college. He comes from a family with a history of high school sweethearts. His parents were in love in high school, then married and had kids. His sister married her high school sweetheart as well, and now they are planning on having kids. Our relationship, although it has been really wonderful, has been riddled with issues between us. We have opposing philosophies, and he mocks me constantly for it. He believes that money runs the world, while I believe that there are some things that money can't buy-like love, faith and true relationships. He's also extremely hypercritical of himself, and therefore very hypercritical of others, like me. I am hypercritical of myself as well, so his criticisms often don't help my self esteem. Bottom line, he wants to stay in our home state for college, but I want to go across the country or maybe even out of it to go to school, and possibly a year abroad. He wants to stay together throughout both our college careers, but I don't see how it could work out. I don't want to have to wait for the occasional weekend to see him, nor do I want to get myself hurt if he finds someone else he loves in college. He talks about kids, but I can't look that far into my future, nor do I want to at this point in my life. I think that, because of his family history with the subject, he believes that we'll work out . . . but, unfortunately, I just can't see a way that it will. TLTR: My boyfriend, with a family history of high school sweethearts, wants to stay together while he goes to college and I'm still in high school, but I don't see how it could work out. Is there a way this could work that I don't see?"
"I'd Trump has 1/12 of the money he says he has, time isn't an issue. They built an entire ballroom for $6m there. Also, there seems to be corroboration that there was no real damage, no permits requested for major construction and Don Jr's wedding was held there a week after one of the hurricanes."
"pretty sure it's something middle eastern, looking at him and his siblings, and i mean pungences name is AssyrianAssass1n on youtube... Is Bdubs not a white guy?"
"I know I'm preaching to the choir here but basically the answer to your question is slavery. Look, here is the real truth: **Globalism is good for shittier countries than ours.** This is just a fact. When a deal like NAFTA occurs (a good, isolated example of globalism), it is helping countries like Mexico more than us. There are a lot of economic reasons for this, such as wages and more lax regulations which lead to American companies leaving. True globalism = sacrificing sovereignty. Our corrupt leaders are okay with this because they get more power (power over other countries). Why do you think BOTH Republicans and Democrats at the top (Obama, Hillary, Paul Ryan) like it so much?"
Any want to help write this author a letter showing everything that's wrong with the article? I'm a Grown-Ass Woman Who Reenrolled in High School for a Day - VICE
:D Huh. Never thought to color code them. That's a cool idea. Something like that is on the way!
"I like how some of the comments are ""Wah, I gotta get home from work"". Someone fell from 2nd floor at Richmond Brighouse"
"This is when Shrek bellows ""This is my swamp!"" NSFL type of shit"
gotta be Just Blaze Metro Boomin's producer tag on Father Stretch My Hands was so dope. What's the best producer tag of all time?
"That's true, I hadn't noticed that the first time around but you're right. Maybe, but by the speed he was going compared to the other cars, it looked like he was going too fast which might throw that argument out about the blind spot."
5 m and you heard nothing? Are you freaking kidding me Canada Post....both of us sitting 20 feet from the door.
Fucking first time I've ever seen that written out in the correct order. Moms spaghetti
"The Nina, the Pinta, and the Santa Anita! Legislaxative, Executioner, and Judge Judy"
When ever I need a short little cry.... Futurama Jurassic Bark. Can't do it ever again. Season 4 episode 7.
"Sweet If you go on Facebook and look up ""Never Stay Dead"" they have images like the ghost and many more. Theyre pretty amazing."
He sure has a way with words. i work as a cam model. i spoke about how we should be open minded and anal is something people should be open minded about. here we go.
"So does Bradshaw, though. Yes, yes... I know. It's ppr too, I haven't sat Bradshaw yet and TRich hasn't started, it's just frustrating they run them basically 50/50 and TRich gets all those juicy TD's."
Why does Iniesta look like he suffered a severe head injury before filming this? Spain is hyped.
"Government has a solution to this: The don't ask, they order (do it or be audited). Microsoft's 'Golden Key' Leak Illustrates Why Governments Should Stop Asking For Backdoors"
"^ This 10:1 is the regular hamburger patties. 4:1 is the quarter pounder meat. The first number in the ratio is how many patties and the second number is how many pounds. Ten regular patties per pound, four quarter pounder patties per pound."
Did the family win the case? No Black Friday is normal. And the employee's family DID sue Wal-Mart. The evil bastards refuse to pay out.
over the 30 second rule but this video is great. Hypnotherapy cat
"He doesn't really care about preventing attacks, just wants muslims to be seen as good. Censoring it isn't possible or desirable, and the motive wouldn't be affected at all, let alone eliminated."
"I have to admit, he's spot on with this. Good call."
Who is this again? Anna Kendrick in blue
no manned mission no budget no funding
only on Swimming and Basketball...that's pretty much it So USA going to stomp as usual?
This is **definitely** where I parked my car. This isn't where I parked my car.
"Oh, reddit. ""saying you're not a feminist now is socially reprehensible. Terms like ""mansplaining"" and ""check your privilege"" subtly re-enforce the idea that certain classes, races or genders should have their thoughts and feelings instantly discounted."" +319"
Something tells me this is a troll Funny what changing a few nouns would do to the context of this.
"Also: What if you went to grab something, and it wasn't there... ...because it turned to wood. This is from Freakazoid! I lucking fove that show!"
"Both are great characters, people can like regular Cody too Why does the Stardust character need to be lost?"
"ah ok :P All of that is included when you say someone isn't attractive. Being beautiful and being attractive are different things. Like many women find Louis CK attractive, but I don't think anyone thinks he's hot."
Napa is close! Napa and advance auto parts carry these gloves. These are the only ones i buy.
"Real life BF3 is not something many of us want. In case you missed tonight's Republican debates, everyone but Paul are mad men that desperately wants to go to war with Iran. Apparently none of them learned from Iraq or they know damn right what they are doing but they are bought off. Can anyone really be so insane that they think a war with Iran would be a good thing right now? Do you really have to be into Austrian economics to think that we couldn't financially handle another war? Watching the debates tonight made me wish that there was some other inhabitable planet I could safely escape to."
"He's become a very good dribbler since coming to the Clippers. But that's completely opposite to Redick's game. Redick is a sub par dribbler who can't create for himself well when he has the ball, but his ability to create space by off ball movement is unrivaled at this point."
I'm going to blame Microsoft Kinect and it's X-ray vision. H-how did it know?
"and why is this a big deal exactly? It works the same up until who can see your trophies, basically if you earn a trophy it'll pop up straight away and store itself onto your console but it won't appear online until you've synced your account online. It'll be done automatically or manually but it's not ""instant"" like it is on the 360 or Xbox One."
I woulda thought that America's cooperation with Russia all these years aboard the ISS was proof enough that we want cooperation with all nations in space. China official says film 'The Martian' shows Americans want space cooperation
"Which is still extremely cheap for a good knife.... which makes me think that these are not. There's 15 hours of bidding left, I bet by the time the auction ends they'll all be $50+"
"The most modest man in the world too, what a catch You haven't had someone like me"
Apple Cinnamon air freshener... Gets me nostalgic for Christmas. What is the one thing that never fails to give you a sense of nostalgia?
"Had him playing off the striker, not off the back four. Explain how Moyes had Fellaini playing so well at Everton then?"
Discrimination upon the basis of sex which is not absolutely justified. What is your version of sexism?
"Warscore for you, or the pope? The time I converted most of western europe to Cathar. Pope called a crusade against me but only a duke and a couple of counts answered the call. More annoyingly the Pope was unlanded so the war dragged on forever as a mere formality while warscore from slowly climbed up."
"Landfill gets me as well. ""Still"" by Daughter. ""Landfill"" by Daughter. Actually anything by Daughter."
"Never seen this highlight, pretty great Flyers come back from 3-0 to defeat the Penguins in OT (2001)"
"N64 obviously. I see you have great taste in smash bros characters. But I need to know, melee or smash 4?"
"Get some sleep man haha Haha wow didn't even realize that, what are the odds."
"is this about the area or the football team? Oakland goes six weeks without a murder, the longest stretch since the 1990s"
"Yeah, of course, but a local pizza is $19 for a large while a Papa Johns Pizza can sell for $10. This is a genuine question, but are local pizza joints a thing in the US? In Australia, while we do have a few chain pizza stores (Like Dominos), it's far more common for people to have a local pizza shop that's a few minutes drive away. Do these sorts of places exist in the US or are they all big company owned stores?"
That's why I only do it for payment ;) It's people like this that keeps me from helping anyone with any computer related issues.
"shits fucked, soonTM Can we get update on East Coast?"
"Watch out, we've got a bad ass over here. I do what I want"
"you fucking Microsoft/Linux/Apple fan boy, go buy a real computer. I wish more people understood this. OS's currently running at home. Windows 10 Ubuntu FreeBSD MacOS X"
I can't. You can be satisfied without orgasming.
"Good pussy is one hell of a drug Mac Miller Is High on Life (and Maybe, Probably, a Girl)"
"heh, I would trade my RNG for yours anytime :-D That's what you call RNG. As a counterpoint, I have dropped 7 exalts but only 2 divines in warbands (also had an exalt but no divine drops in tempest)."
"There are a lot of people such as myself who are not religious/don't believe but still like jewish culture (the food, the sayings etc) What does it mean to be ""culturally Jewish""?"
It's to prevent you from voting for your party's best candidate and the other party's worst candidate. Why do you have to register to vote as a party?
Sounds like a very modest proposal to me. Unemployed will have to eat the bankers. It's the only (and obvious) solution.
"sure if you have no morals or a soul. Another place I forgot about is the MPI claim center, I have no idea what the work environment is like but the pay is really good to start from what I heard."
"It's god damned poetry, I tell you. Assuaging the Anaconda."
"Well, I never said I was an expert :) That may explain a few things in my past I suppose... Your overall advice is sound, keep it casual and polite, and give her the opportunity to continue the conversation if she'd like to, and leave if she doesn't. But yeah, that compliment reads as ""negging"" and is borderline offensive, and I can't imagine anyone, much less an ex, who would take it well, except maybe someone who literally lost 100 lbs."
Sorry what the fuck is this WAZZZZAAAAAAAP
"Try and come up with something in your own, first. Need help with proper rebuttal So there was this image of two babies talking in a mother's womb where one said ""I don't believe in mother, I'm an atheist, I mean have you ever seen mom?"" Help!"
ARESBESTMAGE Never ever try to jungle Ares :P
"You have already shared info with us assholes, might as well. After all the mean shit that has been thrown my way I'd never share that info, reddit has way too many assholes."
Historically any society that can't adapt is disrupted. What Happens If Society Is Too Slow to Absorb Technological Change?
I don't get it. I feel so bad for laughing at that.
"People around these parts tend not to be huge fans of RVs. That is super handy, I had NOT seen that. It's not in the sidebar and it's not in either of the guides. Thanks :)"
lol 7/10 scoring is accurate Couldn't of been more correct about those girls that have think they have superior music taste. But a lot of the bands you threw in their are actually great. 7/10 post
grazie :D Meglio che 54esimi. Ps: buon tortagiorno!
"Enterprise-H TIL That the aircraft carrier, CVN-80, will be the next USS Enterprise."
"At least you're drinking, not at home, sober, bored. I was going to go to a halloween party as an alcoholic But it was cancelled so now i'm drinking alone at home. yay"
/opponent ragequits A've got th' beast in mah sights.
"But... I don't have TF2 or a computer to bring :( Santa Rosa LANParty It was mentioned a few topics back, and we had already been planning on it, so I thought I would throw this out here. If anyone is interested in joining us tomorrow (Saturday 11/5) starting at around 3PM, we're going to be doing a little local TF2 play. We have physical room for about 20 people, but there are only 13 available network jacks unless we get creative... or if someone brings a spare switch that we can daisy-chain in. Last time we did this, we stopped at 3AM. We ended up doing TF2 for a while, then switched to Blur (a racing game), and then did CarBall (an UnReal mod, like soccer, but with cars), and closed out the evening with some split-screen WarHawk on the PS3. Players are welcome to drop in/out as their schedule permits. PM me for my address. If you want to try to connect from teh internetz, my server IP is 76.126.146.255. Beware though: my outside connection is COMCASTIC!!"
I thought I heard it was westbrook Is there an explayer announcing our pick?
"It's his body, he can do what he wants! 42-year-old man with 29 Miley Cyrus tattoos wants to get them emoved after singer called them ugly"
"Though, I give them props for using this song. Entrana National Anthem"
"European PSN offers the same as US Gamestop, but no avatars. OP said ""PS4"", not merely PSN or PS Store. To clarify: PSN/PS Store only offer avatars as a pre order in the US. If you pre order from most US retailers, you'll at least get a ship. Gamestop offers ship, in game units/$, and a multitool component."
"You clearly missed the point. His house is nice, but from what I remember it's hardly a mansion. That is, unless he moved recently."
"No to the hood and the wing, yes to everything else x 1,000,000. Toyota Supra"
Home of the stuck caps lock button! WAUKEE MOTHERFUCKER
He better learn Chinese if he wants that much money. Neymar wants 45 mil/year (five times his current salary) to renew and Barcelona have agreed to pay it.
"I bet if you called green out, they'd say, ""I'm not racist."" ""Kenya, Kim, Kardashian..... KKK. Now there is an idea"""
"Yeah I'm sure the source isn't really just this sub, two days ago. Source is {4chan}"
"I really want one of these, but every time I see one, I realize that I can build three to six AR10s for the same price. SCAR Sunday"
Definitely stealing this I run the worlds largest manufacturer and distributor of updog
"PMing PayPal 60% Keyboard w/ Tactile Zealios Hello new friends, I am looking to buy my first ""nice"" mech. I'm getting into this hobby, but don't have the confidence to not screw up a DIY kit. So, I'm looking for someone nice enough to sell me their board. Pluses are: * 65g Zealios (tactile) * WhiteFox (yeah right) * Pok3r"
Doesn't she have a mental illness? It seems like Tila Tequila is on a last-ditch effort to become relevant again...
"Started from AK Redline was able to do only safe bets :( up 21$ ^_^ 5/5 GFinity CSGO summer masters 1 experience So i was wondering how everyone has felt with gfinity summer masters 1 and how it was for you betting on the matches, imo it was a pretty good tournament most of the matches on time except for the finals and at last going 2:1 losing an ICB. So how was you experience watching it and betting?"
"Yeah we have, but he still makes passive aggressive comments about it in our group chat when we make plans to go to a club/bar or something like that Prolly should stop inviting him when y'all drink. He'll get the hint soon enough."
"Yes Cruz and Rubio. The Republican Party is already destroyed, hence the battle for the nomination is between two loony tunes characters."
"Malwarebytes What antivirus do you guys use? Redditors who don't use that antivirus, why not?"
You're a rockstar Hey now
Read this in the voice of Ron Swanson Slice watermelon. Put on grill. Once nicely charred on both sides remove and place on plate to let rest. Meanwhile put real piece of meat on grill and cook to your liking. Once that meat is done throw away the stupid watermelon and enjoy your meat.
Mai bine decat banane ca maimutele. Mananci porumb ca porcii.
"How should I get new hobbies when I live in a not very big town? The desire for sex, sure. But even that you can reduce by having a good workout. It's been shown that physical workouts can give you similar highs to sex. And instead of sitting on your ass complaining about not having a relationship, you're busy doing stuff, so you don't have time to think about it too much. In most situations, a desire to have a girlfriend/boyfriend is not a healthy thing. You should be your own person, and maybe if you meet someone you like, you can hang out with them and maybe that'll turn into a relationship. But there are people out there who simply yearn for ""a relationship"". Not because they like a certain person. Just because they think being single is a bad thing and they feel like they need a partner to be complete. And especially for those people, it would be a lot better to get out there and work on themselves (get hobbies, activities, etc..) so they can more naturally meet someone."
"Having a negative or overwhelming experience doesn't mean you can't handle the trip, how you react when these moments arise determines that. Major fucked-up childhood here. Can confirm. The first time I took acid I took 3 hits of Orange Sunshine microdot back around 1980. My first ego dissolution was rough. I'm actually glad I was at home alone in my bedroom. Psychedelics have a way of calling me on my shit. It is not always a pleasant experience, but it is always a positive one, in that it kicks me in the ass to take care of the shit I'm ignoring that holds me back."
Whoa I've never seen this before. Bizarre Kickoff Glitch
"you could use ubuntu, and then use WINE to be able to run all your incompatible programs/games. What will happen if I use an alternate OS for my PC? I'm building a new gaming computer, but the need for an OS really cuts into my budget. are there any other good alternatives to Windows?"
Wonder what he's smoking lol Cam Newton sighting at a Nashville club last night
Can't they just forcibly remove the teeth of every North Korean.....**oh wait** North Korea has banned all tourism in the country in fear of Ebola outbreak
"Could have given him a cig at least, cmon man. Hate to say it but reasons like this is why I don't give anything to the people begging on street corners. Had one guy ask me for some change while I was waiting for the light to change. I said no. He then asks me for a cigarette since he sees I am smoking one. I say no again. Then he offers to give me a free ass kicking if I would pull into the parking lot on the corner."
*and that was the last time anyone saw him* He sure did as I remember rabbit hunting with him when I was 5.
"Username *doesn't* check out. Thanks for explaining the word ""many"" to me. It means a lot."
"I don't even know what that is, but I'll take 1 copy, please If I get 100 upvotes, I'll buy everyone who upvotes a copy of Sun and Moon I'm rich and bored. Make me proud Reddit! Leave a comment below after upvoting so I know to message you to send a copy."
"So... Q ex Q? I see what you mean. I doubt the Q believe in a power higher than themselves, though. ;-)"
Noice post Noice
"Serious question - why do you say film is better than digital HD? it looks like a 12'x12' ""Shower Curtain"". Probably around $1500-$2000. The light is an ARRI M18, around $4000. Its bulb is $500 and the Ballast to run its around $6000 I think. The camera,... not sure. But you can see they are shooting it on 35mm film, not Digital HD. Good for them!"
"your mom is adorable! I love that my mom is getting more into makeup, but I'm not sure bedazzled eyebrows are the way to go..."
"he said Israel, Israel won six. Brazil has only won five."
"Keanu, the Key and Peele movie. How'd he do that?"
"when i saw it was on sale, i went straight to gamestop to get a $20 steam card and bought it and played it as soon as i got home For some reason i really want this game."
I love the WKUK This salad tastes like a pussy
"In my sleep. If you could choose, how do you want to die? Personally, I'd like grow quite old, and on the cusp of death I would fight a tiger on the edge of a cliff."
They fell out of the tree. SWARM SWARM!
"So, buy now, sell later, right? To add to Mjolnir2000's point, Brexit didn't actually happen yet. Expect a similar impact as the process moves forward."
"Looks like Telstra really hasn't been everywhere, man. Was going to post something for the Townsville Football Cup. 3 - 1 to Sydney FC over the Fury. Keen to see highlights. But shitty that they can't stream the games, but apparently the 4G coverage isn't good enough."
"It's their job, would it be any better if they went about it with grim faces? Not to be spoil sports here but assembly line ones atleast don't have salivating humans getting a kick out of killing the animals."
"My theory is kinda the same, only with the slight difference in that he never had a cluster, thus allowing him to have far greater control over other sensates he met. Whispers Theory Whispers was in a Cluster. They all died or were killed in some way. The pain drove him into deep anger/hatred/insanity. He is now tracking other clusters. He is trying to understand and replicate the connection but also killing them in his anger. Sympathetic bad guy with reasonable motives of grief/rage/insanity."
"I wanna see this reversed, he flips around so weird and cute! ""Is he... gone?"""
"Richmond, VA was capitol of the confederacy so not too north. Northern looks like"
"Hey we're going to the elite 8 in soccer thank you very much From a completely unbiased position, I'm going to have to say Purdue. Let's keep Louisville's shitty week going."
"We've gone meta ""There is a case for government when the actions of one effect another without their permission... Going for no government is stupid. One has to exist (Sorry anarchists but.. you're wrong)."""
How did your breasts get like that? new bra. does daddy approve?
"No Solanke :/ Chelsea team tonight: Cech; Ivanovic, Cahill, Terry (c), Azpilicueta; Ramires, Matic; Willian, Fabregas, Hazard; Drogba."
They certainly disagree in plenty. Doesn't GK and SE despise each other?
MFW I don't know what to put in the blank space MFW ______________ (fill in the blank)
Girard and Lambot also recently rereleased their photographic book *City of Darkness: Life in Kowloon City* that's full of photos like this. Kowloon city.
"unless you are in engineering, and you choose good grades, you will not have a social life or sleep. Good grades, a good social life, and enough sleep. Choose two."
"Or under the ""helpful links"" in the sidebar? Could this be a sticky post? It seems like great general information"
"Cur tu me vexas puer molestus! Fuckin' Sextus, molesting the shit out of Cornelia and Flavia."
"I mean, you did ask reddit for advice, and then you're unhappy because they tell you to lawyer up and take them on... Yes. I consulted a lawyer and took the legal approach, not the reddit sue your a fag way."
"""Bad Manners"" I hate to be that guy, but what does ""BM"" actually stand for? I know what it 'is.'"
Love how it's a picture of donuts... TIL that the average American woman of today weighs the same as the average American man of the 1960s
Nice try MeUndies CEO now i want a pair
There's a method that only fails if you go on a horrifying bad luck streak. nice.... i want to do that lol 100k into 1 million!
"Lmfao any uh steroids found can and will he used by me. I mean, I'm not on steroids, just vitamins."
ITS A SOCIAL EXPERIMENT Its just a prank bro!
That comment you just responded to is exactly the reason why summonerschool needs a minimum rank limit before you're allowed to give advice What rank are you?
"""Your momma is such white thrash, she doesn't even wait for you to break your arms before she molests you."" Insults that only nerds would get."
Fuck that guy in particular! Yeah! Fuck that guy!
Pretty much. 1: Detroit 2: Buffalo 3-28: Everyone else. 29: Chicago 30: Colorado
"You'd prefer we keep our seersucker suits and horn rimmed glasses forever? Jesus. Everyone in this town will look like a fucking hipster. What's next? The ""Brooklyn-ification"" of DC has reached a new level."
Its in the trailer man. I won't ruin it for you. It's really a good movie and worth seeing. Google the plot if you really want to know.
"The people who see Trump for what he is and don't buy into the propaganda are the ones that support him... No, because Hunter would see Trump for what he is, and would therefore both fear him gaining power and loath the fact he might."
"I'm not the brightest person, but working backward from English does that mean, ""Ignorance of the law is not an excuse?"" Ignorantia juris non excusat"
"But, these are the sample sizes that will be needed to find an effect of genes on behavior (i.e., all genetic effects are really small). Not really surprising, any time a study has a huge sample size like this it means the effect they were trying to find was really small, otherwise a smaller sample would have been enough to see the effect. It's kinda funny when people assume a huge sample size is always good while usually it just means that yes their estimation should be accurate, it is only needed because the effect was so small."
your birch* Omw to steal your bitch
"Started with the Package Piledriver, switched to the Pumphandle Neckbreaker. What's your finisher in career mode?"
"This shouldn't affect sales in NC, we don't test diesel emissions, only gasoline vehicles....ugh, I question my state sometimes. Volkswagen has admitted to using software on VW and Audi branded cars to cheat U.S. diesel emissions tests, shares plunge more than 20 percent."
My saving grace today so far... Cleveland coming back means more Antonio Brown time.
"I wonder what they're looking forward to more: the heavenly bliss, or seeing 'different' people suffer? Christian explains why there will be bliss in watching their non saved family members burn in hell"
I mean he guarded him well How you like them handles bitch
"Have an upvote, sir - this comment made me burst out laughing by myself in public. That bold ending. You had me biting nails."
"I think so, its in bo3 even. OMG is Nuke town the new rust to today's COD kids? ;_; I feel old"
What's the difference between this and the other one Another Zombie mod (by camxxcore)
"If lead was bad for you, it wouldn't taste so good. Also on Reddit, a comment from a guy who grew up in the 1950's. He had a playpen with lead-based paint and ""I used to lick the sides of that sucker, and didn't get sick from it."""
Have we gotten anything out of these petitions other than a beer recipe? Petition to White House about Arizona 'voter suppression' hit goal in about 40 hours
"You didn't fly away Captain here, Reflection Quality to High and Shading Quality to Medium/High makes it more shiny and reflective."
How would he game share? Game share?
This is the new political compass capitalists pretending to care about you acting like this.
NO. Shield of Regrowth is there for the changing! It's never been useful its entire life time in the game. Make it Lotus Crown Physical V2.0!
What's that have to do with which team is better You know that Kikis had never played with UoL either at the same time? I doubt you did.
if you can count mcdonuts as food Never come between a fat lazy cop and his food.
"""Chad is an overblown midget"" Have you seen Mendez he looks like a fucking bodybuilder"
"Where is the dislike button on twitch, can't find it. Most amazing draws for a 2 minute adventurer win"
"Mind sharing any links? Yo, I have recommendations for postcolonial theology, if you're open to it."
"Cigarette smoker here, sounds excellent I used to chew a lot of khat. Was introduced to it by a cab driver. It tastes utterly disgusting, and as far as I can tell there is no way to make it take any better."
"Well, the part of dirty tricks won't be caught with their fingers up their nose in May without doing any opposition research. Is there anything other than tradition preventing Trump from running for the GOP nomination again in 2020? If not, I wouldn't put it past him."
cause driving and health care are exactly the same thing in every way shape and form. Everyone that agrees with this must also agree with private health care or you are a hypocrite. Fact.
"Though we do not believe the same things, I hope that we can respect the religion of the other. It is sad that you feel that way. Only with time will you find the truth."
[4realz] Are there actual methods of testing bmr beyonf just using a scale and measuring caloric intake? I've had my metabolism tested twice and apparently their charts can't measure it.
"Scenario 1 has issues as we can still cast magic in space and on broken planets like Outland and the planet that guldan and terongore take you to in the talador quest chain. No one knows. My opinion: 1.) The Titan becomes a separate entity and the Azeroth planet becomes an ""empty"" planet, however there is no magic, emerald dream, etc. (because that's from the soul of the titan). 2.) The planet gets destroyed and a Titan awakens. 3.) Planet transform into the Titan...we all live on the Titan like bacteria..."
rest in peace Jesus. You can actually see his soul depart.
"I'm confused. so Die Yuppie Scum still reigns true, basically"
Big Shot Rob Who's the best role player in history?
"*Double* Rajang Since it says quest completed right before, you become invincible."
"Oh yeah, don't get me wrong, the prosecution here was miles beyond the pale and definitely should have been sanctioned or even criminally charged themselves, and the underfunding and overburdening of the public defender system is definitely a flaw the system has. I get what you're saying. Keep in mind, the DA has unlimited resources whereas the defense does not. They throw everything at the wall and hope something sticks. And the judges just go along with it."
The moment everyone thought that presbo is an idiot. Source: The Wire
"I get paid 3 dollars a minute for Fiber. I pay $35 a month for ~315 Mbps up and down, unlimited."
[Kanye West] - [Power] (Point Point Remix) NEW REQUEST THREAD you kno what to do
"That's not a very confusing thing, the more confusing part is that this album features artists who ""shaped"" Monstercat, Slippy (as much as I love you) is not one of those artists I don't see why they would have a song by slips and slurs on the compilation of he's not even included in the album art."
"More like the best time I have ever had while playing a video game I don't get this, do people not like the quests in OWB?"
"IS underrated, it's still going on TBS This show was grossly underrated."
Der Riese &lt;3 Moon :) Origins BEST Revelations :/ simple reviews on the last zombie maps of each treyarch game Der Riese &lt;3 Moon :) Origins :D Revelations :'(
So... CODE...? Now we wait for NPC High Sec suicide gankers to attack the NPC High Sec miners and come full circle.
"So they send the middles to Motel 6. In an attempt to reduce waste, this hotel soap has no middle."
Let's not make him even stronger ok Blackbeard should mimic how shield operators reload. Force the player to press the reload button instead of reloading automatically.
Looks like you dipped a Quaver in some tomato sauce and stuck it to your toe. I think it's safe to say my nail is going to fall off. NSFW
"I also think that it costs them money to push out patches, and that's not something all indie game companies can afford. I can accept glitched trophies at launch, but to never patch the game to fix unobtainable trophies is just inexcusable. It's a big fuck you to anyone who likes trophy hunting."
the ad glitch thingy does get annoying sometimes Spotify
And having a gun and not There's a lot of difference between 210 and 300 lbs.
VVV There's one below you This sub attracts a lot of trolls.
Why are they wearing the same jerseys. Marco Reus goal - Borussia Dortmund vs Jeonbuk FC 1-0
"Because broken, hahaha. Why?"
"Agreed - a front four of Coutinho, Firmino, Lallana/Ibe and Teixera would be exciting. Would rather just play a fluid front 2/3/4 (depending on how you look at it), that are capable of interchanging and causing defenders loads of problems."
Fu-kit No.
You can move it anywhere you like Is the camera locked in that position or can you move it down?
"Drug companies should be banned from advertising at all, like they are in the rest of the world. Too many companies hide behind free speech. It's what drug companies cite to be able to market toward the consumer. Every freedom in the bill of rights has restrictions, some need a few more. I'm not saying we ban paid advocacy, but I do believe disclaimers of some sort should be required."
Shouldn't the flair say Trumpendious? Donald Trump Wins Legal Battle in University Case
"sadly Rik Mayall passed away last year, A fred wouldn't be the same without him Now it can be Drop Dead Beetlejuice. He can be her imaginary friend. And we get a sequel to Drop Dead Fred as well."
"I wonder what that guys life is actually like. The wife and I ran into some ""LIVE ACTION"" at the arch in St. Louis"
"The loading times are way too long in Skyrim. Skyrim is great but the lag is fucking annoying. As my game file grew bigger, the game performance went from 'ok' to 'very bad' and it was unplayable. I stopped playin because Fallout 3 had the same kind of lags and it ultimately killed my first ps3 with a YLOD."
Think of it as the toddler gnawing on your leg to remind you to make lunch. Why do phones vibrate and turn on your screen to notify you that your battery is low?
"""*to be continued*"" May wanna think about that (sister location is canon). These are really cool but there PROBABLY won't be an update three"
I always enjoy Limp Biscuit -Insert witty limpet charge title here-
"""gubment bad"" would've gotten you more upvotes :P That is not how it works. People pay taxes, which pays for government workers. In other words you and everyone around you are paying for the government services, just as you pay for groceries or pay for a mechanic to fix your car. Money itself is just a measurement of goods and services that allows complex agreements of exchange between parties. Before money you had to barter, I will give you two apples for three bananas and so on. Money just allows for a much more complicated chain of deals. Your analogy also does not hold water, as the transfer of money from parent to child is not seen as a legitimate business transaction. It works like this. Family as an income of $21,700. They pay $10k to a business, which happens to be owned by their kids. The business provides $10k worth of services (produces $10k of GDP). The business pays tax of $1500. The government spends that $1500 on a bolt for a fighter jet ($1500 GDP). All up you have produced $11500 GDP. However, you still have $21,700 in this chain. The family has $11700, the kids have $8500, the government has $0 and the bolt supplier has $1500. You see, you don't actually produce money, you produce goods and services. We just use money as an IOU of sorts. Obviously the above chain is a lot more complicated, since the family had to do something to get their $21,700 and the bolt supplier would have paid for the materials and labor and so on. It is just simplified to get the idea across."
Right now my team would do just about anything to win...but they would never sign this scumbag...shame on you Jerry Jones This Is Why NFL Star Greg Hardy Was Arrested For Assaulting His Ex-Girlfriend
"High performance vehicles have no effect on my life. How has HPV affected your dating life? Hey, I just found out today my Pap smear came back irregular and that I tested positive for HPV despite having the vaccine ~10 years ago. Does anyone have any stories about how this affected their dating life? I am most definitely going to just... not date anymore for a long time. I broke up with my boyfriend because we haven't had sex yet and I don't think he deserves to have an STD for the rest of his life."
"Well, you sure as shit can't carry it. Sooooo how secure is that toilet seat?"
"Wentz will be starting when you're 21. Tips for someone planning a solo trip from out of state? Hey guys. I live in Indy, and Ive always wanted to go to philly to watch the Eagles IN philly. I went to the Eagles @ Colts game a couple years back and loved it, but the atmosphere is obviously a lot different at a home game. Thing is I don't have any eagles fans (none willing to make a trip out at least). I was thinking of going to any Sunday game next season; flying out Saturday, stay in (some hotel - recommendations)?, game Sunday and fly back home. Anyway. Would you guys recommend me wait another year (I'm only 20, will be 21 in February)? Going to philly alone might be a lot more fun if I can go to bars and whatnot. Or should I go ahead and do it now while I can this season? And if it's worth it to go this year too, what're some fun things I can do is someone alone in the lovely city of brotherly love?"
I wonder how he's attaching all of that garbage so it doesn't fly off. Live your dreams.
"Well by the looks of it most people here must be 15 - how else is Game of Thrones so high up for a question about theme SONGS. I'm surprised this answer is so far down. Both Rolling Stone magazine and TV Guide voted it the best TV theme song of all time, and it's one of the only theme songs listed here which gained success in both the US and British pop charts. Plus it received an Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Achievement in Music and Lyrics. I can only speak for myself, but the Cheers theme song is the only theme song which gives me warm fuzzy feelings."
Still it will get rotated out at the same time as BRM and TGT which makes very little sense imo. Not next expansion. The 2017 one!
haan abhi 50k ke chakkar mein china se door handle mangwaye hai BA Pass dekhli kya?
"Ah yes, the classic Wiitendo 64 It isn't much, but I took a stab at painting my spare system."
"They don't owe you a fucking thing. I hate to say it but I don't think they will, I feel like Bungie doesn't really give a fuck about their paying customers. Besides if no one can get on for Xur this week, they'll probably come back next week... right? I hope I'm wrong though."
"I was afraid someone wouldn't get the reference! Welcome to hydraulic mech channel, where we will be crushing entire enemy team with our mech. Let's see."
I usually just type gibberish to see if it's working Paranoid Spell Checking
"Oh yes, or a hardboiled one in a pinch to make it easy... You forgot the coddled egg!"
"10/10, would photoshop again And they said it wasn't wearable . . ."
"Is that to keep that bad guys out, or *you* in? So we're on vacation, and this is our bedrooms door... O_O"
"Well, after all it was a priest that told her so and not a doctor. wow wtf... how do you go from brain dead to full recovery?"
"Pretty sure mice that are intelligent enough to play games will cost you more than $50-$100. Gaming Mouse Recommendations Howdy, I'm in the market for a new gaming mouse. My price range is $50-$100. Looking for some recommendations on which mouse the community feels has the best value."
"To be fair, Daniels is criminally underrated, and with totally unbiased goggles on, is a top 5 DL. It won't matter if they plan for the run or not if we block the way we have been. Mike Daniels alone wrecked our shit. They didn't need to run blitz"
"Also don't flush dildos If it didn't come out of your body, don't flush it. If you put it in anywhere but your mouth, then don't flush it."
Got ours last week It's that time again...
"Wow, I can't believe this is allowed on you-tube, this is soft core porn. It's time to stop"
"There are plenty of stories of dissatisfied customers with Kogan, but I've bought a couple of cheap TVs from them and everything has been fine. I have considered buying from eBay for electronics, but after 2 terrible experiences from eBay, i considered Kogan."
"Apparently, he's Emmy nominated Was that Tony from Laser Time?"
"Would have said the same about Chad President not long ago. Agreed, Zach is apparently reallu solid to Baylor and knows he's Arts guy. But crazier things have happened."
idspispopd in the demo Idclip
Then it's...ART. This is disturbing.
"I reallllly want to play my own knockout game, but I'm not a savage animal who will go out and bum rush people because I disagree with them. WHITE BLM PROTESTERS, HOLDING BLM SIGNS, CHANTING BLM, BEATING A BLACK PROTESTOR: MANKIND IS F*CKED!"
I'll give you boop up for the original and a boop down for the repost. No. You'll become an official member of r/jokes.
"From a racing standpoint, Kentucky From a aesthetically beautiful and nostalgic standpoint, Darlington From an emotional standpoint, Martinsville Chase What was your favorite race this season? I personally loved the Food City 500 back in April because two of my favorite drivers (Larson and Kenseth) really raced their hearts out that night. I also love how it was a night race due to rain instead of a day race; I remember watching that race on mute at like 1AM when everyone was asleep lol."
Grandma would be disgusted if she found out! The bridesmaids picture may or may not have given me a boner.
"No, goats r dum Jeraffes are dumb."
Lawl. Vandals target Whitehouse Institute over Frances Abbott scholarship
"10 years is a long time to play pro football, though, ""only 32"" or not. Rich Cimini on Twitter: ""Filed to ESPN: Jets LT D'Brickashaw Ferguson is retiring today after 10 seasons, per sources. Only 32. Completely healthy. A stunner. #nyj"""
"Stiff opposition... fnarr, fnarr. The Sex Party is within a nudge and a wink of getting a senator up in Tasmania: ""Our five main policies are legalising and taxing marijuana, euthanasia, taxing the church, abortion as a national health policy and censorship''"
Yup same here. Anyone else getting this right now?
"I stopped getting them after I got my tonsils out As someone who is plagued by tonsiliths, that sounds awful. They are gross, smell fucking terrible, and impossible to get rid of."
"sweet zombie linda As mentioned on on the Wrestlemania 17 OSW Review, shes a master of kayfabe"
"The baby probably popped out with that face, all like ""Surprise motherfucker!"" That face is freaking me out."
Of course Vader won half his team was helping... VADER VS LUKE
Why not just shoot them in the face? Are you saying defeating your attacker doesnt get them to stop?
definitely eastern euro Notsureif eastern euro or asian
"So...what gender is sitting on your ass eating and surfing the internet all day? ""Your behaviour creates your gender"", apparently gender is LARPing"
what comes up with the results of the possibility of me being banged? 404: File not found. Would you like to know more?
Ok good because I can't tell with this sub. Probably Magic Johnson.
Not to mention Fallen Hero's effect can stack which could make for some hilarious combos Except sniper is trying to put control into a hero that's 90% aggro. This is putting more control into an already control heavy hero. It's way better.
"You could play Asylum in a very linear fashion, but you still had pretty much open access at any time as long as you had the proper gadget to get to certain places. I don't know I played it pretty linearly. All I really remember is how disoriented I felt moving from Arkham Asylum to Arkham City. I always felt like I had a really clear goal in Asylum without much distraction in the way of that. City certainly had a goal for the main story but because of the open nature of the game I found myself distracted from that much more easily."
Beats #3 contender Gets put at #14 Yoel would rip rafael natal's head off Yoel Romero added back to the Middleweight rankings at number 14
I have faith in funimation. This dub sounds really bad IMO.
"Dude, his record is 25-0 that video has to be fake, pls tell me hes acting"
:( :(
awoo-la-la~ Water Wolf
"Naw, I think it just likes your shoes. Paras the Pervert"
"Fortunately, in canon all the walkers on Hoth were taken down... But the shield generator had already been destroyed. Defeat on the horizion"
msi.. You haven't given us enough information to help. Start with the model of the laptop you're using...
"God damnit. As soon as my girlfriend told me that Gibby was thrown out in the first, I asked if Carapazza was the umpire. Sure. As. Shit. Of course he was."
"Except he wasn't. When you're out played by Tebow in camp, you certainly have many issues."
how about a get together were balls and prostate do some breast checks while breast cancer ones do some balls checking Yep a check your balls and postrate campaign would be a great.
"He'd have a strong case at arbitration for a one way contract with the new team if he was claimed. Can we pick him up to help out Utica? He'd really help the forward corps, if he doesn't sulk, that is."
R/turkey with the spicy memes today When you conquer Istanbul just right...
"not very, just the normal amount; around deadlines it does get a bit crazy Oh. Are you normally busy ?"
Prepare yourself for the downvotes. Monreal and Bellerin Emerging as Best Fullbacks in England
Probably not I think doesn mean teams have to reveal them until 17th tho
"I would try to excrete the most bodily fluids that I possibly could. I always tell my friends that in the event of an attack I think I'd just try and act crazy. Not ""you don't wanna mess with me"" or any of that dumb crap but strip naked and start helicoptering while making warbly noises or something. They've got your money and you're obviously insane I can't imagine them wanting to mess with you."
"Rusty, trombone. What 2 words are innocent when googled by themselves but produce awful results when googled together?"
"I didn't oversleep, my alarm clock made me late! Heroin overdoses will now be considered homicides, coroner says"
"Thanks for catching that, I really did mean to say you wont have many arguments. I wouldn't say that you won't have arguments but that they will be minimal or nothing that a firm stance would take to end."
All of the snapchats are in the sidebar Snap chat usernames?
Proof? you are not separated from God yet
"Fuck fnatic, I don't think flusha is a hacker but fnatic is a douchebaggy team u2 and stop hating on flusha he's my favourite player on fnatic from watching the last major (cant tell if he's hacking tho i dont play cs)"
"You've got my vote, dude. Gf told me I belong here. Do I?"
Apparently just hitting on him is enough to be intimidating. Well as a fat chick now I just wanna hit on him in what is apparently an intimidating manner.
For everyone else that doesn't get the reference then :p It was a joke.
"I am more worried by him addressing the May Day parade a thing that a bunch of Stalin apologists go to It's basically an excuse for the media to paint Corbyn in a bad light, noone actually gives a shit."
"Is your sister like super nice to people in person but then a like a mean person behind closed doors? a good example is I have a sister who is a completely different person/has a completely different persona with her friends/other people than when we're just by ourselves, leading me to believe noone is themselves in public"
I used it once after I unlocked it but it's so bad it's not worth running again. Have you ever died by a 3GL? I know I haven't.
Racist Nord! Oh those Khajiit. Never trust them.
"The rock at the ""end"" of the trail looks like a T-rex on the prowl. I was having a great time"
"With our frontcourt situation, you're more likely to see Lyles get some time at the 3 vs the 5. Lyles isn't a 5..."
and here we have the correct answer. It's more maintaining the brand and the fanbase then the money from the stream itself
"The way I heard it described is that BuzzFeed does the crappy clickbait stuff to subsidize the actual good journalism, because we live in a world where crappy clickbait stuff sells more than actual good journalism. BuzzFeed's political coverage is actually getting a lot of praise this year."
Love it love it love it love it LOVE this look! Ready for the weekend!!!! Shorts&amp;heels
Yea he will just have to tell a judge that and I'm sure he will get off unscathed! I guess people get super pissed when they're almost run over and instead of getting an apology he get honked at. I guess he thought fuck this guy.
"I want to go to the moon, I just don't know where to start. So this just happend on 4chan"
"And of course it's totally your fault. This has also been a great way to sandbag at work for some people I have worked with. Tough looking problem or angry client you don't want to deal with? Just look to see if there was a ticket that could vaguely be related and transfer them over to whoever worked on it. Shit gets tiresome, especially when it happens on my day off so the client gets to stew a bit at not getting contacted."
"They can get sex, they should obviously go into whoring for equal pay, right? And then they bitch about world not being equal, them not having same pay and opportunities etc... bullshit!"
"He only has body guards because he's forced to I guess when you are a former guerrilla soldier, political prisoner and survivor of 6 gunshot wounds only to become president of the country you fought and almost died for you wear sandals wherever the fuck you want."
"Please, if you're selling your soul for good wonder spots, you gotta at least be playing as Spain. And to think you could have just bought a lottery ticket instead. Seriously though, GBR and Krakatoa both in workable range and expansion range? Did you sell your soul or something?"
It wasn't confirmed but the sniper did have a playing card in their bag. Wasnt that who the sniper on the rooftop in episode 7 (i think?) was? The one that shot the other cops
No exchanges that are worth anything will take it if it can mean legal issues. Good luck with that. If it's like any other crypto-currency you'll never know who made it and it'll be on the market long before any legal action comes from it.
In case you didn't know who I am I'm ryu -Ryu Nifty seems like a really good player. -Ryu
"i play csgo at legendary eagle and have played better with this keyboard Have you tried playing games with it, specifically something with quick reactions? That's one aspect I've always wondered about."
"This needs to be the top comment before countless users tweet this post to Niantic. Wow, this whole thread is shocking, and wrong. **This is not how the google maps API works** You're running the API calls through a proxy. First of all, gmaps API calls expect a reputable source that the API user defines, so some other punk like you can't bypass them. It's very possible this is interfering. Regardless, the app is obviously getting map data and your location in coordinates (otherwise you wouldn't be able to see anything). Niantics servers have the Pokemon and their corresponding coordinates. Therefore, it's something wrong with the Niantics servers, as they should have all the data they need to calculate distances. And the no response your detective work is getting is much more likely from the ""caught at"" map displayed for each Pokemon, which is not even displaying right now, and which has to initiate constantly while playing."
"But that song isn't upbeat, and it is clearly about him losing his love in a car crash. Last kiss - Pearl Jam"
"The nostolgia, the series where I watched this every weekend and shipped so much harder than any other anime. Found these in the gaming section at a local Zia...what are they, and why does the green one cost $20 more than the blue?"
Now with a sat-nav! A new Dacia Sandero!?!?
No snow but fully geared like a lvl100 slav. Front Yard Squat
"Jango, not sure about the head though Made from black series Boba/Jango or something else?"
"Song ID's belong in daily discussion, not their own post. Who know the title at the 4:00?"
How much everyone wants to one up each other. What do you hate the most about this sub?
"It's probably the mag, yeah. Yeah its probably the mag."
"You top it with some rainbow jimmies first, right? Ohhh I hear you now. Sometimes I blend them into a nice thick peep shake and gargle it like Lindsay Lohan on club nights."
"Why would you want to clone Moyes? Now that it's been pointed out... Fuck, how did we get here? Anyone make any breakthroughs on cloning? We only need one Scotsman like."
Most relevant username fucking EVER As (formerly) Catholic (former) virgin this isn't always the case ;)
umg is being buttholes and blocked it on mobile 'This video is not available' :( copyright problems?
"The true face of God, exile. Bosses in this game a terribly ugly for some reason.What the fuck are Dominus or Malachai supposed to resemble?"
"Just another example of Google having all the pieces necessary to make a Lego Ironman for a few years but not going the whole 9 yards to complete the piece and then Apple comes along and makes a better looking Batman Okay, Google... Apple just threw the gauntlet down on messaging. Time to get serious about Hangouts."
"Just online games Can someone fill me in on the new system, and does it work in practice games as well or just online games? I'm still a scrub."
That's blatantly false and a little misogynistic. I think it is better to be a woman than a man in first world countries these days.
"I left SMNC because I was tired of waiting hours in matchmaking queue. I left SMNC because it felt like no matter how many games I played it was always a one sided stompfest, (my team usually being the one receiving the stomp). Almost none of the matches I played before I left were even close anymore they were always one sided and just not fun to play anymore."
U wot m9 Probibly more than one haha.
Ghostbusters. What's a movie to be released this year that more people should know about?
Some one else might have gotten it wrong. Mass Effect got me. An amazing game.
I hate it when my sockpuppets go sentient on me tbqh or 30 people with hundreds of sockpuppet accounts.
just for precaution. Tbh I don't think you needed to translate that. It was a cognate
It's eggnog season so I'm gonna get fat What do you plan to do with your free time this week?
Fifa What's the series about?
you got the brits to thank for that with the opium trade back in the days that is subhuman behaviour.
I hope you all had your cyanide capsules ready. Doublelift Joins TSM
"yes... let the purge begin Well this is funny. Remember the Gawker writer who wrote some mild criticism of a handful of people in #BlackLivesMatter? Well, that writer is now on the receiving end of criticism by another Gawker writer for his ""privilege"". No one is pure enough for the SJW extremists."
"Sounds like gay bedroom bondage. Confused about BSM sub categories So for a long time, I have been extremely sexually confused. For my 32 years of existence, I have never had sex nor have I tried to engage in sex. I didn't discover masturbation until I was 22 yo! The older I get the more of a rabbit hole I go into when I try to classify myself sexually. I have always started with what I masturbate to. First, I never masturbate to porn. But, I do masturbate to fantasies in my head, and all I can say is that through years of looking on the internet, I have never found anything quite like me. It's definitely bondage, but I don't know what classification. They are fantasies that are of being kidnapped, tied with rope, and gagged with cleave gags. But, its also very different, it comes with a sense of comfort, that I am being taken care of, and everything is neat and clean, very cartoon like. Gagged with bright color cleaves that are folded nicely, I am fully clothed, usually in something warm and soft (like being wrapped in a plaid blanket and tied mummy style, or being tied up in a winter cabin, very cozy feeling). It never involves women but usually a plump middle aged man (so I guess its gay), but again, no nudity, no dicks, nothing of that sort (gay porn turns me off, porn/nudity in general turns me off). Can anyone point me in a direction if anything like this exists? Am I like some Asexual Bondage thing? Paraphilia? Am I way off the reservation and need to see a psychologist or something? I usually figure things out for myself, it helps me learn, but man, I can't figure this out. BTW, no past traumatic experiences in my past, but my first feeling was of watching someone get kidnapped and tied with winter scarves on a sitcom back in the nineties."
"lol he was such a mohamed In addition to all the other hijinks Columbus got up to, in later years, he ran a sex slave business from the New World. He remarked in a letter to a friend that nine-year-old girls were a particularly hot item with the nobility of Europe."
"I believe the term you're searching for is ""clickbait"" This title is extremely misleading. No they can't just take and hold your HDD indefinitely with the purpose of searching your data. Law enforcement, government or otherwise, needs a warrant for the whole process. Obtaining, storing, and revision of the data."
hiding illegal shit in the middle of a corn field must have been extremely effective before the Wright brothers came along and fucked everything up. Marijuana plot in the middle of a corn field
You don't think women should have the right to walk through public spaces without lewd comments about their bodies being thrown at them by strange men? What great harm does it do that can't possibly be ignored?
"The kids part who knows, but he was definitely married before. Wait... was that true?"
Yep! same. I was sold at the first concept; exploration. I couldnt really give a shit how good or bad the rest of it is
Patience and staying above the childish insults. How would you tell Clinton to operate in debates? Granted a lot of people think a landslide will happen. Even saying so will rally the base of hers even more. I think if I was her campaign manager during the debates I'd say to ignore defending herself. Instead of an offense attacking Trump I'd stick with policy. I think the biggest contrast could be actual issues not a back and forth. What would you advise her to do?
"I don't have anything illegal in my asshole either, that doesn't mean i want the police sticking their fingers up there. The RCMP does this in Canada as well. You are allowed to use the ""Inconvenience Time"" and then you have 24 hours to allow them into your house. I don't have a problem with them checking on my guns because I am not doing anything illegal. My guns are stored properly and I am not a drug dealer so if they want to knock on my door and take a look they can."
"Viewer Discretion Advised If they stuck with them only being content warnings, I wouldn't have a much of a problem with it. Trouble is, they push for them being mandatory everywhere, and even worse, they then go on to say that some content can't exist, because it hurts their sensibilities."
Are you trolling? If you don't include the messenger in that list then you are clearly a bad player and don't have much experience in a competitive setting. End of story.
same as they think they will get skyrim ultra enb graphics with source2 xD ah ye olde Source 2 will fix every single existing bug and will improve the game in every single possible way excuse again
What they're doing is **NOT** science. I'm just glad people are interested in science now and want to do experiments to understand the world.
You sound bitter Lol. Warriors fans frothing over winning a game against a skeleton of a cavs team. Good one guys.
"I wish there were sites for keeping track of what works you've consumed in mediums other than anime and manga that were as good as MAL. Great site for keeping up with anime you've watched, very weird community. Which I guess is true for most anime related sites..."
## DO U EVEN KIWI BRU? ##*U WOT M8 FTFY
"More productive than any of your condescending, sanctimonious posts have been, I would argue. This is productive."
I have this happen sometimes if DSR is enabled on my system. Console sometimes not opening after spamming the console key for 20 times. And after you give up and randomly press it after 2 minutes it all of a sudden works like a charm as if it had allways worked.
"Fiddle orchestra, get ready! So, looks like Kojima Productions will be attending GDC! GET HYPE?!"
Dementia What is your excuse now motherfucker !
Bellender Cummerband I sure do like Beneding Cumberballs.
"Better than $89 + tax + s/h.. After tax and shipping, this is $70. Not really the deal I expected."
"Being Cree, We get to grow wiring facial hair WAY late in life!XD Same here, made an account just for this. No arm hair, very little leg hair, some armpit hair. It's cool though, I could be really aerodynamic if I wasn't so fat..."
"Yeah exactly. If they thought it was a suicide attempt, that would certainly illuminate things, to my mind."
Our God is real and theirs aren't. How is veneration and prayer to the one that the icon represents different from what buddhists do to buddha? How is it different from what Hindu's claim about their statues?
You certainly like that wolf howl. Skyrim 2015 fantrailer
You mean it's going to be just like the last 8 years ? Let's turn down the rhetoric. Christ the next four years are going to be so fucking polarized
If he's eventually putting people in these things and one of them just exploded - I think that's their concern. Republicans : We don't want SpaceX investigating its own rocket accidents
"You know that it's just an automated system that picks up on keywords and not some guy judging you from the other side of the computer screen right? Don't you hate it when you google something about child pornography and Google feels the need to remind you ""Child Abuse Images are Illegal""? Like geeze Google, I just want to read some supreme court cases, get off my back. I need to start using Bing, they don't jump to conclusions and try to give me shit."
"You can't rob someone with a wet processor And if you added water and glue to them, they'd be about as useful as a brick."
"The same way we're not letting you have veto power on the UN security council. You are ""letting us""? The sheer arrogance...."
What the hell is that guy doing dragging Sooyoung like that D: Almost yanked her off te platform. SBS SNSD - Interview
RACIST WHITE MALE The former is implied by the latter.
God dammit. VICTORY IS MINE.
Green=/=primmie It's kind of funny you have red and black but a green and black flair on reddit. I have two green and black stars and I wouldn't call my self a primmie just liked the colors.
"PSA, shoelaces have no place on a bike PSA: tuck in your shoelaces even if they dont touch your pipe(s) Being a dumbass, i didnt think to tuck in my shoelaces cause they dont come close to touching the pipe. So i ride around for a bit and one of my shoelaces decided to have a secret little party with the footpeg. I found out about the party when i came to a stopsign and tried to put my foot down then dropped the bike. TL:DR- they can wrap around your brake/foot peg and make you drop your bike"
You seem to be missing a 3rd picture. Found this in a small asian food market
"Will not be. If Bernie Sanders loses, his backers may not be there for Hillary Clinton in November"
Well since his power is alchemy instead of flowers in there I assume it's the chemicals that give him his powers. I know. Just thought it looked spoopy.
"But no company will actually do this because repeat sales will be zero. Yeah, that's impressive enough if it can be reproduced cheaply, and introduced into the market."
Maybe the biggest waste of time in the game :) First/Only one in game?
99.9% of economists are not Austrian. Crazy if you have 0 understanding of economics
So very swan like Miranda Kerr
"I don't understand the whole ""turning your notes in"" thing: -Everybody writes notes differently -They are Notes, not Homework I had classes in high school that required us to take notes and turn them in. This frustrated me because note taking hurt my retention, but I absorbed material just fine when I want taking notes."
"Yeah, they tried to make amends right away though by beating the Heat The effort is there at least I live in dallas now and hear constant lakers suck talk from fellow friends so this is refreshing.. *still not over 2010-2011 sweep tho*"
"Ditto... Except I also kept SGA for VoG Oracles. The only 3 Y1 exotics I've held on to: gjallarhorn, icebreaker, MIDA... It just means so much to me :'( glad to see there's other MIDA lovers on here"
"Honorable mention to Rachel ""Saint Pancake"" Corrie, who discovered that she could not magically levitate an Israeli bulldozer by shrieking at it. Couldn't help but laugh. I think this is the appropriate subreddit"
11-Oct-75 What I get from this is the writer has absolute shit taste in comedy. Staying up to watch SNL every Saturday when that shit hasn't been good for as long as I can remember now.
and yet here i am eating lasagna and watching my kitchen nightmare ... Song Tigers
Yet they're always praying for something. Which is still quite an accomplishment. Republicans aren't great at the whole empathy thing.
tiz indeed a truly beautiful game....loves it i do :) Made a Video to Show Off the Beauty that is Arma 3
Cats and boobs just keep us listening... Waiting for a coup. I guess the Internet isn't just for cat memes and boobs after all.
Thanks...uh....Aktimno... Good job Chris.
"I have starlings I feed at work that I get sad for. I once cried about chickens. They were free range and would walk across the street from their hide to the lawn of my workplace. I'd bring corn and seeds to feed them. I knew that most people do not keep chickens as pets and that they are a food source, but I was still so, so sad when I figured out why they were suddenly gone. So, I can understand why your mom was really upset. We make weird connections with stuff."
But then you realize. as a source. We've come full circle.
"And Bayern have Shaqiri and Muller as ""back-up"" for their wings. Some sick strike forces out there. Bale, Benzema, Ronaldo. Hazard, Costa, Willian. Suarez, Messi, Neymar. Robben, Lewandowski, Ribery."
"I think the point of the story is that the Seahawks knew before signing him that he would not be allowed to play because of his heart condition and they signed him anyway. It's the agreed cost of terminating the contract early, nearly all contracts have such a clause so people can gracefully exit."
No Can you dye the blue skin another color?
"Not even so much entering the country without permission, the bigger problem is staying in the country with an expired student visa. Just a technicality, but it's not the ""living there"" that's illegal. It's the ""entering the country without permission that's illegal"". At least this is the case in the U.S. Just thought that I'd point that out"
"Ah yes the elephant gun, for when you need to kill an elephant and anyone unfortunate enough to be standing behind you when you fire it Calling it now, the Hunting Gear has something to do with it. I bet it's an Elephant Gun (AKA: That One Gun You Shoot And It Dislodges Any Bones You Might Not Have Welded Together Yet)"
"Good joke The individuals and groups fighting against the recounts know that the MI and PA recounts would not be finished by the Dec 13th deadline, leading to MI and PA being disenfranchised in the electoral college vote. They are fighting to prevent the voters in MI and PA from being silenced."
"Of course, Comrade. Was his spacesuit made by Adidas?"
"Did your game glitch on night 2 with Bidybab? Sister Location is so hard, I didn't expect it..."
"So you're saying they must construct additional pylons? If they had grenade pylons 300 years ago, they might not have lost their homeworld to a bunch of flashlight-heads."
"That facemask probably smelled like his moms spaghetti, he was super nervous and kept on forgetting how to break the safe, but he was armed and ready. I imagine its tougher to do things when your knees are weak and your palms are sweaty."
"A 'hit' is a positive response from either a local or state warrant database or listing in NCIC (vehicle associated with an arrest warrant or stolen vehicle Don't confuse assumptions for facts. not even arrests. i'm willing to bet that most of the ""hits"" ended up being fines, which were automatically sent out with no human interaction."
What else would I need to reference? Do you have a 1TB hard drive of Rare Pepes?
"I did, and it is... grabbed payday because, well, steam sale. I got it within the last two minutes. :\ I hope you managed to, it looks really cute."
"Yea, I get it, you don't give a shit about families, it's cool dude, just don't disparage those who do. If my sister repaid my defense of her house from criminals by stealing my possessions and burning my house (Austria's gratitude to Jan Sobieski), I'd probably cut her out of my life until she apologizes. If my father locked me in a basement for a decade (German-Polish interactions after about 1100 AD), I'd probably pretend I sprang into existence fully-formed without him. If my cousin literally enslaved me for a decade (Stalin and his imperial predecessors), I'd probably care for the stranger first. Therefore, as a Pole, I wholeheartedly say that Europe is to me no more special than any other part of the world. Slightly less so, in fact, given that Europeans have committed the majority of crimes against Poland."
Which 1 do we have now? Will Supercell update Electro Wizard's in-game image to match the one that clearly looks better?
#NAME? My favorite oxymoron is Dodge Ram.
I'd say Aqualad is a *Sea* List character. Lets get the original JL members solo movies first and then we can talk B characters
TURBOSWEAT TIME I should probably wait for more people to get the patch...
Cuz we don't like Russia. Why would anyone choose to side with fucking Turkey over Russia?
Just picked up my PS4 copy looking to get into Online more I'll add you and after work tomorrow I'll jump on and maybe we can play! New Ps4 crew recruiting Crew has open enrollment right now. We are a ps4 crew named Angry Lazy Kings. Only 5 members at the moment. Our Hierarchy is currently open and leadership positions will be available for early members. My ps4 SN is Hobo_shadows. Feel free to enroll in crew on social club site.
"it doesn't matter, literally for every political person there is at least one person who hates them Yeah, but unless I'm wildly misinformed, isn't Carter the guy that's working in Africa right now to eradicate diseases and parasites?"
im sure its not that hard if like 60% of the world uses it Pretty sure it's English.
"And the rest are called Lee Sin :P To be fair though, the majority of Champions are not a regular pro pick."
Anyone that's a feminist is too stupid for redemption in the first place. How many converts has your 24/7 crusade against feminism produced?
A good number of my passwords are muscle memory and I keep getting screwed trying to type them on a new phone I feel like everybody should be able to type their password quickly. Don't you type it 10 times a day? Muscle memory? My computer password is 11 random numbers and it takes like a second for me to get in.
"Photoshop is pretty much always best. What program do you use for thumbnails? So, as the title of the post implies, I'm curious what programs everybody uses to make their thumbnails. I'm trying to improve my thumbnails and I don't have, nor can I afford, Adobe Photoshop so I'm especially interested in programs besides it. So let me know: what are your favorite programs for designing your thumbnails in?"
"maybe tag it gluten free instead? Good points, thanks."
Can't build up there :( I guess that the engineer can go set a tele there when no one check up there
Can we get a political map? This Gothic Invasion just got a lot easier
"At least I'll have delicious brisket in a couple hours. September 7th, 2015, Post-game discussion: Cards lose 9-0"
LOL Yeah definitely agreed. Febiven really lacks presence now.
Left authoritarian If LW2 is 'left' than I'm Teddy Roosevelt.
"Being level 4 and facing level 7's consistently is a pretty annoying feature though xD Please, stop with the ""The game is making me lose by paring me against decks that counter me"""
"face cam Jesus, that thing at the end. *Why would you put that creepy ass shit there?*"
"STFU, let's get past NC first. You can say I'm falling for the same old UGA preseason hype trap, but I think we will very likely see UGA and Bama having a 2012 SECCG rematch. We just need Eason to play better than Lambert and for every to avoid big injuries."
Again. Did.
"FUCK RED BULL Football is for you and me, not for fucking industry Martin Hinteregger: ""Rangnick and Red Bull are ""destroying"" Red Bull Salzburg"
you have to wait for the ach transfer to clear for the limit to reset. Coinbase changes instant buy limits? Did they change Instant Buy limits in the last day or two? I just bought $100 a couple days ago and it was made available instantly as I have a backup credit card on file. Then today I try to buy $50 and it tells me 1 week. What happened? I got no email about something wrong nor have my cards changed. Please help.
upvotes for phallic archive Why not create a phallic archive and spam the next bloke who sends you one with them all
Yeah we have plenty of those girls who dance with their bums. Don't you guys have tweakers instead?
Is that the new direct drive pedal from DW? My Maple DW collector series. This beast shakes my house every time I sit down to play.
"I'm familiar enough with the assumptions science makes, I just want to know which one in particular you think is flawed, self-serving and flimsy. If you have to ask, you probably aren't in a position to do justice to the answer."
I really thought somebody was going to get yelled at. Cooking with Karl
Probably those who are anti-comic book movie (small minority) Are there people that aren't?
"Why don't they limit the amount of champions to 9? Yes. Becasue a pool of around 200 champs in 5 years, will just be too much in my eyes and distract new players from the game!"
Lost Society Is thrash not a thing anymore?
Register TFH on your account. I am already and nothing different happened :p
Long Pork What's the culinary name for humans? Cannibal here.
"Bill Mueller (2003) is the first player to hit grand slams from both sides of the plate in the same game. Let's hear your oddball baseball trivia questions/answers. I'm sure we all have those oddball stats that we remember for no apparent reason, so let's hear them! For me, it's that Tim Hudson and Bob Lemon are the only players in MLB history to hit a homerun in the same game they got their 200th career win."
"Interesting that despite a 2:1 adoption ratio, software sales have been 3:1 in favor of PS4 on multi platform titles. Finally we can compare PS4 and Xbox One sales figures"
The hate would go away if some of your fan base and your school would just never mention JoePa. Just love how everyone in r/cfb apparently hates our guts.
The estrogen level is too damn high. As I asked before: why do some of them have boobs?
She looks better without the heavy makeup. Jennette McCurdy
My thoughts exactly haha
"That's just like your opinion, man. But people didn't evolve from dogs."
"Unfortunately, the grass is always greener...I was proud to say he was our mayor. Thank you mayor McGinn I was flipping channels one day, and on some public channel I saw a council member on a panel launch a vitriolic and personal attack; I was so shocked and so disgusted, it reminded me why I despise everything about politicians, that I had to look that guy up (Rasmu-something.) Before hitting the off button I waited for a response. When it was his turn, McGinn responded with such grace and class. I can honestly say he is/was the only decent person in government I've seen, locally or otherwise. Of course, in other words he didn't stand a chance. I think he was a refreshing change from the corrupt career politicians and business as usual. In the last four years whether it be about libraries, or biking (it finally felt safe enough to start commuting by bike) despite all the ridicule (McSchwin? really mature,) or jobs (in a recession!), or finally getting things done in a city that seems obsessed and paralyzed with endless debate. I don't have a beef in this, so if you have other opinions I don't want to start a big thing here -- I really don't care, I love Seattle though I'm not even born or raised here. I just wanted to put this out there. Thank you mayor McGinn. You made this city a better place."
"they should just let like madhouse do this shit, just look at one punch man, fucking godlike animation Why Japan, why has Berserk have to be the one with bullshit CGI. Why we cant have nice things just for once Japan, just this fucking time. Wasnt the boat enough, didnt we suffer enough already?"
d'awww! Found some blue bonnets!
"Truth. True they should get to the mainstage, but I think it's better to have them come to the Avengers' aid in a movie rather than on netflix. I'd like the Defenders to get established as a group who can do it all by themselves with no outside help and then cross over into the movies later. I imagine Luke Cage and/or daredevil would work amazingly in a spider-man sequel. In fact I wouldn't mind a full team-up movie with peter and matt or luke."
Can't go anywhere without someone shitting on Pixel. Pixel? Take a look at OnePlus 3 before you make that decision.
"The problem is, a lot of people acted like Clinton and Trump were equally bad right up until the moment Trump won, and then they immediately realized that Trump is far far far worse. Assuming ""Clinton"" is the default mode for undecided voters is what lost this election, not people choosing not to vote. They didn't vote because there was no one to vote for, not because they couldn't be bothered."
Just ask if she trusts you while impressing her with some dangerous/cool shit I would fuck the shit out of Jasmine from Aladdin.
"My wife thought Funny Games was going to be a light-hearted comedy. What misconceptions have you had regarding what a movie was going to be about before you watched it? e.g. When I first heard about ""Nightcrawler,"" I thought, oh, cool, Jake Gyllenhaal is getting his own X-Man spinoff."
"5 points and then look forward to being told how each one of those points was a good result The next 5 league fixtures are all against clubs in the bottom half of the table. How many points will we collect? * Reading (away) * Wigan (home) * West Ham (home) * Newcastle (home) * Southampton (away) Me? I'm forever an optimist, so I'll say at least 12. I think Southampton away will be the toughest fixture."
"Headspacing? That's a little scary. I have a k98 that does something similar. When it's fired, the cartridge expands making it near impossible to get the expended carriage out. We have yet to find out why it does it though"
Also Illidan has golden eyes. I am actually ok with this. As much as I love Thrall and find Anduin alright I think having someone else especially someone who gave up everything to fight the burning legion over the course of his life is very deserving of becoming the beacon of light. I dont see him changing his personality to being like Velen but merely taking this power to finally end what he was always trying to do in the beginning. I appreciate his life all the more thanks to the illidan novel.
Anyone else get a little turned on reading that? Michael Malone's Defensive Commandments | Denver Post
Dump it in a glove and you dont even need to flush! So you just wear gloves to take a dump so you don't have to wash your hands? Brilliant!
Dumbasses deserve this. Why you don't get in the way of cars
HOLY FUCK SPOONMAN GDT: Bruins vs Hurricanes Let the drinking and fighting begin early! **GO BRUINS**
"someone has had a bad experience with jing weis.... That is far from savage, it's barely a mild annoyance."
21 I think. What's everyone's highest C'Thun?
"maybe, maybe not BUT i got 2x cbble cases in cologne and 1x in cluj with this That's not how it works... Is it?"
"I mean to me those are all vital to the experience but some raid things just don't translate to a five man. Servant's Quarters is almost certainly cut, probably chess as well. I feel those are natural exclusions. Everything else though...I feel it's all kind of vital to the experience, not sure what else they deemed expendable. Maybe Attumen?"
"Because the topic isn't relevant anymore, so I moved on to how you were being hypocritical. While that is a fantastic point, and I have to agree that I did get rather assholey there, I love how you just dropped the topic at hand."
Hanz and Franz What is the cutest fictional couple?
"Since SK doesn't have a national hockey team... We try too hard with CFL. New to CFL, describe your team's personality/history! Hey all, New to the CFL, have watched a few games this season so far and have really enjoyed the suddle differences between American and Canadian football. I am looking for a team to root for. I plan on watching the remaining games to make an informed decision, but would love to know each teams personality and history to make an informed decision. Appreciate any info you guys provide! Leaning towards the Toronto Argonauts currently..."
Dibs! Georgia Tech RS FR Linebacker Emanuel Bridges transferring
"ohhh service medal, his been lvl 40 and reset his lvl"
Just ask the Neanderthals. It's true. Before white people the whole world was happy and everyone held hands and laughed all day. There was no conflict.
Why? I refuse to buy an new console... And the RIP was my mindset towards my ending :'(
But the only good blue Cavs/Paladins are Finn and Geoffrey. Use the blue cavs too because they are cavs in paladin emblem
"faggot nope, too late, already showed your cards"
Craigslist Wright quote. insightful
Something something Arby's. Dominika
This one resonates with me. Coke
"And that's why that side always wins, it's because their opponents have the mentality that their vote doesn't matter. Well when you live in a state that is overwhelmingly supported by one party your vote really does do nothing. Oh great I voted, now my side only lost by 4,999,999 votes instead of 5,000,000. Or conversely: ""I voted, now we won by 5,000,001 votes"""
"And if the servers are merging, if I was to create a character today will it remain the same level and everything after they merge them? It's equal to an almost full normal Blizzard server i believe? So if you've been to servers like Silvermoon/Draenor on EU, then you have a pretty clear picture of how many people to expect"
"I just want to clarify: Are we really having a legitimate ""but what about my freeze peaches"" discussion in an SRS space? Possible counterarguments I've thought of: ""Opinion-shaming isn't systematized in the way bod-shaming is"" ""Opinions can be hidden, while many physical characteristics can't"" However, forcing someone to not express an opinion while out in public can be considered a form of systematization, can't it?"
Nick seems to always be the butt monkey in this tumblr. FINALLY! ask-thezpd crosses over Zootopia and The Lion King!
It was not... It was literally melted cheese whiz and hot sauce mixed together with over cooked soggy noodles. Bruh. That looks delicious.
"I really hope Hillary gets indicted before the convention... So, a movie in which the villain is a politician stirring up fear against a minority in order to keep in power ran rough-shod over a movie about an event certain politicians have used as a talking point to prove that we should fear a certain minority, and they should therefore be put in power. I don't think Trump is going to be president, you guys."
"That Hitler fella made some good points, eh? What's the most awkward thing to say to the guy pissing next to you at the urinal?"
"Wouldn't that depend on which way you are turning, though? Passenger scared? Oversteer. Driver scared? Understeer."
"This isn't an opinion, it's just racism. Cringe pics, also known as ""pictures of opinions I disagree with""."
"Honestly, what could be such a terrible idea? Overheard two girls talking: Where does my boyfriend get all these terrible ideas in bed?"
"True, kinda like SOE / Daybreak in the past :P My answer, as a rule, is no. Wargaming seem like decent enough chaps (with the exception of the Saipan), just retarded ones at times."
"SeemsGood Thanks Jeten_Gesfakke SeemsGood - Abaddon - Mist coil - AA - Cold feet - Arc Warden - Flux - Axe - Battle hunger - Bane - Brain sap - Bloodseeker - Bloodrage - BH - Track - Brewmaster - Drunken haze - Bristleback - Goo - Broodmother - Spawn spiderlings I just gave you 10 heroes with at least 1 spell to pop that spell shield without being disabled themselves and I'm 2 letters into the alphabet. Not just that, but the following items are available for everyone and also pop spell shield without disabling yourself: - Urn - Force staff - Diffusal blade - Ethereal blade - Dagon - Halberd Now with some of these things you might want to think twice before you make them backfire on yourself, but there's also shitloads of non-targetted disables that also allow you to cc an AM. Not to mention that in your example, you're also talking about a 6 slotted AM, which just shouldn't happen unless you know you can control him."
You're referring to the Golden Age. Ah well what do I know? Politics is for the men folk anyway ;p
"Thanks for the long and detailed response, but I should have mentioned that I loved the way the Zeds talk and had character in KF1 and wish they would add that in KF2 (which is seems like they are starting to do) but I'm confused about one of your points, you talked about how that in KF1 that you have combos to kill the big Zeds quickly, you also have that in KF2, so it doesn't really make that much sense, But thanks again for the detailed response. And that's exactly what I like about KF1, you can't just use bullshit sprint and run away from danger, that feels so cheap. You always have to have good awareness and getting surrounded in KF1 can always be a death sentence. You always have to make the best decisions in positioning, like whether you can hold your ground or run away and risk running into other zeds. Or whether or not you can squeeze through a path by shooting your way out, if you miss your shots you're dead, it's very intense and strategic. Also in KF2 if you wanna play HoE solo you better take a class that has movement speed, you're gimping yourself so hard and it's abysmal trying to outrun zeds without passive movement speed. Sprinting zeds is what broke the game balance wise, and is a reason it won't ever be as strategic as KF1. You already addressed this later in your comment and I agree how in KF2 it's incredibly stupid how when you get surrounded and you think you're dead, but the ai decides to ignore you and go for your teammates instead, so you can walk a mob of zeds right by and live when you shouldn't have. It feels cheap when it happens to you and rewards bad players. As for berserker I actually like him more in KF1, not because he's OP, but because you're not forced to move in a direction you don't want just to get the right swing. WASD controlling swing directions in KF2 is really lame and I hate it. As for the atmosphere KF1 definitely takes the cake, gritty and dark maps really make you immersed in the worlds. Unlike KF2 which has generic futuristic boring theme to it that I don't really like. Also I'm a bit confused how you don't think the zeds are better in KF1, sure the graphics aren't the best but they all talked and had character to them, they were legit creepy when they sneak up on you and whisper in your ear. In KF2 the zeds are just unscary, boring meat puppets imo. Also you could have a lot of fun using chat commands conversing with teammates, none of that in KF2. As for depth just the classes itself have way more depth in KF1. There's combos each class can do to deal with big zeds and it can take a while to master them and feels really rewarding when you pull them off in the heat of the battle. In KF2 there's really no depth to the classes, it's pretty much all the same whether you're lvl1 or 25 and there's nothing to master in them. It's like you can unlock X perk and you can now spam the head and kill the big zed just from sheer damage. Much skill. In KF1 the classes actually felt unique and each had a specific role in the team. In KF2 everyone's pretty much a better or worse trash clearer, and you can be 2x better than your teammate but no way to show it, because you're just another trash clearer same as everyone else. HoE gameplay is boring as well, brainless trash clearing until the beg zeds spawn and then for a moment everyone holds MB1 and spams the bullet sponges, and then goes back to trash clearing. With the addition of sharpshooter it got a bit better, but it's largely still the same and incredibly boring for many classes up until when big zeds spawn. I think I've rambled enough lol. I'll probably get downvoted as always, because everyone who feels the same as me have long left the sub and it's mostly newcomers or other who are hardcore fanboys of KF2 have stayed. None of my KF1 veteran friends like KF2. Tripwire dig themselves a grave because they catered to mainstream casual gamers."
"Anything that doesn't appeal to straight white guys basically. Can someone give me an example of elective politics that aren't identity politics? Like as long as you're relying on people to vote you in, you're going to be appealing to a demographic by definition."
I thought it was going to say something at the end. Weird hands you say?
"yeah, I found that one by missclicking xP Did you also know you can loot the meat bags that super mutants hang up everywhere"
"God I just hope the Red Sox don't try to ""be polite"" or some bullshit and give the jackass a tribute he doesn't deserve. Red Sox not planning Alex Rodriguez tribute Tuesday"
"i think it's because context is off Haha thanks. I thought it was pretty funny, honestly, but being funny never was my thing. I should just stick to being nice, huh?"
"Fair enough, I didn't hear about the Roy/Ryu stuff myself until a couple of days afterwards - becasue I was too busy playing as Mewtwo - who has kinda become my main now... I think they mined the 15th update the day of, but we'll see"
"Or the communication block of realizing he forgot to brush his teeth in the morning. Don't forget the classic Kessel ""eh""!"
"If you look at the other angle, Dixon didn't get a hand on it Rhonde blaming the DB for ""dropping"" the int, when he should be saying good job by Dixon for stripping it out."
"NRA, the supporter of terrorists. Montana man who threatened to execute school kids will be able to keep his guns"
"They don't own the cars, it's essentially viewers letting them borrow the cars for the video These guys do the tackiest shit to their cars."
"If gears didnt have them, itd probably have to make up all the dialogue myself Fun little game for non native english speakers"
Definitely a Katie. Spork?
Never go full retard. OMG! THE TEA PARTY! RACISTS AND BIGOTS! LOL #JT20xx #CONservatives #Science #Pride
"Yeah, I don't mind at all when people use clips for educational purposes. This not really my video but I would think it would be covered under fair use anyway."
":) ill probably do it after the next competition, as i plan to add a theorycrafting aspect aswell as a buildmaking one. Yeah, it was just a suggestion for the future."
How big is the FPS difference friend? Decided to make an upgrade (GTX 650 to GTX 1060)
I wouldn't I would totally read a comic book about the epic battles the two of you wage.
"Shit son, nobody saw that coming. Dancer Enchanted sword weapon art no longer stun locks. Every single time I use it now, halfway through the attack whatever I'm fighting rolls or quicksteps out of the way. Leaving me open for whatever attack they please since the ending animation takes forever to complete. This is new with 1.04.... thanks From software, you just made my build useless."
Get on the phone to the rentalsman asap and get a case opened as well. Avenue Living randomly changed my lock
"So the front page after the last update? Yes it is a low quality. Of course complaining is worst but imagine a front page with every comment saying ""thank you supercell!"" Again, I'm not trying to be mean, just reasonable."
"okay, your trolling was pretty good yesterday, but it's like 24 hours later and you have to start something new otherwise it just drags on. Or until you get some real life problems to complain about. You'll start to notice this more once you hit puberty..."
I'm really surprised he's made it to the fifth round. Do GMs not know that Ryan Pilon is still available?
"Billow All day Rebuildables, can't fight the temptation any longer. Opinions on RTA's? First off, I hate all you guys just a little bit, I thought i was happy with my little CE4 lol. I'm rocking a Nautilus mini now and I really like having a reliable tank. I think i have it narrowed down to Kayfun, Lemo, or Orchid. Is it just a brand preference thing or are there redeeming qualities for each? and lastly, what might be a stupid question, Why do some of these ship with steel mesh?"
"The answer would be women who are plus-sized, feminist and lesbian. I guess I shouldn't be surprised but the amount of fat shaming comments, but I do wonder who MRAs hate more: feminists or fat women? I know a fat feminist is in their top spot for sure."
"And with inputs and outputs. imagine your mobile phone, but with linux. and a mouse and keyboard. that is the R-Pi in a nutshell."
"I know I'm going to down voted but how often do you see immigrants shit in boxes or piss in bottles? Yup, but the current market really doesn't allow him to do anything else to keep a competitive price. There's a lot of immigrants around here that take even less, it's not right, but that's the current market that has been created."
"Kicking the bucket, maybe. Harper Lee. I honestly thought To Kill a Mockingbird was written some time in the 19th century, meaning that of course the author would be dead. But she is still alive and kicking."
They're already immunized from all the crap the original settlers brought over. I can't tell what side the Indians are on.
"His resurrection is supposed to vouch for all the things he said. But given the lack of special knowledge, we aren't justified in believing that he had any divine knowledge either."
I dont think it's worth it considering dual 970s will beast mode pretty much everything at 2K res. Should I upgrade from gtx 970 sli to gtx 1080? Not sure if i should make the jump - is it worth it? Not sure if i should hold out for the gtx 1080ti.
"Add with the fact that most people on the Indonesian public in general isn't well-versed with satire either. Playing with fire. Satire as it is, the publishers should understand that there are more people who would be offended than to be amused with this.."
But I like boobies :( Don't go to a strip club.
"the thing is the casters do the things you mentioned not only when it comes to eu vs na they are just unfun in general with their forced puns and other bad jokes (especially phreak) I can deal with twitch chat being retarded. I can't deal with Riot casters stooping to that level. Sjokz, Krepo, Phreak, and quickshot have just been parroting stupid shit. They are all trying oh so hard for the EPIK BURN LEL that they forgot to be entertaining."
"No, he's not. Barkley is absolute trash"
2015 REx Giga BMW i3?
"He's the villain, now. So what some common The Flash misconceptions? Clear the air with common mistakes people get wrong."
"I personally main Ike and Falco which covers everything but D3 imo but even then, the MU is doable with both these characters. Best Dual Main combinations After maining ROB with Olimar as a secondary I started realizing that my secondary actually Olimar does help in a lot of MU's ROB struggle. Charizard, G&amp;W, CF, ZSS and maybe even Sheik and Mew2. And vise versa ROB does better in Olimar's tough MUs like Marth, Ike, Fox, Meta Knight and Ivy. This lead me thinking about what the best character combinations could be. So what dual/tri main characters do you think are the best combinations?"
"It's Future and the Past, Yes Future and the Past One is an idiot, And the other won't last You know what happens next S1 Barry no longer exists Because Future, Future fucked up the Past Past Past Past Past ::dum dum dum dum dum dum:: Pinky and the flash"
That isn't how an AMA request works. Ama request... Yet you ask no questions.
"Eh, at least she isn't a fascist piece of shit. You should go to Hillarys facebook page and read people's opinion of her. The record cannot keep up correcting all the comments. The majority are from women calling Hillary out for being nasty, corrupt and a liar. The people are speaking and it's fantastic. They have seen thru all the lies and spin."
"Why did I never think to cook lentils in the rice cooker? Do it, homie! You can get a good rice cooker for $25 and sometimes cheaper. Don't go for one any more than $35, it isn't necessary. Also you can cook other things in rice cookers! Lentils, beans and even cake. Really fucking good cake."
getting pen'd straight thru the spaced armor on the front of my super pershing turret by a T54 spamming 330 pen heat says yes Is it possible for HEAT to penetrate spaced armour? Assuming no angling whatsoever.
"Guess I know what I'm watching tonight then, thanks for the suggestion :) Oh definitely. Best thriller I've seen in a while. Way exceeded my expectations."
A lot of Clinton as president Curious what some of you guys see in regards to the US elections Not trying to be political at all. But I'm just curious what some of you see/feel in regards to the US elections? Any thoughts on the end results? Or outcomes from those results?
"If you're spending your time in a movie theater being entertained by your cell phone, you're wasting your ticket money. You don't get why people are addicted to a device that has literally thousands of uses, including entertainment purposes?"
"Preach brother There are not two parties in this country. There is one - the corporations &amp; wealth party, and it has two right wings - the Democrats and the Republicans."
He did a bit during his youth days. Jose Baxter doesn't even play as a striker does he?
"""My great-grandmother's cousin's barber's dog's interior designer once went to an Italian restaurant"" = ""I have some Italian blood in me"" I have some Italian blood in me and I face palmed hard on this"
"Straight male here; am more attracted to Chris Pratt now than when he was fat. ""Being skinnier/more muscular does not equal more attractive"" Um, ya it does."
r/BellaThorne I love whites
"*Looks at shelf, 10 Palladium Rifts books* Shit. I play so many, but... D&amp;D 5e is all r/DnDGreentext, nothing else. Those aren't edgelords being funny, that's _how_ _the_ _game_ _is_ _meant_ _to_ _be_ _played._ WoD/nWoD are the domain of cringey drama types who hide utter munchkinism beneath a veneer of wangst. Every copy of a Palladium book comes with a free prescription to Ritalin and an account on r9k. Owning more than one places you firmly on the autism spectrum. GURPS 4e is available as an addon for Microsoft Excel because you need to be a CPA to really play it. D&amp;D 4e should have been called Chainmail: Revised. Call of Cthulhu players are joyless masochists. The only way to enjoy a session is to not be there for it. And, finally.. TWERPS is the simplest and funniest system to ever have been conceived, let alone published, and any so-called 'gamer' who doesn't own a physical copy should cry themselves to sleep every night for failing themselves and humanity as a species."
Needs more managers. Every single project meeting as an engineer
"I wouldn't be surprised if they got invited. Trixi of 4ASC: ""We are aiming for TI5"" (6:10, English, contains spoilers from DreamLeague)"
"fine as in acceptable, not fine as in in awesome No, it's not fine. It never is. It's needed, but not fine. Of course, I would kill him. I would feel like shit afterwards. If you enjoy killing someone, whoever they are, that is a goddamn slippery slope. You'll find a reason next time."
"""floating"" ""Utopia"""
"uhhhhh legal weed starts un January bro You made a choice to not oppose trump. You aren't magically unaffected by him. The French live in another country, so they didn't vote for him. You did by inaction because you live here and did nothing to stop him."
"Being humble, because I'm the greatest. What is something you enjoy doing, yet completely suck at?"
"Dupe. Harper gave Jack Layton advice during '08 election, says author Bruce Carson"
"You absolutely have to do something with an eel that we wouldn't believe... Fellow Frasierphiles, I need your help Hi guys. I love you all. So I do this little cooking show called ""Binging with Babish"", where I recreate the foods from movies/TV. This week, it's an honor to announce that I'll finally be focusing on the many foods of Frasier, with a special episode featuring multiple recipes from our eponymous hero. I need your help remembering as many food items as possible from the series - the more specific they were about what went into the dish/how it was made, the better (eg, the *Crispy Duck* served at Degas is too ambiguous to recreate - Frasier's cornish game hens with signature pomegrante-honey sauce, however, is perfect). Plot-centric or main-character-referencing dishes are also preferable. Here's the dishes I have short-listed so far: -Cherries Jubilee -Sherry's Mock Apple Pie -Martin's BBQ-pudding-chips -Frasier's Signature Pomegranate Sauce w/ Cornish Game Hens"
i need a gif of when she collapsed and the secret service threw her limp body into the limo like a fucking meat sack The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession
"No, it's still nostalgia even if it's nostalgia from this generation. For the future?"
"Which wars did it stop? A ""joke"" that has stopped countless wars from happening and saved many millions of lives in the past seven decades."
And seeing individuals too I think this is referencing echolocation used by some blind individuals.
"Yes but...don't you have the sensation that Sugilite's personality is more similar to Amethyst's than Garnet's and Sardonyx's personality is more similar to Pearl's? Sardonyx is pretty okay though. She was controlled, and cheeky at worst."
Shhh.... I love how meta that is. No-one in a future generation will understand what the heck you're on about
This thread proves otherwise? It's nothing different than mobile Butthole master race!!!
"Came back, nvm Crap... Jose in the locker room"
"Notice how this voice didn't actually tell her where her real self would end up. Science behind divine interaction? Okay so my TBM mother is very well educated on church history and has a college degree in some kind of religious studies. Now she recognizes some inconsistencies and has voiced them to me from time to time. However, these don't effect her faith because, and I quote: She heard the voice of god while in a very dark time after a divorce. The story is, after my mom divorced, she was 'crying out' to god asking why it happened. And God said ""Your children would never have known the real you"". See my father was not Mormon and liked to repress my mother's religious practices. So my mother believes that without the divorce I would never have know her 'true self'. Okay so my question is, does anyone have sources I could read about hearing voices like this? My mother only heard 'god's' voice once. But it was during a time of serious trauma, so I'm sure it was only in her head. However, this experience alone holds her faith together. So I would like to get prepared with a scientific explanation of her divine experience for the next time she tells me this story. I want to try to gently coax her into some research."
***KNOW DAT*** Know dat
"Throttle, is that you? ??? - ???"
mega man 2 and 3 metroid mario 2 zelda 1 and 2 Games to reccomend on a 36 buck budget I already have contra super mario bros and super mario bros 3
"Honestly I can help you change your mind about earth spirit if you want to play some pubs tomorrow, my winrate with him is still considerable even after the nerfs (I play him in the 4 spot) * If you don't provide me with a rune ward (or in the rare cases, a courier), you don't deserve any fucking ganks. I'm not risking my own ass in darkness because you're too selfish to spend 150 gold at the start of the game. * Battlefury PA is shit and I wish people would stop. Fucking. Doing. It. * I'm inwardly irritated whenever I see Earth Spirit picked on my team because I'm yet to see anyone play him particularly well."
:) still cute today! looking good sir!
"I thought you were going to give one of those really good ELI5s that a 5 year old can understand about the closure of complex numbers where one mouse is the reals and the other one is the imaginary numbers or some crazy thing like that when I read the first line. ""Two mice fell into a bucket of cream. Which one am I?"" Sorry to be completely off topic, but I just noticed your username. That is possibly one of my favorite movies. :)"
"This person has never met a toddler. What if you keep trying to get your kid to bed and they keep screaming back at you ""NO!""?"
"It looks cool, but lol scams. Purple Power Abaddon"
"Another interesting thing is that those first two youtube links are the same URL and lead to a private video This is the message Sargon's wife received on Facebook from a ""concerned"" stranger. Have you ever been so mad that you tried to break up someone's family because they don't support feminism?"
"I feel like a jerk this week, cuz I've always had severe dislike for him. Right now, definitely Robin Williams."
This was asked yesterday and you got a shitty response then too Was george carlin evil?
Malik the freak! Pass Rusher Profile: Malik Jackson
"Ahh, I see. That would be so OP. It would suck. Although I do like weather teams. The Regis are allowed in competitive. Mostly they're NUs though, Registeel is UU just because steel type."
"Synechdoche, NY Mood Indigo Confessions of a Dangerous Mind American Splendor Adaptation Her 11/10 movies like these ?! 1. Eternal sunshine of the spotless mind 2. Punch-drunk love 3. Being john malcovich 4. The science of sleep"
"He tore one getting in, and the other after refusing help to the back He tripped getting in and tore both quads"
"I fell asleep during the episode.. Is it me or this show losing its edge and succumbing to baddie of the week syndrome? Discussing flash's Speed in the new episodes So I want to know how the hell The Rival is even close to a challenge for Flash, after being able to out-speed Zoom without a problem. It should of been more like Zoom's first fight with the flash, where he totally demolished him."
"How long does he keep his rookie contract for? Panarin reminds me of Ovi... Just so much enthusiasm for the game and it's just such a joy to watch. I really, REALLY, hope that Stan figures out a way to keep him on the team long term."
"What is intersexual, pansexual and demisexual? Don't apologise, non-assholey questions aren't offensive. Lesbian Gay Bisexual/Biromantic Transgender Queer Asexual/Aromantic Intersex Pansexual/Panromantic Demisexual/Demiromantic. The + means everything else."
Wow he actually looks a lot like Kevin Costner there. Saw this awesome painting on my run this weekend.
"Because if you watch him for a whole game, you'd see that he does plenty of other things with the ball, too. the thing I don't get about him is how it isn't easy to defend him. He does the ""streak in down the right then take a few steps right and let it fly from outside the box"" every single time"
Does no one ever use a compass? How to unlock Skull Kid?
"Probably a stupid question but how do we know they did this and aren't just lying? Russia to destroy all of its chemical weapons by end of 2017 - ""As a signatory of the international Chemical Weapons Convention, Russia already has destroyed about 93 percent of its chemical weapons"""
lets see : -every protagonist ever People love Brown haired 30 something male protagonists Lets name a few
"you just made a pretty big assumption also, it's tough for me to recall the last public decapitation that happened in America Bullshit oversimplification. They're human beings with an unhealthy mindset. You can oversimplify if you want to incite tribalism and run off to an endless war, but the truth is that they're a product of their environment. If you were born in their situation with their brain, you'd be doing the same thing right now. Is that not enough to realize their flawed logic based on ""faith"" is no different than what we have in America? No religious person can possibly argue against Muslims while simultaneously having faith in a god that *creates* morality. They believe their morals are supreme based on faith. Devalue faith before demonizing humans. Fuck religion. All ideologies deserve *full* scrutiny and *no* inherent respect."
"Thank you, OP, for linking to the tumblr that seems to have a glimmer of sanity at the bottom of the commentary. ""Dangerous Perceptions"" according to tumblr."
That idea is so terrible it just might work! I might try to merge them together rather than cancelling. In which case I'd be bringing a date to meet all you assholes. Maybe this is a terrible idea.
Every day since the day I was born I've been slowly moving through time. I've discovered that there are r/conspiracy users who have the power to tell the future. Are there people here with other powers?
"Wait... if you use this on a certain queen spider, wouldn't her death rattle still be for the full statted version? That assuming your Maly is going to live which is the problem, I don't think this minion can be used on a Maly but more like on an Auctioneer or deathrattle minions, the new Rogue Legendary is insane with this, and Tomb Pillager is great as well both on curve!"
"What about Hajime X Natsumi? Komaeda and Chiaki suck, Hajime x OJ is the only good ship."
"Wow, so non-judgemental. ""I'm into intersectional feminism..."""
"Seriously, I was hoping cockpit view would be like it is in FM5 even though legs don't do anything. Well, youre now pressing your face against the steering wheel like FM3 again in cockpit view. Ahh the memories. I'm guessing its so they wouldnt have to give you actual legs that did nothing. Just a small pet peeve of mine that if anyone played Project Gotham Racing 4, they nailed it and your legs did the actual tasks like pressing the brake and gas. But other than that the game is gorgeous, the mechanics are similar to FM5, and it feels great. And the season car pass looks affordable at $25 (even though its only 5 cars a month). Can't wait to pick up my copy on the 30th."
"My pants repercussions: pee What was the last thing you dropped, and the repercussions? Could be something small like your keys on the ground, but as you bent over you knocked you head on the counter, or, you fumbled and dropped your phone, accidentally kicked it, and sent it down the steps. I usually try to ninja-grab everything I drop, but occasionally hit it and send it farther than it would have gone otherwise."
"not to mention differing views of what happens after death LITERALLY IN THE SAME BOOK No, the misconception is that they know anything about their religion. It's way too complicated, with conflicting views, too many gods to remember, and people claiming that different manifestations of gods are inferior to the same gods' different personality. At least, that's what I picked up from Reddit."
"What does that make Clinton? President Obama opened up a new attack on Donald Trump Tuesday, saying in a radio interview that the presumptive GOP nominee is ""hardly"" the representative for ""working-class people"" he thinks he is."
"I've been tempted to read Proust, but know it would take me forever. **In Search of Lost Time"" took me 7 months and it was totally worth it."
"I'm genuinely disappointed not to find a link to the list here in the comments. Massive ISIS intelligence leak reveals data on 22,000 foreign fighters"
Give it a lick. Glad I am not the only one who was thinking of this song...
"As a mostly law-abiding cyclist, I make a lot of Pittsburgh lefts because I can inch pretty far into the intersection before the light turns and generally be out of it by the time cars start moving. As a poor (but law-abiding!) cyclist, the Pittsburgh left makes what is already a dicey proposition (turning left) into something resembling Russian roulette."
But now you can feel things. And yet still no unlike button.
Clinton? Who dat?
"They only refer to two of the 13 parties as racist. I guess all those people are racists, isn't that right, the guardian?"
"The years of the peace loving Kingdom of Prussia. You fool, 90% of Germans immigrated to the USA decades before WW1 began."
"Most likely, post had @everyone or @all tag in it, but was edited after that How did this server highlight their post in orange?"
Those hour and a half long nursery rhymes are a godsend As a dad with a sick and grumpy teething baby....
I won't forget the chapter prediction about Askin or Tellin Nakk La Varr. Bad Joke Eel - Bleach Edition (spoilers)
Perfect! Gentle squeeze
"Maybe they're implying secondary infections? Man, if they did the eyes right, it would be perfect. Eyes don't turn green when you die - they lose pigment entirely."
"Given how shit their first pass at LMS that's ""beta test ready"" is, it's pretty clear two months isn't enough time The Dev Blog for Last Man Standing came out on May 20th. The Beta has finally come out halfway through July. Are you certain that Stealing Creation would take more than almost two months while already having a model to go off of?"
"If it wasn't clear from the comments, there's only love. always gotta be stirring the pot........."
"Doesn't look like a souvenir you buy, even in a Middle Eastern gift shop. And where can I buy one of these?"
"Pretty much any local pizza place will do pasta toppings, although the specifics will depend on what they have on hand I went to NYC some time ago and we got a pizza from some random joint that had pasta as a topping. We got a half lasagna and half penne vodka pizza. I don't remember the name, but can you list me a bunch of places that do this? Also, you guys really like your grimaldi's pizza eh?"
"So excited, can't wait :) current ETA 30th Aug, might get pushed back a week if we've got too many videos that need to go out"
"THANKS MIKE HARRIS. How did Cintra get a 99 year lease of the 407? Same thing, corruption."
Honey Boo Boo? Whoever tastes the worst.
You misspelled Jesus Dogs have a great sense of danger. Evolution made that a priority.
You picked a great game to shoot. A behind the scenes look at shooting a college basketball game (at Kentucky)
"Nvidia GimpWorks^TM The way you're meant to be played! Thanks, NVIDIA."
And throw 'em in? Better pick those towels up
The infamous kushover Nope. I must say I feel like that gave me like a high hangover. I'm very tired and my head kinda hurts haha other than that everything was fine
"you're right no johns unless you're a nice guy That's because everybody likes Mango and M2K. If Leffen wants to keep the love to hate him schtick going, nobody should expect people to be on his side when he has a shitty day."
They were probably sitting at the table and decided between them that it would get them both some extra publicity. Trump Betrayal of Ann Coulter Timed Perfectly to Release of Ann Coulter Book About Always Trusting Trump
"So, it'll be either or? A change in component supplier has no bearing on that."
Your previous comment didn't seem to indicate you actually hold that belief. Good for you mate. Everyone enjoys different things and has different ways of giving their life meaning.
\*metaphorically kicks you* yes
"TIL my crotch is seattle ""How's the weather out in Seattle?"" ""Moist."""
Was that at intersection of Pennsylvania Ave by any chance? Baltimore homeless folk are interesting. I saw a guy in a wheelchair roll over to another homeless guy's stuff (who was apparently invading homeless guy #1's turf) pick it up and throw it as far as he could down and into the middle of the road (MLK Blvd for those familiar). They both then started cursing each other out.
"It's A Trap! This just raises further questions... Why would Iran bribe anyone for the women's championship??? I'm not saying they didn't, I just don't know why... No offense to women's chess, but ain't nobody watching that."
"Something he has in common with the Clinton team Ivana also claimed that the botched surgery is when Donald violently assualted her crying ""Your fucking doctor has ruined me"" and ripped out fistfuls of her hair before pinning her down and raping her. Donald's lawyers argued a spouse cannot be raped, in the divorce she accepted a settlement with a gag order. Donald plead the 5th 92 times in his divorce trial."
Appeal to authority is the fallacy you're looking for. After having a debate with my mother.
Miller is just cancer unless you have a dedicated tryhard squad to play with or you are willing to wait and hop factions for the defensive farms. Zergfit + Indar Bonus + Esamir Bonus = Logout or 4th Factioning
"deep hunter 2 94L53-XRC2A-LRPWT The Mystery 3 Bundle | Purchase all 10 games now for $0.99 | Price increases each day a game is revealed | Current line-up: Skyborn, Depth Hunter 2: Deep Dive, Depth Hunter 2: Ocean Mysteries DLC | 8/10 games redeem on Steam, the other 2 on Desura."
Boston terriers rule Good boy
Pretty sure that's him... I found Calum Chambers long lost brother
"You mean the ones that turned out to be total lies? It's like those ""I was gay but now I'm cured!"" stories."
"Sp this is an example of what NOT use use as a profile pic, then... Found a very convincing Littlefinger cosplay while browsing OkCupid."
"Lol that's almost evil We had not one, but **two guys break our league's decade long all time scoring records**. How the fuck does my opponent put up 156 against me in a 14 team league?! How the fuck does another guy have an optimal score of 192?! **What the fuck is this week?!** I need Terrance Williams to put up 30 points for me to win. Goddammit I should be able to win in a 14 team league with a score of 120. This is outrageous. I'm dropping from 2nd to 5th after a W6 streak."
My most upvoted comment is about a pair of jeans. How did you manage to get 374 upvotes for that comment.
This doesn't look great Watch Spectacular New X-Men: Apocalypse Trailer
"But if the person then says ""aha, you're disagreeing because you're so sensitive, this proves my point"", that *is* a kafkatrap Not actual kafkatrap. You can disagree without being offended."
I hope their dental service is better than Cloud9 is at CS Dental place near my house uses Cloud9's logo with slight change.
Should have told her sorry i have that effect on people. Probably the smoothest thing I've ever done in my life.
"Name checks out I'm just going to assume that you're some sort of psychotic grizzly bear man living in the woods with a jury-rigged internet solution and an old 1990s laptop who kidnapped a woman and her son, then forcibly married her, forcing her son to farm gold in order to fuel your opium addiction. Please reach out to us, the community can help you overcome the darkness in your life."
"true but when it s happen to me i get kick, when its happen to olof its a bug.... ikr I'm silver 1 because of this glitch. I should be a GE or playing on a pro team"
"Decorum like making fun of a handicapped reporter or a POW? I actually think that's true. Not that Trump should care, or probably does...but the statements the guy made WERE rude, were not in keeping with diplomatic decorum, and WAY WAY above his paygrade as a mayor."
"Brilliant If rewarding people who don't work is a problem, then capitalism is waaay more problematic than the welfare state."
"Well, gorhill's ""fork"" is still pretty legit (for chrome at least). We call it: ""How to kill a project"" :("
Wow that was quick Nice.
EA won't be getting my $60 again with BF5. Like that time when nobody bought into the stupid Call of Duty shit? Battlefield 5 will sell regardless of the mess that is BF4 and so will almost every other EA game.
"Surely, especially considering you only need three kingdom titles to form an empire! If they didn't call the person who sits the iron throne ""emperor"" after becoming King over seven other effective kings, uniting all that territory must SURELY demand an imperial title-- right!?"
Why didn't I get this :( haven't got a single draft token so far.. You get it if you got the standard edition. One a week for 5 weeks
I give up. It's likely those strippers are happy that they're finally desired for their brains.
Not AAA ones.... They have the most exclusives.
"Nothing of The Establishment was blocked out, just Joy's stuff. Why did op block out the ""establishments"" twitter thing, you can see what it is in the first tweer"
"""Glory be to the father, the son, and the holy Chip Kelly"" Tim Tebow reaches agreement with Eagles"
I dont know what that is..? Like in Bojack Horseman?
"On the bright side, either a win or a loss would be a first for the Scots. well. thats one way to jinx it."
"It was just a weird theory I had once, if I had to guess he's 5-8 He doesn't look very...4."
"As soon as I saw Liquid with 68% I was like ""lol ez skins"" as soon as i saw the vetos i was like fuck i lost"
Springlock Execution. Judging. Jurying. Executing.
"I don't take anything from IslamQA, I can't trust their scholarship on anything. Will you take naseehah from IslamQA in regards to Pokemon?"
:) I blame literally everything on Bargnani... or the Bargnani deal
"""I wasn't even trying"" Yeah I used to say that at the playground when I was little too.... when I lost Jon Jones says he wasn't a 100% in his last fight"
"That's what you get for going around, looking all *employed* and shit... I dont know her, this is a public bus."
I want to see the gymnastics it takes to mount this beast. I want to put a snow shovel on the lower seat post and plow bike paths...
"Go Colonels! EKU Soccer loses in OVC Championship 1-0 to SIUE, finishes record-breaking season with a 13-5-1 record and a share of the regular season title."
"I might need to collect an imgur album for that show now, actually. I mean ... aside from that :/ And after I tried so hard to forget."
"Agreed. Me too, you're welcome, now let's concentrate on how to further support the Iraqi people from home; we owe it to them."
"2brave ""Brave Teens Went Phone-Free For 3 Whole Days And Miraculously Survived"""
"I'll probably just binge the last few seasons of Oz......but Sunday I will definitely be watching The Night Of.....I feel worthless now.....meh whatevs. Since Tuesday is going by extremely slowly, what are you all up to this weekend? Personally, I'm continuing to explore my new home, with my sister and GF since they're both visiting! I'm excited!"
"According to that verse so should the majority of politicians for the last hundred years. Well I had a haircut today, so according to the Bible, I should die [Lev. 19:27.]"
I feel sooo uncomfortable for you. I knew this guy from school. I was 14 and he was 18.
"DoTs are usually seen as an unfun mechanic. Up his damage, give him a bleed. There are definitely other ways to fix the difficulty in hitting with his arrows. I wasn't suggesting making him worse for the sake of making him worse. We just don't know (as players) what he would be like without the large arrow hitbox. It would be a learning experience for us (as players) and for the Devs as well."
Having my thoughts stolen by people in the street. What is your most irrational fear and why?
"We just call him Tom, but he's actually in charge of writing all our contracts. Based on the Bloopers, does that mean Thomas Jefferson is also an athletic trainer?!"
"I tried using Waterfox, but it was a memory hog and I switched back to Pale Moon. Pale Moon? Why not just use Waterfox like the rest of the normal X64 people? Everything that works for Firefox, works for Waterfox."
"Someone is jealous. I don't need to wash it as often as someone with a soup trap, thankfully."
"1920's to 1940's, judging by the frame. Forgive the potato quality. I went to an auction today and no one bid on this mirror so I took it for $10.00 it has wear, it shows age and it is not in great shape but it sure has a creepy vibe and I dig it. Is anyone here good at dating pieces by the mirror glass?"
"The main difference seems to me that this pope is more accepting of people who believe differently than his predecessors, and many other religious leaders. That's actually what almost everyone preaches, irrespective of belief system, religion or lack thereof. It comes down to people differing on what makes better human beings, the intentions are good all around."
"Are they trophies or bred? Shiny Scizor or Shiny Poliwrath Shiny Swablu, Shiny Cyndaquil or Shiny Slowpoke. Will consider other shiny offers! Either send me a PM or leave a comment."
"We have a very clear wage cap and its not to be broken maybe moreso now, but a few years ago not true at all. Also, I think there's still a bit of a budget, Wenger cant drop 100mil on transfers plus wages like united did last summer"
"honestly, as long as i get 30fps locked, i'm fine Hmmm... It's a mid tower, so I wouldn't worry too much. But I would have waited a little bit and spent $100 more on the 1070. 960 might be outdated pretty soon."
You try punching a 335 pound man. I'd put my money on the sumo abilities of Taft
He's got the TTGL art style perfected. Peridot with Kamina's glasses
"Previously in the debate? You're correct that it doesn't show his answer to the question in this clip. He did answer the question after this short exchange, however. He simply wanted to begin by responding to something that had been said about him previously."
"Yeah but you know how it goes; there are plenty of dodge people willing to steal if the opportunity presented itself. I saw this too... I don't think anyone could bring themselves to even try these emails.... If it were true that these were legit, than bitcoins name would be forever tarnished..... Luckily they're fake."
No-tea-ing I can't begin to figure out how to pronounce that...
"They ran out of cigarettes at every store she went to. nah, i hope they give her a sob backstory."
"Yup, that one that dies to shadow flame was totally ignored yep, just ignore that sludge that comes out..."
"They're the Leonardo dicaprio of the footballing world. City players don't got nominated for half the stuff they deserve to, and they win even less. I've just accepted it now, it's never going to change."
Yes you have to buy them if you want to advance... No need to buy tracks and cars. ...
"I don't believe maryjane kills cancer, but I do believe it has an effect on pain. Elizabeth Warren asks CDC to consider legal marijuana as alternative painkiller"
Hes going to be very familiar with our Cox. Who else can't wait to see Dak Prescott introduced to Big Cox and the Gang?
"Gotta love how the other women were not charged because of ""lack of evidence."" Sperm harvesters on the loose"
"Yeah, I joke, but I never mind picking them up to be honest, electronics are a real pain to get at 30. Perf mods make great Electronics for crafting."
"Good god that is greasy, mines is never that greasy. We ask PaPa to bless this meal, &amp; ""UP YOUR GAME""; praise PaPa, &amp; rip to the Big Tipper.. Amen!"
"Because those effects would likely happen long after youve already passed your genes on. ELI5: if humans have been smoking for thousands of years, granted that Europeans only picked up the habit a few hundred years ago, why haven't we evolved any immunity to the negative effects of it? This is most likely a stupid question, but some cultures have been smoking tobacco for millenia (I think). Have they evolved any resistance to it?"
"ITT: everyone mindlessly spouts ""correlation != causation"" because they didn't read the article and realize that the study's authors controlled for other variables. Read the article in full before talking about your alternative explanations. Their conclusion was that Starbucks *itself* led to appreciating home values, regardless of going trends, and it makes sense. You see a Starbucks, you get the sense that you're somewhere ""nice."""
"I'm pretty sure the DEA goes after drug traffickers, not the FBI. The FBI only put this murderer on the most wanted list because they are black"
"Pistol sniping What are we going to complain about once they fix hit reg? They have fixed anti cheat, teamkilling, operator balance, map glitches, and up next is hit registration. What are we going to constantly complain about next?"
"Think about how bad Twitch would smell. I'm a gay furry, tie between twitch and rengar"
"You know some old looking 12 year olds I was going to say something similar, but you look twelve so I didn't."
"Well...I am white, so I definitely have white privilege, so it goes without saying that I probably also have ALL the privileges (even the ones I don't have). It doesn't trigger you? Sounds like you've got some white privilege going on."
"Hey, the US is a superpower too, you know. The ""*two* superpowers"" lol wtf."
"What is it Atk is awesome, Natalie Monroe is the bees knees."
"You got it, I'm in. upvoted! looking for a canes fan for a bet myself!"
"Occupy Storm Hype! and the 55,000 people without power, the hundreds that still remain without power, the busted and uprooted trees. We were never supposed to get anything nearly as powerful as the East Coast of the US. It wasn't hype either, the storm took an slightly unpredicted path, going through Michigan and skipping us. We're actually still seeing remnants of Sandy, as expected and reported, notice the rain isn't stopping? No one predicted a catastrophe for us here, it certainly is as predicted in the US though. So if it hadn't taken the turn it had, we would've seen a lot more damage, thus the ""hype"" you speak of."
"The weekly strikes I did do had some lvl 26+ people in who i revived more than they revived me, as long as I can keep alive i have no worries. 24 is a rad to low I afraid :( I tried it at 25 and it was too hard... Try living a bit more :)"
"Just because it's her first period doesn't necessarily exclude first miscarriage :/ However, I agree that a clot would be more likely. Apparently it's the person first period, tho, so I don't think it's miscarriage. Perhaps a big clot?"
Why did I just watch that? Weirdest boner ever...
"For sure what they have is better than nothing, but it's still important that the situation is talked about and improved further. Right, but if the customers weren't there, they'd go hungry all the same. At least there's a choice. Not saying it's a nice situation, but I don't see how the alternative would be much better."
Is the grey coarse weave underneath part of the protection of the pants are are you wearing chainmail underwear? Always make sure your tools are in good working order. First saw cut of the day. OC
this is why we cant have nice things. Tried opening a g2a chest. Whatever earTh 2150: the moon project: YQ3PL-NJ9IA-PIQ.H septeRra core: 6.0AZ-K8PYE-9BHZW eaRth 2160: 72FZ2-LZ86N-BX.VZ world wAr III: black gold: CDJMT-0FLAH-.VKPL Two worlds II: velvet edition:G0C98-Q8H.4-CDCPK
"That is first degree felony hurt-speech dispatch; ""911 what is your emergency"" caller; ""i told my roommate to put the toilet lid down and he he he called me retarded vaginal.... and it really really hurt"" dispatch; ""sir we will be right there do you need medical attention?"""
Have a girl in my class who loves stock Android but is poor so she opted for an android one phone. I'd honestly kill to date a girl who likes Android (As long as its not Samsung)
Reminds me of Thermite's Orbit headgear. Who is the middle headgear in this Season Pass promo?
It happens in MGE My hat was on backwards.
He ruined Britain's chance at a Republic He destroyed our ancient monastries too.
"Yeah, sometimes we're dicks... Be a panda bear, don't care."
"Nah, we were 2 or 3 mid &amp; have the others to get big from the scrubs. So you were one of those famous ""5midtofuckwithtestie"" guys?"
"shes kind of like an ap master yi, can be assassin fighter or tank so is diana an assassin or no?"
LMG is debatable but I agree 100% Only thing that should be banned is fast hands and lmg
fan made* Poster for the new season
So you're saying there's a chance. I'm a lesbian and if this happens I'm switching teams.
"I'VE BEEN DOUBLE-JOAJED. It's truly ending... I am going to miss the show... But we can always dream, right? And write fanfiction. A LOT of fanfiction. [if you expected a joaje here, then shame on you.](#spoiler)"
AI piloted ships tried to start war with Xi'An Thanks. Is there a dispatch on the site where I can read up more?
"The article says it best: The idea that a company should be able to drill and potentially cause problems that it can't afford to fix should register as patently ridiculous. GOP opposes oil liability legislation not b/c its retroactive: ""Too high of a cap would keep smaller, 'independent' oil companies from entering the marketplace."""
"Ok cat, you can have my chair now. If you died right this second, what would have been your last words?"
"It's almost as if... Reddit contains multiple people with multiple viewpoints. Reddit: ""Let's take a stand against bullying and cruelty. Wait, hold on a sec... DAMN lol look at this fat fuck's CANKLES! What a fucking FREAK! Lol doesn't this remind you of the Simpsons?"""
But the CSM we need. Not the CSM we deserve
"Please, try not to be too hypocritical. I just don't know why you keep talking? That comment has nothing to do with the original post. It sounds like you just like to keep arguing."
As a Chargers fan I thought a touchdown from Melvin Gordon last year was realistic too. A passing touchdown is realistic.
"Nay, that is but a clever ruse developed by the Dome to kill our one true messiah. The Phoenix is the combination of bird and fire. If Pidgeot and flareon unite as one they can serve the helix as and unleash their true potential!"
Close enough. In 10 years
Lets ride the rainbow dragon together I'm here for heroin
Are you people real? Fallacy fallacy: Just because someone committed a fallacy during an argument doesn't mean they're wrong.
"I'm not trying to defend Gibbons, it's just that what you were saying is not true and really exaggerated what actually happened. I really shouldn't comment while drinking. It's a pretty dumb comment now that I look at it again."
"would that make Opie Tico Torres? Ant was the lead singer, like Jon from Bon jovi. Maybe the curly headed faggot got everyone together, but in the end you don't have success without Jon. Jim is Richie whos an intergal part but the band goes on without Richie and especially without the curly headed faggot."
"You do realise: ""Not a good deal"" is not equal to ""punishment"". Funny that, I think many other Euro sceptic countries would actually see a UK damaged by the EU as MORE reason to leave. The human spirit doesn't like to see someone kicked when down, and also by doing so it would just prove the ""true face"" of the EU."
"I AM BROSEIDON, LORD OF THE BROCEAN! ""I'm OP?Your mom is OP""-a missing guy named Brolaf,anyone knows where is he?"
"No chance of overtaking the bus when it was stopped? I was stuck behind a school bus once on a long straight road in Connecticut. There were no side roads, just a river on one side, and hills behind the houses. It went on for miles. The bus driver stopped at *every. damned. kid's. house.* and waited for them to close the front door before he pulled in the little stop sign and started moving again. That 4 mile drive took an hour. I couldn't even pull over and shut off the engine because there was no room. A little part of me died that day."
"Jones has been looking boom or bust, not saying he should be dropped, but really his stat lines are probably back to being sketchy I would say no. We haven't seen what Cruz can do post injury and Jones has been looking good."
Pro play and shield buff. I've been fairly absent from league for some months. Since when did Crapgot become FoTM?
What's your occupation ? Thanks! I think about fear a lot because part of my job is helping people with it.
Not to diss Indiana because they gave us a run for our money but your defense is a *litttttttle* bit better than theirs. If Rudock plays anything like he did last week you should be alright. Hopefully our D Line can keep him from getting in too much of a rhythm though.
"I think if you look where she was shooting afterwards, the ball may have left her field of vision, and she probably assumed it missed her. I have wondered something. Often, i'll see a projectile come towards me in a shooter game and in a blind panic i'll actually run into it while attempting to dodge. Now something about driving is always ""look where you want to go, because your body naturally moves you to where you look."" So basically, don't look directly at oncoming vehicles unless you're in full control and know you won't drift towards it. Perhaps it's the same with video games? It seemed an awful lot like Pharah could of dodged that."
yes Are you -bryze's mum?
you've asked for it! This question only gets asked so people can downvote the obvious answer Religion.
"3am, hasn't happen yet :p. I had several around midnight already though :). When was the last time you had a customer call at 3am because of an emotionally exhausting pool issue?"
"For phans only Thank you, Mr. Hooooood"
"record a video of you dabbing it, please OP, FOR THE CHILDREN Today we made 94% pure THC shatter"
"Sounds terrible, what an odd mix. Blood fudge not setting Tried to make a fudge today * 1kg sweetened condensed milk * 1kg blood (was slightly coagulated so I blended it) * 500g sugar * 250g butter Heated it on a pan, it started to burn on the sides and get black, checked the temperature and it was over 100 degrees, so I thought it would be OK and took it off the heat, but it never fully solidified. It's still edible and tastes good. Any advice? Thanks"
the 24-105L Canon Lens shot at F/9 at ISO100 at 1/60th of a second. What were your settings and lens?
UMD? Today in the college library bathroom
Lennay Kekua 5 DAYS UNTIL KICKOFF! WHO IS THE BEST PLAYER ON YOUR TEAM TO WEAR THE NUMBER 5?!?!?! YEAH!!!!
Holy fuck thats impressive Funny Goal: Ronaldo at his best
I'm sure the IRS would like to have a few words with her. Girl in my hometown taking advantage of having a PokeStop by her home
Alan Wake First it got hugely hyped then only released on console and when it finally came out for PC ist had a lame story and aweful controls. What game really pissed you off and why?
"But what if someone had confused it with Division 2 ball! technically, I agree with you. Realistically, not so much."
this Guy J album is fucking great I've officially moved to Japan! I'm quite scared about the music scene here.
"Thanks, although it looks like we ride the down boat for not being complete fucktards today :) Well said."
Whoa! what if Bob Kelso is the Kelso from that 70's show?
THOSE DAMN ONSERVATIVES AND THEN ONSERVATIVES WILL BE BANNED BY DEMONRATS
"It's not thermal throttling. It appears I may have been wrong, my memory has failed me, sorry! The thermal throttling is still terrible though, and I think the fans on these are horrendously loud/annoying."
It would also be awfully boring. I'd rather not. The mystique is important.
I'm uncomfortable... Just girly things
"Not exactly the Constitution, It's probably the law that put ""In God We Trust"" on money... I forget, where did the Constitution say this was a Christian nation?"
"Really doesn't sound overly complex. I believe it would be considered a rule? It would basically be building a class, skills, leveling system from the ground up."
"We're all fucked up, some just hide it better Don't judge a book by its cover. My business partner Is this guy ... BUT if only you knew what goes on his head as I do! He's a vermillion sigma who has panic attacks from time to time due to some childhood baggage. Most people never see them and if you didn't, you'd see him as a 30yo 95kgs, 6'3"" super fit good looking guy who's got his shit together. In some ways he does, in others he doesn't, but he's often the 'default AMOG' as no one else *feels* up to the standard he *looks* like! Great guy, but *much more complex* than meets the eye or seems to be, at first."
"Yup, we use the Metabones on our Sony HD video cameras to fit whatever glass we have, so far they've been great. Yup. They're focal reducers. Metabones' products are noteworthy because of their build quality and the precision of their tolerances."
"Exactly, cardboard is not comparable, gear VR is nice but still lacking, truly VR is only experienced with the desktop headsets, after watching the tech demo of this headset I'm not all that impressed Let me stick my phone into this shitty little mask thing. Ah, finally, virtual reality. No."
it would looks quite nice. No I'm a fan but who really cares if there's a banner.
"I thought Carvalho was very good as well, actually let down by the immaturity of Sanchez and a few others. I know his release clause is ridiculous but Joao Mario looked great today for Portugal."
"No :( I'm really hoping you meant 5'7"" and 160, or 6'7"" 260....."
You're forgetting Jeff Fisher is the coach...Rams will go 7-9 every season I just want to see LA Rams support this team if they go 2-14 back to back seasons
"Hell Gary Johnson probably aligns better with progressives at this point than Trump or hillary... I believe both have. Jill stein fall more in line with progressive beliefs. Im not an expert, I just did a breif bit of research before dropping the dnc for the green party"
"Everyone stop telling me to ""come on down to my state because blah blah blah blah fuckin fuck..."" Saw this cutie pie on the side of the highway this morning"
Proud of these guys Iranian students win 3rd place at FISU World University Chess Championship (Photos)
Same... I always thought it was 'heavens to Betsy'
"That title is damn fire I'm not a morning person, I'm not a night person, but I sure as hell ain't a high noon person!"
This made my day. Scape Cosplayers Illustrated
"Someone please send them a copy of The Thing Frankenvirus Emerges From Siberia's Frozen Wasteland: ""Scientists said they will reanimate a 30,000-year-old giant virus unearthed in the frozen wastelands of Siberia, and warned climate change may awaken dangerous microscopic pathogens."""
"Worst argument ever, thanks for my daily cup of stupidity. not my problem."
"""I would have told everyone on Reddit how mad I was for like 2 weeks!"" sure you would"
Because I want people to see me when I'm ninjaing down to the ground. Emblems now show up on parachutes too
I wouldnt call every kill you got in a game crazy highlights I know how you guys enjoy ARURF so far. Here's some crazy gameplay Of this mode!
"If that's not possible, preferably seats for the same purpose of transit. If that's not possible, preferably seats for the same total time in transit."
"Fuck: Heisman Marry: You rip buse FMK: Me, buse, heisman"
"thats not what i'm saying at all luckily :) Well, they said it will be a high level reward, so, don't expect to get it at level 1 in any case."
"What's the order of your top three? I'd never heard about Morroblivion, probably because Oblivion is my least favorite entry in the series (well, except for Arena, I guess) so I never looked into modding it much. Good to know these guys have a solid track record, though!"
"Yep, no strings on this one, he's real. Pope Francis has denounced the global financial system, blasting the ""cult of money"" that he says is tyrannizing the poor and turning humans into expendable consumer goods: ""Money has to serve, not to rule!"""
So purrrrty The sunset on the west side of town tonight.
"The F-22 has been a bit of a disasters actually... Its having tons of problems. This sounds like a whole lot of work. A google search for ""F-22 is the best air superiority fighter"" alone had over 8000 results (no, sadly not over nine thousand). I think I will pass. I am so sorry."
"One of the many surprising things about GG is that they are prepared to sit down and watch an hour long video that tells them what they want to hear, but won't listen to a 3-4 minute video that may disagree with them to the end. ""she pops her head out the side of the video as if to say hi and mock us. they aren't trying to hide shit"" I'm dead. This is truly amazing. Also, while it might've not been obvious that this was Anita's couch to some (especially if you hadn't seen the pictures she'd posted or haven't watched song a day man videos), it's kind of obvious once the song ends."
"No I honestly think its a hicky , somebody's been biting ;) I've been looking at that picture (for quite some time) and is that a covered up tattoo on her right boob?"
Have you looked at the Braven line of wireless speakers? What is a good BT speaker comparable to the jambox mini but also waterproof?
"They're trying to soften the blow and start desensitizing cucks for when they find out all their heroes are chomos. New York Times Claims Pedophilia is a Disorder, Not a Crime"
#NAME? #NAME?
"Ahh yes Reddit, the place where edgy neckbeards down vote all comments not containing a pun or some stupid reference. Too bad he appears to have had a stroke, or he is kept drugged, likely on barbiturates."
what kind of 50 do you have? As one of the only people on here who owns a 125 4 stroke that isnt a grom: 1. Clutch in 2. Full throttle till you're near rev limiter 3. Drop the clutch 4. Enjoy a power wheelie Now if i could only figure out how to do a proper wheelie like I can on my 50 cc
"Of course they could if they throw a sucker punch via a submarine or something similar, but they would regret that pretty fast... As long as they can't fight the US military when they are in a stage of alert they gonna lose - and a war you can't win is not worth fighting (maybe if you're some lunatic who can't wait ti get to heaven or hell, but that's a different story). If Iran even *tried* to blow up a U.S. aircraft carrier, those fuckers would be buried in fire before they got the chance to regret their decision. This means nothing. They pose as much of a threat to the U.S. and their troops as North Korea... or a dense stone."
"Coconut extract or as a fat substitute coconut oil/abv to cook popcorn was insane, but hard to dose and smelled strongly Have you done the coconut oil version?"
"Personally I would have preferred him going to Buffalo, but guess money trumps all. Boo you for taking Babcock from us, btw."
"Tell me how Polish people were involved in capitalist colonialism. Indeed. Plus, isn't it mindboggingly stupid how those reactionaries are insisting on national borders and wave the national flag, considering that the very concept of the nation state was part of what Karl Polanyi called the ""Great Transformation"", i.e. the creation of the capitalist *market society*? The nationalists are so fractally wrong, it would take an essay to touch just on all of the major steps of their wrongness. * The onset of capitalism and the development of the modern nation state are inextricably linked historical events * The great transformation from agrarian society to the industrial capitalist society destroyed an incredible wealth of traditions, folklore and even entire languages * Capitalist colonialism caused migration; the reason there are any black and brown people living in the Western world, is because Western nations went there in the first place in search of cheap labour and resources * With the advent of transnational capitalism, the nation state is an obsolete concept * The only thing that could stand against global capitalism is global communism, i.e. worldwide democracy (never gonna happen, but it warrants mentioning) * Reactionary idiots wave the national flag, the very symbol of what triggered everything they don't like; but they are idiots and not able to connect the dots"
*Trailer Shit More like Trailer Swift
OP is most definitely a faggot. What is the most overused joke on Reddit?
She was always one of my favorites. Kelly Kelly
Gummy bears. When do you usually choose quantity over quality?
"all good fam happy new years haha Oh shit, my bad, I'm on mobile"
"he's not very much like Porzingis. But really, I think he's a poor man's Kristaps Porzingis and he won't amount to as much as Hield"
"The ""post hoc ergo propter hoc"" fallacy. Interesting, but it doesn't ""prove"" anything. Okay, there's a correlation between low income and religiosity. Does that mean religion makes you poor, or being poor makes you more likely to be religious? The top atheist countries are very wealthy, yes. They're also conveniently located on natural resources. I'm just sayin'."
"Agreed The rest of the names are good, but this one is definitely the most similar to op's name"
Never go camping Never go camping with anyone that can run faster than you that you're not willing to hurt.
"He was more accurate in the states Bernie wins in, or racks up large margins, but that's only because he overcalls almost every single race for Bernie More accurate than 538. He was the only one predicting a Michigan win, and he's been a lot closer in Bernie's blowout wins. He was also more accurate last night. He was way off in Arizona and Minnesota (overselling and underselling Sanders, respectively), but still closer than predictions based solely on polling."
"I agree, but at least she will cash out. So unfair to Holly Holm."
MH370? I've been thinking that maybe the devs plan to have the plane randomly crash or something like that and we can go looking for the wreckage.
"Just Instagram, but she may have deleted some over time, I save them as soon as they are posted though so I have all the stuffs. Where did this come from? I've seen some her bathtub posts but not this one."
"You cant put your dick in a woman if it's flailing around all over the place. Huh, neat."
"It's not *amazing* but it's definitely a step in the right direction Ah, how are you liking GTA 5 so far?"
"I'm calling you a liar. thank you, friend"
"Lets leave the whipping to backwards middle-eastern countries... Maybe instead of letting them rot in jail for years, we could just whip them for like half an hour or so. That would be less resource intensive."
"Because blaming ""the edit"" is the default excuse from underwhelming/under-performing queens. Wait... what? Why make that statement about editors? Milan gets shit because she said some majorly corny things on the show. And her looks were not that great in general."
"Israel only blocks it's border areas, just like the US does where Mexico and Canada are concerned. So Israel has the right to blockade and occupy Gaza and the West Bank, but they aren't part of Israel? Which is it?"
"By that logic, private unions are exactly the same and great, just like public unions. I did mention a positive. They demand more and more money and benifits, which is certainly a positive to its members. It's just a detriment to everyone else."
"Are you genuinely that dense that you think can destroy a religion with military power? Can we just get the Final Crusade over with. Seriously, we finally have the firepower to rid the planet of Islam. We won't be able to get rid of any others until it are wiped from this planet (the religion, not the people)."
In Thailand women often are not... Errr. Thailand?
Bro job What are some creative consequences for the loser of a bet (excluding money)?
Dub u dub u dub u dot World Wide Web is shorter and easier to pronounce than double-u double-u double-u
Americans ruined America! Americans ruining everything for everyone
"Right click on the part and you will get a little pop up bubble with an option to extend. I am sad to admit this but I cannot make ladders extend, help?"
"With ios 9 if you have auto brightness DISABLED you may see this pop up in your battery section, regardless of your current brightness it's simply recommending that you turn it on Otherwise the regular option should just be under brightness :) is this auto brightness feature new or i never seen it before In the battery section?"
Da My cousin do when i was 13 is pool sexy wear
Isn't that called a bull market? So my new trading strategy be should be go long whenever I'm not at a computer.
"turksmare white Alright. That's extremely weird. Do you consider Mongolians and Turks white, too? And do you not consider the Sami European, despite them having lived in Europe for 10000 years?"
"Looks good, you should post in the main sub. I drew a Rinkah"
"""WHAT YEAR IS IT!!!"" Jumanji"
"Yeah, works for Mr Burns' Steven Spielbergo from the Simpsons. Van Diesel?"
Zing! shes laughing so hard because we believed this would be a launch feature
"Not looking forward to $120 games and experiences though. When he says upwards of three digits, he is referring to the amount of software titles not the price."
There is no lack of space there if thats what you are asking. This is about 900 square miles if you plant them five feet apart.
"This mod is so good even though it can kill almost every PC. Use the MISERy mod with Call of Pripyat, your mind will be blown !"
List it in hardware swap you'll be fine. So much for giving back to the community then :p
This repost... This guy..
which is bullshit because I think I saw it on numerous top ten lists. No Nightcrawler for best picture either.
"Also, Mekanism pumps Ugh, I should have known. I searched for everything I could imagine in NEI, except the word ""pump"". Pretty stupid on my part, because if you asked me in real life how to get liquid out of a reservoir, I'd say ""use a pump."" Thanks!"
"Standards vary, my friend. 7/10 is a serious reach. 4 at best."
That's why i uninstalled it in the first place When I try to see a show/movie the loading dialog will pop up and never stop try to load. Any one else having this problem?
It's the best for use when describing weather. farenheit shouldnt be a thing.
Inb4 the number of degrees you could watch the video becomes the number of days before he comes back ayy
So m pe p E can't r. Ed iT I don't WJ y ze I see a problem wez tj.
"Lebanon* Lybian Judo Match Did anyone see the Libya Match? His opponent got hurt, and then when called to the middle, he got a red card and lost?? Can anyone explain? He could have easily won if he had continued fighting his injured opponent."
"I hope it isn't too intensive Or else we'd get paid online Cloud rendering. Nvidia and autodesk are leading in this field, and both envolved with the Switch"
Ketchup. What is the most unappetizing Pop Tart flavor you can think of? Make up a Pop Tart flavor that sounds like it could exist but would be disgusting. Please keep it SFW.
I'm Ethan Bradbury... [CAR CRASH] [IN THE HOOD] [GONE SEXUAL]
"Your point is good, but your overuse of question marks is obnoxious. So you're suggesting everyone adopts a million foxes, desex all of them and somehow make sure none of them escape as well as not kill anything in their home backyard???????????????????? You'd do well as a Greens politician."
It looks like the jpg has gone bad too Milk gone bad
Yeah it's a bitch to turn off. oh. I'm guessing it's the one where the phone keeps talking to you... ok
"Mice, they are everywhere and they are many. Besides humans, what zombie animal would be the scariest and why?"
"Filthy muggles One time, when I was about six, I was playing on a playground. Anyway, I went down this tube-slide thing (it was totally covered) and this little girl walked in front of it. Well, surprise surprise, I hit her. Her mother got super mad AT ME. And told me that I should pay more attention in the future. Bitch, I was on a slide."
You can get mechanical keyboards for far less than $200. This is my main keyboard and mouse since I can't justifying spending $200 on a mechanical one and a nicer mouse. Does the job fine for me!
A lot of things can go wrong over 15 years. You're willing to call under when he's only 22?
"Ya, the dude from Probot He's the drummer for Tenacious D."
"That's no issue with games like Forza where you can create any car livery you want (brands, companies, copryighted content). Because then they'd be... Actively participating in the production and use of copyrighted content... At least with the current set up they have some deniability..."
Early happy birthday! :D The album releases on my birthday
Fucking *in* your house. Not creepy when you catch people fuckin up in your house.
Otto looks blotto. Our pup Otto during his training session today!
"Eh, the Viral Spam on higher difficulties is annoying, but as long as there's a car or something they're not hard to deal with. Hopefully Viral Spam fix. But 1.5gb is huuuge. Also the workshop has been missing so maybe they added it back."
"And he has been for quite a while, now. TIL Fidel Castro is still not dead."
I wish I had so many gray pieces :3 Thanks for the instructions :) LEGO SNOT Stone Wall Tutorial (studs not on top)
"I dont want to pay more than that because every player above that price is going to receive a massive price drop, and yes I know its going to be difficult to compete, especially considering its FIFA 17 and not FIFA 16. If a player is under 2000 coins then he is cheap in my opinion. I even consider 30k players to be cheap if they are 85+ rated or are ""superstar"" wingers (Martial etc.). You have to remember that you almost have 82k from the catalog from the start and theese are cards everyone can afford. If you cannot afford players that cost more than 750 coins then competing in higher divisions will be difficult in my personal opinion :)"
"Thanks! Ah, that must be the best thing to hear, ever. I'm sure you are, and I'm happy for you. :)"
It's almost like people have different opinions. I love how heavily downvoted you are even though you're right.
"Alt I saw other accounts verify that they had the same experience but then they deleted their posts. ETA: I have no idea if they were true or not, of course, just that the posts did appear, if only temporarily."
"But there was time now. You get hit by a bus on the way to the courthouse. Also, it's a cookbook, you broke your glasses, and the real monster is man's inhumanity to man."
Presumably boost to 118 and stay for 30 mins What would overloading your defence do?
And the toilet goes flush! He steps on the clutch
"In other news, Republicans distrust Democrats, Dogs chase cats, water is wet. MH17 Black Boxes Reveal 'Missile Explosion' Caused Crash in Ukraine"
"u wut? Use i3 and stick your Win in a VM. Add PCIE pass-through if you're running games in the VM. But that more running it ""over windows""."
The only advantage Rooney has over Higuain for Arsenal is that man U wouldn't have Rooney. My vote goes with Higuain.
"Royal cheese is good though D: But this thought we're talking about in this thread falls in the shower thoughts//before going to bed thoughts category. Same. Drugs are bad, m'kay?"
Because they have one replay and then showing 3 matches from Today the rest of the day. NOOOOOOOO of all time why now..
But I don't even like beets! or a beeeeeeeeeeet.
"#I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW, THE RAIN HAS GONE Ted Cruz works for the Empire confirmed!"
"""Hey there, my name is-"" ""WHAT'S YOUR FAVOURITE BEER!?"" I've asked this to someone because of their voice. Turns out he is and he's one of my favorite clan mates to play with. Not everyone who asks is doing so to be racist, some of us are just curious about the make-up of the group. I also ask where everyone loves and their favorite beer.(obviously all of this is never before they say hello)"
Yeah fuck that guy for having rich parents! I'm sure mom and dad will pay for one of those too.
"Why wouldn't they just cross the Canadian border like they do the US border? It looks like mr trudeau is rushing this in, so the illegals can come to canada NOW before the great wall of trump shuts them out. Canada needs more welfare leeches."
who are also shit Unless you're Garfunkel and Oates.
"Please explain, I definitely don't get it... I think I just understood their name."
You may have a gambling problem. I will bet my unborn child's life that ozil does get an assist this game
"#NAME? you realize the sad thing... you really are helping his channel, i'll tell you why... Every time you come into his channel, you give him a page view, he's been getting 3,148 a day, because someone wants to come in and complain that ""his way is wrong"" and ""he should do it this way"" So in a way... Yes you are helping him. The thing you need to do is learn that it's not your game, if you want to play the game your way, do it... Your opinion only matters in your own channel, not others."
"App State conjures ghosts of 2007 and rolls into Tigertown... oh, wait, I can't bring myself to even type that. a preseason ranked school with lose an an FCS team"
"It's F3, but that's true it includes this nice feature. Don't forget minecraft you can hit F4 to check ram usage"
K doaler PLEASE PARAGRAPHS
Sounds of Silence - Simon &amp; Garfunkel Strange Days - The Doors Sgt Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band - The Beatles Highway 61 Revisited - Bob Dylan What album(s) would you rate 10/10?
**BUT NO DAMAGE** The new Ello Asty?
I was expecting the cake to blow up. Was expecting fireworks. Was disappointed
I think the nose just has more surface area on a 2-dimensional plane Am I the only one that notices how big her nose is?
"Thanks for that. I definitely agree with you, and I think thats why I made my original comment. I am a feminist and I do not agree with the women in this video who are yelling at men. I just wanted to clarify that not all feminists are men haters, and that ""modern feminism"" may not be exactly what you are saying it is. I don't shit on men at all and actually find that sect of feminism pointless and hypocritical. EDIT- added word"
"Was responding to the guy who doubted this as a fact because of the source. Not fake, just a shitty dictionary."
"And Heyward left them, and the Cards flipped shits. But...but the Cubs beat the Cards..."
"Can't upvote enough. We've done it, he shut down his shop and it worked out well. We don't let techs moonlight and our IP is protected, they sign an agreement to that effect. Our contract with clients says they won't hire our techs. I'm not a believer in no competes, if someone wants to leave and start their own shop it's a free world. Every chef in a restaurant knows the recipes, doesn't mean they can or want to run a restaurant."
Well then find a job that doesn't require to follow a secular definition of your religious beliefs. I wouldn't want to contribute to degeneracy either. Our nation has gotten so stupid I doubt we can recover. We're regressing so fast that I bet we will shatter when we hit bottom. At least we will have learned our lesson and hopefully won't make the same mistakes regarding sexuality again. There will be no doubt about the immorality of contraceptives.
if the only traffic law you break is speeding you'll never be at fault in an accident And I get a ticket when caught speeding... even when it makes me feel better. The law is the law and we risk what we care to lose.
"*Better safe than sorry* isn't very PC these days. Eh I just keep having flashbacks to 2001-2002 and the anthrax threats. Remember when someone was mailing white powder in envelopes to reporters and congressmen in New York and DC? Well in my little town in **California** (thousands of miles from any actual anthrax threats) I was involved in three different 'white powder' events when things were shut down and fire department came in hazmat suits to 'decontaminate' (spoiler alert: none of the white powders were anthrax). First time someone mailed white powder to our guidance counselor - a sweet old lady. She knew it was a hoax so she put the letter in a bag and took it to the Principal the next day. They flipped their shit and literally shut down our school for two days. Probably was a good drill for the firemen, and we all had a good laugh. Second time we were going on a field trip that involved riding on a ferry. NOPE white powder was found on the ferry! Shut the line down for the day and thankfully we were able to take a bus to our destination. Third time I was driving home and the traffic came to a dead stop, like people walking around stopped. I was stuck in that spot for over two hours because a bag of (you guessed it!) white powder had broken on the bridge ahead and they were 'investigating'. I'm glad they're practicing dealing with threats, but I'm not worried yet."
verie son Wen Ze jelbrek ios 10.2 coming for iPhone 3g Wen eta 4 iPhone 3G 10.2 come is Ze Pangy jelbrek gonna meke it
"All for that sweet, silky, karma. The title used is very misleading, this is not an article or interview about Apple."
Or two small pieces of duct tape You'd think this guy could afford a sports bra.
"The tunnel is sort of real, but it only goes 1 km of the way. Speaking on news going crazy, I'd like to add the press release from the italian then-Ministry of Research and Education, stating that ""neutrinos travelled through a TUNNEL we built between CERN and NLGS, great enterprise of our governement etc."", leading to the simultaneous facepalm of the entire italian scientific community. Followed by evil glee, because that ignorant asshole had cut A LOT of school and research funding while in office, and the public shame was well-deserved."
"Unless my screen is displaying it weird, looks like a pinkish grey tone. Hi r/rabbits, please welcome my bun Poro! What colour is he?"
They've clearly spent a fair bit of money on it and everything... I mean who on earth ever thought that was a reasonable idea. Ok you got me. Now I've seen it all! Oh my god. It's the fish-power..
I had the most games played in ranked on adc graves last season with a 60% win rate No one playes Graves ADC anymore. Play him Jungle or Top lane.
"You're definitely dating the wrong men selfish bastards. (nsfw?) I've never had sex that felt like a mutual exchange of pleasure - it always just feels like the guy used porn as an instruction manual. I hate it. Am I going crazy? How can this be changed? tldr I do anal sex cause it's expected but I dont like it and sex makes me feel objectified I'm 29. I thought men would be more clued in to the fact that porn can be awesome but sex in real life isn't supposed to be like porn. How come male pleasure is prioritized during sex but female pleasure isn't? It makes me feel like crap. I'm going insane here. It just feels like sex is more about mens pleasure than woman's pleasure and it's getting to the point where sometimes I cry after sex cause i just feel objectified. I feel like sex is about how much personal pleasure he can get from me, and not about my pleasure as much. I have never been with a man who was good at giving oral sex....but they had no problem receiving it and giving constructive criticism on how to get better IT just feels like theres an entire list of things I should do to be a good partner and all of it involves the guy using my body for his pleasure without giving as much pleasure in return Ex: stats show that 40 percent of people regularly do anal sex. Soon it will be the norm, and people will break up with women who dont do it because it will be a deal breaker. So I do anal cause it's expected but I dont like the sensation. People tell me not to do it if i dont want to but that would narrow my dating people just like people who dont do oral or who wait till marriage for sex, have a very narrow dating poool last time I did anal sex it actually made me cry. It just feels like 'ok its expected now, better just get used to it and find ways to enjoy it if you can' and its making me HATE sex because it just makes me feel objectified because no one has ever really cared about getting me off and anal sex kind of represents that sentiment for me - its something that I do for HIM with nothing in return. Is this a thing that's happening to everyone or am I dating the wrong men? I want to date a feminist man but I can't find many. I feel like I'm just never gonna find anyone."
"tfw you have so many mods, you can't remember what items are from what mods :) They're a part of the camping/frostfall mod, I believe"
I hope you have a good lawyer bro Try taking this down ya goofs
And? Screenshots: Xbox One and PC Comparisons
"So very, very disturbing. Disturbing."
"I don't think I could afford the hourly rate. ""Paulina 2/10, would not bang."" - No One Ever."
"Thank you! Its PS3 only. Honestly, I played it on Vita and for the most part, your not missing anything."
"sales of life boats literally doubled Doesn't this have more to do with profit-motivated corporations minimally complying with the letter of the law instead of adopting the spirit, which would have ultimately mitigated losses, than a failure of government regulation?"
"Couldn't agree more! I was in the same situation and I have similar results (live together now after 3 years of long distance) . As long as we stayed dedicated in making time to see each other, I found it very healthy for the relationship that we often got a chance to miss each other."
"I fear I may have articulated myself incorrectly, I agree with what you've said. But it is relevant. Tunisia has such a low number of Islamic extremism related deaths precisely because it's so secular compared to the surrounding countries."
I eftein think the same What the fuck does this even mean?
Minuscule compared to Dethklok How many innocent people have died following Carrie Underwood's irresponsible instructions on how to handle a traffic emergency?
"Same, I could do without ""as a super fan...."" every sentence. Probably the same way I do ... terrible. Her insight would be almost as bad as Brent's."
Have you ever broken a condom during intercourse? What? No. That's not how this works. That's not how any of this works.
Black Canary should be here. DC's 4-way television crossover megaposter features what looks to be the Hall of Justice
"I *hate* ass robots I did that the 1st time fool, stupid ass robot"
Well more then three. And not much anime have 400 episodes. Only 3 or so. The rest are usually 1-2 seasons with max 22 per season.
"Every single thread with a wife, without fail. Your wife is pretty hot. Is she single?"
"Are you doing anything to prevent foxes? They are MESSY!!! They were indoors for a few weeks (in the basement confined to a small area), and as it got warmer down here in North Carolina, I moved them outside. I still have a heat lamp out there just in case they do get cold, but they are adjusting very well. Ducks grow SO fast, and eat like crazy. It is very important to constantly make sure they have water. They need it to eat their food, otherwise they could choke. But yes, we have a barn set up for them in the back yard, and a little fenced in outside play area with a kiddie pool."
This must be what going mad feels like. This Episode Was Written by An AI
It records and saves fine but looks like the picture. Is the video still recording? Seems like just the screen.
"Seconds: **1,403,642,400** Minutes: **23,394,040** Hours: **389,900.66666666** Days: **16,245.86111111** Weeks: **2,320.8373015869** Years: **44.5092085236** Decades: **4.4509208524** Centuries: **0.4450920852** Millenniums: **0.0445092085** Hoe long is this"
"Quick, brighten up all of them! New Scott wesbite!"
Is this an Acer or a Costco policy? Heads up to anyone the return policy on monitors is pretty much lifetime satisfaction. Pretty handy if this ever gives out or you aren't satisfied.
"300 miles on a 15 minute charge when it's at a testing facility, 150miles on a 20 hour charge the rest of the time I bet I'm gonna need to see evidence before I just beleive a claim from VW"
"Eyyyy, it's my number! :) well time to continue reading Children - Part 1-69"
"Save....The Margwas! Margwa's are people too. #savethemargwas Awesome video man, and great skill! I can imagine that was very difficult."
This is a pretty well done parody. Dear Black Chicks - Harmful Opinions
"i saw a guy jump off a bridge and found $100 thats what. You saw a mysterious gangster push a man off a bridge, then he saw you and gave you $100. He asked what you saw. Well, what did you see?"
"That makes it sound sketchy Once you sign up for the free copy we will send you money via PayPal to cover the cost of purchasing the book, plus delivery. We use PayPal to avoid asking anybody for home addresses. If you have any more questions feel free to ask."
This makes your forehead rock hard. flap flap flap
Lol whaaaaat What no YMCA intro???
Sad. m8 dota 2 is already dead in china
american bacon is trash canadian/danish/british bacon is where it's at BACON EAT OUR SHITTY HEAT LAMP BACON BACON EVERYTHING BECAUSE WE ARE MORONS IF YOU DON'T LIKE OUR BACON WE QUESTION YOUR MASCULINITY BACON BACON BACON
"""two can play at that game!"" Kurds are openly recruiting U.S. ex-military to fight ISIS"
Ik zou het bijna op een T-shirt printen... Een armlengte afstand houden schijnt te helpen.
"haha fuckoff hacker fxy0 - '' welcome back pro scene, more news coming soon ! ''"
"""no car life"" Now I don't drive a car!"
"That's a big IF If Jack can stay fit next season, they definitely have the potential to be the best midfield duo in the league!! so excited"
"Xenos scum! No, it's da red unz dat go fasta."
It doesn't contribute to the conversation Why do you have so many downvotes?
Is that Deandre's new nickname? Dirk hates puppies and kittens.
ISIS is that toxic. You people are fucking crazy and it's insane that this shit is getting upvoted.
"Willingness to give blowjobs. what supersedes physical attractiveness to you? When checking someone out with whom you've never spoken, I think looks play a pretty big role. But there are a few things besides your hair/physique/clothes that will completely supersede that for me. If I see someone reading or carrying a book for instance, I immediately judge them off of that before I consider their physical hotness. So what is it for the rest of reddit?"
"If that trit weren't there, a random POS module in system would get unanchored when you dock. I hope you're not a programmer."
Its better to have a 4v5 FNC with Klaj championpool problem going as a team and with a real coach than the dynamic queu arrogant shit that G2 shown. G2 are better then FNC and OG. People acting like they would have done better :/
Nah MLS is for the stars of 04 Maybe they should try and move to the MLS as well?
Thorin Mix up the analysts. They were good but having the same ones all weekend for every game got boring.
"OK of course Athens has some beautiful places but its like the 0,000000000000001% of the city.I study in Thessaloniki and I am laughing when someone says that its a beautiful city.Only the port and the castles are beautiful. I wouldn't say Athens is the most ugly place in Greece (Akropolis, Rooftop bars) but definitely not on par with like Rhodes and Nafplio. Tourists should go there more often."
"As someone who lives in Texas I wouldn't be surprised if someone on the BoE tried this. As per the Texas Board of Education's guidelines, we'll be making crucifixes this semester."
it happens Lol laced weed.
I thought it was only t auto that can have 5 stickers? Faze+OG+MLG+Drug War Veteran+Doge on SCAR20=Ultimate meme
"One of my favorite movies ever, but since no one has heard of it, no one will take my recommendation and watch it. You should get stoned and watch Mr. Nobody, It's on Netflix. Changed my perspective on a lot of different things, one of the better movies I've seen in a while."
I wish. Walter?
"What's 45/45? Well, there are a few things. 1. If your command wants to fuck you, they will fuck you. You'll be charged under Article 92 (Failure to obey a lawful order) and Article 134 (Conduct detrimental to good order and discipline). You're going to want to take the NJP unless you can find something to argue about with the piss test process. A court-martial will nail you to the wall. 2. What they do at NJP is really up to the commander. My guess is that he'll max you out - reduction in rank, 45/45, and loss of pay. Now, the question you should be concerned with is whether they decide to administratively separate you. 3. Separation for a drug pop is an Other than Honorable Discharge. This makes you ineligible for the GI Bill and a fair amount of avenues for collecting disability. You'll have to talk to the JAG, but I think that the best thing to do is appeal to the CO's mercy if he decides to NJP you. Tell him what's going on, why you did it, and hope that he has a heart. Your best outcome is to take the NJP, get reduced in rank, and then finish out your service. In that case, you'll still get your Honorable and your benefits."
Malcolm X &amp; Beaker's lovechild. Be as brutal as possible
"Well, if you want to be called beautiful these days you need to pack on the pounds as efficiently as possible. MRW I see that Pizza Hut made a Hot Dog Crust Pizza"
"lel, do you even bruh ? They really aren't that good for typing..."
Was this on Bleeding Hollow? I'm gonna guess there's a hunter bug...
When there's no real repercussions there's no point in not guessing tbh. Or you can use common sense and guess.
"This is exactly how your 6 year old that ""hates vegetables"" grows up to be a 26 year old that ""hates vegetables"". I'm sorry but my parents didn't keep me on a diet of chicken fingers and fries. I don't care how broke you are, I'm sure you can guide your kids to eat better from the start."
"You sure this isn't ISIS? Reporter Threatened By Black Lives Matter Conference Attendees. ""If you are not of African descent please go to the outside of the circle"""
Neither does Trump. I'm saying that you don't know what is in those briefings. And Neither do I.
"I don't watch him anymore, just pointing out that he's annoying ...Then don't watch him anymore. I don't like him neither because he is histerical and most of the info he gives he either stole from this sub or another youtuber etc, etc. and all I do is just don't watch him."
amazing that the thread itself has become drama! Infowars is shadowbanned from Reddit.
Remind me again what exactly differentiates you from communists? We will expropriate property and collectivize it through strike action and armed struggle.
"Space theme, it is needed. What do you think the Lego Group is doing wrong or could do better? Pretend you had some input at Lego Co. what would you suggest?"
Only catch mentioned in their stream was that you had to have a regular package. wow. But i bet there is a catch. just wait for it
"cant fuckin wait to get me YET ANOTHER 2 mana spell: do fucking nothing, **AGAIN** The chances of Priest getting a new hard removal and a board clear in the next expansion is basically zero. I can't believe Control Priest could be more dead than it already is but it looks like it's going to happen. e: oh wow losing keeper and raven idol will be a hit to paladin and druid too. e2: OMG and of course we lose Eerie Statue a few months after getting Purify. Wouldn't want it to have even a marginal use case lol."
"I think its already been coined Sharrif Joe's Jailhouse New Williams wall? We shall call them, Flo-Jo...."
It's a brutal false equivalency. It's a rhetorical device for the sake of discussion.
Sharia gangs? This is horrible. I hope he will be punished by the authorities and not by sharia gangs however.
I'm wondering how many of these past few posters watched Hee Haw as kids. Shindig!
Is it just me or does OP look really slender in the 2nd pic? My Captain Rex Armor - Post Order 66. I would LOVE to see a one-off about him.
"Not taking the roadside test is an automatic loss of license in my state The test they give you on the side of the road is not a breathalyzer, it's a portable breath test and is not admissible in court and is not compulsory. The breathalyzer test that you're required to submit to is given AFTER you've been arrested for DUI which doesn't happen until the arresting officer has determined there is probable cause. Owning a phone while driving is not probable cause to suspect that you were using the phone while driving and IMO won't hold up to a Supreme Court challenge if it ever gets that far."
"Ok, then first we find a way to cure Kuru. Prions. Too dangerous."
"Globally, demand is up. Yet gas prices haven't budged in weeks here"
no she did not.... And the other claimed an entire generation of children belonging to one race were predators sooooo...
"If you generate a flat world of just a nether ore then something like generating an oil well will start the chain reaction of the entire dimension. If you silk touch them, they don't blow up..."
"No loot? How much to value mythic cutting edge runs Hello. our guildis trying to sell cutting edge achievement and I was wondering what we should value it at. we are selling options full clear and just xav, no loot for either. We are the only horde guild on our server who has it but many alli also do"
"Can't argue with prophecy... *cannonballs into furpile* Fur-pile: The furining Ok everyone, sign the sheet and add yourself to the fur pile, I figure by this time tomorrow we should be able to have a fur mountain, then the prophecy will be fulfilled."
"Obviously Tomb Raider, 7 times. You're entitled to your opinion. I know which game i'll be playing for 300+ hours and which game is going to be waiting until it goes on sale. Both excellent games, regardless, IMO."
"Anybody else notice the typo about ""a single water molecule weighs about 18.015 grams"" now that's very heavy water. TIL the average cloud weighs about 1.1 Million pounds"
nestea D: Throwback Thursday: 2010 GSL Season 3 bracket
"If you are going to troll and race bait, you'll have to be a bit more coherent than that. Yea, the all-white suburbs of America. Maybe you should get out more."
"That would work... for Europe... and maybe Asia or North America Then obviously, we start there! I would like to see a giant map of each continent with a BR for each one."
Neato! Thats totally wizard.
"As Jeb once said: ""Forget struts, add more boosters!!!"" with enough rocket fuel, anything can be made to go faster than a hayabusa."
(Distant Egg Song) Peep Beep: Meme Creep
"But you didn't catch the funk, so I'd consider that a small price to pay. My problem is always that the part I didn't have out the whole time will now burn. I tanned when I was a teen and wore underwear in the booth. By the time I regretted it there was no going back :("
"Cause hes Swiss Oh, well.... ummm 'fraid there's nothing we can do about that one."
"As a barely conscious person waiting for coffee, this makes me murf blah urgh uh. As a human, so many things about this make me angry."
"American battleships, preferably a fast battleship line so we can get the South Dakota class. Which ship line and which nation are you most excited for? So far, my favorite line of ships is the American cruisers because of their great gun-fighting capabilities and their fantastic AA. The American battleships excite me the most for the 3.1 update, but I also can't wait for the British ships that will hopefully be released soon. What are your favorites so far in the beta and what are you most excited for?"
"I think I'm missing something here. If you are glyph hacking a level 8 portal and end up missing one glyph... just remember, at least at least you got four more points towards your translator badge! =D"
"Can confirm ADC just feels bad to play compared to every other role. The sad state of ADC Marksmen are having serious issues right now. Now more than ever, we are seeing so many of these ""life of an adc"" clips of carries being destroyed without a chance of fighting back. But not only that, many people (including me) have ditched the role. So many games I see spiraling out of control even before I can finish Ezreal's 2 items, which is one of the cheapest 2 item builds of any adc (IBG/Tear, even TriForce/Tear is fairly cheap). You end up having to flip a coin every game on who will win early, unless you can get really fed in lane, and even then you are under constant pressure never to be caught and never to make a mechanical mistake in fights, else you may throw the game by yourself. So what is happening here? Fervor is no longer a viable option for any marksman outside of Ezreal and fringe cases of Twitch and maybe Lucian, making Warlords the only option for most carries who can't use DFT (ignoring TLD corki, but he's kind of and odd one anyways). Itemization has been nerfed since the preseason (I.E. has 5 less crit chance and still less AD making it a much less efficient first item purchase and a weaker second item. While shiv and RFC are arguably better, they still aren't good enough which is why we see many carries going for Phantom Dancer instead. The class has been nerfed as a whole since the preseason, not only due to item changes but also meta shifts. Elementary drakes made early game power much more important, where adcs just can't match up against the Syndra's and Oriannas who have really powerful 1-2 item spikes at cheaper gold costs compared to the 3800 price tags, and most classes now have very effective item choices (which is a good thing). The class as a whole needs a bump. Either making Fervor a better option for carries, potentially removing it as an option or making it less efficient for Fighters (6 stack cap, remove double stacking for melee?) or simply make the items more valuable, make the stat gap easier to bear (tiny hp pools/armor growths) or give back the defensive options that were stripped away 1 by 1 (Sterak's nerf for squishies, Maw nerfs, QSS nerfs? but to be fair those were fair and ended up balancing out). Something needs to be done, so marksmen can attempt to keep up early game and not end up getting so easily outpaced."
Added your request. Requesting Tomix the Soulweaver from Dragonfable
"""I have a dream"" -Adolf Hitler Which famous quotes would take on a totally different meaning if said by someone else?"
"I'm sorry, why is the US used in comparison here? Yes, the Communist (stalinist, state capitalist) Party of China is engaged in propaganda. However the mainstream media is engaged in propaganda in the US on a daily basis on many levels. Does one have to remind how silent US papers were about the Wikileaks? The NY times went to the White House to check before hand! The propaganda may take on different forms but it serves the same masters - the ruling elite of both countries."
"Good advice Unfortunately not, I use Venmo as well. It's just good to know the risks involved and like other people have said I immediately move funds in my Venmo account elsewhere."
"Don't forget, he was a super stalker as well. The worst part of the movie was that it made Supes into a deadbeat dad. The rest was solid imo"
"Hi Can someone talk to me? I just really need to talk right now. Call, text, on here. Doesn't matter. I just need someone at the moment. Thank you."
"Are you calling Nick Harris a good punter? I realize it's a meta joke that the Lions suck and all of that jazz. But realistically this is because we've had a really good defensive line for quite a while now, combined with usually having really good punters to set the opposing teams in holes. Those factors combined with a pretty big statistical anomaly."
WHOA THERE Now I've got some unfinished business...
Now I understand why people need safe spaces Can you please put a trigger warning next time you post something so salacious onto the internet?
"""Azeroth isn't going to save itself"" ""I'm sorry son, but i wont be able to make it to your soccer practice."" ""Why not?"" ""I have to stop a fel crazed orc and his army of demons."""
"That's a crime in-and-of itself, but this is clearly a case of attempted manslaughter and the attourneys general have been itching to make an example out of somebody for lasing a pilot. no Damage, no harm, no one dead. yet there are Corrupt politicans that betrayed the people they represent with a shorter sentencing."
Not exactly a welcoming price for someone who's not sure if they'll enjoy the game haha. I mean you can get the base game and The Taken King for $60
Wade Bennett! who do you think they would recruit?
As well they should be. And they're both Lux mains.
"nah, i like having a very loose definition of pop music So since this came up in another thread, do you guys think we need to define what's actually considered Pop and what is not? I honestly like the way things are going right now and wouldn't really change a thing, but that's just me"
"What hallucinations did you had? I was prescribed Mefloquine during my first deployment. After about 3 days of hallucinations and erratic sleep I dumped it and decided to take my chances with Malaria. A few days later our PA stood in front of everyone asking if anyone had these symptoms, and if so, to see him and get a different prescription. I refused that as well."
:( Your post: 0/10 pure shit.
"Did you vote in the primaries? I like to consider myself a patriotic American, but the way things are going, I don't see it making it to the tricentennial, at least without protests bigger than anything Ukraine has seen. So many people see cutting resources to save money for defense against terrorism as extremely important, yet fail to see who the real terrorists are."
The opening zoom-out shot is a work of art A Clockwork Orange will always top cinematography for me.
"Oh, well now I feel bad... You're supposed to activate it and then you can hold the firing trigger down to charge up the shot to do more damage, then release to fire. The ability stays active for a few seconds, enough for a few shots depending on how much you charge it. But I'm guessing when they made it able to be toggled on and off, they broke it and it now shoots a fully charged shot each time it's toggled."
Shhh.... #GO BREWERS
This book is being rebound for Jay Leno's library. Binding a book in denim.
"rice with rasam and pickle If you were required to eat a Single Food item all day everyday for the rest of your life, what would it be and why? For me, it would be Rice and Dal with Papad. Can never get tired of this Combination."
"I love piston cake! What texture pack is that? Also it's not time for bed until you start trying to make a cake using 2 gold ingots, an ender pearl, 1 bucket of lava, 2 glowstone dust, 1 pork chop, 1 wheat and a piston"
"what dosage are we talking But I have nerver try 2C-E and AL-LAD.... And some people have tell me about the ""dark side"" of 2C-E :/"
Look how quickly Cam jumps out there to congratulate him. This made/makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside
"In that amount of time you would think they would have checked to be sure who the current occupants were. You underestimate the power of bureaucracy and the amount of time needed for it to work. But yeah, the one who gave the order to raid is a dumbass."
"Then another test told me I was INFP. You once questioned your INTP-ness and thought that you were INTJ after getting typed as ""INTJ"" on a MBTI test? Me too."
"IK, i dislike this program too, not because of the voice part but the timer time, what's the point on learning the timers from monsters, learning cooldowns from ultimates, if i don't have to keep track on ANYTHING else than killing people, i will quit LoL and go back to FPS games. Ironically enough I played a lot of Scriptcraft about a year ago, as far as mods went I used Gatherer and SuperInspect. Neither of which are really needed. But yeah I understand mods can be good, but in a pvp setting you want everyone on a same footing."
"Sadly I couldn't pick up a flair in time for their departure, but I still have my SoF flair which is a game that bdubs made so I'm still ok! I am keeping my B-Team forever then."
"He's gonna destroy her. Donald Trump Is a Lazy Idiot, Trump Campaign Tells New York Times"
ape Map 19 Spoiler
"Considering fictional characters don't age unless there's more to the story at a later time, yes. Is *now* the same age? Did he catch up or something?"
"He did fine, but I can't not see him as the guy from Wings. Thomas Hayden Church was a great sandman. He was not the problem with that movie."
"the G in Gentleman would like to have a word with you. That's because P is always pronounced as P, unless it's in combination with other letters. The G in Graphic makes the sound all on it's own."
Isn't that what caused this situation in the first place? I hope the US military eradicate those fucks.
dark souls is also a shit game dark souls is fog: the game
That's coupe Turkey is now a two door car?
Is anyone really surprised that Bronwyn Bishop fears human emotions? Laughing banned in question time
"Honestly, Labour are so fucked it's actually hilarious. UK General Election Seat Forecast: CON: 391 (+60) LAB: 176 (-56) SNP: 55 (-1) PC: 4 (+1) LD: 4 (-4) GRN: 2 (+1) UKIP: 0 (-1) NI: 18 (-)"
Weimeraner What kind of dog is that?
I always thought that Team Chaos would be Giratina I was gonna make a logo too Screw team harmony TEAM CHAOS CONFIRMED HO-OH
"I'm not your buddy, mom! Dont call me a mom, buddy!"
"And to think I wanted to be a cook. Oh shit. Oh my god. At an old job, I was the only other person working at this restaurant with the chef on duty at the time. He went to light the pilot lite in the oven and caught a major blowback with a fireball to the face. I have never EVER heard a person scream the way he did. I can still hear it in the back of my mind."
"do you know the dutch girl too? he's not! My buddy AJ from San Diego, California. He's in Chile studying for a semester. Apparently his acting career has skyrocketed."
"My point precisely. Well, if all you said was accurate, your coworkers are just jerks."
oh boy brb making popcorn
Have an up vote for your confidence Gtfo it's the best subreddit
"A lot of PS4 gamers own a 360 or a PC so their not missing out at all. I don't want to see titanfall 2 be MS exclusive. It's just bad for the gamers. IMO. There's a few PS games I wish I could have played, but not enough to buy another console for."
"You can live, but life is like the biggest grocery store, everything has a price. This is so depressing... I get the logic of what you are saying but damn, I only have a century in here, I don't want to waste it, I want to live."
"You should do a post suggesting that the ETF should get approved tomorrow I sense a little sarcasm there. If it was such a ""logical infrastructure development"", there sure wasn't much mention of it anywhere on the Internet prior to their filing, and mine was just over 60 days prior. If you want to dispute my post, easy, just find some text or video of them mentioning an ETF prior to my post. I'll pay out .1 BTC if you can do it."
"PMO: Porn, Masturbation, Orgasm. First go at this, 1 week in... So it's been exactly a week since my last fap. I've probably been doing it since I was about 12, introduced porn when I was about 13/14 and have been pretty regular since then. Nothing extreme, probably just once a day like most teenagers, but sometimes it could be three times if I was bored. I just fancied doing this for a challenge (as I get extremely horny once I'm in that state of mind) I've had a girlfriend for coming up 4 years as well so I was hoping this would help with our sex lives. Previously it'd take me ages to cum, not that she complains because it means she always cums first... but she's nearly always had to finish me by hand. Blowjobs just weren't doing it either. I haven't seen her so far this week but I will be this weekend...I have a feeling I won't be able to last as long but even after 8/9 days which it'll by then, it'll feel a whole lot better haha (I hope) Anyway I feel more energetic, I've been more productive and I've been studying a lot more for my upcoming exams that I need A's in to get into my chosen university. Hopefully this makes a difference! The only thing is I sometimes feel really moody, put hopefully this is just temporary (doesn't testosterone revert back to normal levels eventually?) I edged a couple of days ago to porn as well, but I only did for like a minute, then put it away again! I decided to read some threads on this and that sorted my hornyness out. I've got a bit of facial redness off some facial blemishes and I've noticed a bit of reduction of this and more even complexion...hopefully this gets better too, although it's nothing major anyway. So yeah, this was a good idea! Looking forward to this weekend to let it all go, but at least I'll be letting go naturally ;) Btw, what does 'PMO' stand for?"
"They do, it's the designer scruffy look, it takes a lot of time in front of the mirror to get it right. Why dont male actors ever comb their fucking hair?"
Has anyone ever told you that you have excellent punctuation? Hack your friends' facebook accounts in minutes!
Let's just say it was likea Florida thunder storm How wet did the hot girl get?
You're hot. Twirling
I still don't think that a good idea. Bought some $mstx with some change Sitting around. Now its coming up yeeeeee
A cunt hair's width. Hair of a bee's dick.
"""Ah fuck look at all these people not smoking cigarettes and enjoying their good health in public, it makes me so steamed ah fuck fuck fuckfuckfuckfuck"" I'm an adult who spends the large majority of my time in public. Vaping is fucking annoying."
"Penny, Penny , Penny Cow tipping"
"Mega minion being the #1 sparky counter honestly I use MM after sparky crosses bridge Don't forget about: * Minion horde * knight * barbarians * Ice golem * any unit 3 or under + minions * Any unit 2 or under + mini pekka * any super tank + any ranged dps sets up for a strong counter push * Freeze * pekka * rocket * lightning * tombstone * Grave yard * furnace * barbarian hut * goblin hut * goblin barrel (need really good aim) * skarmy * Sparky (ermagurd) I feel like I'm missing some, but there's some sparky counters you forgot about."
Leftist idealism Ingrid Carlqvist: Why has Sweden experienced a 1472% increase in rapes?
"Since the anarchy stacks (and the extra damage) stay until that gun explodes, it's well worth it. It does. But it is a sacrifice I was willing to make."
"Stomping. Post your in game name, other people respond with how you view them as a player. E.g Person 1: I'm MLG420Sniper Person 2: You're a good sniper."
So what he is saying is that is actually improves performance under some circumstances? Audiophile's take on Sony's new 'quiet' SD card
"At a safe distance, yes Can I watch?"
"Lol, no those are my niece's I have noticed you also have gotten crayola."
Butt maybe of course.
I gave up during Discord installation after my anti-virus called for the 5th time... What voice communications do you prefer to use?
"And I believe that if a spiritual ideaology, religion or what have you, is counter to altruistic human behavior like Islam is, then it is should be shunned. There's a lot of issues inherent to Islam and I personally support next to none of their founding principles; however, I maintain the belief that it is wrong to discriminate based upon religion, even if I dislike many concepts of the religion in question."
"Ur trying too hard Wht's actually fucking hilarious is how you can edit the models in the game so that you can change naga illusions to something thats not naga, lets say a huge vagina, and you will be able to tell which is the real pussy?"
"I can't tell if this is sarcasm or not. Don't forget that mormons were persecuted horribly before this event, which is why they were clear out in utah in the first place. This is par for the course for Abrahamic religions. The jews tried to get along with their neighbors when they were less powerful, such as when they said nice things about their neighbors that worshipped chemosh. When they had power they slaughtered men, women, children, even the animals. Christians were persecuted horribly and were admonished to turn the other cheek and give unto cesar that which is cesar's. Until they became powerful, at which point they engaged in constant wars and even eventually set up bureaucracy to manage torture and killings on a massive scale. The quran contradicts itself because when muslims were weak, the prophet advocated peaceful relations with non-muslims. Later when they became powerful he advocated killing the infidels. So in the grand scheme of things, one little massacre doesn't seem so bad!"
"The struggle is real... bullshit. For us lads not on welfare &amp; sponging off of our families many years down the road, our option is to find a sugar momma."
"Uhm.. yeah, you don't say? Rifles would be a good weapon for the Coalition."
"No. Is MLS on track to be a top league by 2022? I've been wondering why the owners would not want larger salary caps and free agency, which got me thinking if they really want MLS to be a top league by 2022. At this growth rate, will it?"
"This made me laugh unnecessarily hard (In a gruff voice) ""I heard you like poo poo."""
"If you move your mouse around, you can almost always find a spot where this happens. Nar Shaddaa, IIRC. Car frequently disappears."
"Well-put reply! If you can beat it in 10 mins, send a video of your gameplay I will refund your copy :)"
"against that asshole i'm super racist i will genocide his ass whenever i can I know im going to come off as a self-righteous cunt now, but i always get annoyed when people dont even try to pronounce his name. Like seriously, its not hard, and it comes across as really ignorant and a bit racist"
"Imagine the music would be ""I've been looking for freedom"". Even Donald Duck can't resist..."
"I always liked the bass line to ""Do You Really Want To Hurt Me"". The bass line to Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go is ridiculous. RIP George Michael. Like any music fan, I poked around the hits after hearing the tragic news. And I guess I had never listened intently before, but the bassline in this song is top-notch. Very energetic with great fills throughout. Just thought I'd share this (maybe obvious?) observation."
"Upblender for you! Yeah, totally subjective! I'm not gonna state any software is better or worse than other, until you start getting into the specifics. Blender lacks some things under the hood of course.. but it just irked me that urbanplowboy made a statement rather than expressing his opinion. Such as it being my opinion that Max is slow and shite, but that's me :)"
"MASTER OF CRUELTIES ONLY KNOWS DEATH, NOT PRINCESSES Oh dear- that would get through many pillows. uh uH UH- [[YOUR PRINCESS IS IN ANOTHER CASTLE]]! Clearly I fail at using the bot- before editing, it read Illusionist's Gambit!"
Males require a larger calorie intake. Can anyone explain why the boys and girls are separated at lunch? Different portion sizes?
"Use the superior 24 hour system instead! it was pm, good point! i will have to make sure to mark that next time."
"It's my old keytronic with foam n foil switches, it also has a hexadecimal number pad which is super cool. What's no.7? It seems familiar but I can't think what it reminds me of."
"Thank you! big difference. First most blacks didn't immigrate to the US so they probably require a different discussion. Second, many Mexicans were territorially annexed into the USA many years ago and frankly, as they were on the land years before any 'American' settler they deserve the right to preserve their language and heritage if they so choose to. Regardless, most Mexicans (and you probably meant Hispanics from all Spanish speaking countries) learn to speak English within one generation and fully assimilate. This is not any different historically than Italian immigration to the United States in the early 1900s. This is different than the growing problem of immigrants from South Asia (Pakistan) to the UK who resist assimilation."
"If you will not require visa for tourism, then you will not stop illegal immigration from EU. You can come for tourism for 3 months (the standard deal) but not granted automatically - see for example what you have to do to get to Japan, Australia or the US. You'll need a visa for work, obviously. Otherwise there wouldn't be much of a point in Brexiting."
I think you just want us to pay her for you Agreed. You couldn't *pay* me $5 to have sex with a hooker who normally charges $5.
You must have come up during our warm month. I've had sex in Canada and I wasn't under the sheets. Why I bet you're not even Canadian...
Finally this must mean it will be free on PS+ Knack 2 Trailer
"respect Am scout main, only complains about full sentrys."
"If only they would return to the Faction system... Chicago has a reputation for political corruption. Given his relationship with the president I imagine he has unrivaled support from the Democratic Party and all its constituents such as unions, community organizers, etc..."
Erect your joystick and FIRMLY GRASP IT. VR. Camera on the back tracks your hands. Head tracking.
My pastor told me rain is God flushing his toilet. Exactly. Sky sewage
wat.jpg Why is does Free Stuff get so much attention than other good questions? Title
"I would think you were joking because of the "":D"", but I have multiple down votes on my comment there. um wat,thats disgusting :D"
"Until you fuck up the b. I can handle this one because ""IT'S DOUBLE EVERYTHING"", not like necessary &amp; professional that have one solo letter and one repeat"
Yeah but you have to pay to watch most Amazon Prime Video now has 4 times as many movies as Netflix
Yeah... that must be it. They hate us cuz they ain't us!
"5429-7755-4786 If you add me please let me know what mons I've got, I'll do the same! Need more friends will accept all Looking for friends for safari my code is 4527-7789-9321 Ps Not sure what my type is"
"Aww how cute, you are using your big words. keep believing your lies sheep. obama is your messiah, go worship his faggot ass."
I cant tell if their getting back to their boxy roots or looking more and more like a mazda/hyundai. 2017 Subaru Impreza at NYIAS!
"Yeah, but that one was in part because the other team didn't peek him when he was reloading. Shox usp ace was pretty crazy also"
"Goyhan (((Gohan))) The parentheses are just edgy shitposting, but in the Broly special Chi-chi mentions that her mother was half jewish (if I heard correctly, anyways) and jewish identity is carried down through the female line, if I understand it correctly, which means there's a possiblity that Gohan is a jew depending on if his grandmother got her jewness from her mother, Gohan's great-grandmother. Happy hanukkah, goys. Also, someone correct me if I'm wrong."
Directed by Michael Bay? It's going to be a geopolitical blockbuster. Hang on to your seats.
"How would a Hanzo/Genji/Bastion main know if it's boring when that team comp couldn't happen with them on the team, and the meta doesn't make too much of an impact on ranks where those players exist? Dear Overwatch players, Dear Hanzo/Genji/Bastion mains, you may not agree on everything but i think we can agree that the current meta is boring. The current tripple tank with ana and soldier meta is just boring, not fun to play against or to win with. ^That's ^all."
"yeah, she has put on a bit of weight naw nixon actually resigned and faced consequences hillary is too big to jail."
Dang dude that's like business 101. Turns out that the volume on my works speakers are NOT muted.
"HAH. Did anyone else read this as ""Musings of an American *Bullfighter* in Ukraine?..."
"K LOVEEEE Cleveland Cavaliers vs Dallas Mavericks There wasn't a game thread at 15 minutes till. Decided to post this, not sure what exactly I need in here so any help would be appreciated. GO CAVS"
"Scump was far from mediocre. Karma and crim were terrible, and formal and scump were pitifully mediocre today. Sub-par performances all around."
Sad to say that the people who most benefit from this kind of plug-in are the least likely to use it. How embarrassing is it that we have to fact check the president-elect. We can argue how reliable the checker is. But the whole need for it is shameful.
"Turn your sound up or make sure your default notification includes sound Hey, any chance we could get a sound for the notification? Unless I'm missing something, it just does 2 quick vibrates. When my phone is on my bed and I'm not actively looking at my phone, I don't seem to notice the vibration, so an optional notification tone would be awesome. BTW first time using this app and I gotta say, I love the implementation."
"100% this, devs have their heads so far up their asses fanboys can't even try and defend this one Makes zero sense to have community servers under official servers tab."
"They have an easy fix, change role to specialist, fix some talents, and its over. In a lot of mobas there are heroes that deliberately undefined and under tuned because the designers don't know where to go with it. Rexxar might see the light of day but it'll be a awhile"
"This is definitely me, especially trying to learn a secondary falco as a samus main. Fail a few wavelands and get hit when they respawn"
"Pls do Po-2 vs Sabre. Po-2 won battle of Stalingrad, plane that won the war)))"
"I don't know, but it feels damn good to call a new Titan in right after ejecting. Titan availability A post earlier today had me thinking. Why is it sometimes I'll hop out of my Titan because it's doomed and almost immediately have another available? Are they on a rolling clock? Am I just getting these couple kills immediately following ejection and they count more? What is it?"
Just did the course two weeks ago Yup and a club match
Space: Above and Beyond. What show? I'm immediately interested.
Haha yes :D And I'm 100% sure that Nexus and One Plus phones will be the first devices to support it because of the XDA community ;) Some phones will let you do that! In the not so distant future!
"Your dad absolutely met the Duke, then. My dad met John Wayne once at Callaway Gardens and told me he towered over everyone there and smelled like whiskey."
Sell high! I bought tickets to the CBJ - Wild game before the season with the expectation that it would be an average game. Now? HYPE as fuck.
"This was posted earlier in the campaign, but I feel it is more relvant now than ever and our new subscribers could use this when persuading people. Bernie Sanders Could Be the Next FDR"
it's like saying you want a new iphone because samsung went out of business Those cards still do exactly what they did when you crafted them. There is no reason you should be entitled to a refund for them.
well hopefully he gets a preseason game this year at the very least. I would say no unless he has a killer training camp.
"Sounds like you have lightened up.. by 21 lbs :) Bossham. First story of many! Hi FPS. long time lurker first time poster yada yada yada. I work at a secondary school in England ( 12yrs old to 16yrs old for you yanks ). I'm a technician in a very busy arts department. I'm a currently on a diet and losing weight pretty easily, it's hard work but good. I'm not obese, just touched over into the overweight category and decided I needed to change. I've lost 21pounds so far. My boss is a full blown ham, she isn't quite a planet yet but has all the fatlogic shit down to a tee. I'm not exactly Mr Confident but I do my job well and I think I am quite popular at work, I started getting comments related to my weight loss and how good I looked etc, which made me feel amazing. Last Friday a co-worker brought in a tube of those Maryland Cookies, I walked into the staffroom to have my coffee break and he is handing them out, he offered me one. I looked at them and said ""No Thanks"". He then says ""Oooh you looked though didn't you"". Like it's some crime to have eyes. I laughed it off and said ""I did, but I don't fancy one thanks mate"". My boss then turns to me and says ""Oh go on eat a Cookie, it won't do you any harm"". I turn to her and politely say ""No thanks, I don't really want to eat one, I've got some fruit to eat anyway"". This annoys her and she says ""Oh go on eat a cookie, you're miserable now you're skinny, eat a biscuit and lighten up"". I could have screamed. I repeated ""No Thanks"" and then went and had my coffee break elsewhere."
"I just hope he slips on his bike and hits his unprotected head on something, because there's no need to traumatize other road users with his dumbfuckery. It's a self-solving problem - eventually he'll be killed or rendered disabled such that he'll never ride a bike again."
Smallest penis ever. In case you didn't know it was a Ram
"I mean I find some black women attractive, its just a lot seem to be pretty aggressive/violent which isn't what I look for in women. Oh shit, lowest response rate from all male ethnicities was to black women? That's kinda sad. I can understand personal taste but this is across the board."
"Yes another skill moms have to learn along with fake anger is discouraging dad's from laughing. They have to be with kids, kids can be destructive but so cute/funny, so no matter how much you want to laugh you gotta teach them a lesson and wear that behind out."
free 2 play? I cant wait for dendi profile video pls volvo
10000 Souls per day sustain him What do you think the Ice Bucket Challenge was for? He sapped peoples life force.
This might look nice in a fancy D&amp;D room. Octopus candle holder
"Maybe you stay in that state ""forever"" from your consciousness' perspective, and that's heaven. Dmt in Death I've always loved the theory that when we die dmt is released in a brain. The idea of your whole life flashing in front of your eyes as you are dying. The last thing that your brain and maybe the last gift it gives you. It is just a theory and no one will truly know until they are passing on. How amazing would it be though for an insane amount of dmt going off in the brain. It would just freeze time in that moment and those last seconds would feel like an eternity. Either way lets all accept death and remember that life was a true gift. Before we existed there was nothing and we all got this one chance at life. Live to the fullest and be happy and spread that happiness and love. Peace out friends!"
That's the sound of tha police! WOOOP! WOOOP!
I could bring my fuzzy sheep on next time well that was just a bundle of joy to watch......
"ha, i always have viewed reddit commenters on r/politics, as the fox news of liberals (thats more ext-ream than even msnbc I just can't stand the lack of critical thinking. As someone who teaches it pisses me the fuck off to see all these ignorant cunts running around doing things like voting."
And he is gonna have another great deal to make in 7 years. If im his agent i explain that if he puts up a big season he can ask for more money. I also explain hey alex. In junior you tore up your knee. If something similar happens you could lose a lot of money as a result. Those are the two scenarios. Im gonna let you decide on how much of a gambler you want to be. Do you want to take the 7 year guaranteed deal today... or wait a year hope you stay healthy... put up a huge season and make even more. Thats what the agents job is.. gove the player all the info and let him decide.
"Your property values may fall, but your kids and grandkids will have a better chance of acquiring one! Malcolm Turnbull warns property values will fall under Labor negative gearing policy"
"you are taking a risk with a tank that has a crack, especially with that much water. Upgrading from 120 g to 220 g reef I came across a cragslist deal that i could not pass up: 220 gallon drilled aquarium 75 g sump Power compact and Metal halide (will need to buy 3 ballasts [also I have only had experience with LEDs so I don't really know what a ballast is, but I will certainly find out soon!]) 6 foot led All for $250. I was so lucky to be the first person to contact this guy about it. The only thing wrong with it is it has a crack in the back left corner, but it is not into the seal, has been siliconed, and still holds water. I want to move everything from my 120 gallon tank to this new 220 gallon tank. I have moved aquariums before, but never upgraded to almost double the size and have some questions. I would like to give some details about my 120 g tank before I get into the questions: 120 g display about 160 lbs live rock about 2 inches of Tropic Eden Reefflakes Aragonite Sand 2 reefbreeders photon 32 lights 40 g breeder sump with refugium 20 lbs rock rubble Reef Octopus Classic 225 protein skimmer DC return pump (works on my 120 at the second power option [it goes up to 5] so I think it will work with the bigger tank and sump heaters (can't remember the wattage at the moment), but they're not too expensive so I could always add some if needed yellow tang 2 picasso clowns valentini puffer 2 firefish 1 green manderine shrimp, crabs, and snails only have 1 coral at the moment I will be reusing my return pump and protein skimmer from my old tank to my new tank. The questions I have: 1) Since I have to reuse some of my equipment from my old tank, I would like to transfer the tank in a day. Is that even possible since I am doubling the size? (I will be using the 120 gallons of water from my old tank, but that means I will have to add another 120 +75 = 190 gallons of freshly mixed saltwater. Can the livestock handle this? 2) I want to reuse the old sand. Should I rinse it out first? What about live rock? 3) I want to add the same brand of sand. Should I mix the 2 together? Should one go on top of the other? 4) In what order should I transfer the items for the tank? - IE: Equipment first, New water , live rock, old sand, new sand, livestock? 5) will there be a cycle if I am reusing all of my old stuff? 6) will that protein skimmer get me by? I've done some research and as long as I have a medium bioload, people say it should be good, but what do you guys think? 7) I am getting a new shipment of cleanup crew (crabs and snails). Any tips on transferring livestock that is small/lives in sand? Pretty much any information on upgrading a tank would be great. I am also open for a second option of setting up the new tank first and letting it go through a cycle and slowly moving livestock, but have reservations since I will not have a protein skimmer (as I will need it on my tank that is currently operating and I have a return pump I can use temporarily for the new tank). Would this be okay? If so for how long? Would you suggest this over moving the entire tank in a day? If you could also give me your credentials (such as how many tanks you own, how many times you've moved/upgraded, that will definitely put my mind at ease since most information on forums are from beginners with conflicting (and sometimes horrific) advice. TL;DR; need questions answered on how to upgrade from a 120 g to 220 g saltwater reef tank"
"Or another roster change. TSM changes its playstyle for summer split, focusing on helping Dyrus more When it happens, you saw it here first."
I before E except after C. A rule saying what?
Poor Gideon... What a Waste. Imprisoned in the Moon
"Manitoba isn't necessarily a pothole breeder, we're just too stupid to neuter them and once they're born we just let em run loose instead of putting them down properly. Try manitoba, we breed them"
"Harry Botter HB, i know youre my father. I know Mom secretly went off her birth control pills to have the baby you never wanted and you dumped her sorry ass and didnt talk to her again for over a decade. I know thats why she had to leave 'hometown' in shame. Good for you. What a bitch. But i know you never wanted kids so ill never be your kid."
"Something along the lines of asking why people make up nicknames for players. Heh, I missed the comment before it was deleted. What did he say, curiously?"
Philadelphia Democrats? Clinton also has the resources of the most effective political machine in America - the Philadelphia Democrats.
This thread is a nightmare for mobile users Most used words in this sub for June 2016
"but if you lose your flair is ""Stankass champion"" I've got Hall. You're flair will be: ""Top 5 p4p: Mike Perry, Mike Perry, Mike Per..."""
"You drew a bucket hat on him and it's all I can focus on now. ""Do not get a tattoo. Have pure skin like me."""
Lol shh
"It's an amazing show. Is ""Friday Night Lights"" any good?"
The sentence should have been higher. EVERY year. When will people learn ?!
"Sounds ok, added you. As crates are going for 2 rec each, I would offer you 4 crates for the honcho. how does this sound to you?"
Nice game but scoreboards are supposed to be a text post with a blurb of the match My best E-25 game
A park with dinosaurs. What's the best story you can tell in one line?
Removed for being a repost. Brad Keselowski and Paul Wolfe penalized by NASCAR
"K Not letters, only one letter, pick a good one."
With half stickers What!? They're going to start selling half pops now?
"Femininst for Bernie on twitter are calling her out hard with #HillarySoProgressive She identified herself as a moderate and ""center"" as well as ""progressive"" and ""progressive that likes to get things done"". Bernie Sanders assessment seems about right. I am glad he is #CallClintonOut"
Now I want that one so my other one can have a friend.... My reddit secret santa knew what was up before it was cool
"I agree with you, but swag ... oh whatever let's go fuck shit up! Down vote shitty fan art holme slices! Let's take our subreddit back !"
BASH capitalism works
Coming from someone who has seen their club lift trophy every year of their life that rreallllly does mean something lolol. Ok. Sure. This is the kind of attitude that results in your current team and not the 'Invincibles'.
"I feel like I've already read this comment today somewhere. If he and Opie ""had a really good talk"" after today's show and all of a sudden Jim's name is back on the social media handles... Opie really is a petty bitch. It's like the high school girl that changes her Facebook relationship status the second she has a small disagreement with her boyfriend."
This is one of the best ideas ever So my dollar mousepad is in.
Norm in Australia too. steel (iron) roofs are the norm in NZ
I was totally convinced of this when I saw the shots later on of a guy SURFING in the fucking storm swells.. Natural selection
"Seriously, grow up and do coke. I hear they're meeting up to move on to harder stuff."
"Only 13% are actually enrolled into the ""compulsory"" service, so getting in has become prestigous. Has Norway always had compulsory military service?"
"Helping doesn't need to be limited to offering a some work. That's all well and good if you own a hardware and good for you for doing what you can. But if you own a dress boutique, hair salon, restaurant, florist, daycare, jewelery store or the like you can't exactly have unbathed people coming down from drugs/alcohol in your business around your customers and inventory."
"I think goalies just stick to their own settings, which is annoying especially for assists as well... Why don't Carey Price's penalty minutes tonight count for my team's PIM stats? (Yahoo regular head to head league)"
I keep reminding myself that Katie is a decade older than Ashley and acts just as clueless. LOL I was thinking that too
Only gave 8k to charity which leaves 167k for 2015. Probably spends most of his paycheck on the health care bills of others.
Yes I was there not 100 seconds ago The 7. world is one of my favourite worlds Have you been to the seventh world recently? It looks like you are still under the effects of medicine...
"Given how he rolled over to them and supported their platform, I would say the republicans are ultimately happy. You're saying Trump was the candidate the GOP wanted? I only ask because Trump was not the candidate the GOP wanted..."
"If you read that again you'll see that I said that was my opinion It's a bird landing on a podium... I've also said nothing about this being a ""trained bird"" so I have literally no clue what you're talking about."
Those are all pretttyyy damn fair reasons for a votekick IMO. i'll give some examples 1. A low rank that brought the bfg 2. M60 sprayer 3. Talking shit when he's a rank 7
Sudden enabler Also fuckin lood That title sounds so wrong...
Yeah they tell you that in the basic instructor course when becoming an AETC instructor. Is this actually a thing? I ask because one of my instructors made a joke about the same thing.
.... I need to update my will ASAP. that theme could make me mark out at a funeral
ridiculous generalization... drunken is the operative word..nothing to do with youth or middle aged.. I felt like it was always going to be someone very young. From the moment I read that after they beat a man and fractured his skull they tried to go back to the bar across the road. That kind of ultra-violent reaction followed by a total lack of remorse or understanding about consequences screams of the stupidities of drunken youth.
EleGiggle le balanced scientist man OStoad
"Yeah yeah, Bihar election is over. Dadri lynching: Don't want further probe, victim's kin tell UP CM"
It's hideous. All I can see is the clenched butthole when I look at that mount
In like the part 2 weeks I have flashed almost 6 to 7 ROMs. Happy news for the flashaholics! Basketbuild is up!
"Insert Coin in Vegas? I went to the bar dressed as a vault dweller, feeling pretty original... well this is awkward..."
"I believe there are some people that paid money for silver expecting to fund new missions and strikes that would disagree with you. Nothing in that article specifically said there would not be new strikes or quests or whatever. there would just not be a large new chunk of content like TDB or HoW. But what exactly do people expect? A year old content release schedule leak is not a promise of semi-annual major updates. Considering you do not have to pay $0.01 more than your initial TTK buy-in, I think it's hard to argue that they have not given us our moneys worth."
"And one of our basis for independence is this, with a smaller country we can better manage our politicians and their decisions (just an example: PP, the ruling party that passed this law with their absolute majority, here got around 10 representatives out of 135 seats, so they don't represent us at all) I completely support your right to self-determine, but never forget that you have your own versions of these kind of parties in Catalonia, too. With or without independence, it's not possible to run away: people need to fight to preserve their rights (and as things stand know, information and votes are still powerful weapons despite every push from the power to weaken them)."
"If you don't use blood rage you want a somewhat-linked frenzy either way, TS or LA. basically with LS you need an additional single target setup, while with TS you don't. it's a matter of personal preference tbh."
"Yes Best way to get LMG kills for Phantom Project? I need 86 more kills with LMGS, should I just go operation locker with m249 or what do you suggest?"
You should contact steam and/or paypal depending on which account had the problem Can't Pre order. Help! Hi! I tried pre ordering Stellaris today with paypal on steam but it said that I could not use it due to problems with my account. Is it because it is release day today or is it something diffrent?
No he shouldn't you fucking idiots. Obama Should Commit to a Trillion-Dollar Infrastructure Plan -- A five-year project to build our decaying infrastructure would cost roughly a trillion dollars. It would create jobs now; it would be ultra-cheap at current interest rates; and it would promote growth in the future
"You're good at this. No, it's demeaning to women because it reduces their autonomy to a fetish."
"They really don't make cars like this anymore. My favorite part is the jewish family in Hitler's car, all of it"
"I've been shit-faced for days, man. C'mon man, all the cool kids are doing it"
"like killing Sansa. I agree that Arya most likely won't lose herself, but then I think about what a dick GRRM can be and can see her forgetting herself just long enough to do something really bad."
Thank you so much! Always looking for new podcasts!
"If you want to build, I've got a '10 I'd be willing to discuss. Any idea/interest in a '12,'13,'14 vert of Abyss? Happened to find a store over Christmas that sold me all three."
"Neither can I, but I saw it 4 years ago Source? I can't find it."
"Nostalgia God, I remember that ad campaign! ""Is it live, or is it Memorex?"""
I'm guessing it was a DJI Phantom or DJI Inspire 1. Man detained outside White House for trying to fly drone
"I had a feeling you were going to say that.. well, that or something about dicks. It's Tuesday in the future. The bad news; it won't get better, sorry."
You mean CIS? **YOU WILL BE NOTICED WHEN MVP KICKS YOURS ASS**
"Mike Schmidt. Is ""Michael"" referring to Mike Schmidt or someone else entirely?"
"chabon te daria gold pero no tengo un mango, te conformas con reddit silver? Taka, deja de mentir, siempre te llevaste matematica por que sabias que ibas a vivir del futbol."
Looks like she is about to start churning butter or raise a barn. Daisy Ridley
Hey that's offensive. Fucking Scorpios.
"It's hard to appreciate poetry or a song's lyrics if you're emotionally dead It's a lot easier to feel them when you're in a surge of emotions, when you're madly in love, or (in the contrary) when you're absolutely raging Ako lang ba yung mahirap maimpress sa poetry? It's hard for me to find poetry pieces that make me go ""This is wonderful"" and most of the time I just get underwhelmed. It gets worse when a poem is in freeverse (let's not talk about haiku). Often times I feel like it took me longer to try and appreciate something than it took the author to write it all down. I'm not like this with other literary pieces (I'm married to a prolific prose writer) but when it comes to poetry, hnggggh. Can you recommend (modern) poetry pieces that are nice?"
"Khajiit has wares if you have coin. ""I need dis right now, can't wait."""
"You aren't locking them out, you lock yourself in. I could have my front door, my bedroom door, my bathroom door all closed and locked. yet I still act this way."
"""This candidate has a nice family and attends _________ services, got my vote."" The voters who are politically literate are just far outnumbered by those who aren't. Besides the inept media (or maybe the ineptitude of the media is a result of?), we also have a culture that, in large part, doesn't value intelligence. There's this widespread attitude, as one man put it, that ""my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge."""
This^ Aren't those two things not mutually exclusive? There are tons of black hispanic baseball players in the league.
Wew lad Retard
Sure. How about this corsair one?
Its amazing how all the comments condemning Israel in this thread have nothing to say about the rockets fired into Israel first which resulted in a retaliation. Israeli jets hit Gaza in retaliation for rocket attack
"How is gool formed? Okay so I've never watched much hockey, is it cool if I ask questions here or will I just look dumb?"
"But I bet he's a total nice guy though. If you were allowed to commit crimes for a day, would you? ""I'd finally get laid."""
"The more money I make the higher into the tax bracket I go, this year I said no to a raise Why do you choose to live in poverty?"
"Very hot and not so hot. Nah we only need two seasons anyway, Fucking boiling and Fucking freezing"
"This whole picture makes me smile ear to ear. If you guys don't fuck this up and the Pirates don't get their shit together, I'm going to murder someone. Especially since a loss today means the Pirates will have lost the series."
"My fist points away from my face when I put them on, but I can see how it could happen. I can't be the only one! right? Putting on arm warmers and accidentally punching my self right in the face. I did it this morning and it's not the first time. I am not a smart man."
They can definitely linger though Hamstrings are no big deal as long as they take it slow and recover.
"Good point on coordination that I'd forgotten, if the women are *uncoordinated* in their attack, they might just end up getting in each others way. I've boxed for several years. The weight and sex difference combined should satisfy your fourth point easily if the man were to land a good hit. Women will also generally have far less experience fighting, their blows will likely to next to nothing lest they hit a weak point (throat, balls) and they will not have much experience grappling let alone effectively attacking as a group. Their number advantage is still formidable though and as a result I can't quite call it. I don't know how three women would most likely act in a fight against a man, if they just jump him at the same time and use their combined weight to pull him down they'd win easily, but that would take a certain amount of coordination. If they however try and just punch and kick blindly they'll be hit back hard enough to stay down (I don't think your average woman is going to continue fighting with dislodged or even broken nose). All in all the biggest variable isn't really the weight and strength difference imo, it's the tactics the women are most likely to employ."
F'in Shula Week 7 - Panthers vs Rams - Discussion Thread Let's do this.
"Yeah should have just done the sinophobia thing like everyone else, eh? Edgy."
"Well the Blackhawks have become a pretty big bandwagon, so it's safe to say that these fans go to games just to say that they were there/are fans rather than just to enjoy the game. All the freakin selfies at the UC. Hooooly crap"
Trump! Who do we want as the FIFA president?? And why
Oh and did we mention 4 out of the 5 of them are all QBs? Let's also make it 5 stamina instead of 4 or 3.
I'm 27 and still have this problem.. must be fun to be a teenager.
this is a pokemon reference but i forget what the truck and SS Anne did He only comes back if you take 100k steps and move the truck next to the SS Anne
"My used listings remain unaffected but I'm unable to create any new ""used"" listings. Were you alerted about them being deactivated? I have several different pieces of software listed used and haven't noticed anything different."
Spinning end over end. Front on or sideways?
"#SO MUCH PATRIOTISM LIVE Stream: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Anaheim, CA (5-25-16)"
Does anyone have more info on the 50% off on PC and 57% off on PS4? Free Weekend on PC and PlayStation 4!
"Why are you placing any faith in the official narrative, youve been given 0 reasons to do so and many not to and you still trust their word like its gold? They've been operating since late 2001. What happened in international - US political relations in late 2001?"
"I would prefer those 650 people didn't get a pay upgrade until they actually followed through on even their most basic promises they made to get into their position, then continued doing the actual jobs rather than lazing around and refusing to attend. There are like 650 MP's who get +11% Then there are 130,000 Police, 370,000 Nurses, and over 400,000 teachers who get 1%. The difference doesn't need to be explained beyond that. Try giving over 1 million people the same pay upgrade that 650 people get and see how much it costs. Does no one think at all? :S"
"I think that's more like, ""What is a chicken tractor with deep link on how to build a pretty crappy one."" How to Build a Chicken Tractor"
"Why do you keep him? ""Just because there's an explanation doesn't mean its excusable"" Perfect, now tell that to my boyfriend, who for some reason LOVES to refute the wage gap."
Idk my shiva hits for like 13k Espers are worthless to attack with. I can't even kill a simple mercury bat with my level 30 two star Ifrit. Why are they so pointless?
"It just clicked were getting jeriKO for me lol. He said Kevin Owens, You STUPID IDIOT."
"most foot bridges over highways are enclosed with chain link fence, pretty much no chance the flag could fall. That's grounds for not having sympathy for him, but doesn't really say much about the suit's chances. An overlarge flag could conceivably be accidentally dropped from an overpass, but the description of the flag in point 36 of the complaint does not include mention of its size nor does the ordinance make any size-based distinction. In any case, the tshirts mentioned in point 31 of the complaint would not appear to be droppable and in any case don't appear to be covered by the ordinance. There're clearly a lot of irrelevancies in the complaint itself and I wouldn't be in the least surprised if the complaint leaves out pertinent information. It'll be seen if the complaint is really about wanting to tie things to public overpasses or if it's actually about whether the Town of Campbell can demonstrate a compelling interest in regulating speech on its overpasses."
":( Oh man, I just realize if I die at 50 I am past my halfway mark. That's what I was thinking, too. In 70 years, I'll definitely be dead. 50 years is good, though."
"Chrysler owns Dodge, how come you're excluding them, as well as Jeep? And Dodge, since they are owned by Mercedes or Fiat, depending on the year. I doubt there are too many American owned Dodge vehicles left on the road."
At 10:39 probably a giant spider in hiding
Bang. My inner Space Cowboy got to me (Battered Old Jericho 941)
Oh man we are sitting at a comfortable 73 and sunny in Tucson today I had 25 degrees with a slight breeze!
I don't know of all the details but that sounds likely didn't nitro post that bc the hurricane passed him and he was safe?
*Omelette du fromage Omelette au fromage
"I was being sarcastic dood Chinese do. China sees VG as a way to save face at DAC. They are getting trounced, hell, even Hellraisers are doing well. All 5 western teams are top 10 in the tournament And if VG reaches the grand final it isn't a total humiliation. It's a TI 2 scenario. They get stomped but they do have a champion."
"CS:GROW This is pure awesomness, CS:GO is growing so fast!"
"Well they can argue with "" in 1.5-2 years 802.11 ac will be everywhere"" And then you say ""LOL who cares, next year this time your phone will turn into crap anyway"" That ""3x faster WiFi"" thing really pisses me off. I guarantee that the vast majority of people who buy this phone will not have a Wireless AC compatible router, and will not experience any change. Of course, that won't stop the placebo ""herp derp, my wifis are so fast now!"""
Somebody get this guy a medal! Only when I dress as a platypus.
"or technic, the ssp version. i believe he is in tekkit"
dear hell He loves a fat girl.
"Be kind, rewind! Make sure to rewind the tape before dropping it back."
Did you cry the whole time? I just lost my virginity. AMA! Bring em
Jayce? I can't even think of one champion that Essence Reaver is a good item on rofl.
"Helaas voor je zusje maar 'homo' als scheldwoord is wel beetje klaar tegenwoordig. Mijn zusje bedacht als kind *""Homofiele Kutkanarie""*."
You have to place it in the :mnt/Android/obb folder. groove coaster 2 apk Full songs Any idea how it works? i installed the obb file onto my sd card but nothing worked any ideas? thanks.
"There is currently a solo online mode (market data is online, but you don't encounter other players), and a solo offline mode is planned. I didn't realize Elite is a MMO. I enjoy multiplayer games but sometimes I just want to play by myself. Do you have to watch you back from other players? Can I play the whole game by myself if I want to or do I need other players to help me to finish certain quests/tasks?"
Well we now know how his last gf was R u ok mate?
"I could have sworn that Jason Varitek wore one. If baseball had captains (and assistant captains) like they do in hockey, who would wear the ""C"" &amp; ""A"" on your team?"
"Oh they tested it, they probably had the OCME come in to collect DNA samples off the poop (yes you can get human dna from poop) and if it was his/hers own poop they are now in the system. Maybe, they tested it."
"The CPC candidate would provide a lot more bullshit. The cow would do a better job, too!"
"Funny thing is, Mike Goodson (played at A&amp;M) had his offer revoked by Gundy for trying to force himself on a hostess a few years back. I feel like the most damming, interesting, and scandalous part will be the sex allegations. I can't wait to read it."
I tend to be Smooth
Isn't this cyano? Any idea what this is and how to treat?
"All these kids can do the whip and nay nay, but refuse to come inside when its time to pray pray. FWD: all I see nowadays is kids worshiping Kanye West and Justin Bieber instead of JESUS!"
"The key question they are asking: was the bottle later recycled? It's in Brighton, so it is the fault of the Green party council."
He sleep..He sleep DEY SLEEPIN NOW
"Seems to me like f0lkchild might be a townie (and I could totally be wrong), but you're right, find a townie! Find a townie. It probably won't be as good, but they'll have a lot more people to call."
"Maybe. Ivanka2024, folks!"
"True, this sub has been becoming increasingly immature and ""tumblr-y"" I mean. Idk people freak the fuck out when one joke gets posted so maybe this sub just can't handle anything other than the same 5 topics over again."
"""Free Speech Zones"" That's just freedom gas that is to be dispersed by the government when the people are forcibly volunteered to gather in designated liberty zones."
No prob! I just found a new subreddit. Thanks!!
"GBA installs to SD. Compatibility is often much higher with CIA install/VC emulation vs DSTwo emulation, with the exceptions of certain save types as well as usage of in-game clocks. I doubt there are any comparison charts, so determining which emulator is best for which game is mostly up to you. Also, GBA CIAs might install to NAND like DSiWare (I'm not 100% on that), which would limit the number of games you can install."
Chinese poker is largely solved yet people still play that online Will online poker die when computers beat humans? It doesn't seem entirely unreasonable to imagine that computers will become better than humans at 10-man no limit hold-em at some point in the not too distant future. Would this spell the end of online poker? Are you worried about this happening?
"Is that Silicon Valley the TV show or The Valley, the amateur film made by a young Peter Jackson? He's talking about Silicon Valley."
"It's 14 in one city in 3 months I think you need to educate yourself on hate crime statistics. 14 is a very small number indeed, if you compare it to hate crime against LGBT folks, or race-based hate crime. so yes, the Amricans are being very tolerant of Muslims. who are in turn are not very tolerant of the US, with 11% of them being pro-al-qaeda, sheesh."
calling a pile of shit something else doesn't change the fact that it is a pile of shit. Why haven't the Christian base of the GOP demand that the party be called the Christian GOP? Seems to me that the GOP's base is pretty weak in everything other than voting (I mean they are pandered to but so few policies enacted seem to reflect their priorites as a base. If I were them i would demand it.
"I guess I do have a cognitive bias when it comes to politics. You think so? I'd love to think they'll be out at the next election, but I doubt they will be. Sounds to me like the article was the BBC trying to be impartial and/or Cameron trying to be humble."
"Not only that, I think any police calls to his residence will take a bit longer to respond to. If I was an offensive lineman for the 49ers I would purposely let a defensive player go by and sack him"
"No dude if its a word in the dictionary it means that its a rare name, which of course makes the person better than everyone else Hate when they just choose some random adjective as RSN."
"It's some magical form of money like GAM where we can buy down players contracts to below DP level to free up a DP spot Real fast, what does TAM mean?"
"Why did you make an account 4 months ago and only comment on one sub? at least they showed up to speak, unlike Donald. why doesn't he have to worry?"
I have had a C70 for 2+ years now and have never once though of doing that. Hidden feature of the Corsair C70
"You could also play Talon and I find Katarina works well against her too Get a pink ward and Lissandra, Syndra or Vi. Suddenly she is not a threat anymore."
"It's like this in Panama too.. Colombian and Venezuelan prostitutes with fake asses galore.. however they are usually tested (in the actual brothels), and are gorgeous. Oh Brazil, where the asses are fake, but the STDs aren't."
The only limit is 1000 gamer score. I think the max achievements you can have for a base game is 49 achievements.
"#neverforgetcharizard Dankrupt and break up The complete sadness I feel when dankrupt and to compound that feeling I am gathering up my shit and gotta go. She made my life a living hell, and not being in the forest with my fellow ENTs makes it worse. I hope Charizard will accept me along side it in the broken lands. Maybe my mates will be cool when I arrive later. I understand the ENT sadness people have posted before really sucks. Hope you all had a better ent-mass then I did."
"Yeah man, fighter jets. Thanks , I'll look into Eobinson and eagle flight, hopefully I pick the right one! Ace combat?"
"I can can guarantee that was because of general mishandling instead of these useless things. Please name your company so I can not do business with them, thanks. Friend had an entire stack of computer monitors, roughly 30 to 50 of them, and almost all of them had to be returned because some idiot ignored these types of measure and stacked more than what they could handle. If I recall correctly, exactly half were busted and he refused the entire order, as he should."
And this is why I am pro-capitol punishment (I'm pro-abortion too). #WhiteLivesMatter -- Remembering Megan Boken
#SAVEGOATBOY'SEAR2016 Frisk Is Sick (by mapleck)
"Seriously, they seem to be allergic to any and all things fun. Typical British; the fun Police!"
ECH Jon if he was a football player
"Tribal council is going to be awesome... It's proof that the Republican Party completely failed. Their leading primary candidate is a leftist, nationalistic, authoritarian narcissist. Because he isn't a full blown Communist, he is considered ""rightwing."" It's pathetic. Republicans have been outplayed, outwitted and outlast for the past 100 years... besides a brief respite in the '80s."
Or we can admit we won the popular vote and realize the system really is rigged. It's not just her. There's a nasty tendency among a lot of Democrats to talk down to anyone who doesn't agree with our views. We need to admit that or else we will keep losing elections.
"Wait how does a .50 cal bullet automatically relate to war On the other hand, I brought a .50 caliber bullet for show and tell when I was about 11, and it was immediately confiscated and I couldn't get it back until school was over. This was 1993 or so."
It gets said I just wanted it to be said exactly like Mike Jones used to say his own number It comes in at the end
"It looks like you're making yer own point there matey, do ya want the floor for yourself to make a big rant about how the the alphabet IRA's have, since 1998, killed as many people as NATO forces did in Iraq? Who funded the RA, lad. And who is funding the Dissidents today? Stay on point ya boy ye."
it's impossible to understand from our 3D perspective I still don't get it. And probably never will.
"and Jesse Jackson, and OJ, and Rush. This is VERY true."
"My lies are better than your lies so i win. Russian Media Is Triumphant in Aleppo, As Palmyra Falls"
"Can't stump the Trump If she can't handle Bernie attacks, what make you think she can handle trumps? She's weak and pathetic."
"Sounds like that Doctor Who episode with the Krillatanes, however you spell that. When I hear the term render farms, I imagine thousands of Chinese children pounding away at keyboards in a large warehouse."
"The Afghani and Pakistani Taliban(TTP) are 2 separate organizations. Every single time the Pakistani military negotiated a ceasefire with the Taliban, they broke it, despite the fact that most of these ceasefires were written on favorable terms for the Taliban. The Taliban also have an extremist deobandi ideology and they consider themselves jihadists."
"....this is litteraly the point in his latest video Haha, yh he said the exact same thing in a video."
"I'm paying for everything it includes. The point is that you are paying for online, not for me games. The games are an extra nice thing they do."
"Damn, and I was about to brag about my 246 with Niflgaard The best Gwent hand I have ever played."
"We won 5-2 and got free chili! bro good luck on the chili i really hope you get some, tell me how it goes!"
I suppose 2am is as good of time as any for breakfast. It's Taco Bell man... it will be my new breakfast place!
So then they get that comment karma too Why can't you put the game in the title?
Woah there Guy Fuhreri Really? Because I think it goes into the oven at 616 degrees
"I don't know why you're being downvoted, you're right that what he's doing now ain't that grwat Stop smoking first of all. Second not eating leads your body into starvation mode which makes it store every ounce of fat you take in, so actually eating more should help. Focus on lean proteins and veggies. As for getting abs without doing cardio? Good freaking luck. Not only will cardio help undo some of the terrible things you're doing to your body by inhaling death, but its great for your mood and will help with the abs. Do calisthenics is mg suggeation: push ups, planks, pull ups, sit ups etc. A lot of stuff you can do at home and you don't really need to go to the gym for."
"""he chose to live as a man so that he might be accepted as a university student and able to pursue a career as a surgeon"" He wasn't intersex, calm yo tumblr tits. Not just about weight, it's common to get them during puberty (males and females). Some sort of hormones can affect the skin's ability to stretch to accommodate body changes. If he was intersex who knows what was happening with his hormones and body."
"Unjust laws need to be broken. For some reason, people think that if they don't want something to be illegal, it's a terrible cruel thing if someone gets arrested for it."
"That's not free, you twit The best way to get one of these for free is to buy a new handgun."
"From Montana I assume? Ugh, fire storm of 2001, makes me shudder thinking about it, terrible year......"
Too late. Could you not.
Just look at the comment/upvote ratio. Cant wait to see how many ungrateful fucks show up on this post and start bitching about how Microsoft is the anti christ
You must be behind in the times. If your a grown-ass man watching MLP theres something wrong with you.
"Pretty sure I've heard Sky gets packed the night of Christmas, never been though. Any Christmas Events in Auburn? My close friend is visiting me in Auburn. None of my Auburn friends are in town. So we want to know if there are any open-to-public Christmas events in Auburn tomorrow. We both are international students and non-christians."
"Probably a self-proclaimed [armchair] 'expert' who is a major in Religious Sciences but is a neckbeard stroking, fedora tipping lowlife shit in actuality. No? Sins do not make you a kaafir. Only committing shirk and disbelieving make you a kaafir. My god, what is with these supposed Islamic experts in this thread?"
-1001 win streak and 1001 hours I don't know what you mean by that.
Price to performance wise they blow Alienware out of the water. I've never heard of Lenovo. Time for me to do some research!
"Such a victim complex THE SAME LOGIC MOST OTHER PLAYERS DO? Oops, breaking the dumbass jerk DAE FLYERS GOONS LELELELE?"
"It's almost like Necro compliments other classes instead of being superpowered. This, as sad as it sounds even warrior condition damage pve build blows away necro. Necro's advantage is Epidemic which is sometimes kinda good, but against single target warrior and engineer embarrass them."
"One thing about WoW streams is that it seems like they are a bit more relaxed and there is more downtime, so Chance watches videos and opens pictures or responds to chat/donations more which can be fun. When you play random games the stream tends to be more entertaining but its nice to watch you play WoW and just talk/chill sometimes. Playthroughs are usually hit or miss depending on the game and whether or not I have the time to sit through the entire thing. I'll usually just leave if I come in during the middle of a playthrough because I'll have no clue whats going on and you tend to talk a lot less during them."
"The yearbook from 16 years ago would be the most likely place to find confirmation of a JV team; that is the yearbook being referred to, not a current one, in case that is what you thought. How can a yearbook confirm 16 years later if there was not a JV team?"
"At the same time, many Browns fans know that they're better off keeping him than almost certainly squandering those picks, as is tradition in Cleveland. I know he is solid and one of the best. But I don't watch you guys enough to know just how much he has left in the tank. We in Bronco land aren't sure he'd be worth a 1st and 2nd round pick. Would that have made football sense to Browns fans even though you guys like him?"
Thanks Hombre Happy birthday man!
"It's like saying 'if gennady golovkin beats this high schooler without using his right arm, that will make him the greatest fighter of all time' What are you talking about?"
"We must not be watching the same Ed Show... because all I see is him rightly calling into question the random theory of Zimmerman's ""friend"" that he said ""goon"" instead of ""coon"" and the desire of many people to blame the unarmed kid that died for his own death... Never has there been a more slanted, one sided bit of propoganda than tonight's Ed Show! Ed is FURIOUS that new facts are coming out in the Trayvon Martin case, and they don't follow the MSNCB narrative of this being a ""Racial"" Issue! MSNBC's the ""The Ed Show"" tonight is a shameful example of Left wing slant. The facts are starting to come out, and Ed Shultz is furious. He doesn't like Zimmerman's friend Joe Oliver, who came out today and put facts to certain assumptions that are being made. Fact 1: Zimmerman is a Latino, who Oliver calls multi-cultural. So Ed has called into question his credibility, even suggesting that Oliver, an African American, is ""Racist"". Fact 2: Zimmerman was injured the night of the incident. It seems to back up the claim by Zimmerman that he was attacked and may have suffered a broken nose. Ed dismisses this as ""Propganda"" put out by Zimmerman's camp. Now I am not saying that we have seen ALL the facts here, but we should wait for the facts, not make half-wit assumptions and stir the pot of discontent as a shameful Ed Shultz did this evening."
"Meanwhile, sHillary's still on the loose. *facepalm* Oh Jill, you stupid bitch ...."
Good argument. And many more would say we don't give a shit about your half assed ideal view of how society could be.
"I mean it's a bad game but I've been incredibly entertained ITT: Endless amounts of people whining about how ""boring"" this game is, instead of going and doing literally anything else"
"My question is, why did they leave out a huge plot point that makes much more sense than just offering Dany 1000 ships? He was so cool in his first scene. ""From Oldtown to Qarth, when men see my sails, they pray...I am the storm."" He had menace and an insane tension that reminded me of Viking's Ragnar Lothbrok. But in this last episode he was pretty crappy, ""...I'll seduce her with my big cock."" Lame writing and bad delivery, not that there's any way to deliver that line well. It's on par with the Sand Snakes' bad pussy line. Travis Fimmel should have played Euron."
"So, what's a dildo do? Campaign Against Sex Robots warns of danger to women and children. A UK academic is campaigning against sex robots, arguing they are dehumanising, isolating and will encourage people to consider women as property."
But how? This is just a single bear
"Bard! Gonna do this! Wich support should i pick though, there al sooooo fun! Thresh? Leona? Nami? Soraka? Shen? Well, ive played over 150 thresh games already, might not pick him, since he alreaady got that target. So the others are left. Help me decide :D Silver 3 atm"
About the same effort is put into the action vs the script for both. Just Cause is the game version of Michael Bay movies
"Tampons and pads as well. socks, underwear, toothbrush, deodorant, re-usable water bottle, advil, bandaids, and then a few non-perishables."
"\#notallvaginas Not everyone with a vagina has a menstrual cycle, shitlord."
Wow you really ARE a shit enthusiast! One order coming right up for you!
It takes a bit to get used to just remeber there was no malicious intent behind it. I was nearly in tears... Every one is so - combative- no one backs down. I apologise to a kerb if I trip up. It's terrifying...
Don't forget that they fucking killed Data. Never forget...
Are they the ones with Kevin Durant? Seattle super sonics?
"My parents answering a question and when I asked them how they knew it they said ""Cause I know EVERYTHING"" ... I'm 17 and now IM the one teaching them most of the facts they know haha What bullshit did you see through as a kid?"
payday 2 of course What video game had the best soundtrack? ??
"They shouldn't have too, they already live there. He said naive, not native. The native people didn't buy."
We did it reddit! We can close this thread now.
"""...for someone to see that cute ANIMAL named..."" Did you read the article? Planet and solar system names stay. The only discoveries wiped are plants, animals, and waypoints."
Nope. Did the cure fix it?
Honestly I have not seen a gold farmer message or gotten a tell in EQ since I came back last year... how is that possible? where do all the Chinese gold farmers come from then???
Alabama does Phil Steele Preseason AP top 10 (or 11): (1) Bama (2) Clemson (3) Oklahoma (4) FSU (5) LSU (6) Ohio State (7) Michigan (8) Baylor (9) Stanford (10) Tennessee (11) ND
Dignitas vs Spirit - Spirit EnVyUs vs Immortals - EnVyUs FaZe Clan vs Cloud9 - C9 :( CLG vs Vega Squadron - Vega NIP vs Renegades - Renegades OpTic Gaming vs Tyloo - Tyloo Mouzsports vs HellRaisers - HR G2 vs GODSENT - Homesent Major Qualifier Round 1 Predictions Thread I decided to create this thread so that everyone can share their predictions and discuss the Major Qualifier. My Predictions go as follows Dignitas vs Spirit - Dignitas EnVyUs vs Immortals - EnVyUs FaZe Clan vs Cloud9 - FaZe CLG vs Vega Squadron - CLG NIP vs Renegades - Renegades (I have hope) OpTic Gaming vs Tyloo - OpTic Gaming Mouzsports vs HellRaisers - Mouz G2 vs GODSENT - G2 Please share your own **opinion** and cheer for your favourites.
"My day is quite similar to yours, although you missed: 11:00 - 11:30 - Cry, because deep down you are not the person you portray Typical day for me: 8:30-9:00 - Drink a cup of the blood of the innocent out of a chalice made of a human skull, no foam 9:00-10:00 - Decimate middle class families' savings with risky investments 10:00-1100 - Phone call with government officials to get favourable legislation that exploits the poor 11:00-12:00 - Verbally abuse my assistant to give myself a sense of power 12:00-1:00 - Light lunch 1:00-2:00 - Round up trembling interns and hunt them for sport 2:00-3:00 - Wear robes and perform ancient incantations that ensure the dominance of evil over good 3:00-3:45 - Squash 3:45-5:00 - Assign impossible tasks to underlings that will keep them at the office so they never see their families 5:00-6:00 - Count piles of money at my desk 6:00-7:00 - Aggressively weave through traffic with my luxury car from a brand you're too poor to even know exists 7:00-8:00 - Dine on an exquisite meal prepared by my chef, whom I berate regardless 8:00-9:00 - Catch up on Modern Family 9:00-11:00 - Count piles of money at my home office while laughing maniacally 11:30 - Close my eyes, but never truly sleep"
CHICKEN WING A
I play video games because real life is boring. Game logic.
Who is this? Holding those jugs
You mean in the circle cutout? Can I mount this Corsair H80i like this?
Unfortunately lil Wayne has lost his edge and isn't as good as he was before he got off his lil red cup. Not sure what you mean but Lil Wayne is one of the all time greats in Hip Hop.
"You know, it's really creepy how you follow around Netscape and just repeat the same thing over and over. Do you think it's ethical to misrepresent and distort things?"
"Full zerk loot stick guard is what myself and my guildies did. I never really did dungeons, but... what professions are good for that CoF farm? What kind of build should I go with or just pure damage everything down and that's it? I really don't know what to do to farm CoF and I'm quite afraid of pugs and people overall :I"
thy wish hath been granted LeBron is kinda fucking up here. He needs to find an open man.
*turd polishing* B.C. civil forfeiture grants aim to turn ill-gotten gains into good
but... I don't have any friends ;-; funny video. we all have that one friend
"He must be younger than 34 or older than 44, otherwise you can probably go either way with his age. As a rough estimate, how old is Martin Septim in 3E 433? I'm going to start writing something tomorrow to do with Gemile and Uriel Septim VII, and I might need to know roughly Martin's age. I'm thinking mid-twenties/early thirties, but I'd like your input if possible."
"Who's the daddy? Same here, except 6 kids and none of them has red hair. I can't figure why because 23andMe says I am heterozygous and my mom's grandmother had red hair. So maybe it's just the 2 percent chance that none of them inherited that copy from me, or maybe there's some other factor at work."
Let's just hope they smash the state this time instead of joining it. Catalonia 2.0 ?
"Same, over 30 million received from hackers and even random money bags, not a single ban or interaction with Rockstar Thank you."
"I'm glad I'm not the only one. Fuck, I don't get this...."
"Ah yes, which gives you even more credibility! People like me ? I never played the fucking game in my life"
Shouldn't cheat on a qualifier and ruin a legit team's chance at making the major TORMENT player bRAiNiAC getting DDOS'd: calls out ShahZaM and OpTiC for unprofessionalism
Is this what they talk about on ted nowadays? This is what happens when you reply to spam email - TED
"""Fuck my shit up fam"" How do you do your hair? What do you tell the barber to do with it? I'm a guy and I'm looking for cool hairstyles because I need a new one. How do i tell the barber to cut it? The aim of this thread is to be a discussion/advice type of thing, so feel free to contribute either, or both!"
"At $150 per kWh, a shit load, California, Australia, Hawaii combined would be enough for half of the GF output. Which also isn't clear if how much demand there will be."
"Patty Mills would be a sweet backup PG . Better free agents signing with us next offseason? With the way Luke has turned this team around, I can imagine much higher quality free agents signing with us next season. The fact that our young core is the only team in the league with a 0.500 record and has no all star player is a clear indicator that Luke's system is probably as good as it gets. If we got Mozgov, Deng, and Calderon with our 17 win finish, just imagine the talent we will attract next season...IN LUKE WE TRUST Btw, any idea which FAs are well-known for next season?"
same Hello
"State atheism isnt what I support, rather that the vectors which perpetuate religion should be understood and then hopefully they would become less virulent. I'm not religious. I'm just saying that the world would be more functional by encouraging moderate religious interpretations. People don't understand that pushing atheism on the religious only reinforces their religion. State atheism has failed in all the ex-state atheist countries except for Albania. I wish that it would work, but it just doesn't. If we want a peaceful world we should redefine the religions themselves rather than try to get rid of them entirely."
"awesome giveaway You guys have helped Corsair ship over 10 million Power Supplies. As thank you, we're giving a limited edition RM1000i away for free! (details in comments)"
"""they must be on taller than this "" Pop'e in da house"
"I dont notice much delay in either tbh, maybe you should try again when dota2 gets launched officially :) Can't stand the input delay unfortunately"
Good thing you waited to wash up until after you informed reddit. I actually just washed my face.
This all just a ploy to distract us from the real controversy: Jakie boy is intolerant to wheat. Tardy Carlisle continues rocky start at Saints
"Well, there are still people alive who experienced hyper inflation. Germans of Reddit: why do so many Germans prefer cash over credit/debit cards? Are salaries paid in cash or is something else going on?"
Go to your room! What is considered punishment as a child but a reward as an adult?
"Did you read? Dude, you went from the need to check on your child while they watch a movie to parental neglect. You don't have to spend every waking moment with your kid and they'll still turn out just fine."
"This needs to make it to the top of r/all so the afterberners see it Confirmed: CNN's Donna Brazile helped Hillary Clinton cheat in primary debate against Bernie Sanders. New evidence shows Brazile sent ""exact wording"" of proposed debate question to camp Hillary"
"Yeah, but in our ""Bible Belt"" the people don't try to lynch you for writing ""man love rules ok"" on your truck. I live in Europe. Guess what, we also have Bible Belts."
"I'm not keen on Boucher because of how he left Tampa (and got fired from the team he was coaching in Europe this season) Personally I'd rather the coach with NHL experience, but Groulx would make me mega happy as well"
Ha! We should do the same to your mouth
"Make it a sob story if its true how much does upward trend matter? gpa on lower end, but a strong trend with last year and a half all a's ( including post bacc) ...gpa low due to family circumstance. how would i explain that w/o making it a sob story?"
Looks like he got a whole mouthful of treble Are we doing sunfish now? I think this one is called a Long Ear.
"Ur one of the best players on all servers and the dias hoh was one of the hardest, so i don't expect light one to be easy either Granted magic knight hoh was easy, but I farmed 41 magic knights. I stopped when I had about 14 hours left"
Sarah is a pretty cool girl A friend ran into young Obama
"I'm expecting it to be BIG, but I don't think think it'll Ben teased for a while. What do you guys think of the upcoming grand finale? Just wanna hear your thoughts. I feel like it's gonna be huge."
Isn't that what they'd want you to think my friend gerald told me that the people working on TITAN and majority of people working on WOD were moved to this new expansion even before WOD came live. if that's true i only hope we are in for some special and not the failed abortion that is WOD
"If a system needs to ""try and be explained"" then it's already failing Trying to explain the Browns new power structure in the front office I know a lot of people are upset about the news tonight, so I'll try to maybe talk some of you guys off the ledge a little. I try to be optimistic about the Browns even though things never look to good, so maybe my thoughts on this includes a little too much wishful thinking, but hopefully it will work out. The most important thing here is to forget labels. Your traditional role of GM is not what our GM is going to do. Let's start with Sashi Brown. He's called the Exectutive VP of Football Operations, but he's basically our ""GM"". He will have final say over the 53 man roster and will be involved in personnel decisions The mystery GM is basically our wildcat QB. He's a GM but not really. He'll be in charge of scouting and drafting, but will have a say in roster decisions but not the final decision. Basically he's like the 2nd in command in the organization. This is what I got from the Haslem presser, hopefully things work out in Cleveland. It definitely is an interesting setup"
lol that's why I buy effects...for the discussions! most likely yes!! i saw it very recently for that price and decided to pick it up for the collection. its a really cool discussion piece.
Looks like they got it It's directly embedded into the website. Your best chance is to get it from Rob or Nisovin.
"Careless Whisper, the Jazz part. What are some songs that almost everybody has heard and will recognize but may not know the name?"
Can you say why he was killed? I can say with 95% certainty he wasn't killed for being Muhajir.
Honestly the lvl 9s don't bother me too much but I recently tried to work on using less trees as the villager and I consistently get rekt Level 9 Pikachu strikes again
"Just be laid back. If you go to a party and dont expect to get laid, you'll have a much better time."
"""We've upgraded the security system, not to prevent break-*ins* you understand..."" They also have ET and a few other things from the Atari landfil."
"Fair enough... If you think eating a chili dog, and a soda, or having hash browns for breakfast is ""setting her up for some seriously unhealthy habits down the road"" then I think we just have to agree to disagree... Also, it seems like thanksgiving at your house would be depressing. The 1200 calories is already accounting for the activity though, so this would be an extra several hours of excersize to make up for two days of overeating, these things do add up quickly and excersize doesn't always cut it. And honestly, yes if it was rice and hasbrowns I'd have just as much of a problem. For one thing, there is zero protein in either of those things, and for another, a child doesn't really need to be eating a full cup of rice or an entire potato for breakfast. I'm not OP, but I do think that the food being given to her daughter is innapropriate, and possibly setting her up for some seriously unhealthy habits down the road."
"I think I get it... I buy something, and then I hope that I can pay for it, right? If you can't afford it then don't buy it."
Shots fired I trained with 1 DeMott sized DeMott and that is probably worse than either those options.
"it's ok, heroes can't do everything in life i can't take control of my life"
Wes Anderson would have had the feather land directly center. What 'Forrest Gump' would look like as a Wes Anderson movie
Excellent! The first openly Pastafarian politician sworn in to office....wearing a strainer on his head.
I figured the same thing. I think it is a little early to know what his actions spring from.
I made a separate reply I'm on Alien Blue sorry hahaha. I'll check when I can get to my computer again.
Damn right. Sydney usually have 10% more stars than any team in the AFL. I don't think there's any club in AFL history that has poached as many big name forwards as Sydney have.
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com)? It doesn't seem like he has [Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com).
This is not a museum and I'd be surprised if it qualified for your internship. Museum of the Weird Hey Austin! I'm a grad student in museum studies and I have a job offer from the museum of the weird in downtown Austin. I wanted to ask how legit this place seemed and if it would be a good place to work. Thanks!
Usually part of the barrel. But feed ramps aren't....
"Still a leg up on Anakin. Shit, I've run out of hands!"
"They're talking about Keystone XL, which is neither built nor in operation. Wat. Considering it's already in operation, the Keystone pipeline is about as confirmed as it can possibly get."
meanwhile im on the phone to DHL hoping to convince them for one more chance at delivery before they send my gfs christmas present back to the manufacturer after I waited 6 weeks for delivery The postie we all need.
Just like me. This man deserves gold.
"Am now put off ever using airbnb as a single female traveller... Sexbot enthusiasts are appalled that women can get off without ""the warm body of a man to kiss, touch, caress and embrace them."""
"I bet OP has dial up internet, that would explain how this is breaking news to him. I don't understand, this was all over the news and has already been to the top of the sub and back in a 2 day time span, but people still post it. What are you expecting? It's been posted at least 15 times"
Don't play with my hopes and dreams! This survey could be used to generate more information on our player base for future titles as well. Let's keep things in perspective. :)
Koosta is the NA hope Koosta with insane movement against Cloud9
"Dangermuffin. As a fan of the Grateful Dead, what are some of your OTHER favorite bands? Any most importantly: why? Thanks! Looking forward to learning about some new music."
"I understand this, but what SHOULD somebody do? Trying to tell a depressed person to ""cheer up"" that ""everything will be ok"" I get it, its a nice gesture and depressed people appreciate you guys trying to make us feel better, we really do :) Its just not as easy as ""bucking up and looking on the bright side of things"" though. It has to run its course."
Obviously in the tiny offshoot one it happens to include the topic of. But the funniest conspiracies are the ones that span over every aspect of society and life where do these go?
Welcome to Reddit. Not a single person with an actual explanation? I'm a little disappointed....
"Spring, SpringWeb, something like that. What are you going to call yourself for PoGo? I do not know if I should use my real name to save me some headache, or use up 5mins of my life trying to come up with a cool name no one else has. So which name will you guys &amp; gals be using, real name? Made up name? name of your favorite Pokemon with 2-3 digits at the end, Pikachu92."
I have an electric skillet OP can have although it may cost more to ship it than it's worth. Could you invest in a electrical cooktop? What about a grill?
"and they be getting down with no delay So what you're saying is, they're just 3 MC's and 1 DJ?"
Clinton's entire campaign is attack ads so don't hold your breath. Did they even mention a single reason why I should vote for clinton aside from the hulks dong?
"thanks guy final question, morris or west in the flex? Yeldon. Best match up, and he won't be splitting carries with anyone."
Federal funds for the bill would be sourced from a new tax that Sanders referred to as a Wall Street speculation fee to be imposed on Wall Street investment firms and hedge funds. An interesting proposal. How is it going to be funded again?
Child protective services. CPS?
"Basically yes. So what youre saying is, people around you got fooled by fake news?"
"That happened. Was taking a crap in a Denny's early one morning when a drunk came in and started peeing on the partition and splashing my shoes with his urine. I said, ""Hey man, you're peeing on my shoes. Move to the left."" He replied, ""Fuck you."" I told him, ""That was the wrong thing to say."" as I got up off the toilet, pulled my pants up, came out of the stall and proceeded to beat the shit out of the guy. I wiped his face in the pee on the floor as he cried. ""How's that now?"" I asked him. I gave him a swift kick in the head and came out of the bathroom patting myself down and checking too see if I got anything on me. When i looked up, the whole restaurant was staring at me. I said, ""That guy pee'd on my shoes."" At that announcement the waitress cried out, ""Oh, Billy."", (Or what-ever him name was), and ran past me to check on him as he moaned on the floor. I quickly made a bee line for the exit and never looked back."
"Lol, $1 million is peanuts Should it be normal, though? Being able to write off something like that disincentivize changes to a business's or person's actions to not do that crap, since they settled for a fraction of what a negative ruling would have cost and can write off the whole thing. First ~$1 million should be able to be written off, to help small businesses and such, the rest should not be able to bring down taxable income."
I can't wait for **Pizzagate** to come out Massive paedophile ring uncovered by police in Norway after arrest of 51 men
"Oh, if you don't need a port in the cap, there's always this.. BioLogic Reecharge Dynamo Kit Amazon carries that for about $30 with shipping. Fair enough. :)"
"Is it alright for me to post my 18yo gf here? Ok so I've been working really hard to grow this subreddit and I'm doing most of it by myself. I've been really busy with school lately and tbh my anxiety has been really bad. But we're growing, slowly. I've gotten a lot of asks from people asking how they can help and basically there are three ways: 1. If you're an 18 year old woman, post pics here. Post lots of them. The more content the better. 2. If you're a fan, ask girls who meet the criteria that post in other gw subs of they will post here. I ask all the time, but I think it's better coming from fans who AREN'T mods. 3. Tell all your horny friends on reddit and irl to come subscribe and upvote."
"@mijaprk is good for palewave fits give me some ig accounts to follow recently decided to start using ig after a while and i realized i follow close to 0 good accounts. comment some accounts (about streetwear or anything relating to it preferably) to follow, big or personal idc"
Short Hair + Big Boobs = Perfect Combination Love playing with them
High stick to the face early in the first period Did Pulks get a bloody nose or something?
Just for one game until they get embarrassed again. We're really gonna watch the Texans in the playoffs again aren't we
Where were YOU when giancarlo came back to life and started stroking massive dongs again Lord Stanton Continues his Baseball Genocide
dude you were featured on bad history i'm 107% sure that i'm 107% sure
"As a necron, get off my tomb world. Uhm, dude, I don't want to sound rude or anything but us shapeshifting reptiles have been around for longer and we'd like to reclaim our world kthx"
Which country is this? A scooter drifted into the side of a truck and was run over.
"Yeah, but you know, if the Govt really wants to bury her, as she rightfully should be, they could just strangle the funding she receives. Travel ban on Greenpeace activist Priya Pillai removed by court"
what is your region? Sonya has very good voice in my region's localisation. I really like how often sh e speech. Dont like her english voice.
"Andrei, you've lost another submarine? Yes! if they can not keep track of where the snowplows are in Moscow airport, how the fuck can they swear they know their planes and submarines are at all times?"
"I'd be hard to have fidelity in the hair and keep the rest of the game working well on the diverse GPU,CPU platforms this has to run on. This engine produced the most beautiful graphics I've seen in quite a while, shame Chewie doesn't really partake in that :/"
"If you endorse someone who stands for everything you are against, and use that endorsement to try to get them elected, how is that not betraying your ideals? She likely didn't endorse Bernie because she didn't think it would help him (if you listen to Warren, you were already voting for Sanders) and because she didn't want progressives to put all of their eggs in one basket. If Sanders isn't elected, which seems to be the case, she can still influence the Democrats from inside the Party. That's how it has worked; Bernie pushing from outside the party, and Warren pulling from within. She may have made a strategic mistake, but I hate seeing so many on this sub calling her a fraud and a traitor (not necessarily you). Her track record shows that's clearly not the case."
"He can only tie her this season by making it to day 99 (last day, final 3). I'll be horrified if he beats Janelle"
Actually London is ;) Cali is the center of the world according to foreigners.
This is in reference to the poem theory. what is this? some kind of anagram? if you could add some more information that would be great as its hard to know what your referring to
That this is completely legit is the reason you know politicians are bribed up the wazoo. And why would the United States NOT heavily tax this? Because big business pays for the votes to avoid import taxes on American goods shipped out for process.
A 4k gold lead is not that huge please....not a chance with that huge of a lead.
Goodell. What's the worst thing about football?
"Because they might reject Trump's agenda too? They did nothing, because their constituents rejected Obama's agenda. Obama is done, so why would they reject Trump's?"
'twas a joke but fine whatever piss on my parade you no good parade pisser He didn't write that article
"your flair is amazing &lt;3 My dad said that ""the only difference between Jason and Russell is that Jason is an even shittier person""."
"Yeah, but sometimes that weird kid keeps trying to show you his dick and implying he's a great guy if you gave him a shot. Ive been subscribed to that for a while, and a lot of the time the poster has a creepy pm. But sometimes they can be just plain rude to the poor creeps. Its like making fun of the weird kid at school."
Gany's Nether. Which mod adds this?
"Why not, PERL is still a thing too. is php still a thing ?"
"NY or SFO or PDX Looking to spend ~$1,000 on a 5 night trip in June. Where should I go? Details inside. I was thinking Puerto Rico. Round trip tickets are about $430 for me and I would stay in hostels. Any other ideas are appreciated as I am not completely sold on PR yet until I see what my other options are. I love to hike and explore and I would prefer somewhere with beaches but it isn't completely necessary. Thanks !!"
Yeah local supplier which was the route I should have gone in the first place and I just badmouth their site as much as possible now in hopes nobody else will end up with mismatched shoes! pretty cool. what did you do in the end? did you buy a different pair from somewhere else?
"In Australia we say ""Christ on a cracker"". I'm not a native speaker of English, but I'm in an international marriage, so we talk English quite a bit. ""**Christ on a stick**"" is one of my favorite expressions. I don't remember where I got it from."
"Complain complain complain. It's ok, once Perry comes back the offense will get going again. Wait...."
Looks like I need to stop by out of the loop. Not like the cheaters are any better and they've won 4 now.
"I love this comment because when I first heard ""little lion man"" in 2010 I said ""British Avett Brothers"" to describe them to a friend. Mumford &amp; Sons released Wilder Mind last year and I really had a folk/rock/bluegrass hole in my music library after their sound has changed. I watched their NPR tiny desk concert on YouTube and was hooked!"
The Benifits of that is nothing compared to the Benifits to them of unlimited cheap labour and the ability to lobby a single government instead of 28 individual ones. Presumably because leaving the EU would provoke an era of de-regulation in the UK?
"Always the FreedomCase to improve the kickstand options :) Noted, thanks! I don't think the battery life will be a real problem for me, I'm more concerned about the kickstand."
SHAME How does the subreddit feel about Mike Glennon? I declare war on this subreddit. Kneel before the ginger giraffe. Kneel before him.
"Well Alaska and Bianca were the worst performers in their respective music videos, should they have gone home? Never know. If They do terrible they deserve to go. That's my opinion"
"I mean the ""G"" is backwards and there is only one ""L"" but I see it now. Have you seen the old Disney logo? With their font it makes perfect sense."
"hnnnnnnnng BUTLER, GA - 8 FREE Half Golden Retriever puppies 2+ months old need new homes. message for contact info"
"Except even that's still borken nah, I think the community fixes mean stuff like playlists and customization, I imagine the focus is fixing MM as much as possible."
"Unless the website they're purchasing from shares that information, more than likely not. When someone makes a purchase with your affiliate link, what is the best way to find out their name and email address?? What is the best way to find out someone full name and email address once they have made a purchase with your affiliate link?? Are there any Software services that can set this up/provide this?"
"Not furries, musclebeasts. we need more furries for that."
"Good, just don't use BMI Massachusetts schools are sending parents ""fat letters"" telling them their kids are obese."
When we became the 76ers. When did the Wizards become Golden State?
"Solo MM, Various Electronica tracks, Team MM is always my mellow list like Grateful Dead, The Band, Warren Zevon, etc. What Music do You Listen to When You Play? I usually pull up Pandora and listen to the MF Doom channel! Hbu?"
Depends what you want to use it for. Most useful shiny ever?
That will just look like a *slightly* less creepier version of the KKK There should be a clan of people who just dress up as fij on halloween
"Religion is just a backstop for his immense ego. No, unfortunately just the opppsite. He is a smart, patient, snake in the grass."
I think Rand Paul would compete for that title.. Ted Cruz is the single best campaign tactic that the democrats have ever come up with.
"Gotcha, maybe I'll try to get a few. Depends on your behaviour vs what they like/don't like. I unlock every lock I come across, hack every turret/protectron and generally choose the good options in dialogue so it took about an hour or so of game play to befriend Deacon to to point where I have his perk. However I also steal every that isn't nailed down so it might take considerably longer for someone like Nick."
"""If I close my eyes, shake my head, and scream 'Brietbart' loud enough I don't have to listen to the overwhelming historical and polling data that shows that America's most annoying racist has already lost the election for himself."" r/The_Donald redoubles their efforts to hiding from any media that doesn't reinforce their confirmation bias."
"it's not proof but it's suspicious as fuck Sorry, that's not proof."
Cutting down .223 for 300BLK. Muzzleloader?
"Just about any martial arts class will tell you that the best self-defense is to avoid a fight at all costs. I'm sorry, but that's just a load of bullshit. Cowardly is still cowardly regardless of gender. You can believe all you want about differences in the sexes, but Samuel Colt made the genders equal over a hundred years ago. It's not hard to find a spot to learn martial arts these days thankfully or a decent women's self defense course for relatively inexpensive prices. It's not a justification to be a shitty person."
"Post removed, read the rules. Pay Pal iPhone 5c, 5s, or 6 for AT&amp;T!!"
"I think he's actually like DONE, he said at the beginning of the season he was willing to put in one more year to see if things would work out for him. I hope that would happen. Although most of the people in the community will say its bad idea since Seraph is in the team. It's reasonable but I think Link might be in hiatus mode."
I thought they were for training up to fight majin buu pretty sure thats the point of hyperbolic statements
My $6 bid was a little short Chuck Noll West $66.
"The exact opposite really, Iraq is a fake country after all. Shi'ite Leader: Division of Iraq Will Lead to Bloodshed"
You realize the percentage of pledged delegates bernie for majority needs keeps going up? That's a lot of confidence for a woman who has not been able to catch a break these last couple of weeks.
leinaDcM ygrenE naujaD m'I I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N N E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E E R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N R G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E G Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R Y M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G M C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y C D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M D A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C A N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D N I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A I E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N E L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I L I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E I M D A J U A N E N E R G Y M C D A N I E L
"It does seem they're more likely to nominate pokemon if they're favorited, so that's something. They should implement a feature to have you select your favorite starting 6 pokemon for battle."
"It's not showing acceleration or anything, it's just the count up for novel reasons. This is dumb, but why does the speed increase? The ball should only accelerate while touching the players foot reaching a maximum velocity immediately after and slowing down because of wind resistance as it travels. Anyone have an explaination?"
"$100% true Magnus Carlsen anarchy chess quote Is that a real quote? does anyone have a source? ""If it's not on r/anarchychess it's not funny"" that's the quote in question.. thank you."
Too bad Serbia no into football Too busy remove kebab... Pls no resist! Will be gentle!
"Lyrical genius. ""She got a big booty so i call her big booty"" -2Chainz. Brought a tear to my eye."
"No you could burn the whole house down. Is it safe to leave a turkey in a brine in ice water over night? So, a little context to this. The fridge at my mothers house isn't large enough to store a turkey, so my mother purchased a large bin, wrapped the turkey in a sealed bag with its brine, and is soaking the bag (with the turkey in it) in a pitcher of sorts, and to keep it cool she is using ice water. My question is, is this a safe thing to do? I mean, regardless of whether it is or not i guess she doesn't really have any recourse since the fridge isn't large enough to store the turkey. is there anything i can do to keep it safe over night?"
is 54.58% farm factor bad? New stats site
"They have unique interpretations for every other phrase and word... I guess you just found another one ! This was the first thing I said to her. She said, ""That's not what superstitious."" Face palm."
n0ice I'm bored and I want to reply to everthing
"I'm sure the technology is there, there are eye glasses that protect from lasers because booths would prevent lasers?"
"So if I don't have a sports pass, I can use a friends if I have my student id and his pass? You can also give them a friends sports pass and they can swipe you in with that so long as you show them your student ID"
Or just fuse it all together into Webcomic: the Webcomic. XKCDAdventures (XKCDA)? Maybe we can throw paradox space and dinosaur comics in there to make ParadoXKwantzCDAdventures (PXKCDA)
My rifles except my hunting 22 are scopeless because I was desperate for cash. If you want to be salty.... my Kahles 624i is actually on a small frame AR
What the actual fuck. 0 fucks given.
What women do when they find out you've been cheating. An alligator snapping turtle enjoying a watermelon
"especially because new profiles get shown to people a lot more than old profiles, so there'd be a much higher chance of him seeing her first. Yeah...if her husband found her first he could just take his profile down asap and she would be on there for ages looking for him."
"You way of thinking is really strange... stattrak counts =/= applied stickers. I got this thought because they allow you to transfer stattrak counts now, so i can see them letting you transfer stickers at some point too."
Random question but what is the story of how Will got on the show? SEG has boats that patrol and maintain a perimeter around the filming location.
"ok Well some people are just assholes, looks like you are one of them?"
And the USMC hasn't lit the mob up like a fucking Christmas tree why? Witnesses say an armed mob has attacked the US consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi and set fire to the building in what they say was a protest at a film deemed offensive to Islam's Prophet Muhammad.
For Maine it is playing on Fox 22 (channel 4 for the Bangor Time Warner cable set). Pats-Saints preaseason game tomorrow - Won't be aired primetime - where can I watch it? Any good suggestions? I heard frontrowsports is a good one but are there any others? I don't know for certain it will even be on that.
"You do know you can have a competent, strong, effective leader who isn't rotten and corrupt to the core right? Why? Seriously? She's a respected leader across the world AND in the US. She has been in politics long enough to strong arm others. It's weird that people want a leader who plays nice. I want a leader who doesn't give a shit and plays hard. Have you seen the bullshit the GOP has put forward over the last 8 years? Obama played nice. I'm done with nice. I want a leader who has nothing left to lose and will kick ass and take names."
54321.321ljlkjhgb GIVE ME AN ORANGE ENVELOPE DAMMIT
This generation's Blade Runner will be Blade Runner 2049. MMW I-Robot will be remade within the next 5 years and this time they will do it right It will be a mind-bender on the level of Inception and will stick close the the source material. It will be regarded as this generation's Blade Runner
"Yeah, I didn't realize telling the truth is apparently a dick move. Or they could not lie about themselves there is also that"
"Amazing work men, any time i see this type of buildings i think ""I should definitely do something like that"" but i end just farming and building cellar rooms for the npcs Death Star base"
"If you don't know how to code, how do you even know your ETH are a good investment? because I do not know how to code. However I will display the address once I have it back for my cold storage"
It's ok to say shit on the internet And he gave it back? WTF! Why doesn't $hit like that happen to me?
"He's been sublime so far, really surprised me.. I might love otamendi"
That dude puts the gay in Gaelen. You wanna be careful admitting to fucking Gaelen.
"Yeah; if they were more human you could shove them into Targon somehow or do a Demacian/Noxian split with Morgana ""going to the dark side"" but I don't think that'd work too well; the two of them dont need to necessarily stay as from an alternate dimension but at least from a weird inhuman race (Runeterran angels with Morgana corrupted by SOMETHING) I feel like, of all the champs that have lost their ""from another dimension"" aspect that these two NEED to keep it because it's really the only way to keep them the same."
"I still do this. That's true. When in was younger I would vote for all the Cubs players for the national league team, and all the worst players I could think of for the AL team"
Just Dreamhack friendo. Thorin is autistic. What else is new? At least his fat fuck friend is banned from Valve events now so that's something :')
Eyes not trippy enough. Roommate and I are taking turns with the white board drawings. What do you think of this one?
"You don't buy voice packs for specific skins.. You buy the vp for a specific god, and sub sequentially get the vp for all of that god's skins. Which VGS pack should I buy?"
In any of the several uppers without a FA? What use is a BCG without FA serratons?
"Ay bby grl, u wnt sum fuk 2nite? What would you say to your partner on the bed to bring out his/her hidden wildness ?"
"360.4, don't forget the leap year. it rains 360 days a year in England"
"You look like your chromosomes are more fucked up than your teeth. We're bored you fuck heads, SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT!"
"Also has to do with Achilles tendon length I'm pretty sure jumping is genetic. Sure, you *can* get better at it in a number of ways, but you aren't going from a 16"" vert to 40"" no matter how much you train. It has to do with leg length relative to height as well as lower leg length relative to overall leg length. I'm sure musculature is related too."
"I always get the one that has more red, which is strange cause I always get the water starter. How do you decide what edition to buy? I usually go with the cooler legendary pokemon on the cover, but there are many factors like version exclusives"
"0 assists.. Is just EPL games, right? Most number of goals and 2 assists?"
"Why would they have to recognize the European Colonialists that treat them like animals and used terrorism against civilians and the British to take over the land? Palestinians can have statehood when they stop lobbying rockets into Israeli towns, recognize Israel's right to exist and decide that they truly want peace for their people."
"Not because FedEx doesn't have your email address, and even if they did they wouldn't have a way to cross-reference it with your street address, and even if they did all that they would give you a tracking number? I knew this email from ""FedEx"" was a scam because the E and the X in the logo don't line up to make an arrow"
"Thats how open world is supposed to work.... The thing about ADOM though is that... while it is open world... you can't just go anywhere and do anything at any time. If you start off at the beginning and just walk towards the wrong part of the map, you're gonna die verrrrryy fast."
Euphoric Someone please use this - Faze Clan fedora tipping
I agree 100% Not everyone agrees with me on this (BECAUSE THEY'RE *WRONG* no jk opinions opinions) but I think the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive had the best soundtracks ever.
Danger Zaone! Highway to Hell? Danger Zone? Safety Dance?
Bravo. That professor's name? Albit Einstein.
that's what the offseason is for LeBron James and other NBA stars should be allowed to sit out games to rest
"No m9 phase 1? Pure keys Doppler M9, Bayonet, Flip, Gut knives"
"Fair point. Though it's admirable you are trying to identify different obeast species it's moot. It's like saying Would You Rather do a 3 or a 1. My dear, everything below 5 is a 1."
Then you fuck the fish? That's why you get a hooker to catch some fish.
There was an instance of that in Tsubasa Reservoir Chronicle. Anime where a man/guy is sent to an alternate universe where he finds a different version of himself
"Doesn't really sound like a wise idea to me, but... best of luck to you. Does anyone have any experience with a ECA stack for cutting weight? Hey all, I'm considering some ECA (ephedrine, caffeine, aspirin) to help cut some weight. I go to the gym almost every day and one of the things im worried about is losing fat with the muscle. I don't need to lose much weight but I really want to be cut, this last little bit is the hardest."
Schrodinger's pyroar Schrodinger's Lysandre
"Bro has like 5 times the staying power I do, if she looked at my dick I'd probably spray her and any passersby. Nurse assisted masturbating of a handicapped person"
"yeah, not sure how widely it is available, definitely in oz, so good luck! Thanks for the ideas. I'm in the US, but I'll try to find some of that honey."
Kya aapke sone mei chyawanprash hai? Kya aapke toothpaste mein sona hai?
"she's just horsing around My friend changed her fb profile pic to this, wasn't sure if I should post it here or r/WeirdBoner"
"Na na na na na na, na na na na na na STREET MAN! Can confirm, am street man."
"The label Middle East is widely used, it will stick for the foreseeable future We should just call it western Asia. The Europeans can call it whatever they like, it's not like it matters any more."
That wouldn't increase the amount of space if he put them in raid 0. One option to this is to buy a second one and throw them in RAID0.
CSGO'd I've made a huge mistake..
I can't like this video enough. Halo: Master Chief Collection | TV Ad
"It's for things that make you go ""aww"" this definitely made me go ""aww"" so I don't see the problem. No! That sub-reddit is for cute animals only! People are not aww."
"Reddit: where the invisible hand of the free market gropes strangers. ""Sexual market"" So this dude is not even pretending he doesn't think of sex as a transaction."
"You are so brave, I'm in awe. I'm an atheist too, but..."
"Wait the monitor isn't DVI? The thing is though, VGA and HDMI work just fine. Even disabling the Intel graphics in BIOS has no effect. I might try and borrow a friend's DVI monitor"
way late It's a little late for that.
"How many hours a week do you work? I manage an online store - the staff, the budget, the newsletters, the advertising, negotiations for packaging and shipping rates - soup to nuts. I make just under $67K a year with bonus included."
Is this like a little gift package to season ticket holders? The new season smell....
butt stuff? I was wondering...
"Yep, that's him. Is that.. Hugh Laurie?"
"Alas, alas. Game Thread: Pittsburgh Penguins @ Colorado Avalanche - 8 PM MST Late game. Trimmed for mobile users. You know where to find box scores and previews."
My 3 plays Det -7.5 Min -3.5 Philly +3 NFL Daily - 12/11/16 (Sunday) NFL discussion to go here!
"Oh my god.....I have to wonder, did he come up with this utterly stupid idea himself, or even worse, did he hear it from someone else, and copied it? This was my entertainment tonight. What a douche!"
Wait...there is a challenge? Wait...there is a challenge?
How to farm karma from this post: Comment your relief that he ran over a pine tree and not a baby. When I was younger I was at my friends house sledding. He had to leave with his family but I kept sledding. I lost control and ran over a baby pine tree they had planted earlier in the year. A tree they had planted in remembrance of my friends grandma passing away that year. I had snapped the tree when I hit it. So I just stuck it in the snow and left. Weeks later and it warms up enough that the snow melts and the tree falls over. They were devastated when they discovered their tree was broken with no explanation how it happened.
"Thankfully, I don't recognize much of the usernames from the thoughtful posts I read. I know...I feel like I'm reading the comments section to a CNBC article with ""normie"" non-FIers commenting."
That was pretty good The Rules of Counter-Strike | SFM
Here's for hoping for a $50/mo unlimited plan with WiFi calling. Personally I won't be leaving T-Mobile unless Google is significantly less expensive.
He cant one shot the enemy AP mid with his ult anymore since they nerf'd his ult :) I am really getting tired of people complaining about veigar he doesn't need buffs. there are plenty of champs that are weaker at the moment and his kits is still super broken. he can one shot the enemy AP mid so stop crying veigar players. just farm and prepare for late. ps. with tank meta veigar will get beat on late anyway so GL.
"This particular event gives an item, so I wouldn't skip it if I were you. Just youtube the events and don't bother imo."
How do they keep coming up with new stuff? NSFW Nipple fucking porn is a thing
"If you want to screw around with someone, you want to pick someone as stable as this one? She appears to be enjoying herself."
"...and they're all made out if ticky-tacky and they all look the same. Does nobody care about the cost of that? They could have built 5 times the space in nice simple box shape, with tons of glass and covered space, would have been far nicer inside, accommodated far more people business, and not looked like a stupid bullshit pile of wasted and destroyed expensive building materials and man hours."
Don't worry: I don't. No one should feel sorry for Ted Cruz: His humiliating defeat is exactly what he deserved
"We had a LS that looks like a GS (tenebra), now we have a GS that looks like a LS.. MHXX X Drifters Collaboration: Nodachi Longsword?"
"I appreciate that Bernie Sanders is willing to extend a hand across the Nigh Unpassable Chasm (it's hardly an aisle). Sanders: If Trump has the 'guts' to take on corporate America, he's got an ally"
Oregon. I think in college most every team would go for 2 every single time if they changed it.
"LOL I like some country too... I just think its pretty cheesy for a goal song... I mean, I'm a pretty big Tim McGraw fan, so I don't think I'd put this in the same realm as that."
"Such truth. And now, the real war begins."
"As an architecture student, those mechanical drawings are fascinating. Large box, full of odd illustrations of an event. (AKA ""The Box of Crazy"") found by the trash bins"
"BAEWARD IS BAE Game 82: St. Louis Cardinals (53-28) @ Chicago Cubs (44-36) **Cardinals Lineup** 1) Pham, CF 2) Carpenter, 3B 3) Peralta, SS 4) Heyward, RF 5) Molina, C 6) Wong, 2B 7) Reynolds, 1B 8) Grichuk, LF 9) Lackey, P **Cubs Lineup** 1) Coghlan, LF 2) Rizzo, 1B 3) Bryant, 3B 4) Montero, C 5) Castro, SS 6) Soler, RF 7) Fowler, CF 8) Lester, P 9) Russell, 2B"
Girls never get enough credit! The closest I've gotten to a groups pic of my girls (5 out of 7 isn't bad lol)
"I'm kinda burnt out as well as mad, I had to pirate a PC version when my PS4 version locked for no reason... Mods are only really fun when your burnt out on the game or if your a crazy hardcore fan of the anime's universe."
And yeezy's aren't at this point? Overplayed
Jaaaa TUDelft Spotted at my university!
I just hope this wasn't in a public school. When little kids are smarter than their teachers...
The Strv m/38 light what's it's regular counterpart?
A lot of Eagle fans were sad when Trent was cut as our 3rd string qb Trent Edwards? Lol
"So they're giving random guys their address and saying ""buy me pizza"" and getting free pizza from random Tinder strangers, and they think this is a good idea...? using the word ""convincing"" probably wasn't the best. They're just picking people and was straight up asking the person if they would buy them pizza. There isn't any sort of coercion or background with these people (it's matches they've never spoken with before), as to suggest that my friend is taking advantage of their feelings. It's a pretty blunt question and the ppl that have responded mostly lead into conversations over the fact that they think the pizza order is gross and thus won't buy it. They either think you're trollish/rude or wanna joke around. There's no ""buy me this and I'll maybe do _ instead"" which would absolutely be unfair, and I would agree w you/others if it's with guys that they've been talking to/actually seem to like them. But it isn't in their case. My friend is literally like ""who tryna buy me pizza?"" Worst case scenario is that these dudes are thinking ""I bought them this/now they owe me."" Which is their problem."
"idk OP said ""after event"" so I assumed it's over. Over? Still going for me..."
What does known hood mean? Apart from those peanuts I shared communal food. Nobody else got sick. Packed water in from a source that was known good. Otherwise I ALWAYS filter.
"or ""Cavs fans still in denial"" or ""key player got hurt and this is the first time he's seen back with the team"""
"Beloved cat, homosexual male concubine, they are both the same, right? Funnily enough there's a similar story about the Chinese emperor Ai and his lover, Dong Xian. One time they fell asleep with Dong Xian's head on Ai's long sleeve, so when Ai had to get up he cut off his own sleeve so he wouldn't disturb him."
An NSFW tag would be great Comedian Patton Oswalt on Twitter &amp; Stand-up
Fuck. This is not concrete..this is New Delhi
looks like Gronk may not be playing :( it sucks that the Pats have been hit with so many injuries in the last 4 weeks BOB vs his mentor. Watt vs Brady. Gronk vs the virginity of all the Houston girls. Should be a fun game to watch.
"What he said! You need to take off your computer scientist hat and put on your hacker hat. You can read dry, boring material about state machines, sorting methods, and octrees all day and all it's going to seem like is meaningless jargon. Because that's all it is when you have no context to apply it to. You'll never build games that way. You start with drawing a rectangle on the screen and naturally progress. Learn what you need when you need to. Make mistakes. Don't optimize."
does mega give a shit about DMCA requests? I would rather suggest take her pics of shore a Russian image hoster won't give a single F*** if a striping chick complains via a DMCA request
Don't forget how hyphy everyone will be getting as they ghost ride the whip Stand by for hella people using hella to describe hella hipsters and hella traffic at the maze.
"Join a clan Put back the old PJ Timer until someone thinks of a better solution than the current one. I'm sure that most people who pk on DMM can agree that the current PJ timer is complete trash, it doesn't even fix what it was trying to do, and it also lets clans trade hits on you.. etc. Boxing wasn't really that big of an issue with the previous PJ Timer, at least not as big of an issue of the bad mechanics of the current one."
"Woah I love the classic stuff, haven't seen this one in a minute Bisping KOs Rockhold"
"Edgy as fuck. Yes, watch the film, then go home to your nice beds and fast food and do nothing. God Bless the American way!"
"nice. That or the questions are reminding the dad of all the poor life choices he made in the past, and how he'll never live these luxurious lives from the questions. But I'm assuming the kid was an accident, the father knocked up the mom when he was young (17-23ish) so he joined the military for the benefits and was stationed in Germany for a while."
"Soft, yet hard. Which has soft skin since it's the only place he ever applied lotion to. P.S: Sorry for butchering Bill Burr's joke."
"Dude, you're barely breaching the cusp of the large vat that is Korean food if your first thought is Kimbap! Kimbap for me, but I""m not a young Korean ;)"
"You're wrong I'm afraid of what this means for Carey Price, because this move only makes sense in my head if Lindgren is with the Habs for a long time, and that only makes sense if Price isn't expected to play for awhile. Please somebody, tell me I'm wrong!"
"This team, shoot me The San Antonio Spurs (18-4) vs The Chicago Bulls (11-10) - (Dec. 8, 2016)"
WOW those are some high percentages. People Who Don't Speak English As Their First Language
"That's a bit extreme. It's a word mostly used by feminists and leftists. High risk groups include people with twitteraccounts, journalists and students. If i'm in a conversation with somebody and they use that word i will immediately tell them to stop using the word in my presence or else the conversation will be over."
"No, it's about 80 bucks, just like the OP's thingie. Yeah, you know what that thing is? Not free, like an emulator that you can just download to the computer or laptop you already have. It's basically a more expensive version of the thing OP has."
"TL:DR HEY HEY LET ME TELL YOU A JOKE! So a boy asks a girl to the senior dance, and she says yes, but on 3 conditions. He must wear a suit, he must buy the best flowers available, and he must pick her up in a limo. So he goes to rent a tuxedo. It is very busy, and he waits in line for hours. Finally he rents the suit for the night and goes to the flower shop. At the flower shop, the lady in front has asked for a very specific order, and the line is hardly moving. Eventually he picks some flowers and leaves. Then he goes to rent a limo. There are lots of other seniors with him, and the line, again, keeps him waiting. Finally on the night of the prom, the girl is pleased with all the stuff he has. In the middle of the dance, she asks for one more thing. ""I'm thirsty, can you go get me something to drink?"" So he walks over to the punch bowl, where this time There was no punch line. also cats and i hate EA and look at this old game/console i found"
"Would go to Japan and the UK before that, but Israel is in my top ten. I know that in the back of many people's mind, Israel is that ""if worst comes to worst, at least there's somewhere I know I can run to"" place."
"Just go outside in future, you should have been doing that in the first place. Was Caught in UK University Halls smoking weed. Hi guys first time posting on Reddit! Sorry that it is quite long. So. Me and my friend were caught last night when the security guard came up into our flats to let our room mate in (he had forgotten his door key) and could strongly smell weed. The thing is we have already met with the manager of the halls because there was a crazy party that me and my friend had nothing to do with where there was a lot of weed going around the flats however somehow at the end of the night there were a pair of boxers hanging over the smoke alarm in the hallways between our flats. We were all called to a meeting with him but our room mate (same one that forgot the door key) owned up to it all and they just fined him and put him on his last warning. We left the meeting with no fine but my friend and I are on our first warning. The security guard said this when he discovered me and my friend last night ""haven't you already had your warning because of that smoke alarm? He'll (the manager) have you out now he doesn't give a shit"" I tried to ask him what would happen if we were just on our first warning but he didn't really want to talk. :( I am seriously considering quitting bud after this, the whole idea of lighting another zoot makes me so paranoid. The thing is I still have quite a good amount left but I have hidden it away in a jar and all of my paraphernalia is in a smell-proof bag. My friend and I are normally stealth smokers, you know standard stuff to prevent the smell getting out like: towel under door, febreeze on hand, we even had a little usb fan pointed at the window. It was only this time we got caught because our room mate led him right to us and I hadn't done a lil febreeze mask spray yet. I actually had the febreeze can in my hand when the security guard was talking to me which I think made it more obvious who it was than if I had a 20ft bong in my hand...:// Lovely people of Reddit and those who are 1st year halls veterans could you please tell me if I am going to be homeless. Apologies for my terrible writing i am still shaken up. :' Thanks for reading. :D TL;DR: Got caught smoking in room last night after already being on first warning. Now dying of paranoia."
YOUR ERA IS AT AN END MOTHERFUCKER. I've already gotten 2 stalking weirdos banned for basically following me around and complaining about me 24/7. I want a third head for my virtual wall....
"avondrood in dutch, which apparently is also an english word considering spellcheck didn't come on Abendrot - literally 'evening red': german. Describes the color of the sky during sunset"
"Why are his knees bandaged already? Jason Williams Son, Jaxon Williams - ""White Chocolate Jr."""
"Your offense doesn't get rolling until the defense is playing prevent We always deferred to start with the coin toss, so our defense was on the field to start. The defense the past few years can't stop anyone so opposing offenses chewed up much of the clock. Also adding in that our offense seemingly always starts slow every week."
"I dont know, apple pie? Non-Americans, what would you consider ""American Food""?"
"The salt level is so high here my eyes are burning just from looking at the screen. To people who main Blackbeard and Pulse Fuck you. You ruin ranked. With your fucking shield and wallhacks. It requires no skill to play, and then you spam messages saying git gud after the game. And yes I am salty, remove the OPs from the game, its retarded. The fundamentals of this game are droning/using cameras to find enemies, Pulse does that but 1000 times better, and in a game with 1 shot face kills a face shield is just stupid."
"Lol, somebodies So knowing somebodies address enables you to steal their stuff? What's stopping you?"
"bag-els. My friend (23) found out today that aisle is not pronounced ""eye-zull."" What words did you mispronounce for way too long?"
"no? Make code locks have differing numeric tones This would be interesting to implement, as people would need to be careful putting in their codes. Each number you press would make a different sound and if someone can decipher what sounds you make they can unlock your base."
oh one of the 12 fans of paladins got mad Please go circlejerk somewhere else
Just like OP's mom. Damn tag teamed by the NFC north
"But, he has a girlfriend There's this gay joke running round on Jacksfilms that he's gay"
"At least you don't have to mail them like in the GC version :p Once you've donated every fossil, they should be pre-identified from that point on Now that I've donated all of the fossils, it's kind of annoying to have to identify every fossil before selling it. Once you donate every fossil, you should be certified as a fossil expert and able to identify fossils yourself (meaning they should be identified as soon as you dig them up). I think this would be a cool reward."
It's hard to see what's negative about it when you're a Kanye Stan. Could you explain it? What exactly feels all over the place and how does that negatively impact the album? Maybe there's a perspective I'm just not getting.
it has always been a rectangle Rhode Island as a rectangle? blasphemy!
"Play Verdun Why pretend to call yourself a World War I game, if you're not going to adhere to the era? #whining You're a soldier in World War I, chances are you are armed with a bolt action rifle, from either the allies or the enemy side. That's it. I don't know what history books Dice were drawing from, but the over proliferation of hand held SMGs, hand held MGs, and a dazzling array of sniper optics (they really weren't that common in WWI) essentially spit in the face of the concept of Standard Issue, give up all pretense this is a WWI game, for the sake of ""Hurp, it's fun!"" I get that these games cost millions to make, and they have to build the game for the lowest common denominator call of duty player to make their money back. But why WWI if you're not even going to enforce weapon regulations. (response to those ""it's an option, you can turn it off chuckleheads further down). I get it, ""because it's fun"" and you know what, this game is actually pretty fun, in an arcade I'm running around in a defensive circle at C point shooting people in the back this is fucking retarded, kind of fun. - The same for the tank play, except you can pick your nose at the same time. Not to mention, it's really bullet spongy, I'm sure we've all emptied a clip into a horseman and he's still trucking along like he's playing single player Skyrim, giving no fucks at all. Oh and the mobility, amazing, did you know you can carry a rifle, 3 charges of TNT, a gas mask, an anti tank rifle - and sprint non stop as if you were part of the Russian Olympic track and field team? Well of course you can! it's fun! hyuk hyuk. Ultimately I would of liked a game that was tailored around actual shit that was happening in WWI, not an SMG sniper fest, where tanks aren't broken pieces of shit like they were in WWI. No instead we get this game that doesn't know what it wants to be, too scared to depart thoroughly from its battlefield 3 and 4 trends, despite calling itself Battlefield 1. Why not Battlefield 5? Is the number 1 to signify a departure of something or a formula? Because it sure doesn't look like it. And some nay-sayers will just hand wave this, and say ""WELL THERE's AN OPTION FOR YOU TO ONLY HAVE BOLT ACTIONS IN THE SERVER CREATION, USE THAT."" Yes, I just also hope there's an option to pull up the maps that don't exist that are tailored to bolt action gameplay. One could complain about the tanks and vehicles too and you would argue back ""WELL JUST REMOVE THEM IN SERVER OPTIONS"", that would leave maps like Sinai desert, a walking simulator. The point being, all the maps are getting designed to be played a specific multi-armed call of duty with tanks way. Not for methodical bolt action, tough as balls gameplay. That's a shame. So in the name of ""fun"" we decided to sacrifice every element of what WWI as a fighting era is; a ball breaking agony. Instead, give all the soldiers steroids, and pretend like SMGs and Scopes were ""just how it was"". Shit then, why not include wall jumping? It's fun right? You just gave up giving two shits about the era 3 game design sessions ago. Hey you can always leave an option to turn it on and off in the options right? Why not jet packs? Hyuk."
Jail is almost worth not giving up net worth. If you get caught the courts will rape you even harder.
It is on the Durban map. Looks like Durban in South Africa a bit.
"My tinfoil theory as to why we've tried so many fade routes in the endzone/had some questionable redzone playcalling is that when they sit down with Kirk, they want some negative film on him to say he's really not worth top-flight money: ""you can't hit your target in the endzone reliably, so you're really not that hot, and we could replace you with Jay Cutler and get the same results."" Redskins do have some leverage on Cousins Keep in mind the Skins have given Cousins so much support the past couple of years. The teams Cousins might be offered will not have near the receiving core let alone o-line that we have."
That's not the purpose. How exactly would that prevent anything of this sort from happening?
"Plot twist: Icefrog is jakiro, where Wyk and Bruno just called themselves Icefrog to throw people off. I think IceFrog is like Jakiro, Wyk is left head, and Bruno is right head."
"Its these little obscure references that make me giggle. Exile target creature, it's controller gains life equal to its power."
"There it is.. That 25 second memorized speech. Haha I see what's going on here, but in all seriousness I want to dispel the notion that bernie doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing!"
"We had that evidence for quite some time, this recent thing though just cements even more how he has no leak in CIG, and is largely talking out of his ass, or just repeating what goons say to him. It can't be stressed enough. We now have evidence that his sources are worthless and likely just trolling him all along."
Can you make this meme any bigger? I can never get my oil changed there again after this mishap...not in a million years...
"man it actually sucks a giant dick when you get a nap attack, because it's like just sudden an violent urge to just go the fuck to sleep, not necessarily doing it, but wanting to do it then you can't sleep at night and you get fucking like fucking hot flashes and restless leg when you lie down to finally fucking GO to sleep it's so much bullshit There were to grade four classes at my school and the other class had a teacher with narcolepsy and he'd like fall asleep in class and I was so jealous."
Alabama won their conference Ohio State didn't MOVING ON Buckeyes News - An Open Letter to the CFP Committee
"Yes, well the world is interested in crazy people. A local government candidate, not even elected official, has no bearing on the world stage. Not to mention, she seems like a longshot, where the article isn't saying she has a chance, it's pretty much just a ""hey, look at this crazy person"" article."
"But he could have been I love Lindros, but he's no Gretzky."
God fucking damn it Thats nice of them to let Briere do the opening ceremony.
Should have gone for a slam dunk! Basketball shot
new wallpaper Dota 2 Miracle - 9011MMR Pro Terrorblade with Rampage gameplayed
"This article is about how many immigrants Europe can handle, if you don't give a shit that Europe is already handling way more immigrants than America given that the EU economy is a similar size then you don't need to comment here. Why do I need to adjust for population size? We let in more than anyone else. We do a fine job of it too. I'm not in a competition for ""best at taking in immigrants"" because that's an award that means totally different things to different people and different nations. Simply put: we let in more people than anywhere else. We do a fine job of it. We don't have to let in more because I don't give a shit what Germany's per capita on immigrants is."
"I've never said that they're lying, I'd just love to see what this bloke was trying to do How have we got to the point where police have explicitly stated that the incident wasn't politically, religiously or ideologically motivated, and so many people think that they must be lying? Seriously?"
"Not in Bangalore, I think. Uncle Chipps is still available."
"Wow, I didn't see that... so this is what, a fanboy murder weapon? And the Federation logo on the door!"
Sounds like a solid diet. PUSSY BEFORE PUSSY!!
my finger slipped deal with it Period after each word? Those. Aren't. Sentences.
Stop! That's my second favorite thing. First is when the camera stays on a fan for like 4 seconds longer than they were prepared to be excited for.
"Except that the points you made didn't really chime with anything at all in the documentary and instead seemed to be about your personal agenda, which a) doesn't interest me and b) isn't that relevant. You're right. We should just believe everything in documentaries and not question anything. Debate and discussion is for losers."
Or stabbed with a shoe! *Rules are meant to be broken* That's the literal opposite of what rules are meant for. ^Source: ^study ^law
"i bought a new pair of jorts to celebrate THE TRIBES ARE PLEASED NAN, I'D SAY GO KISS GIRLS IN CELEBRATION BUT YOU KNOW THE RULES SO I'D SAY BUY A NICE JACKET INSTEAD"
"Very well, directing downvotes to you instead Yeah who ever the one person was that downvoted this... Yeah uhh wobo is helping the community brah so don't downvote him."
"Don't worry, you'll be 750/750 by the time worlds is done with Depending on the teams playing i'll actually watch the match with 100% focus XD. I'm always there cheering for my TSM even when they aren't performing. -tear drop-"
I would **** his **** in ******** **** from **** at **** on a bus. HOW TO have an orgasm when you check your phone.
Thankfully it's mostly bars and offices that directly surround US Bank Stadium Those poor neighbors.
If you actually watch him all game he has plenty of good plays which is why I am not concerned about him. Erving isn't looking too bad today. One bad let go earlier.
"Nice station but holy fuck i hate that fishtank stand.. Heavy, bulky and shittily made over her in the US....-_- (I had to move one myself in a condo... Not at all, have you ever seen all the fugly, 'pimped out', bodykit plasterd Vokswagen Golfs? These are also extremely German!"
"Pretty much. Irritable, can't eat, can't sleep, hangover symptoms in the morning. No fun."
"thats because hapis is not procedurally generated and has been optimized Try playing on a Hapis server, I have a 7 year old i7 with a GTX 670 and I get 70-100fps even in a 2 million stone base"
WatchU talkin bout* Bran Stark S06E02
"I don't believe they said you can't 'squad up' with friends before joinging a game...... Oh for the love of fucking god, when did multiplayer in games stop being about playing with friends and start being ""PLAY WITH RANDOM FUCKWITS"" mode?"
"I wish they did deals at guaranteed rates (Rosenthal) The concern now for teams that want #WhiteSox's Quintana: The acquisition cost will be exorbitant, given what CWS pulled off last two days."
"The political class wants to keep their gridlock on power... the spice, I mean pork, must flow! GOP senators: We could work with Hillary Clinton"
"I think he means that you seem to use this account often (not a throw-away) so IP history is easier for authorities to track. It isn't my main account. Also, whatever."
"That's why i always have some heavy ammo synths on hands.. (Especially when we had the gally..) But true, can't blame anyone. I know! I somehow always managed to have heavy synths on hand, so I was even more annoyed. But I can't blame anyone for it. The drought was real."
All depends in the booze being served. A wedding with an open bar is not a shitty wedding.
"Viewcrest is it I think, it's a good way to go as an alternative. You can also continue straight on Kuebler, which turns into a different street at the top of the hill (Valley View, maybe?). You can take this all the way down to the river and it pops you out by Roberts Crossing."
Put on your robe and wizard hat. How are we supposed to put the ball in the back of the net when you have Stefan fucking Frei???
"But... if everything is locked, how do you save your merchandise in case of fire? Deadly Denim: Pakistan Workers Burned Alive Making Jeans for Export. More than 600 workers were trapped. The main sliding door was locked to protect the merchandise; windows were barred; stairs and doorways were blocked; and there were no emergency exits."
"shroud goes to a club with a couple of teams, VP guys feed him alcohol, n0thing loses sight of shroud, c9 team go looking for him, finds him in a police station in the morning Is there a tl;dr for those of us that don't want to watch?"
I got excited when I saw mac and cheese didnt see the cauliflower... Here's hoping! I'll report back tomorrow. :)
"He does not have the track record of eluding prosecution for wrong doings, which is hands down the most impressive accomplishment Hillary Clinton has in her repertoire. He has achieved nothing vs Hillary. If Dem supporters don't vote because of him then he's achieved less than nothing. He still could be amazing. He should try to be at the Democrat Convention. This is Bernie's last gasp, and I have every faith and assurance he will make it the speech of his life. Bern the Bern, Bernie; be there and light up your party and your supporters. Maybe I'm living a fantasy that Bernie and Hillary will ever come together. It's nice to exist in that realm for a while longer until the realty becomes the every-day"
I use herrings to cut down my trees. That you used to cut down the tree. Your tree.
"This is racist Translation: ""Act like a black person and we will treat you like one"""
"*free with Green or Gold in USA/Canada Number 5 though. ""Horrific reality"". That's how it works. If you want milk you're getting less coffee but you can get a refill for 50 cents on iced coffee anyway."
Sorry! Warning: Very Loud
"movie when? TIL in March 1761, Sikhs freed over 2,000 young women, meant for Afghan harems, and escorted them home."
"I have signed cards from the CCG from several cast members (Boxleitner, Wasser, Tallman, Koenig) What is your most precious Babylon 5 collectible? Hi /babylon5, the question is simple and pics are welcome. What is the most precious piece of Babylon 5 memorabilia that you own? For me, it's probably the cast &amp; crew season 3 jacket. Or the Babylon 5 handheld game."
"K. Who cares? Ronaldo made a comment that was misinterpreted, Pepe is always hated. Portugal drew against a very weak team, what did you expect? People to praise him and Portugal? Of course not. We played like shit, we deserve it."
Came here looking for ONE comment that will make me believe that it was fake with no luck. Working out the quads
"i hope i get it too :) Nice. Hope I get the discount code,looks pretty sweet"
"Hangnails Satan opens up Heck, a lighter version of Hell. What kinds of torture are in it?"
What does that do? \t usually does it.
"Agreed. Even more so I think it is an important step to help show how devastating being poor is to anyone regardless of their race, religion, or any other awesome SJW people we need to protect emotionally instead of fixing real life issues. I tell you what when we have no more homeless, hungry or poor in the world I'll learn all your stupid pro nouns. Also feel I need to make it clear I enjoyed the article I just wish it went further into the deeper message."
"And buying chocolate right before Easter seems like the worst possible time. And mostly at bad times, too - houses in spring are the most expensive. Appliances before the holidays are expensive. Oh look, the worst time to buy is listed for almost every consumer good here! What the FUCK, Reddit."
"""Inconceivable!"" General Douglas MacArthur said that well before The Princess Bride."
"Haha me too, but if you're one of those people with farm accounts... Cha-ching! I literally just noticed that! I wish I didn't add a bunch of them to sets already :/"
The Mexican part. Where in TJ?
"I'd worry about his promises to deport all illegal immigrants, because he might actually be able to do that and that would ruin the country's economy (doesn't matter what you think of illegal immigrants, suddenly removing 10+ million people from the US economy would cause significant damage). Mitch McConnell said that if Trump is elected we shouldn't worry because there are checks and balances in place and the executive branch has plenty of restriction. I'm still scared shitless"
"The only possible situation where Batman doesn't have a contingency plan is one where he is not Batman and therefore the question is irrelevant. if he is in a hypothetical situation where there is no other way what would he do , dont be a party pooper"
"This is actually embarassing to read, you sound like the Manchild here OP. well the jungle does give less EXP but an efficient route hardly ever puts you 2 levels behind, you're usually only a level behind."
When will white folks learn that blackface is NEVER acceptable? Twin girls with the best costumes at the party!
"Why though She was already in the process of giving me the ""thanks but no thanks"", and in a bit of desperation I tried serenading her with some sweet No Doubt over the phone. 18 years later and we are happily married... to other people."
Shut the fuck up is a bit harsh but it doesn't make sense as a ninja request nor does it make sense in the context of the poll. Why? Because it makes sense? Because a bunch of people WOULD vote for it?
Whatever it takes Everclear is the easiest way to get fucked up. But drinking alcohol that's 190 proof literally hurts haha
"The title makes him sound like a wizard. Bernie Sanders Returns to Washington, More Powerful Than Ever"
"I'm not sure how a 'smart gun' will reduce gun related suicide, which accounts for nearly two thirds of their 33k figure. President Obama's Final Shot At Gun Control"
no i didn't tell me moar It all makes sense now. Did you know Hitler was vegetarian?
"Not op comment, but I'm a huge fan of original gold and heart gold. What's your favorite game tho ? Mine is probably Emerald."
"Penn's daughter is named Moxie Crimefighter. Wait, his name is really Teller? I thought it was an ironic stage name."
"Eh, could be worse, could be better. Chosen Master Yi"
"like rex navarrete? are there any legit comedy bars here in the philippines? i don't like comedy bars that play out like noon time shows complete with the stupid laugh track. i want legit stand up comedians that talk about humanity, society and current events."
"Gotta use pickle juice to heal that. I watched a co-worker check if the oil was hot in a fryer by dipping his hand in it. It was like slow motion for me, but I still couldn't yell ""Nooooooooooooooooooo!"" in time."
"From what I understand, Nukes aren't even qualified unless they're attached to NNPTC or Prototype as staff or students. To apply for an officer program, you have to get permission from the enlisted community manager (The master chief in your rate) to release you from nuke duty. Because of this initial training is by far the easiest time to get picked up for officer programs. If you have finished training, you are a more valuable asset, and the ECM is less likely to let you go. One of the guys in my division has been submitting for sta-21 and keeps getting denied by the ecm, who said he won't approve it unless he has less than 18 months on his contract"
"I still call the Rite Aid in my home town ""Genovese"". Genovese"
"yea, its lucy, and you would be kidding me if he comes close to a skill parity even to the likes of yourself as well do you know who Wildfire is?"
"In other news, water is wet. Analysis: Donald Trump's campaign shows signs of structural weakness"
YOU DON'T DESERVE IT Damn server hot fixes Running up to APC to plant last bomb to only then be visited by the we all know as the infamous DELTA...MASSIVE could you be so kind to give me those 240 sentry gloves please? I've been a good boy
"Cashback Men of Reddit, what chick flick do you secretly really enjoy?"
Wut? Can someone please explain to me how a Nuclear Missile can stop another Nuclear Missile heading toward the UK?
"You can disable that in the settings but looks like the would of not served ur purpose anyway as it is a Get Things Done application. I didn't use it when it first came out, but I stopped using it and uninstalled when it was giving me notifications to plan out every single day. I just wanted a simple notepad app, not to plan my life."
"Add an ""anarcho"" prefix, and that describes me as well. My ideology is communism, we want communism."
"Nice Dead Island Series (Dead Island, Dead Island GOTY, Dead Island Riptide Complete) (75% off)"
"Nice. She was about 5'4"", 135 lbs, shoulder length black hair, C cups, alright ass (her tits were nicest), pretty face with brown eyes. She was Hispanic."
I can honestly see this happening and not being shocked about it at all. Can see hulkenberg taking him out again
"Everyone welcome here, regardless of gender Gender: [ ] Male [ ] Female [X] American Nah im a trans woman. Yall are gonna come fucking kill me. I know it."
"There was a good amount of variety in the older games too. So, wait - did they actually build an entire planet? I keep seeing such a wild variety of environments and places to explore from these reels. I can't imagine how big the game world is."
[Deleted] Deleted
"Ohhhh you're a troll my bad :) failing school and washing dishes isn't exactly success, if you applied your work ethic to real life you would be much happier and succesful. stop tricking yourself into thinking what you're doing is healthy"
"Get Spybot's Anti-beacon 1.2 for Win 10(7 and 8, 8.1 too) and you can stop all of the telemetry from being sent to MS. Microsoft has confirmed that Windows 10 is being downloaded to computers whether or not users have opted in."
Lol maybe lonely old men but most people don't really pay attention to them at games. Are you being facetious? Their job is pretty hard and people enjoy their presence.
"he's referring to the cat's eye ""aperture"" More like ""lighting and angle 1, lighting and angle 2"""
"Didn't you win that VJ contest on Total Request Live? Oh, we're posting how cool we looked in the 80's? I can rock with that."
"It's making me think of the human centipede for some reason. Nice ticker. It scared the crap out of me for some reason. Good job, mods."
It's now full of people with go pro's and those extendable poles as well. What you can't see are the thousands of other people taking the same picture who are just out of the shot.
"Anybody on Fox News If aliens were to visit Earth and wanted to talk to us, who would be the best living person to represent humanity?"
"I still like him. Luck is awful in the playoffs though. Like really poor, look up his stats."
"Because in practice that's exactly what it means. It's willful ignorance. It's pretending that the message is ""*Only* Black Lives Matter"" instead of ""Black Lives Matter *Too*"""
"jesus ""Have you ever white knighted so hard you just straight up killed a man?"""
"Favorite one yet, assuming the centerpiece is original artwork which is just perfect. Kanye West - The Life Of Pablo"
"Send an opened coke, that will rile them up. Open Letter to Mods Dear mods, If you remove this letter I will fuck shit up. Also, are you retarded? Regards, FuckYouMurtad"
Why would you believe them on climate change since they are usually wrong or lying on everything else? Scumbag United States Congress
Maybe because it's easier to discern 10 individuals cards that's move and highlight when you mouse over them than it is to discern 10 identical card backs? I think that is the biggest part for me. Why do we have it for the opponents hand but not our own? I think DeckTracker counts your hand for you which is nice.
You should play Wonderful 101 Bought my first gaming console.
Shh... Come to the other side.. As an education major I feel like i should not be involved in homework procrastination.
"Juvenile American Robin, aka cat food. My girlfriend's brother brought this home last night"
"Lose 1 Turn has had a reprint before it's Mega Tin run (if there will be one), similarly receiving an erratum. Main set cards usually don't get reprinted until the mega runs towards the end of the year."
$10.92  I'll go up to $9.07 if no one else will.
god DUDE... WHAT A FUCKI-SDOPSCBLBF- LTG climax of rage
Thank you for politely trying to convert me! This is literally the case with every city in the world. NYC is a great place and you should go if you ever have the chance.
"I, for one, welcome this purge. Top Democrat, who suggested using Bernie Sanders' alleged atheism against him, resigns from DNC"
"Just claiming something simply ""is"" is not an argument. There's more to being a valuable member of society than spending daddy's money."
I have your Mudkip ready and I'm breeding your Joltik now. Yaaaay! :D What is the pokeball for Joltik?
"Wax pen FTW I've noticed a lot of people at the start get that shit red hot and immediately dab, it's way more heat than you. You can get it red, just give it like a ten count before you dann it. You'll get the hang of it, or just get a nice wax pen."
They are like the X-Men that way. This sub has a horrible reputation. The members are both feared and hated by the media.
"Fittingly bland Ever wondered what The Uso's are saying when they do the Siva Tau? Thanks to their WWE Network special, we find out."
"Yes Do you think that with as big as the stream is now, the game could function without the (occasional) democracy option?"
"Why don't you just try not being ""that guy"" with a smug look on his face and an alaract number on the tip of his tongue and just do what you know you should, technicalities be damned? Anyone know anything about the black fleece? I still have the one they issued originally but i cant find anything saying i cant wear it. nothing in 670-1 since its not updated yet and i cant find an alaract or anything. I doubt i'll get to wear it for very long before someone says i cant but i want to be right at least if i tell someone it isnt unauthorized yet. what was it issued with when it was first handed out? is it part of the original ecwcs? Please no lectures. Thanks..."
"I'm not sure if you have any Trader Joe's stores near where you live, but if you do, their Bold &amp; Smoky Kansas City Style Barbecue Sauce is delicious. Substitute for Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce? Perhaps this isn't the place to ask, but I've seen a ton of recipes on here that use Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ sauce. I'm sure it's delicious, but when the first ingredient on the label is high fructose corn syrup, I'm more than a little turned off. Is there a decent substitute for it (or something I can make at home) that uses sugar (or honey, or apple juice, etc.) instead? Thanks for your help."
tl;dr: Jacob M and Austin know each and skate together all the time. This hurt my head...
"Dude, you are trying way, way too hard. ""Racism,"" a very broad and loaded term, is everywhere, and it allows a group of people to continue their distinct lineage, for example, but there is also ""racism"" that involves hating someone for their color alone, but I didn't see you draw a distinction. You can't force all people to think a certain way, so you need to move on to real challenges and issues. If you go around life looking for boogeymen, ""you're gunna have a bad time."""
ya seriously... fuck that little girl. I'll reserve judgement until I learn how delicious and hard-to-come-by that cheesecake was.
Time to play carrot jenga! Carrot arrangement at a supermarket
Downvoted cause title. JW Nice mouse controle flicking onto frigerg to secure the round
[](/allthescrunch)Never enough ponies! You got Applejack in my Skyrim. Needs more ponies.
"If you never played older fallouts then yes, no. No."
"I don't remember too well, and I'm not sure how far you've got through the campaign so I don't want to spoil anything, but I think it was down to Pagan. Was it Yuma that allowed us to escape from Durgesh? The cell door was left open"
You seem like you aren't quite that smart. This seems more likely to be anti-Muslim Brotherhood protesters pretending to be Muslim Brotherhood protesters faking dramatic pictures to get people against the Muslim Brotherhood. If you were actually faking dramatic pictures there's no reason to freeze everything including your facial expression unless you wanted a camera to go through the crowd showing how everyone is holding still for photos.
Found out I'm actually 6'1'' when for the last 12 years I thought I was 5'11 and 1/2....guess I grew a bit What's something you did recently that you're really proud of?
"fix ya hair, 6/10 be honest please and thanks :)"
Some of these are freakier than the movie. Behind the scenes of Alien
"Are we a little hungry because you been trolling a lot today. Choose your words better. Use ""Many hippies have been waiting"" ""Many south africans"" even. Not ""South Africans"""
I'm gonna go out on a limb and think he Forgot the Damn Acronym for a second and meant DEA. Why would there be class action lawsuits against the FDA? This rule change was done by the DEA and has absolutely nothing to do with the FDA.
Didn't play the right video for me. There's a video embedded in the main article you linked
"Because they don't make the power supplies, seasonic does. Totally agree with you. Why does XFX make some of the best power supplies around and give them confusing names? The world may never know."
Sleep tight tucker Sleep tight Tucker
"nah, they straight told me it was unlimited and there is no limit listed on my account. It's not actively enforced due to various issues, at least on uverse DSL. They have started to send letters to people who go over the 150gb traditional DSL limit however."
"Funny how quickly they become skeptics when something challenges their dogma... Oh man, that last fucking story. My mother is just like that. When gravity waves were detected and were brought up on television, She told me that ""Because we used a man made machine how do we know that the data wasn't man made to? Also i can't see gravity how do I know gravity is real?"" Later into our argument I mentioned carbon dating and her argument was ""You can't use that because years and hours are creations of man and therefor are not real."" When I told her that even without using units a carbon atom lasts this long, she just straight up told me that we have no way to prove it. Thats pretty much the entire argument behind those types of religious people. If I can't see it, or I'm to stupid to understand it, its false or against god."
"It's not about gender, it's about a relationship between everyone. On a related note, I don't feel welcome here because the sub is constantly on about ""brothers"" and not ""sisters""."
"Man, I can see why we're going to be running a deficit, we spend so much money on ""Walkley Road"" signs! You can buy old City of Ottawa street signs for 10 bucks."
"The winky face does it for me, I can't stop laughing. you people are a circus."
"Just because she wants to start a ""new life"" does not give her carte Blanche or absolve her of all previous ""sins"" if that's what she wants to call it. But the problem is to directly attack her is a nogo because alot of the family is trying to support her ""new"" life"
"When I come home it is exactly how I left it, tidy and peaceful, I like and need quiet time I was an only child, latch key kid lived in my own mind as the reality of my situation was difficult to say the least, I need calmness in my home life and children would ruin it all. See in a why you don't want kids thread Best answer so far : I don't want to share my lego"
"95% of retarded salty comments on reddit come from PL, I wonder why. all i wanted was some new cool EvE-Online trailers and all we got was this shit... thanks CCP"
64 layers; double what it was in previous games. Yes they do. I have no idea what the limit is in this game.
Would be unexpected and awesome Ima say Crocodile is waiting there.
Thats my fetish weird. my take away was that you should make a humanoid AI look like a hunchbacked uglyer adolf hitler so it'll have a harder time wooing you. Then again i bet thats someones fetish. so just don't hire that guy...
"Go to meetings I know i'd rather do this, as well as contacting and pushing my reps for support than sit idly and watch our chances of real progress fall apart."
"I don't blame him, it's impossible to book uber during the rush hour. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick taking a bus on his way to IIT Bombay"
Superdad~~ supertata Can we find this Croatian fan from Euro 2016 and let him know he is a legend?
"But I am le tired. Yeah, can we wait, i was about to have lunch now."
"awesome but I hope she can afford the insurance and registration and the Gas. Russell Westbrook brings tears of joy to single mom Kerstin Gonzales, surprising her w/ @Kia he won as All-Star MVP."
"Just wanted to thank everyone for their replies, they helped me today. Strategies for dealing with depressing during Postdrome? Hi All, This subreddit has been a wonderful resource for me--not least of which is finding out that I'm not alone in my experiences! I was hoping to learn from anyone who has tips about how they deal with the extreme exhaustion and (for me) terribly sad thoughts and moods that come during the postdrome stage. Within an hour of killing a migraine with medicine, I can barely move, with every joint feeling 50 pounds heavier, and I more often than not will spend the next 8-24 hours in and out of sleep and tears. I can do little and often watch netflix or tv, but doing so often makes me feel worse because I just want to get better, and usually am stressed about the lost time (I don't like being forced to do nothing more than watch videos, I like to be able to watch videos when I feel like it). Does anyone have any strategies or activities they use to brighten up the postdrome time? My sister at one point suggested that she'd write me a letter every time I went through the migraine depression, but aside from that usually not being enough to counter the blues in the moment, I get too many for her to be able to keep up and write about new things. The idea did get me thinking about whether other people have thought of small activities (painting? penny jar?) that get them through it without thinking about the whole time as a loss. Thanks for your help!"
Man if Patterson gets his routes down and develops chemistry with Teddy... Teddy's Deep Passes
"""The Monty Python star is now happily married to his fourth wife..."" What a schmuck. John Cleese's alimony battle with Alyce Fay Eichelberger left her better off than himself"
"Just cutting out the middle man, buzzfeed A surprising number of reddit posts came directly from other reddit posts/comments."
"I wish I could use the snapshots, I simply cannot play minecraft without optifine. Minecraft snapshot 12w37a released"
My cultural dick is so huge I will club you to death with it. swordfight my cultural dick nerd
"At the rate in which he writes it, I think GRRM dreads the pages in that book too. Book Stannis would never burn his heir. At least I hope not. The books haven't gotten that far yet. As much as I want Winds of Winter to come out I dread what lies within the pages of that book."
"Yeah, he published a book about a school shooting called Rage and ended up asking for it to be taken out of print later. I remember reading that it was also so he could release stuff he thought was more out there without possibly effecting his image"
"The PRC is about as ""communist"" as the DPRK are ""democratic"". British ""Rule"" would be better for the people really though. Actual Democracy, Freedom of Speech etc... Beats communism."
"Sit around over wine and talk about their oppression. Guys of reddit, what are the most cringeworthy things women do?"
She is too perfect. Taeng Fanservice
Ocarina Princess H3 Ocarina of Time 3D or Twilight Princess HD? Which is the better game?
#nodaysoff Can't train all the time.
Maniac gets signed to G.O.O.D music and starts making beats with Mike Dean inb4 OpTic Desiigner
What's an MSR? My local Academy has put their MSRs back out on display. Said they weren't selling. Go figure.
What's DDF I don't see any vendors matching that acronym in the list. I dunno about credit card. You should get some BTC and head on over to DDF though :)
"Yes, we should have some type of reverse affirmative action where we force random wealthy white people to live in poor black neighborhoods so they can be mugged by the community to improve the local economy. Is White Flight A Racist Reaction When blacks start moving into a white area and white folk move away and take the tax base, the property values, their collective social and intellectual capital with them, is this seen as racist?"
"You can also substitute one of the three whiskeys for Captain Morgan, but be warned, he hates Mexicans... I've always heard this described as Jose being substituted with Johnnie Walker Black, so it's all still technically whiskey"
"And why the hell would rigged machines *show* what they do? Touch screens often suck and people don't trust the machines, so even a faulty touch by the voter is perceived as intentional sabotage by the machine."
Gotta get that filibustering practice in for when they get that House seat. but they're just practicing what they eventually get paid to do in court
"I really hate the popular conception of presidential powers, it's incredibly frustrating. Although apparently they will be if he signs them."
"How does one mush a dog in a warm place like San Diego? We mush ours. And we live in San Diego. It's all about finding what works for the dog. We exercise when it's cool: mornings and evenings. On the days it's especially hot, we keep him cool in the house with plenty of mental stimulation. When he needs the exercise on a hot day, we've got a lot of options out here with air conditioned doggy camps... even a water ""park"" for them too. If you have a great dane in a 350 Sq ft studio, then okay... maybe that's not great. But when a husky is indoors, it should be tired and/or mentally stimulated. An apartment won't hinder any of that."
We're witnessing the fall of Rome. The imperial presidency of Donald Trump: Stand by for tweets divorced from reality and a Cabinet full of corporatists
I want this to happen so bad. Oh man Fournette to the Saints would be the best story in the draft. He's been a legend in New Orleans since he was in Pop Warner.
Clones... not likely....
Pretty... good? You're...pretty good.
"needing more boxing glove arrow Or, you know, just arrow through vitals?"
"Hyperbole I don't even know if that's true for 20% of Reddit. Much less 99%. You have to think about the sheer volume of traffic Reddit gets. You can add up every single comment that you know for a fact was from someone fat, and what would that number be in a ratio to total comments and total users here? But I'm not even sure you make that calculation from comments that you know for a fact are bv someone fat. It's more likely you make that assumption from anyone who denies something like that. E.G., you may probably assume I'm fat from this comment I'm writing (125lb, 5'7 male, I'm kinda underweight actually). I'm all about jokes. But your comment is essentially a shitpost. You have to put effort into humor for it to be funny."
"Not so much a light damage comment, but there's nothing quite like getting your elevator shot off in a Halifax and your plane suddenly pulling up harder then if you had an elevator (no idea how the wings can survive it). To those who complain about light damage killing you..."
"Great troll 10/10 What if I buy a one way ticket to Japan on a simple travel visa or something, and stay? No bachelor degree, I know the rules. What if I brought some cash and basically tried to just live in a cheap hotel or something while I try to make it out there? I want to leave my home and just fly to Japan, and live there, even if it means living like a bum as a street musician, hoping to find a place that'd hire an English foreigner so I could be a legal resident. What's the worst that would happen if the police pick me up and see that my travel visa expired? Just deport me back to where I flew from? And I don't care what city in Japan I goto, as long as it's safe for White people. I don't mind living and working on a farm. I just want to be in that country, work on my conversational Japanese, and eventually find a cute Japanese gamer girl to marry. Do a lot of native Japanese women like white guys? Maybe older ones that like younger guys? I'm 27 now, and apparently look a lot like Hugh Jackman. What are the chances a woman would want to marry me and give me citizenship? Not a joke, seriously considering just getting a travel visa and a one way ticket to Japan, or a round trip if I legally have to but I'll just not use it."
It's so fucking baffling. This lineup is why Sam Mitchell should be fired.
"This is nothing to do with why the public sector costs so much. Yep ""the public sector costs SO much!"" .....because it actually follows the law."
Exactly what is being solved by today's nonviolence? Relevant for recent world issues
"Your cat is awesomely cute. Ive got a meth lab, and an orange cat. But its always been orange. I've never watched Breaking Bad."
"Well, until it crashes Minecraft, without defining any terms of victory."
"The SUR kitchen staff need to be in the little corner of the TV, throwing shade at what is transpiring. The Sur kitchen staff need to be featured more on the show, they can just be commentators to all the craziness. Hahaha I loved it when they were high-fiving each other when she got fired."
"Sergeant Johnson uses a railgun sniper rifle in the beginning of Contact Harvest to pierce through walls and hit a target a long ways away. Why is the railgun even a thing? I can understand the need for a medium range power weapon from a gameplay perspective, but from a lore standpoint, under what context would this weapon be deployed? It isn't really an anti vehicle weapon, the travel time of the round and the damage attest to that, and the rocket launcher is a much more friendly user design. No charge time, much higher damage, faster follow up shots and at least some variants come equipped with lock on capabilities, plus the technology is much simpler and cheaper than a railgun. The limitations of the weapon would only really make it useful in the hands of a Spartan, a zoomless midrange weapon only really worth it against Elites and Knights when there are A LOT of them around and the need to pick them off quickly so they aren't overwhelmed means it would trump using a more conventional weapon, but that is a very specific situation. This makes sense when you're a lone Spartan, but besides the Chief, and especially nowadays when there are so many S-IVs, how many Spartans PLAN on taking on that many Elites and Knights alone?"
Needs banana for scale. It's Almost Impossible To Tell This Butterfly Is Actually A Robot
"There's a good chance he's just read this on a conversation elsewhere on social media (tumblr/fb most likely) while looking back at missed opportunities... I mean... it is definitely shitty logic on his part, but i make sure not to complain about a dearth of men to someone i have rejected and i like to receive the same consideration. It stings to hear that stuff from someone who doesn't want you."
Yes Wasn't that Trent Reznor?
lol There were only rolling bombs for the next 3 minutes and eventually we had to leave to play the tourney
"Oh that will be great, we will be happy to meet the leader of the Guava Party and discuss improving the relationship between our nations The president is most welcome! Also we have an actual Technocratic Party; the Guava Party. They'll be attending your event."
I definitely would. Serious Question - If Cain gasses out again do you think the EPO rumors are true?
At least I didn't blame you. [M] Wat [/M]
"Metroid worked pretty well when I put it on a GBA emulator on my iPod. Sonic CD played fantastic on my phone, I was thrilled considering I didn't know anyone with a Sega CD. Then again, it's one of the slower paced classic Sonic games and most of the dev work was 3rd party. But it controlled great."
"At least 2 of those goals were pretty soft. Let's talk Holtby. Am I the only one who thinks 2 goals could've been entirely avoided if he would've just poked the puck off the guys stick instead of waiting? I understand patience is a virtue and all, but you can't let him skate 2 inches away from you and not contest it."
"A fair number of us are looking forward to the game and don't want it to be crap. If she's a bad developer, the game will be bad and in that case don't buy it. If she's a good developer, you'd be doing a disservice to those eagerly awaiting the game by removing her. Politics are petty and stupid, and it would benefit more people to judge someone put on a development team based solely on merit."
"by God, I swear I saw syanda in-game once, and the whole game I was thinking of syraku... ...dammit. Well, shit."
"gotta have that family guy board game. After using a ""gaming"" laptop for the last 4 years I figured it was time to really ascend."
"Bale played really well last year and was vital to their success, not sure how that's a non-football related move in the least. while already having di Maria who performed wel there? I don't think so. Di Maria saved himself by showing his not known versatility. Buying Bale was primary a marketing move and comparing penis sizes with Barcelona and their Neymar move."
"Half of the MOVs have IS, so I'd be happy if they gave him that one I feel like they're going to give him a synergy or multiple synergies that don't necessarily fit a lot of the top tier play styles and that you may not see him in as many lineups. But just speculating, and could be completely wrong (trying to be optimistic that everyone won't use him)."
"Most of its non-rare drops + draconic visage were made free to play to sell (but not use) when it was made f2p. Just realized, is there any reason at all for f2p ironmen to kill kbd? Seems like a huge flaw if not"
u wot m8 Still a Leo. Not that it means shit but I like lions and at least I didn't get cancer.
"What fetishes do you think the people of AH have? OpenHaus Submission Thread #48 Feel free to ask whatever. PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT QUESTIONS AFTER THURSDAY. YOU WILL BE SUBMITTING TOO LATE FOR A QUESTION TO APPEAR IN THE EPISODE. IT IS POINTLESS TO SUBMIT AFTER THE SHOW FOR THE WEEK HAS BEEN FILMED. Rules: 1. You can only ask one question per post. Don't have a very long question, but please explain yourself to avoid being vague, but don't drag on in your explanation. 1. Communicate with the other people submitting questions. Up-Vote or Down-Vote the questions you like or dislike, so the best questions can be answered, and the bad ones can be filtered out. Comment on the questions asked by fellow Redditors and discuss the question freely, we want to know what you guys are thinking. If you think a question has been asked before on a previous QA, say something. Don't spam posts or over-comment on a discussion that is basically finished. 1. The QA's are a place for a polite and meaningful discussion. Please be kind to the hosts and your fellow Redditors, we're all friends here. Avoid asking ""meme"" questions, and stick to the good stuff, we're here to talk about subjects seriously, with a little humor on the side. 1. Please use correct grammar, spelling, and punctuation. A properly-written sentence is much easier to comprehend than a lazily-written question. Proper grammar is highly preferable to bad grammar, proper grammar is easier for the hosts to read and understand, while bad grammar only causes confusion, and your post will probably be down-voted. So, get your questions in! -Obama"
"I can see how that could get awkward I've done that, but while living in student accomodation. Gets kind of weird when you don't want to date any more."
"Pointing East, straight at Old Port. Watch where you point that thing"
I hope your husband stops beating you so you can complete your sentence If everyone's beating their wives then no one's bea
"...yes, and if you don't know the social and economical differences between European/Australian Muslims and American ones, I'd recommend you read up on the topic. Do you think American muslims are any different?"
"But Seasonic is notorious for its reliability, more then any other brand i know. Yes. Its plenty of power. Something is probably wrong with your PSU."
"IIRC more of a loophole in classifying goods vs services than an actual exemption, but more or less the idea of the law. Wasn't this just lifting a previous tax exemption on private fitness facilities?"
Interestingly: this sentence is longer than most false rape accusers ever face. Man jailed for secretly filming his sexual encounters (the relevancy being that such behaviour has previously been suggested as a possible protection against false rape allegations).
The boys' lips looks like a pumped vagina. Now Kiss
"Obama again, hes just a cool president, and he did a good job Lincoln"
"I can see the actual tip deforming slightly, but it's subtle enough that it's just as likely a video artifact. I think you can see the blade dull slightly in this one if you watch the very tip. Might just be the material bunching up at the point and then going under the tool."
"That's the thing, it's a very complex issue, and boiling down happiness to geography/religion is *at best* meaningless. Not to mention, the old lady *conveniently* leaves out the part about U.S. Foreign Policy, Drones, 2 wars, etc... So the U.S. might have *some blame*\* for the lack of happiness in many of those unhappy countries. ^^\* ^^but ^^by ^^no ^^means ^^all ^^the ^^blame"
Basically every final boss theme from Kirby. Does anyone know of any good songs from Nintendo's library of games
"I've decided to stop putting up with them, mostly. True, but I've gotten used to those comments after 20 years. I'm somewhat surprised you haven't."
"Red bell pepper and broccoli would make that look amazing It is pretty tasty, just really ugly."
"Reddit loves the SR-71 hahaha I still don't understand the physics of what's happening from the video - can someone ELI5 please? TIL 80% of the SR-71 Blackbird's thrust at Mach 3.2 was generated from its ability to harness energy from the shock waves it created, thanks to special retractable spikes in front of its inlets. Its engines generated the other 20% of thrust."
KODOS WINS THE ELECTION! VERMIN SUPREME WON THE ELECTION!
Fodder Cutter What is this? (not a turkey attack)
"Naar een festival, Schijt aan de Grens (nog nooit van gehoord), 's avonds uit eten in Utrecht en de stad samen verkennen (ik doe graag iets 'simpels' op eerste dates). Leuk! Wat gaan jullie doen?"
"I'll google around for it, thanks. Have you seen the mono red eldrazi/artifact deck? That might be a route you can take"
gross lol How else is she supposed to entice the discriminating pedophiles she meets online? It's a buyers market right now bro
"Yeah, I think everyone is being a bit harsh... I may be misunderstanding the sign, but I thought it was like a motivational thing. Kinda like saying ""hey do what makes you happy."""
"MAMA SITA! Hope gw likes long haired latinas. (f)irst post, please be nice. ;)"
His CAC then. He is active duty
It took me until reading this comment... It took me until they brought out the chair...
How much can you pay? So how long before she dies?
Waiting for GTA frenzy to die down? Watch Dogs release date has been set-back until Spring of 2014
"No regrets I worked at a pet store. Long story short, they fired me for taking a dog to the vet. They would have rather let the dog die and not have a vet bill. The dog lived."
"I think it will take somewhere between 2 races and 35 years. How long do you think until Kyle Larson finally wins a race? When Kyle debuted a couple years ago, I couldn't keep my eyes off him. I began to follow him when him and Jeff Gordon had that exciting 2nd place battle at Chicagoland in 2014, the way Larson rode that high line so close to the wall you could slide a piece of paper in the gap in some ways reminded me of a young Jeff Gordon. I dubbed him as ""my next guy"" when Jeff retired, and it's getting frustrating to see him put so much effort into each race only for him to come up short. I don't know the exact number but I think he's had at least 10 or more races where he could have won if not for a mechanical fault or an inopportune caution. So my question to you is: How much longer until he finally pulls it off and the whole NASCAR world explodes in excitement? (As it will when Chase Elliott wins his first, and so on)"
"Pants that look good leave no room for this. Dudes *do* have purses, in fact we have four of them most of the time. They're just much smaller and built into our pants. Chick jeans typically don't leave any room for actually making use of the pockets, which is why chicks typically require a purse."
Probably a dispensary ...but where did he get them?
"Honestly, this makes the finger poke of doom look better. Slight exaggeration, OP."
sure if u will start at the gatekeepers we have 5 people there
I think someone found there most adiment admirer. Someone misinterpreted the dress code for my feast....
Post FX settings changed a while ago too :\ The horizon looks so much better in this screenshot than in the current version.
I was a bit intimidated by rainmeter at first but it turned out to be very simple. Don't have any I recommend because I don't use them but head over to r/Rainmeter! There's a lot of options and they will help you get setup if you haven't used rainmeter before!
Just like every Mcree player.. How McCree Feels At 12 O'clock...
Ik heb geen zus. M'n zus heeft geen paard D:
"r/nba doesn't even give a fuck about Wall in general, doubt they would care about this. Probably the only positive outcome is that Otto looked good and we may see a gif of Wall on r/nba for breaking the record"
"Or don't delay it and release it like shit yeah good idea! I dont care, just stop delaying the launch of the damn game"
"I just died a little inside. Chrome sucks ass in touch, I've just moved to ie11 with next to no problems."
"In the settings you can pick the quality of streaming and downloaded music. You can? I think it doesn't go that high though, does it? How would I do that please?"
There was work the next day. Just sayin'
Mike Evans Quarterbacks with great playoff schedules? Everyone keeps talking about holding on to Winston for his cupcake playoff schedule.. Who else should we target?
"Sorry, you're right Italy was for Iranian diplomats. Is this a joke? Italy had nothing to do with the Chinese. In Czech Republic and the UK, that was the Chinese embassies paying people to hold flags. What a dumb comment."
This Photoshopped. Hillary is running!
"I'm sorry, but if it were my girlfriend, and she didn't want some douche TSA worker seeing her naked body, I wouldn't want him seeing it either. I seriously doubt he cares if anyone else sees me naked."
Get a job? What is my life
Maybe the same outcry that happened with Cernovich's business info was posted in an article? Gee thanks Ghazi. What do you think is going to happen with public info that anybody can see?
As in he sucks on the field or more like he has a bad influence in the locker room? It's been suggested Hazard is one.
"is Marseille the Arsenal of Ligue 1? If only Lyon players stop being injured all the time, Monaco stop selling their best players, Marseille stop being Marseille..."
"no I'd rather have him in, I mean he definitely needs to play better and with more energy, but it's not like he's the exact and only reason we're sucking right now He might as well not be playing honestly lol"
"What time do you usually play? Ps4 looking for group of friends that are dedicated Mrrayge82 is my psn 34 yrs old, central time zone and have mic"
Carlton... You missed again! PUMP catches fire.... AGAIN!
"Wait, really? RIP George Takei."
Maybe if you took off your fedora she would get you out of the friendzone I think she one of the most beautiful women out there. I would marry here In a heart beat if I had the chance
Democracy didn't start this The Fire was started by anarchy and Democracy should be used as a tool by anarchy to find the truth A small update to the helix/dome dichotomy
"Greninja can't catch a break lol first he gets nerfed by Sakurai, and then loses to Charizard X Don't forget Greninja"
16th When can we expect the next Nest Migration? August 22nd was the last time nest migrated. Could we expect another migration this upcoming week or maybe in two weeks?
"Your just a cheap pillock ripoff (AMA) Hi all, I'm u/joethesaint, I know everything about Southampton, Tadic, Koeman, Brendan, Mane, Redmond, Fonte, St Marys AMA Lol I miss Pelle :("
Have you seen his username? I suspect that you are Donald Trump. How do you buy so much stuff!?
it fooking better be a bowl of some kind. A bowl.......
"I have a teacher like that, only it's an art class. I have been contaminated My spanish teacher REALLY LOVES minions, which I am ok with. Today however, we were doing a pass-the-ball type participation thing, exept the ball was a minion plushie. I had to touch it. I had no choice. And now my teacher knows I hate minions and is planning on stamping minions on all of my assignments. Help"
Definitely NSFW r/glorp
"I hate it for the most part, but I think it makes a very small number of songs sound better. Guys I'd like your opinion on this - Skrillex speeding up his songs live I feel that the songs sound cheap when skrillex speeds them up in his live shows? Or do you find it more enjoyable when sped up?"
"sorry, I had a roommate who would take scalding hot showers to relax her muscles but then she'd complain about dry skin lmao Well, they're not quite THAT hot of showers."
"That's ""new"" and was introduced during the patch that removed heroics from copies. Also you can mount up while using ultimate evo"
"but it's not rape because shut up ""'I met her on a bus,' said the man. 'She invited me back here. Oh God, it was hell. I can't walk. Please help me.' "" Oh man, that made me really sad. :( I hope these poor victims can get justice. It's sickening how people treat male rape victims."
There's tons of proof you waste of spunk. Exactly!
"Jebs law disproven? Jens Bergensten on Twitter: ""Ported another feature back from MC:PE to Java (for 1.10): surface-level mine shafts in mesas, originally made by @_tomcc"""
Sanders should replace her as DNC chair. DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigns
"This submission would be a lot better fit for r/mildlyinteresting. ""Creepy"""
You could probably argue parody. How can you ft Donald Trump without his permission? Asking for a friend.
"I remember when it was $11 per bitcoin I feel like an idiot. Begin the thread of ""I remember when it was $___"
Why? Just don't combine it with members of the NBOMe series and you should be golden.
I'm standing beside myself. Short Circuit doesn't near hold up.
"Squatty Potty What products look like a gimmick, but actually work really well?"
"The ""name"" Can someone fill me in here? I'm a little confused. Is ""Aimbot"" the ""name"" (not real name obviously) of the person? Or are they banning all 5000 SR people who use Aimbot?"
"Jamaal Charles for $31 For those of you who have drafted already, who was the biggest steal of your draft so far? Curious to see who you guys got."
A pimple? I'm not sure what this is on my elbow
"You can't expect reasonable behavior and logic online I made a post here asking what the sub thinks about a AdM for Cavani swap. I was taken apart, some even called me a troll. Now this thread looks like somebody swapped this entire fucking community."
What happened? ACT essay score cancellation? So which countries got their essay score cancelled?
Can anyone lighten me up with the difference between verbal abuse and offensive language? What report do you have to use the most?
"Me too bro. Oh shit, you did break this to me. Damn."
"Why are you giving ""food"" and ""landscape"" in the same category... landscape photography is definitely the most artistic and the hardest to do... on the other hand anyone can do portraits... I work with a bunch of 'photographers' who spend a lot of time comparing their hardware and boasting about what lens they plan on getting next. Not a single one has ever had a picture that I didn't immediately think 'A smart phone would take that same picture' ... though I guess when they just take pictures of food and landscapes- like I cant see the same thing a million times over on instagram...."
I see what you did there. But has anyone really been as far as really decided to go do look more like?
"I'm used to it haha, usually it's around 30ish fps. How do you manage to play at 20 fps? I had my game drop to 35 one time and I wanted to F6 and shut the machine down. Literally unplayable."
"alright, I want all the 100 percenters to meet down at Zucoti park, we're gonna protest anything and everything I am the 100%"
"Thanks for the reply! Cause of bork attack speed. You do get off many autos in duels, so I have found it very worth to build IE."
"Let's also consider that with the flow of sick people in and out of doctor's offices meas they don't have the cleanest of surfaces aside from where the doctors actually work. Yeah, now that you mention it, there really isn't that much staff at a doctor's office at one time. And the ones that are there are in the exam rooms 90% of the time. I assume most dangerous things are kept locked up but that still doesn't eliminate the danger of sharp corners and heavy things that can fall over if a child climbs on them."
"looks like everyone is playing nice here... this is one of those issues where it's fair to say ALL of us don't approve... regardless of political ideology, so if we're all on the same side, what can we actually do? Obama demands full-scale renewal of the warrantless wiretapping provisions of the FISA amendments act. The same warrantless eavesdropping that was a national scandal, and a symbol of Bush radicalism, has now become an expectation."
"i don't get it, unless you are blind or are Zac Stacy Yeah I didn't even know he was traded to the Jets so that would explain why. I mean he did only get 31 carries last year. He got 973 yards on 250 carries for 3.9 YPC AND 7 TD's as a rookie. Obviously not good numbers but the Rams were horrible. I find it hard to believe he's not a capable back up in the league and there's some starting backs I could see him performing better than. I mean Ivory last year was 1,070 yards on 247 carries for 4.3 YPC and 7 TD's. Pretty comparable. Matt Jones last year was 490 yards on 144 carries for 3.4 YPC and 3 TD's. Hyde last year was 333 yards on 83 carries for 4.0 YPC and 4 TD's. Jay Ajayi has looked horrible. Ameer Abdullah is coming off an injury. Tl;dr I think he should be on a roster."
"Yeah, megathreads are the worst. Mods have been deleting all of them, I guess because there's a ""mega-thread"" that's two weeks old. It's impossible to sort through unless by new and half those comments are awful."
"What he is saying is that an Athiti devo bhava campaign followed by an Athiti sewa tax won't solve the problem, because if we go by the pattern that's what Mudiji would most likely do. Hahaha foreigners don't come because of the taxes? Hahaha"
Valentines Day D: Traffic... What's going on? I noticed traffic is terrible surrounding Lenox mall. Is something special going on? People got their tax refunds or something?
"Cursed eye is decent for clearing out rooms of normal enemies but the teleport is the worst in longer bossfights like the hush/ultra greed In response to Cursed Eye I'm guessing? Haha, yeah, I actually kinda like it. I find if I can shoot well-timed bursts my DPS is actually improved by it. Teleport is annoying though still."
*fetuses There were babies aborted!
"also, the OTHER animated Titanic Movie. Look for Avatar, Batman and Robin, Battlefield Earth, The Cat in the Hat, Quest for Camelot, Signs... **But the only one you can't miss: THE ROOM**"
"Seriously, PRich looked pedestrian... I was hoping for the stadium to implode in on itself and there to be not a single survivor Edit : ok Larry Fitzgerald can survive but he chooses to play out his last year on the Hawks as a tribute to the entire dead cardinals team... And he doesn't count against the salary cap.... And we drop prich"
"When the music hits you, you feel no pain. Stealth Kill."
"Hey England, how was the world cup 2014? West Lothian Question."
"I'll take ur shit does anyone need a sli bridge? black, came with my mobo, cant pay for shipping"
Can't tell if stupid...? Can't tell if sarcastic lol
"Not sure if this is what you mean but ZF+Choice implies the existence of nonmeasurable sets of reals while ZF+Determinacy implies that all subsets of R are measurable. What are some instances where two different math systems/methods give two different (or sufficiently different) answers to the same question? Not just a different answer in terms of something else, but a different answer in terms of the same thing."
"This was taken from just under 30 stories, so Pearl (if you had access to the Penthouse) would only add another 5-6 stories. Great shot. I only wonder how much more dope this shot could be from something like the Pearl, but great shot none the less."
"I just Googled ibuprofen 1000pks, apparently it's really a thing. I can't decide which is the strangest part of this story. A dog sliding pills under a door because the dog feels that the person the other side of the door is in need of pills or that you can get bottles/barrels of ibuprofen containing 1000 pills! Maybe I will pick up a couple of bottles to store in my apocalypse bunker."
"Fourth person to stand up clapping; likely the one who starts the cheering. Since I got to this early, I'm gonna be that one guy who stands up first and starts clapping real slow, and then everyone else starts clapping and it turns into uproarious applause."
S What should this subreddit's mascot be?
"you're fucking dogshit low elo get on ur feet bronze trash What elo are you, lets see who is low elo"
When he is getting a blow job. Under what circumstances did Neil Degrasse Tyson do that? Anybody know?
Wen schert's. live updates zur Cannabis-Legalisierung
Batteries happen to be the bottleneck for renewable energy sources as well. They seem to forget how batteries are charged.
"I thought it said pennies and thought ""neither of these will be that bad"" A naked Julia Roberts with 16 penises OR A puppy wearing a sombrero."
Not quite as fun as tactics though Final Fantasy Tactics: Dungeons and Dragons At least that how I see it.
Find what? Find it yet?
"Why does it need to be killed? It'll work itself out over X years though - people will still shop for houses based on the payment, but they'll do so without counting on the tax deduction. It's going to be a painful 5-10 years whenever we do it, but that shouldn't stop it getting killed."
"\o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ \o/ Baby born on day 300 of sobriety! I have been active here on and off since my last drink on May 16th, 2015. It's been a really tough haul. My husband is also an alcoholic, kept drinking, went to outpatient, had a business (and his livelihood) fail, all while I was pregnant. The decision to even have a child in such a volatile time was, as I see it now, our last ditch effort to prove to ourselves how okay we were, that we could still function and tick off all the right boxes. (It's not like I could just get pregnant, either. My husband has a rare sperm issue so he did a lot of lying to me and his family to convince me to do IVF and them to pay for it. The whole thing was delusional and extremely fucked up, looking back.) Well, things really turned around in October, when he went to treatment, and then again in January, when he got a new, stable job. I'd been sober the entire time. Being pregnant helped a lot, though I know it's not the magic sobriety bullet for many people. I'd basically reached a point of choosing myself and the baby over my husband and was prepared to leave. It would've been horrible but I decided I couldn't live in delusional hell any longer. But as soon as the job was squared away (there was more denial and delusion with the failing business, a lot of dry drunk behavior) and we both really saw 2015 and the years before with clear eyes, if was as if we got handed a brand new life. Everything is so stable. We communicate. We're back in therapy and it's actually working because we're both committed and nobody is lying. I can't imagine drinking again. When I drank, I used it as an excuse to indulge in what I'd call my ""real"" addictions of anger and chaotic emotion. I'd never learned to control myself growing up (had a mother who didn't know and wasn't capable of trying to teach). So I'd drink and become a hot mess and it was a chicken/egg thing. Was I a mess because I drank, or did I drink because I was a mess? Either way, I was drunk when I yelled at you so just deal with it! (I'd say.) My biggest reason for never wanting to drink again is that, in the worst fucking year of my life, I figured out how to regulate my emotions. I went to every extreme in the book sober, of course. Being pregnant didn't help. But I coped with a lot of the bullshit and past pain that I'd been avoiding AND a whole lot of ridiculous new pain. I did it sober. I didn't fall back into my patterns. I'm so proud of that, and it was really hard. I never want to give it up and go back to ""dealing"" with life the way I'd been doing it the last ten years. As an added bonus milestone, the baby was born on my 300th day of sobriety. I'm so grateful to have my son, and to be building this family. My husband has been amazing. He has a good heart, though he got away from it for a long time. He has always wanted to be a father, and it shows. Of course, there are a lot of endorphins swirling around, so I feel super optimistic, but I never could've imagined being here and feeling this good 300 days ago. I'm fully and completely a new and improved version of myself. And me figuring some shit out (a work in progress for the rest of my life) couldn't have come a moment too soon, since I now have someone else to introduce to life and the world. Thanks to everyone on this sub for your support, I'm so grateful for the opportunity to share here!"
Hes gonna pop a blood vessel Sweet victory!
"Precisely! Have them appear in the game regularly, and make sure they always offer the party something. ""Elrond says hello."" ""Elrond gives you some lunch."""
"I can't wait in 50 years when someone posts pictures of DEA agents standing besides piles of confiscated marijuana and our grand kids laugh at how stupid and ignorant they were. A federal agent inspects a 'lumber' truck after smelling alcohol during the prohibition period, Los Angeles, 1926."
ER MAH GEHRD AMTHYTS! MyTeam Players What are some good amthysest players that are not point guards?
"skipped, please read rules until the end! IGN: lunette Deposited: wingull f 1 great ball GTS Message: i want to fill my dex"
"Only on the Reddit can you find intellectual humor like this :D We insult people by calling them assholes, dicks &amp; pussies - some of the most important and essential body parts. We should be calling people we don't like an appendix."
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK KEVIIIIIIN DURAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAANT FUCK KD HOOPLIFE!
"That dress is so beautiful, he looks amazing. I love that album cover so much. He's killing that dress."
and invasions should let you fall from the damn sky (use red eye ring for max awesomeness) Those legs better god damn fly. And evasions better look like a small scale pursuer charge.
That lance is dope af. the six heroes are in a band
"They may have won the battle, but they got slaughtered. How does that affect the point? A unit can be successfully employed on the tactical level, but unable to change the larger strategic situation for a variety of reasons. In the case of the Philippines, 26th Cavalry *did* effectively screen the withdrawal of Amero-Filipino forces into Bataan."
Lenovo Y510p SLI version :P 240W?????? what kind of laptop do you own??
Yeah of course I pass safely but I want to get people to learn that they can't walk there (preferably without them thinking I'm an asshole). Just deal with it dude. It happens. Say hello and pass slow.
"Pretty soon this will have to be come an subreddit based subreddit based subreddit thankes to a based subreddit. If this gets 1000 upreddits, this subreddit will become a subreddit-themed subreddit"
"I say this in the kindest terms possible; If you want to close your account based on something that childish, you're a fucking idiot It bothers me that my IRA acct# begins with ""69"". It just so... *crude*. It only has $1100 in it and it's new. I'm thinking about closing it, but I also don't want to give into my OCD tendencies. What if by the time the 7s role around I'll get 7**420**74318? Would it be such a bad thing to close it based on something so trivial or should just let it be?"
Hahahaha I can't argue with that. Both pics reflects wonders of science
"Anyone else seeing full price on almost all of them? PSN: Persona 4 golden, demon souls, soul sacrifice delta, and catherine all on sale"
Whites vs blacks. I hope they wear the all blacks.
"I dunno what you're talking about, my Ascension is swag af Can we talk about how underwhelming the legendary backpacks (hours upon hours + 2k gold~) versus the 700 gem glider on the store is? I mean, people put hours and hours and much more than 700 gems worth of gold into theirs. The legendary backpacks don't flap, the auras are much poorer than the new backpack. It just seems like an all around ""fuck you"" to everyone that made theirs."
"Why don't you just play music over Bluetooth frustration with the 2013 Elantra Limited sound system I bought this car last spring as my first vehicle. I absolutely love almost everything about it and purchased a subwoofer and amp to enhance my music experience as my daily commute includes a lot of driving and traffic. But the sound system is an absolute nightmare. In order to use my iPhone 6S with it, I had to buy a special hyundai 30 pin adapter, and then a 30 pin to lightning converter. $70. The cable is very thick and less than a foot long, unplugs itself very easily, and plays static over the speakers that you can hear during the song. If i plug it in and don't pick a song to start playing, the system will switch over to FM radio in about 5 seconds and will not read the device regardless if its still plugged in. Sometimes the system will play a very loud high pitched ringing over the song I picked. THEN for other iphones, the system will disconnect and state it cannot read the device randomly WHILE their music is playing. I've been tolerating all of this for months but last night was just embarrassing with a car full of people where it was disconnecting constantly from my friends iphone and then making the high pitched ringing. I can't even pair bluetooth to a friends phone while the car is moving, and that process itself is tricky to figure out. I just wish I could get in the car, plug in my phone through my normal music, and have the music start playing consistently. Or to be able to switch from radio to my phone without having the reconnect it, like with my old car radio. Does anyone have any ideas or solutions in getting the system updated/replaced through Hyundai? I'd replace the whole system but a kenwood/pioneer radio thats just as good with getting it installed is simply way too expensive for me."
Yep i have a horrible feeling hes going to be running the show at Chelsea for the foreseeable future :( No one's mentioned Fabregas? We let him go way too young and for way too little money.
"It's the tea they're probably worried about. China cuts all trade with England, capturing any remaining British soldiers, sailors, goods, and ships."
That in fact I am the only person in the world and everyone else is a fabrication of my imagination making the entire planet a fictional dream. What your favourite conspiracy?
"Keep in mind the feminists most likely to embrace these trends are the ones who should be putting more clothes on. Am i the only one who thinks that the no bra business was ""the patriarchy"" teaming up with feminism? Seriously, think about it, which demographics would really want women to walk around with there boobs bouncing more and their nipples visible through the fabric? I can only think of men, and lesbians (i wont vouch for them as ive never felt lesbian attraction but i assume its similar to mine as a straight guy)"
"I met her when young she was exceptional then, wonderful. I met Julia Gillard after she did a speech as part of her book tour. She signed my copy of the book and let me get a photo with her, even though we were told ""strictly no photos are allowed"". She was very warm and friendly."
# INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR MEANINGFUL ANSWER How can entropy be reversed?
"Fallout NV made you **respect** the wilderness. I mistakenly didn't wait till I was a high level. I looted a few rockets and some mines from minefield. I found a deathclaw, immediately panicked, and tried fleeing. It was too fast. I ended up firing missiles at it's legs, to cripple them, while hopping/jumping/running away from it backwards. Once it had crippled legs and was slower I could use mines and shoot it, of course. I died a few too many times, I was way too low a level... I didn't attempt to kill any deathclaws for a while after that... Fallout was fun."
Aaaaand they've JUST quit making videos (2 hours ago) This is such an underrated youtube channel
TRIGGERED. Marry that shitposter before I do.
u in australia? Same here I've been hoping my tax return will get me a set MCA Blues or at least close to.
Yep Views is the best album of the year then for sure You get popular by making good music wtf is this comment.
launched last year. But it was launched just days ago
It's because you're not an entertainer I don't understand why he gets so many views he's not entertaining his face in 3 inches away from the screen and he's average at the game
"What if you don't celebrate Christmas? Why do you think that there shouldn't be a shift in consciousness? If you're seeing these new ideas everywhere, perhaps that should tell you something. Would it greatly harm the world if you couldn't go see a movie on Christmas day?"
Credevo che la Libia fosse messa molto peggio Per Saint Kitts and Nevis = Uruguay Per Antigua e Barbuda = Libia Per la Guinea Equatoriale = Regno Unito
:) YOU QUOTING ME IN ALL CAPS MAKES ME LOOK LIKE I'M ALWAYS ANGRY. I HAVE A SOFT SIDE YOU MOTHERFUCKER.
"Starting off I thought that they had a very similar sound to a lot of other bands, but about halfway it starts to sound very original and her voice has a quality to it I haven't heard before. The Peach Kings -- Thieves and Kings (2011)"
"True, I'm sure the marginal nature of Bentleigh played a part also. There's been loads of death at the St Albans and Ginifer level crossings as well, but that about as safe a seat as labor can get so we'll have to wait."
:) neat this has literally been posted every day even today your the second to post it and its still not new its happened since X and Y
"which would be a good thing. Conservs can't think past the end of their own noses. If they open the precedent of prosecuting Clinton, they leave the door open to prosecute Condolezza Rice, Rumsfeld, Cheney, and Dubya. Go for it."
"I have an x-box 360 with games, 5 year old me would go crazy. What would your 5 year old self think of you?"
there are probably a few actual billionaires that would help with the legal fees of anybody who broke them...probably some law firms that would take it pro-bono too just to fuck with Trump. Hopefully those NDAs will be voided by criminal lawsuits.
Most of the judges on my ballot were appointed by Scott anyway Fun game: imagine an election where the justices don't get majority vote for merit retention. New fun game: imagine the justices Rick Scott would install.
Can we get some details about what is needed? Mr. N Mrs. ForgeTM (I need a web dev asap) You must have experience and you must have done at least 2 vendor sites on fakeid before.
"Putting peanut butter and candy on top of ice cream isn't a ""dish."" I actually really like when people tell where they purchased the groceries and what brands they have used. I find it very helpful and informative, especially if I want to recreate their dish."
Sometimes with these posts I don't read all of them be chase it gets too difficult That was hard to read.
"I think he'd be smarter to push 'TAG Heuer' to close the 50 hp gap to Mercedes Well Christian, tell your team to get off their asses and make it happen instead of expecting a great car to fall out of the sky."
"WE LOVE YOU SHARON! Sharon Li, LMQ Manager, talks about LMQ's transition to the NA scene"
"It is a condiment tho No Patrick, mayonnaise is not a condiment. Horse radish is not a condiment either..."
"I want to see Wisconsin get dismantled I now have no desire to watch tonight's game though, I was looking forward to something magical"
Don't forget the music video on three laser discs. Now as far as 8-tracks go. . . *That* would be a hell of a release!
"Nah, the chat as cancerous as it was seemingly in a hive mind state agreed that the game looked ""awful"". I think you misread confusion as disdain."
This is like one of the big internet/phone providers protesting teksavvy by creating shity service along with service disruptions to existing customers just to show them how they shouldn't leave for teksavvy. Toronto cab drivers threaten chaos during Pan Am Games over Uber
"That's bullshit, if you report something illegal, no matter the policies, you should be protected by law, not chased by it. I don't know about Australia, but at least in America the confidentiality of school records (especially financial ones) are taken very seriously. Regardless of the politics behind the leak, you're not allowed to share another's private data without their permission."
Clarkson signed it...? At this point with the rebuild fans need to stop being angry with clarkson's contract and start demanding that the man who signed it is shannacanned.
yikes apes.png
Not if you understand anything about construction. Smells like bullshit.
"Guns. On this subject, what retaily products does the USA produce any more? A Couple I can think of off the top of my head * Salt * Chocolate(if you can call it that)"
"your IP isn't, and if 20k people go on that sub they'll know they came from here (especially if we talk about it) then make up some fake news plus its most likely a honey pot anyways just avoid it, its bullshit and gross Well aren't upvotes anonymous?"
You can't just have the minimum pieces of flair. Saw this car last weekend. 11 stickers.
"Apathy because he's really nice and under the radar, but he's also really buff. Every Pro Player is trapped in a room and forced to fight to the death. Who wins, and why? I'd say Phizzurp. Drop the double smokes and he's out of sight."
Brock Lesnar Who is Looking like the favorite to win the Royal Rumble this year? I hate to say it but all signs are pointing to Reigns again but I would love to see Ambrose or Bray pull it off
Some day Isco and Jese are gonna be the kings of Madrid. Isco's dazzling skills from his first season in White.
"PSN: TheSylntChamber Crotas end 2nd chest (after the bridge part) CP, only going to grab the chest but it needs basically 6 people. GT: xX_arbera00_Xx PS4"
They got these red velvet ones at Kroger filled with a vanilla cream cheese frosting so good Mmmm cupcakes. I like mine red velvet with vanilla frosting.... yum yum. Fuck I want a cupcake now!
Skyforths don't exist yeah but skyforth are expensive as fuck. I would like to have CI viable for casual players as well. gating it behind really expensive items is not a good solution. Yeah i understand there are other ways to gain immunity to stun but they all require incredibly high investment. And usually it is just better to go life then.
"A lamp, a fan, a couple of toys and if worse comes to worse this computer. If a man with a knife barged into where you are right now with the intention of murdering you, what's something within 10 feet of you that you could use as a weapon?"
Odd comparison.. :/ How Does The New 718 Porsche Boxster Compare To The First Generation 986 Boxster
"You got it from GloriousGeorge for taking a good pic of your corsair merch? I recently won one, and I think its wonderful. Not too heavy, nice solid button clicks, stupidly huge DPI range, really good sensor, software is simple and easy to use, and the mouse fits perfectly into my hand."
I feel like I'd want to take a shotgun to it after an hour or so. Omg! I want this table.
"I was wondering why the glock suicide rate was so low, then I remembered that getting killed from your glocknade blowing up would be ""accidental death"" not ""suicide"". Did you guys hear 1911 owners are 45% less likely to commit suicide? Not because of less attempts, but because jams. GLOCK PERFECTION!"
"Nobody called her disgusting and I'm not talking about her specifically - I'm replying to comments where people talk about the topic in general I might be in the minority here, but I didn't see anyone calling her disgusting. If she's marrying him, then yes it is likely that it's only for his money. The reason being because marriage creates a financial and legal obligation such that if they divorce or he dies, she stands to gain something whereas if they just are bf/gf and break up, she doesn't get money. No one was saying that she is disgusting for doing that, it just is a fact that if you want to chase a man for his money, marrying him creates a greater obligation than dating alone. He gets to have sex with her married or not, so it's not like much changes for him other than a cash loss if the relationship goes south. I honestly don't see anyone hating on her, moreso pointing out her motives for why she would want to marry an old rich guy as a young 21 year old."
"Source? Why? Studies have shown, in the US at least, that the more heavily armed an area is, the lower the crime rate."
"I hate myself for watching these Guy asks stranger hot girl to ""come home and have sex with him"", his whole channel is unbelievably creepy"
Law and justice on every corner! That's a lot of PIS...
You live in Appleton? I had an internship for a paper plant's IT dept. last summer. They wanted me to prepare some old PCs for donation.
"remember Mongolia Ok I got it,but remember bofors."
Yet another reason to switch to PC They're just hurting themselves :/
"He's trying to reinvent himself, and good luck to him. Why is Durka not using his handle? Why is Durka suddenly Gareth instead of Durka? Rebranding? He's doing a great job with the casts though!"
"Someone call Niko Bellic to pull a distraction, quick! Fuckin' pedestrians."
Yup Stormrage right?
"Yeah, without gay church musicians, the entire industry would dry up and cease to exist. I think churches should have the right to fire someone if their sexuality goes against the church's practice. If this happened at a mosque they would have no problem letting this gentleman go, and I wouldn't have a problem with that. His beliefs would be going directly against Islam."
"Excel in everything Importance of doing well in all classes vs. excelling in major I'm an incoming freshman and I'm wondering if it's more important to do well in all your classes, or do reallllly well in the classes for your major? Like do employers care if you get Cs in subjects not related to your career? (ps. sorry if this sounds dumb.)"
Should be there Temple of Goodsprings is absent from poll despite submission?
I can't even play NXT this time... I get black screen upon log in... Anyone else getting way worse FPS this time around in NXT?
"Not as delusional as Liverpool fans. Well, both groups are delusional."
True fuckin point. Not if she is cute. If she's cute then she can easily latch on to an unsuspecting guy who will gladly support her.
"Jokes on you, they love bacon and have no problem fucking animals as it is :p I may have found the solution to the refugee rape crisis"
x10 p90 storms Looking for the least riskiest/cheapest trade up contract Looking to do some Trade Up contracts what are some or the best to do with the least risk?
"Super Hexagon is fucking awesome, many an hour wasted on the throne playing it. Like Super Hexagon for example."
"I think hes acting :) Hes got the ""mask"" on, you can't imagine how much more different you are with a disguise ... lmao cant fucking tell if his entire persona and appearance is a meme or legit"
"y r u so gud at stories? Still your friends - A FNAF story ""Caleb? Caleb, can you hear me?"" ""Ungh.....euunghh..."" ""Caleb! Wake up! I'm sorry! I really am!"" *beeeeeeeeep...* ----------- I open my eyes to find myself in pitch black darkness. In front of me are my friends. Freddy....Bonnie....Chica....Foxy....and Fredbear. ""You're broken."" I hear a voice say. My Fredbear plush's eyes light up a bright blank white. My Foxy plush slowly disintegrates into nothingness. ""Foxy! No! What's happening?!"" I shout. ""We are still your friends."" I hear a voice say again. Chica disappears too. ""Are you doing this?!"" I turn to my Fredbear plush. ""Stop it!"" ""Do you still believe that?"" A voice says again. Bonnie is gone now. ""If you're my friend, you should stop this!"" I shout. ""I'm still here."" The voice says again. Freddy, just like the others, disappear. *""NO!""* I scream. I grab hold of my Fredbear plush, clutching it tightly. ""I will put you back together."" I hear, loud and clear. Despite my best efforts, my Fredbear plush leaves my hands and vanishes into thin air. All my friends......are gone...... My tears hit the ground, as I see myself slowly vanish into the nothingness."
"I had no side effects from Clomid or Femara, and only got a bit more emotional on stims. I'm beginning to wonder if I'm in the minority, here. The only thing that happened to me on Clomid was headaches, and a hot flash around 11 pm that maybe lasted 20 minutes. I've had no symptoms from Follistim or my trigger shot (Ovidrel)."
Herp derp 'non duped' lmfao
Im trying to make it to that as well. Yep. I've been a deadhead for 30 years and have seen them 26 times. I'm going to Chicago for 3 days in July to see their final concert(s).
"Stops bard tunnel tho, I'm guessing they would be coded the same or similar I doubt it. There could potentially be some awkward interactions where Talon could get trapped inside a wall."
Georgia? Georgia
That is true... Frankly I was more worried about the cucumber though. Not everyone is ready to hear about the goat.
Congratulations. Me and my wife had a newborn daughter that passed away 2 years ago from trisomy 13. After 2 years of heartbreak and trying to have another our wish finally came true.
Yes Correlation or causation?
"So Todd, did you hit it? That's adorable"
"One word, Bollywood. Can anyone ELI5 why this is happening to women with such frequency in India? I can guess, but confess to have so little knowledge of the culture and current state of affairs over there that the best I can come up with is pure conjecture. All the same, my guesses follow these lines: 1. Women have little value within the culture, thus their brutalization comes from thinking of them as less than human or as possessions? 2. Is this a form of retaliation by traditionally minded men who object to women becoming more independent and less subservient?"
"When you have a dick, you get really good at putting it in openings. That underwear flap, do you actually use it? Or do you just pull your dick out of your underwear to pee? Cuz it seems to be that I'd be fumbling to get my dick through the flap."
"Fakedra, Fakedra, Fakedra How you gonna raise those boys, boo? Phaedra Dishes on the Workout Video Drama with Todd"
Browse New for a while. I am yet to see these kinds of hateful posts. The majority have been pleasant enough
You sound like a problem drinker You sound like a blast at parties
"Oh damn they fucked up big time General Motors waited years to recall nearly 335,000 Saturn Ions for power steering failures despite getting thousands of consumer complaints and more than 30,000 warranty repair claims, according to government documents released Saturday"
I'm sure he's trying to troll but just failing to actually succeed. You're amazing in the way you get the point and it still flies over your head.
"They use voter files: states maintain a list of registered voters, and the campaign knows where they live, which elections they voted in, possibly their party ID and race, and some other info. I figure it's probably a limited bit of data. Probably much of it from publicly available info. I wish I could work on a campaign and get paid for it."
Since fucking when is vaping a corner stone of Mom and Pop business? Are you ready to do whatever it takes?
"Sure hand me 20K and then add 25K to my tax bill ... Except even in the mincome experiment, they deducted .50 for every dollar earned. So its not that simple, and with your model everyone gets a pay raise. Where is the money coming from? If you took every penny the government collects, it would not cover half of minicome for an entire country."
"If he has a cuckold fetish he still needs a semi attractive woman to find someone willing to fuck her Was looking for this comment so I wouldn't have to make it. What self respecting man would marry someone like this? Unless of course, he doesn't and he's settling because He has a cuckold fetish"
I love Cali but the earthquakes scare the hell out of me. Earthquake! Anybody else feel it?
color me jelly That v taper tho
Definitely don't see a doctor My left pec is really sensitive around the nipple and sometimes the nipple itself has a slight blue color to it. This has been going on for about 2 weeks now and has never happened before. I am a 30 year old male. Any ideas on what it could be?
Episode 4 is nuts I watched all 4 episodes (I couldn't help myself) and this season is so good. It started with action right away and I was completely hooked (again) making it hard to look away from the episode or even stop watching in general.
"Well personally I would hope that the United States would not commit to a war that would ultimately kill thousands of Americans. Yes, they need to be contained as they are a threat to the holy land and I would like to see America step up to the plate."
"FYI there is a TAPP as well, (or something like that) its the equivalent Atlantic to the pacific partnership. TPP: The Dirtiest Trade Deal You've Never Heard Of"
It would've been pretty funny if he somehow botched that Zardes goal vs Ecuador(2-0)
My flair name is a lie now D: Minecraft Far Lands or Bust - #364 - Team Sobriety
"Thus ended the community that was r/Xboxone Dude, nobody has bought it on Xbone and no people have talked about it on YouTube OMG!! (Use search function.)"
Sorry it's so long lol! To be honest I saw how long your post was so I just read the TL;DR haha. I will read it when I have more time. I love long birth stories :) Congratulations!
"Decentralized banks are already here: Bitcoin Bill Gross: Get ready for driverless trucks, universal basic income, and less independent central banks"
There's a HUGE difference between a casual pot smoker and a pot head. George Washington smoked pot too...
"oh Jesus. I hate to be ""that guy"" but OPPA SARANGHAE DAEBAK OMMO CHINGU AIGOOOOO"
"Thanks! I don't use the longsword but the weapons you make from carves of rathalos and lagiacrus are pretty safe bets to be great for most weapons. *Wyvernblade fire* and *Thunderclap* will not dissapoint, there's your go to fire and electric weapons right there. Feel free to forge more weapons if you want, but that means more farming and hunting for materials."
"I think he sees anything with a vagina as a sex object, and that it applies to girls below the age of consent. Holy shit. I'm being dead serious here...Do you think he is a pedophile?"
"Oh hell, this worked for once... probably because I used a fresh email, but whatever works. Peanut Labs - Request Covergirl Lip Stain - 60 SB I got credited pretty instantly. I think once I submitted my mailing address, it credited."
"I'll be looking at some further details tomorrow then, I'm convinced :p Toledo is moving up my list. Compared to a ""typical"" small town: in general, earnings are upwards of 100% higher depending on field, with cost of living being a fraction higher (maybe 20%; Dayton as mentioned is actually cheaper than my home small town). I don't know a ton about the job markets there since I've never tried to work in any aforementioned place, but I would assume they are above average - at least compared to small towns."
"I was trying to add to your point somehow, having Hindi as an optional language will be good, but having it as the only alternative to English is bad. Man, where have I said that Hindi should be forced down on anyone?"
f RIP Coach Bud
Shit ~~Fatphobic~~ Concerned Parents say Shit Fatphobic Parents say.
He didn't QSS anything but did get the speed boost from it. what did he qss? was it just a waste of active?
This is actually more interesting than the ottoman empire thing. Red Dead Redemption takes place after the Cubs last won the World Series
"All I could think was ""What if the chicken was alive"", and then it became very disturbing. Chicken plucker"
Network Engineers Hate Him! Fucking clickbait title though
this is the worst one ;-; Manual breathing activated.
"Anyone calling themselves a ""space expert"" instead of a ""scientist"" is definitely not someone I want advising me on who should be sent to Mars. Space experts say sending other humans to Mars worth the risk."
"i would watch the shit out of that That could be a reality show: ""Sherman and a megaphone""."
"If there are ""free breasts"" in the legislation, I haven't seen it...and I'm sure that they would only be for transexuals anyway. I only saw the words ""Free Breasts"" in your post."
"I want a GOTG replica belt and a Drago whole attire replica really, really bad. Merch? I'm pumped after the Season 2 opener but the official El Rey website has zero merch at the moment. Does anybody have any knowledge if this is going to change soon?"
"Your sister is disgusting, OP. My sister likes to try to flush once a week. The smell is one of a kind.."
Well I mean they need something compared to how much attention the grineer get. The first thing I noticed after the update are corpus tile gets a lot of texture &amp; lighting update.
Holy shit you're right lol I would guess next week but if we're lucky Friday! Tomorrow is December 1st
# WHAT? HE CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER ALL THIS YELLING!!!!
This is common knowledge. PSA: All cars bought from a website are automatically fitted with a tracker and insurance
RIP legendary chances One of my LFR Emerald Nightmare tank's was a female Dwarf Brewmaster. I was in the presence of a God.
The best people. I'm hearing this from many people
50 headshots though.. I am not about that. The Lynx with iron sights is a beastly weapon and the pistols are very nice as well (except for the RW1). I suggest you try them out. :)
"Can't see it in the Splash, not pronounced in the model. I... what? That's the exact outfit she wears in-game, you just can't see as much cleavage in the splash art because of the angle."
"Okay wait - from all I've read and heard, this guy in Florida wasn't on the terror watch/no fly list - so what does this do anyway? Donald J. Trump on Twitter: ""I will be meeting with the NRA, who has endorsed me, about not allowing people on the terrorist watch list, or the no fly list, to buy guns."""
"As I'm reading this thread a kid in my English class is talking about how his Grandpa hates and goes off on any Japanese person he sees because he dislikes them, not because he's racist. What is single-handedly the stupidest thing you have ever heard? I have heard some stupid shit in my life. I'm curious to see what stupid shit I've missed out on hearing."
"Intake and output are both on the left side of the tank Where is the intake placed? I used to have the output and intake placed on opposite sides until I changed it around to put both of them in one spot. The water gets pushed outwards, usually hitting the wall and then circling back around towards it's initial release."
"I dont see California anywhere, because we the west is the best! Which U.S state would you absolutely refuse to live in, and why?"
"Thank You! If you're on Windows 7, there's a program called Snipping Tool that can do it easily, you just drag and it clips it into a jpg for you. On some older systems you can press F12 and then open Paint or Photoshop, create a new doc and Ctrl+V to paste, then crop it down (because it will have copied your entire desktop)"
"Holy shit,I just saw that comment 30 minutes ago. Fucking told"
"You do not have to accept their nonsense at all... Paul Joseph Watson on Twitter ""So who decided that ""colored people"" was a racist slur but ""people of color"" is trendy?"""
If that's an email you can copy and paste the address but I agree a qrcode is probably better. How I do my little bit for Bitcoin
The nasa article used in OPs source claim does. Irrigation was never mentioned in the article.
"The alpha was confirmed to be only running at 25% of graphical ability... It comes out in about a month. It's not long at all especially since the ""alpha"" didn't play at 1080p/60fps. You can save my comment and re-read it after it's confirmed. I will be right."
"Because if you aren't a child and do this, you are an idiot Well, she did aggress on a police vehicle. That looks like a knife in her pocket. Better to pull the gun and tell her to put the weapon down. She's looking confused and not complying? Better shoot her and sort it out later. But seriously, if you aren't a child the police will mess you up for this."
"Almost half the population of those states voted against Trump. Let's make sure when everything goes to shit, everyone is reminded that it was MI, PA, and WI to blame (FL, not sure why, but I'm giving you a pass this year). Sometimes I wonder, do people actually like being in swing states?"
Doesn't violate thank you post rules. The Gauntlet Has Shown The New Points System Is a Good Change Has been a very exciting weekend of watching the EU/NA LCS. Riots change for the point system to qualify for worlds has been a terrific change compared to Season4. Just wanted to simply say kudos Riot &amp; company!
"Thx! So it's apparently just called ""Rollercoaster"""
"Imagine HotshotGG experiencing that, the barrel of laughs I'll have.. I heard Nightblue quit EU because is constant trolling Anyone fill me in? Personally I think it is hilarious watching him complain on stream but I was curious how this went down."
"I hear he has a long memory Careful, Lackey will remember this comment."
"Instant cast abilities are insanely obnoxious to lane against. Yes, they should just remove the cast animation on his Q, he would be a bit stronger just from this small change."
Ugh exactly how beating metro last light felt The worst feeling
"56 minutes Just wondering, how many minutes combined? Cheers!"
"That very well may be, but you are forgetting that the holocaust is the worst tragedy in all of human history and no other event will surpass it. I'm Chinese. He killed more of my people than Jews died in the holocaust."
He must love the Autobots. Look out! Grenade!
Reps for Jesus. Supaset
Mans on dem pogba shirts already Wide Angle shot of Old Trafford
"Manch...I think I know one other brony here...:( [](/a14) NH! Just north of Concord here, you?"
Everyone loves dragon dilders tho What about dragon dildoes? Id say those are the least used in war
Sad but true. Nobody besides law professors reads the dissent opinions.
"Thanks for my happiness pupper! Even if you don't, you are still happy!"
"Don't worry.. You got my faded out vote.. Everyone in Ottawa talks about the 1976 Grey Cup and ""The Catch""; but that's mainly because that's the last time Ottawa won the Grey Cup. We did win it another time in the 1970s, and that was a sweet 22-18 victory over heavily favoured Edmonton. Just wanted to note - Edmonton is often the favourite in games played against Ottawa. Just like this Sunday. And maybe, just like that Sunday, 42 years ago, Ottawa will command the field and the scoreboard once again."
"Liberators aren't that great vs toss honestly, they just seen to die a lot, if anything is getting nerfed it's most likely ravagers or nydus allins. Dream on with your balance whine. Liberators are relatively cheap, easy to mass and have EXTREME DPS vs ground forces. The problem is that they trade for both cost and supply with Blink Stalkers, which are probably the worst PvT unit in the game. This allows them to zone and choke Protoss to death. If you don't see how the liberators are far too potent for their cost... Well..."
#Salim2014 Yes we can Reddit! Proof that Yogendra Yadav and the furniture was moved to take the photographs (Context in comments)
"It often results in significantly lower penalties, and obviously lower lawyer fees if you are hiring one. Yea I do not understand why people plead guilty in a country where you are innocent until proven guilty, unless you are maybe trying to avoid the death penalty."
"Finnoscandinavia. Nordic justice systems tend to focus on rehabilitation, so sentences are typically shorter than they'd be in the US, for example. Also, Finland is not a part of Scandinavia. Denmark + Norway + Sweden = Scandinavia. The word comes from Scania, which originally refered only to the southern part of Sweden which was under the control of Denmark at the time."
Tone's tracker cannon has also had a very noticeable rate of fire nerf. Exact Titan Balancing Numbers: Salvo Core (Tone) does 20 less dmg per rocket. Flight Core (Northstar) does 50 more dmg and finishes 2 seconds shorter. Predator Cannon (Legion) 8-10 less dmg per round.
For a small fee I'll put 'the crack' in your nearest postbox. Current status about the crack?
"Welp, I never even noticed that he has a hobby like that in HR I like how his clock tinkering carried over from HR. All the watch pieces by his computer made me happy."
Radioactive waste removal What job would be the worst to do naked?
"He actually succeeded - in getting his ass banned. Negative 100 karma. You are trying, right?"
"""Get me the fuck off Mars"" by Matt and the Damonotes If you were trapped on Mars, what song would you definitely want to have in your playlist?"
"The Bible app for reading scripture, the Laudate app for reading the missel and for common prayers, and iRosary for help praying the rosary. What Apps Do You Use I am looking to connect with more of my Christian brothers and sisters, I am wondering what apps are the most popular. Right now I am using Instapray and the Bible app."
"It's all a HUGE CONSPIRACY. Which would increase traffic to this subreddit! Clearly the engineer is a mod on this subreddit pulling a scam. Don't fix CO leaks, make people confused, they use the subreddit which is designed to help confused people! The perfect scheme!"
"Yea I always pull 1nug out and put it in a different bag and smoke it last Does anyone else keep an ""emergency bag""? I take the tiniest nug from each pick up and put it in my emergency bag in case I ever feel the need to smoke while dry. Well, I just used my emergency bag and I thought to myself, ""I can't be the only one doing this."" [4]"
This thread doesn't have the *capacitance* for lame puns *Watt* seems to be the problem?
"Not in Europe afaik. Week begins Sunday, but WikiLeaks might not realize that."
Very nice but slightly out of focus Portrait from a recent family shoot // ISO 100 f2.8 1/160
"Its hard not to be cynical. And the worst thing about it all is that so many innocent people, women and children are getting massacred there everyday. Once you see how deeply clan and tribal bigotry is ingrained in all the Somalis you see who have fled to settle in the western world, you'll understand why I'm so cynical about it all."
"You could buy two h80s for around $100 then zip tie them on... I have a card without a cooler. I bought an r9 295x2 off a guy from craigslist for $370, he had it water cooled n stuff and showed me it in action so I know it works. Problem is, I don't have a water cooled system and can't set one up. Where would I be able to find a cooler that can cool this beast of a card?"
You're twisting my words. Who from LI hasn't been personally affected by 9/11? It doesn't mean I'll call all Muslims or all people from the Middle East terrorist.
and these are the guys police officers rely on in cities to report crimes since the number of police officers in Chinese cities increases incredibly slowly. Some people just can't march
"Just checked the video, he's sniffing the whole time as well. How much cocaine? Look at that man's eyes. Look more closelier. You will see it."
"An aging boomer population is a more probable reason, even if it doesn't conform to your ""everybody's a lowlife leech but me"" mentality. Then why has the number risen so dramatically in the past few years? We've become a nation of entitlements."
He's almost there That face though.
8====D O: 8===O: 8=O: 8===O: 8====D ~~ (': I like a girl with a strong neck.
"ORAS was better than X and Y and FRLG were better than the initial pair of RS What was the other one? I think most people agree that RSE was better than FRLG so are you saying that HGSS was better than DPPt(because D and P where shot on a lot for being slow) or are you saying that ORAS was better than XY(because a lot of people like to hate on X and Y, and most people seem to agree that more megas were pretty cool)"
"Not much, but he had his cameo in BH6, too. Stan Lee throughout the movies."
Now THIS is newsworthy Colt McCoy named emergency long snapper
"Well he actually wanted the show to die a long time ago but networks want their money. Old Family Guy was good, but now the animation and the jokes got lazier and lazier. It just now all seems a bit too impersonal, ya know?"
So you have never hit on any girl you helped right? I see your GGG who gave you a jump and raise you my Scumbag GGG from a few years ago.
The real question is whether or not anybody actually wants to play it Lol no
Delafield checking in. Hard hitting news in today's paper...
Slide out and into style! They Start Young...Age 0+ Young...
I call it red rooster but fro now on will call it red rocket. I also refer to it as this. Always get weird looks in asian restaurants though...
Which is strange because all the kids are dicks. TIL some parents are willing to lie and say their kid is autistic to hide from the embarrassment that their kid is just a dick.
Nothing more barbaric. South Dakota executes first inmate since 2007.
atta boy! 64 gb 6 in space gray.
"Those eyes are freaky deeky man. My pawn got possessed, I don't want to hurt her, but she is killing me."
Yes! Yes
One after another? 6 that I put on my resume.
"yah, funny how that works isn't it? You wanna throw down, broseph? That's a rhetorical question because hell no, no one wants to."
"Doesn't look like the big bang to me. Haha, he's supposedly shielding his eyes from the light of the big bang. In reality, there was no light to see. Nothing at all that we would describe as an ""explosion"" if we could somehow see the universe the from outside. I find this a bit ironic because Dr. Tyson is generally the one criticizing stuff for slight scientific missteps, eg Titanic for having the wrong layout of stars in the sky. Except this oft-repeated portrayal of the big bang is not a slight misstep. It's a much larger one than getting some stars wrong... That rant aside, I'm very excited for the show and am glad to see it airing on a network that will (hopefully, depending on the time slot) reach a large audience. NDT is a great educator and I hope this show reaches around the world."
"I haven't heard any music in this game since January... if you don't count the proximity spam. As a BR100, I miss this so much :("
Development time perhaps? It's been around for 3 years yet I've only seen it for the past few weeks!
"Except you totally can. Well there wasn't one point where I couldn't see my opponent hovering over and through their cards/emoting, so I don't think that I can really recieve that information unless I'm connected..."
Pretty sure you see Bart's dick in the simpsons movie skateboarding scene... I don't understand how South Park can get away with showing naked little boys. I imagine it wouldn't be possible with the girls.
"if you're up for the north east there a SHITTON of 100k software engineering positions in NYC and greater boston area. In case any prospective employers read this - no, I never get bored with my work, I am always punctual and enjoy doing what others tell me to do. In all seriousness though, I do get bored doing the same task so the idea of working in a boring job for a year would kill me. With my former employer, he gave me a lot of flexibility and and freedom so I worked with him for quite a few years. I'm currently looking for work now but I'm having a bit of a hard time finding suitable work. I wouldn't mind finding a interesting programming job if possible. I have applied for a job as a service engineer - the job involves quite a bit of travel and problem solving so I think it could be a good match for my personality."
"Don't pug on sundays. Ppl doesn't bother to know how to do Aetherpath correctly. Today's pug it's been crazy (worse run ever) First of all, sorry for my english. (not native language). This morning, i was doing events on Orr and did Arah p2 with a good pug. After that, i remembered on Aetherpath dungeon and thinking it's been a while i didn't do it. Ok, let's see lfg. I enter in a open aetherpath dungeon, they were at sparki &amp; slick. I dont say anything and I begin to kill sparki, and for my surprise, all the group is attacking slick (wtf i think). Obviously we die and wipe, and tell to the group the mechanic of this duo boss with the ooze. This time we kill sparki but we die killing slick at the end due to the damage for not cleaning the oil. I tell again the importance of that and this time we can kill the boss (only 2 of us stay alive). We continue to the holos and the generators... and arrive to Spur. This boss is hard if you dont know the mechanics, when to dodge, or use stability skills... Finally we can kill him... after wipe several times, but its ok (2 of the group was the first time doing this dungeon). In the security room its an horror to see how many times they die trying to reach to the platform. After that, we finally arrive at the final boss room, and we can destroy the generators easily. But here arrives the best of all. Any of the group, excepts me, have the right nourishment for the dungeon, neither food. I give them one scarlet potion, it doesn't matter. After tell them how to kill the boss a couple of times, being carefully of the stacks and kill the holos near (or on) the boss... even so, we die time and again. If i remember well, maybe more than a dozen of times. At any given time, one of us left the party without tell anything. Other member say its to tough for him and leave the party too. When I open the lfg system to look for two members, suddenly see the Twilight Arbor load screen. After 2 hours (maybe more) explaining the mechanics of dungeon, wiping a lot of times, and having a lot of patience... i get this. Well, it's been the last time i enter to a pug to do this dungeon. Feel free to add me (Cradig.6031) as a friend if u like to run this dungeon daily like me. But please, only if u know well how to do it. I don't want to suffer another situation like that. TL;DR: Aetherpath is easy if u know how. If you don't, see some videos and learn the mechanics of the bosses, and please, go well equipped (ping, weapons, nourishment, etc...). Don't waste the time of other people who waste their own to explain all the things and finally stand them up."
"*Everybody wants to know about me but they don't know about myyyy~* *I'm having a waking nightmare, I see colors in the sky.*"
Noice Here's little help about the fonts
"D'ya have access to an actual brake, or do you just believe in an aggressive use of pliers? I combined my hobby and engineering degree to set up vertical monitor"
Or Sword Fleets apparently You can't win entosis timers with a super fleet...
"Still liked the bruising ankles and egos line tho Just got chills watching the Shot again Also, Fred McLoud was at least 5 years late on calling Tayshaun Prince a premier defender (probably more)"
Too purple Too small.
It was I was under the impression that was fairly well known by anyone who followed it early into the onset of the outrage over it?
You called? They just get nuttier and nuttier.
It doesn't make any difference. What difference does it make to have BIA in the 2nd slot for all drivers?
the text scroll is WAY TOO fast. CIVBC's State Of The Map: Episode 2
"Surprised this isn't higher up. ""Life insurance pays off triple if you're on a business trip"""
Can we just... pin this to the front page of the sub forever? How I think most of us felt during the best line of the debate
The picture is better by itself. Coming soon to a theater near you
"I'm just here to say, ""Go Big Blue!"" I too desire a standing desk..."
"The chamber in a garbage disposal is pretty large; there wouldn't be nearly enough pressure in a bullet to actually cause the disposal to blow apart. Thats foolish. The garbage disposal is still a semi-closed container. If it were to go off in there, it would still be in a partially pressurized container. The bullet problably wouldn't be directed anywhere, but the disposal itself will blow from the pressure and you will get fucked by shrapnel if you are standing above the largest opening, as one would be."
"To clarify, he was a general under Bush but was kept around under Obama. Democrats aren't going to put up much resistance against him either (I hope) I would sleep easier at night knowing someone with no stomach for bullshit is in that office. The guy was after all an Obama apointee. Especially with lunatic McGee as El Presidente we need someone his experience and balls to keep shit from getting out of hand. And Mattis doesn't appear to think of war as fun, or as some excuse to swing his dick around."
"Sorry, must have been a brain fart :-) At first I thought you were playing along with this succession of sarcasm...Now I can see that you thought I was serious..."
He is basically Thor. Ask him how high he is in the line of succession for the Norwegian throne.
"Have this issue too. How many have this issue? Never recieve bet offer from bots. I have tried IE, Chrome, Firefox. Low traffic hours (doesn't work now either, several hours after last match of the day). Betting different items/value (thought it might be CSGOlounge blocking lower bets for w/e reason). Nothing works for me. How many other people have this issue?"
"I reviewed that Skrillex, Diplo, and Justin Bieber song ""Where are U Now"" New Slice the Pie interface pays better but has a glitch You can make 15c (minimum) every 90 seconds for 50 words. I made $4 last hour which is my high.... I think I'm going to break $6 next hour as some of my reviews are getting 20c ... Double what I got per hour last week. TIP when you finish 90seconds of the track PAUSE the song before submitting and it takes less submission time and also it stops the spinning pie of death glitch (where you get stuck and have to exit without getting paid)"
"I didn't know that the UK had solved the Ship of Theseus paradox. As a point of interest, in the UK there's a points-based system to determine if a vehicle's original identity can be kept: To keep the original identity, you need 8 points or more as determined below: Chassis or shell - 5 Suspension (front and back) - 2 Axles (both) - 2 Transmission - 2 Steering assembly - 2 Engine - 1 Also, you can swap parts (inc chassis) for brand new ones with no loss of points, so long as they're identical."
"same, but alt+z shows the UI but when i try to record it says ""Enable desktop recording"" or something like that I get the ""Press Alt+Z to share"" thing popping up when the game starts, but that's all that happens -- no FPS indicator, no Shadowplay, hitting Alt+Z has no effect, etc. etc."
Her eyebrows... so bushy... and who passes someone a cigarette that small I have a goddamn pinecone. LOOK AT THIS FUCKING PINECONE!!!! LOOK AT IT!!!!!
Sp skill for ark and krantz? Endless FG Stage 200 clear.
"you say that as if the flag isn't a big deal, and then you say ""fuck the flag"" as if it is.... What? For stepping on a flag? Fuck the flag."
They can utilize both Bahamut Treatoad and Infinity. why dinomist?
&amp; Knuckles Manbearpig
This is really good considering the shit he's released lately. umm fuck vic mensa's new shit. yeah i said it.
...and maybe they didnt bother because they mistakenly assumed the nativity would stand proudly erected in the middle of whatever functions the place booked during their holy season? I picture these people camping outside like the black Friday vultures. I love the supporters here saying 'Christians we're too lazy' or 'Christians slept in'. Maybe they just weren't in a hurry to silence others?
no flickering this time Three minutes of flickering.
"Indication of the difficulty. A message in the DLC (minor spoilers ahead) Right by the first bonfire, there's a message that tells you that you should go beneath Lothric castle before exploring Ariandel. Is there an item needed in CKG/Untended Graves? Or is it just an indication of the difficulty of the level? I'm at work currently and didn't have much of a chance to play it before I left. I'd rather not waste time scouring beneath the castle if it's just telling you how hard it is."
"Little did we know, Google changed the name at the last minute just so we could enjoy this. David Ruddock of Android Police is about to hit himself in the face with a Key Lime Pie on the AP podcast for getting the next version of Android's name wrong, watch now!"
All Night Long! Fiesta. Forever.
"If it changes anything, my username is ctrlSALTdelete. Name my unusual!"
john fucking madden Feral druid! So many bleeds and buffs to keep track of.
"You don't need to redownload, you just need to install the ps4 update file. Mine had 15 minutes left then said unable to install now I have to redownload for 18 hours"
A dictator? Yet people voted for Orban. The people get what they deserve.
I sure can - I'll definitely it when I have breakfast in a half hour or so! Could you make a photo of finer grounded puck?
Go Centaur and Bundle then ? not doing 3 for 2 will do axe and tusk though
"Have you looked to see if the sensor is obstructed? ok smart people, figure this one out I have a ASUS new laptop with i5 and other stuff, blah blah that shouldent matter. my problem is that if i play a game on it (even simple games) my wireless mouse gets very glichy and i cant look around because its almost as if theres a tock jammed in my mouse. Im pretty sure its not a problem with my mouse but idk. Is there a fix for this?"
"They are almost as bad as Breitbart, but not quite there. I don't recall viewing any articles from motherjones, salon, or Huffington post."
Which is like saying that the sky is blue. TL;DR the Daily Mail are cunts.
"Chief Wahoo and the Redskins are both very fucked up I feel like, if 400 years from now, we were invaded by aliens and they played space cricket, and they had an American mascot who got drunk and shot guns, i'd be okay with that. I probably would have been more bothered by all the, you know, actual killing of my people."
A binder full of...yep you guessed it. Found this in the Dragonborn DLC.(not a spoiler)
"But where are *they* all hiding? Yeah but tall guys fucken love you, win"
BECAUSE HALLMARK But what if it's a new SO? And why is it that much more poignant when it's an older person anyway?
I put the host in post. I put the ape in rape.
"to each his own, I can handle ecchi, but this looks like more than Triage X levels of ecchi Yea I looked it up, I also saw the *ecchi* tag. I can barely watch any anime with ecchi in it."
All this talk about Talent but we seem to play bad time and time again.. maybe our so called talent is overrated? If we miss the playoffs this year I have a feeling Tomlin will be on a very short leash. Too much talent to keep doing this year after year.
"I want to see the XZ in person soo bad. Yeah that silver option is really the GOAT this year when it comes to design. Then again, the XZ gives it a run for it's money."
Peeing just got a whole lot more fun. Makes you feel like urine the game
but... but emails... You know they'll find a way to blame Obama or Hillary.
"If you only play against those 2 decks, find a deck that counters those 2 and win constantly. I love Hearthstone, but I'm tired of playing against Zoo Warlock and Face Shaman almost every game. What do I do?"
"Try 1.3 million. Trigger the_Donald by reminding them that Trump lost the popular vote by 800,000. Be a shame if this made to r/all."
"What further nerfs to Anivia do we need? Got ulted by Syndra and lived, AMA. No but for real pls nerf her, I'm tired of putting effort into dodging abilities only to get instagibbed by a 45 second cool down point and click ability."
juan. Just juan second... it's two different people!
"Yes please If injuries could kindly **FUCK OFF**, that would be lovely."
"I believe they take Elevate's spot in relegations, which means they are fairly likely to make it in as long as Flex wins their set against the CC team they are going to face (I believe that is this coming weekend). Can they get into the SPL this split?"
Why would a comment about waffles not be serious? I was hoping the waffles w/ chicken comment would indicate I'm not really serious. oh well internet humors.
"Penso che lui voglia dividere i soldi con le modelle, non che sia costretto. Qui e' ovvio che abbiano plagiato il contenuto; hanno chiesto di utilizzare una foto, che non si potevano permettere, e quindi l'hanno ""rifatta"" con le loro modelle. Per saperne di piu' dovrei conoscere le somme, e non capisco perche' la somma va divisa con le modelle - di solito non funziona cosi. Comunque e' un grosso problema nel mondo della creativita', tu magari hai anche una buona idea e la presenti, poi ti dicono no e usano la tua idea comunque. Fuck them. source: photographer."
You've never heard a Spanish person speak in broken English and leave out little words? Translation? It was a direct quote as the man said it in english.
According to wiki they are both nuclear physicists as well. It Was My Proudest Moment
Excel plus mint (for daily tracking and categorizing) I then input the bulk of spending into general categories in Excel. Excel
It's about shoe game. Go be black somewhere else
"I would tenatively say, Ohio City Cleveland, OH (Updated) Gay Neighborhoods of North America"
yea but then everything but the positive tip would be negative which might cause a short you can take the plastic shrink wrap off the battery so you don't have a big logo. then its just a silver colored tube.
"30-Mar Just out of curiosity, when's your birthday? I'm really bored and want to make a calendar with just a bunch of birthdays so if you want to, tell me when your birthday is! Mine is September 22. See if you can find a birthday twin as well!"
"After installing it, me too! I'm honestly shocked by how stable it is"
"Yes, Floyd is borderline drop-able so you would essentially be getting OBJ for Crow. Would you give up Crow and Floyd for OBJ? I was proposed this trade earlier. Not sure because of the way OBJ has been underperforming so far this season."
"maybe an indicator of the color switching as well, maybe a big clock above the goal, or even the goal changing to white then to the next color Could you imagine shooting a ball into the goal and the goal changing colors half a second before the ball goes in? No one would enjoy that. You need to remove the random factor. It would work better if it was more like a half court basketball game. Players can change the goal color by knocking the ball past a line down field, or maybe hitting the ball against a large button on the wall opposite the goal."
"Donating to the USA. Yeah, the jail sentences were somewhat news to me as well. I knew you could get into trouble for selling independently of the CWB, but donating? Sheesh, no wonder some people hated them."
that delayed reaction Pizza Drones still need some work
"Ugh, this whole situation sucks, but this is such a race-bait title. 6 black teens surround and harass Asian female"
people really underestimate the lengths Ferrari will go to to be assholes. and then they blacklist you for reselling after that laferrari
"Have you tried flippin' awesome? I try every taunt, yet i cant seem to get the medic's kick correct"
Yeah that's the worst part didn't they have stripper clips back then? The rifle isn't bad. It's the limited amount of rounds and the need to fire all rounds before reloading that sucks. And the developers did make it historically accurate.
"It's all a matter of what you're into, whenever I go to TML, I tend to not hear anything new, and mostly just spend my time drinking and watching for the weirdest of the weird. I'm 22 and TML is cool..."
"""I have spent entirely too much time outside today."" ""I have a 3 hour layover? SWEET!!"" ... and other great quotes that only an Ingress player would say."
"Perhaps this allows us to get more ""experimental"" products if the market place means the LCBO doesn't have to keep them in-stock and only buy from the brewery when we order. The referenced document does describe it as something of a storefront for liquor companies to list and sell their product, making it more of a marketplace and less of an lcbo only store. I'm sure there are restrictions and probably agreements with lcbo and commissions that need to be in place however..."
"Reddit's new bae ""prime minister Trudeau"" wants to bring in 25,000 over the next 6 weeks. Refugees should just look for other countries."
"The question is: who is to blame in this scenario? True fact: in 1995, the state of Pennsylvania agreed to give Verizon $2 billion (mostly in tax breaks) for delivering synchronous 45 Mbps speeds to all customers by 2015. The cost ended up being about $785 per household. Guess who's not going to deliver on their promises? Also, guess who's not going to jail for billions in fraud? If you guessed ""Verizon,"" and ""Verizon,"" then congrats, you are correct!"
I stand corrected. 6 upvotes? I find this funnier now!
and a very popular one in present day it seems White guilt really is a mental disorder.
"What age we live in, even gold coins can be infected by computer viruses... Enderal patch 1.1.5.3 is out! Minor patches aren't usually worth a post, but this one is what 1.1.5.1 should have been. It fixes three major errors introduced in 1.1.5.1: the broken merchant system, the broken Brave New World quest, and some slowdown due to broken scripts. As usual, (re)start the launcher to get the update! If you have saved your game with 1.1.5.1, the gold coins you carried were infected by a buggy script (causing, e.g., freezes in some mainquest parts). To fix them, use the console commands ""player.removeitem f 40000"" (as often as you need to get rid of all gold) and then ""player.additem f [whatever number of gold you've lost]"". Our apologies for the massive inconveniences."
But I'd like the effect to be permanent and not a dark event There's a mod for additional dark events that includes an avatar deployment one.
Looks like a giant moth Sleepy Barn Owl finds camouflage on my back porch
Size O My family and I got a huge pizza in Florida
That's how I feel with ItG these days. Yes! I used to play Stepmania (DDR on the computer using a keyboard) and it would amaze me how my fingers learned to just react to the patterns without me even thinking about it consciously. Though it definitely uses a good chunk of brain power. I remember trying to speak while playing and I couldn't form words. Maybe my motor cortex was maxed out.
"Thank you! This is all great advice. Also think it's a good idea to shoot out some more apps to other programs that you would strongly consider. Sometimes, admissions are just a crapshoot. You don't know what they are looking for. If you really like Ross and Fuqua, just continue to communicate and express interest. Good luck!"
I think this is the uniqueness that could make soccer very popular in the U.S. So many Florida teams...USOC is going to be an absolute blast.
"probably, but we should not ignore the words of the people who have already resigned due to this. If this guy were a liberal activist the right wing media would have crucified him years ago"
"The same is happening with Tabletop Simulator. Risk of Rain Midweek sale glitched? When I booted up Steam tonight the little popup showed that Risk of Rain was 75% off so I went to buy it, but when I got to the store page, it's showing as no sale at all. I rebooted Steam and the problem stayed, do I just need to wait?"
"There are no bad boobies.... Damnit, why can I not have boobs like that? *flips desk*"
"TL;DR: People who don't agree with me on at least some issues serve no purpose! The GOP needs to die. It serves absolutely no purpose anymore. Think about it. Economically the Libertarian party is the better counter to the Dems. Socially Libertarians are the most liberal, and religious authoritarianism is unconstitutional. Dems are already interventionists, so conservatism provides nothing of purpose with defense either. There isn't a single topic where Republicanism provides a meaningful addition to the political debate. Not civil liberties, not war, not economics, not social policy."
"This is, incidently, considered the most played instrumental tune in the world. Slovenia's most famous folk composer Slavko Avsenik died earlier this month. Here's one of his most famous works ""Na Golici"", also called ""Trompeten-Echo""."
"Viper is already a flying pudge hero, might as well as go all out sounds more like a hero unit of a moba game than a real sc2 unit... we'll see"
"It's not a logical fallacy, it's a theory contradicted by facts. If you've looked around MensRights long, you'll find that they consider the definition of feminism to be misandry, and that it's OUR logical fallacy when we say that misandry is not true feminism. I'll probably be downvoted into oblivion, but that has been my overwhelming experience."
"Well, like you said the whole thing was ambiguous, so we can't exactly know what is right or not now can we? My suspicion is that it's because this is fake. However, given the ambiguity, I was taken aback at all the people who said she was evil and deserved to have terrible things happen to her. If this is real, and if he did keep going for a minute while she was saying stop stop stop the whole time and he was holding her down then she must be feeling pretty awful right after reading that."
"Because you want to only show mastery level not kills... If you want to show Kills/Assists/Wins, then show your Mastery Level! Why would you hide your mastery in the first place? We all know that if someone picks Loki/Neith/Kukulkan/Anubis etc. they are probable Mastery X or on their way to it."
"Rocky Horror is fun, and trans people don't want anyone to have fun because having fun isn't pitying and cooing over trans people every second of the day. The anti-Rocky Horror backlash has begun"
Lmao. It's rather hard for me to make jokes about something that's already a joke
"I left an important work thing at home that I need to get done and I can get it done much faster/better while tele-working. Reddit, what are some of your most creative excuses for leaving work early?"
"Kicking net for president 2016 GIANTS UPVOTE PARTY FOR THE WIN!!! FUCK THE REFS, WE DON'T NEED EM ANYWAYS"
By other players/guilds for stuff like escorting a tradepack. What exactly is mercenary work? Are you hired by NPC's or other players/guilds?
"And Mario has a quick nair to get out of a lot of combos. This matchup is god-awful for Lucario. The neutral is near-impossible to play, and Lucario is combo weight for Mario."
Dogecoins for this mutt. Texas congressman to accept bitcoins as campaign donations
"If it didn't cost a ton, he may have wanted to pay out of pocket to avoid his insurance going up. Didn't have uninsured motorist coverage?"
*Snap* Yes! Slow down!
"Nahh, I'd say I'm more afraid of being stabbed. Pizza man's nightmare. Just happened"
"Maste Ace - sitting on chrome What are Masterpiece Rap Albums? I'm german and for the most part of my life I listened to german rap, but recently I listened to some american rappers and I found some of my most favourite albums ever. For example: Kanye West's ""My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy"" or Kendrick Lamar's ""good kid, M.A.A.d. City"". So do you guys have some other masterpiece albums where almost every track is perfect?"
Wright-Patt? Huge base but still more civilians than military.
thatsthepoint.jpg Damn it. Couldn't you stop typing after the second sentence?
"As long as they're on their route and not at a timing point, they cannot get out for ANY reason. ""LITERALLY in the employee handbook it says you cannot get out of your seat for any reason."" Not likely."
"You need to wait until the transaction is complete. Refunded a game on steam mistakenly, and want to re-purchase."
""".....So.. Should I break up the check?"" I'm a waitress. I had no idea what to do."
"I'm actually wanting something even lighter than XFCE and maybe a rolling release distro. I recommend Xubuntu 16.04, Antergos rolling release, or Arch Linux. I use Xubuntu and it is super lightweight compared to Ubuntu."
"Get those complaints fired off to Perk (and Checkpoints, too) these ads are BROKEN, every time I X-out of them, either the app stays at a black screen or crashes, they need to go away permanently. Bitcoin static ads are back Cheers."
Guess we'll find out over the coming weeks. Has she shown any signs of possible attempts of vindictiveness against them?
"Nah, I just hate dumb dumbs. Damn people have liked to trash on this sub lately."
"At least it makes the big ten look good though. This MN fan says fk you KY, and go Duke!"
"he actually turned down doing a song with them Yeah, I don't dislike coldplay, but I can't imagine them bringing anything too interesting to the table."
"We'll always be a target, that's for sure. Does it really seem that far fetched that terrorists would go out of their way to hit the US? I do not think that it is easy to get into the US and certainly harder than getting into germany, but if you invest the necessary ressources I am pretty sure you can do it and I am also afraid ISIS or the people that are bankrolling ISIS have those ressources. America just seems like such a big target and a beacon if you can pull off a successful attack. Now I am sure the american intelligence community is doing everything they can to prevent these and almost assuredly have already thwarted several plots, but I'd be suprised if international terrorists would not strive to hit the US, even if it is not the easiest target."
"Obviously! It proves that he's the greater QB. Because we know that playoff wins are an individual QB stat, and not a team stat. So it can't be that he had a great defensive supporting cast."
"Yeah I'm not judging you :) Same here - I googled ""Screenshot on Mac"", because I brain-farted, and got the 3 answer, so i cropped some."
"Deus Ex, of course For me: San Andreas, What about you?"
"No, it's not even proof of that. No, but they're proof that it isn't nearly as common as people say it is"
reee Idk but Jewish slaves built the pyramids
RUBBER SHOES IN MOTION Finally! Red Alert Tesla coils.
I just want his wife tbh THEY'RE ONTO US
This is just more proof to me that hate is a learned behavior... Kids handing out buttons at the park
If my girlfriend fucked bdd I'd be proud Almost yelled BIG DICK DECKER! and then I realized my boyfriend probably wouldn't like that. OH WELL! Big Dick Decker!!!!!
Maybe try the DIY sub. Can anyone here help me fix up my nana's cake pan?
"I like that you chose NiP vs Immunity as the grand final Missing ESL Cologne. Best way to watch spoiler-free? Sorry if this is a silly question or if it has been previously posted but: I'm going to be missing ESL Cologne as I'm on holiday and the Internet connection is no good for watching twitch. I was wondering whether there will be a fool-prrof way to watch the whole of the tournament spoiler-free? (Either the whole stream or individual games in order.) If I watch on GOTV then I risk immediately seeing the winners of the tournament on the main page and then risk seeing who got into the final, semi-final etc when on the watch page (as it's usually in reverse order). If I use the ESL channel on YouTube then, once again, I need to scroll through all of the matches until I reach the first group stage matches. I could search for ""ESL Cologne day one full highlights"" but I could imagine that ""ESL Cologne GRAND FINAL NIP vs Immunity"", for example, coming up as the 2nd link, spoiling the whole viewing experience as I'd know who wins. Finally, if the full highlights are on the ESL twitch channel then there's still a chance that the day 4 highlights would be labelled something similar to above. So yeah: TLDR: Does anyone know of a way of watching the highlights with a 0-chance of seeing spoilers? Thanks in advance."
"Well tbh mccree does get countered by genji, but I def understand your point, I play lucio in solo since no one picks healers, The amount of times I've just started getting hit in the back wondering how they even got there is too much, I've mainly learned to just jump around wall riding as much as possible non stop and hope they can't hit me. A message to assaults, tanks, whoever. Protect your supports! Seriously, it seems like a majority of randoms don't have the sense enough to protect their Mercy's or Lucio. Too often is there a Genji or Tracer or whatever in the back line fucking up Angel bitch and rip off Jet Set Radio and not a single Mccree to defend them or something. Sometimes I can understand the inability to do so as the enemy front is pushing in while there is harassment in the backline but it's up to everyone to figure out how to deal with situations like that. Higher ranking and longer playing people need to understand this as it feels like even mid to high diamonds fail to comprehend simple concepts such as this and rage at the supports for dying."
"no sorry sold this awhile ago! I know this is old, but still available?"
I will tell you mine in PM if you promise you won't tell riot and use it to fight the dank side So you think that people will tell you bugs/glitchs that they really don't want to be fixed ? AND you're selling your own (that could be fake) for upvotes ?
Why can an app accomplish this but not javascript in the browser? But the problem is under how iMessage currently works this is impossible due to its way it encrypts end to end.
I have a 720p/1080i tv and i have an option for 1080p If your TV resolution is only 720p. It'll never give you a 1080p option lol
"kutriya *Arey mujhe nahi re, inn sabko utha le.*"
"Might wanna get r/ImplodingChina going. Humor: China Will Probably Implode or another day, another ""China is doomed""-scenario"
I did. Did you just reference Amy's Baking Company?
"Were you expecting ""Space Marine""? I thought that said ""Marine"" like US Marine"
"^ This. A large,kind community that accepts me and allows me to express my ideas and opinions."
"Just do the second to last level of Rakshult over and over again it's like 15k exp every time I'm level 197. So close, but yet so far."
"I feel like I should unsubscribe from there now. r/History is taken over by social justice types. I remember a post asking if Mugabe's Zimbabwe was just as bad as white Rhodesia. Mods deleted all comments and banned people when they said Rhodesia was better because it run efficiently and, while racist, did not actively go around encouraging mob violence and other things towards blacks. Mugabe was given a free pass for his crimes because he is black. Both regimes were terrible, but any good from Rhodesia was not allowed to be spoken of, but Mugabe was. It was sickening, especially seeing as there is supposed to be a variety of opinion and differing bias in historian studies."
"I recall her having a mostly bs excuse for every single loss, there was not once in the book where she said that she just lost to the better person on the day and learned from it. She beat up a few men in a cinema. She beat up her boyfriend at the time once. She was living in her car for some time because of judo-mama drama. She can't deal with losses (reminiscing her judo losses)."
lol sry m7 Obvious foul.
If you can't laugh at this game you are taking things way too seriously. I thought they video poster was pretty much a douchebag for saying that. They know they're being a wiseass.
That is the point he is making yes Are you serious? You don't think philosophy graduates can cope with the contemporary workplace because they're (essentially) too smart?
"500% increase of ""FLAIR UP"" Probably. It cuts down 100% on the stupid ""yeah, you would know ____ as a Texans fan"" comments so, worth it."
Switch hands Grab the wall
"vuolaintg nda had a better frist and second act, but the jl assembling wouldve been way more cluttered and worse than what was in bvs, but 1 and 2 were bette il give him that Just saw BvS in last night in LA I must say now that I look back on our fallen hero Nda's post how many memories I had in this place and dc communities, good memories. Nda was the reason I even joined reddit. He was a pretty cool guy. Vnda I know your still here laughing at us, please come back. Or reveal your secret identity"
samefag newfag
"I think it looks awesome, gives a real alien/futuristic look without going over the top. That's pretty useful. Too bad it makes you look dumb as hell. Maybe newer versions of this wont look so rediculous?"
"""Everybody out......and now run from the scene of the accident really quickly!!"" OK guys, everybody out."
Social anxiety and the fact that I want more than what people who go on dating sites can expect. What's stopping you from setting up an online dating profile right now and going out on a date tomorrow night?
"I can see a movie based on this being made. TIL From 1989-2003 Five secret 'keyholders' protected a vault in Afghanistan filled with ancient Afghan treasures. They withstood poverty, Taliban threats and torture protecting their cultural heritage."
"Does this sub have nothing else to talk about but the genocide and turks? Lying for Turkey is one of the US gov't worst habits The first casualty of the US-Turkey alliance is Truth: Ankara won't accept it; Washington can't say it; the alliance, it seems, can only survive without it."
Having bathroom doors was against the rules in my (state-side) mission. That's why locking the bathroom door was against the rules in my mission.
The new carreirs are designed for STOVL just like the old ones they replaced. The new carriers not being catobar is one such problem of underfunding on new hardware
"Hint:jews 2nd hint: muslims despise them 3rd hint: connect german history tk the jews On my two deployments, every time I mentioned I was of German descent in Iraq I had a great reception. The people there admire the Germans for some reason."
"Unfortunately on my budget, I could only afford the frame of that bike. New mojo 3 is perhaps something"
Some metals and babies. What should never be 'microwaved' ?
And things that aren't the NHL It's not to Toronto centric. To me it's basically a nhl podcast yes they talk about Toronto but talk about the whole NHL just as much
"I just did, thank you! I bought The Sims 2: Double Deluxe from Origin a few years ago and I just received the email a few minutes ago. So just hold out, you should be getting yours soon! :)"
"You can spot them at the roundabouts waiting for all other entries to be clear before they go... confidence is key. As an Auckland driver I have a rebuttal for the provincial drivers I've encountered: Fucking **GO**. You have right of way and you're fucking up the system! Move your ass! Auckland drivers are consistent in their selfishness. Small town drivers change their fucking mind on a whim, and are way more scary to be around."
Polls-plus forcast is more accurate and the actual one he uses. Can someone explain to me why it shows Clinton winning when I go through the homepage rather than this link?
"For some reason this dogs' look reminds me of Stev Buschemi Reggie's face anytime someone says ""treat"""
"It's great, make sure you do a tour of the fjords and see Bergen and Stavanger too, also hike up to pulpit's rock :) Now I want to go to Norway!"
What's your itch OP? My cat is an asshole
"So did he 200 million? multiply that by 2 then add another zero. his appoximate worth in 2015 is 4 billion USD. im actually surprised, i figured he would be worth more."
"but you *cant* refund directly from the developer, which is where people were suggesting you buy it from. You can refund games on steam, what are you talking about? Just make sure you don't play longer then 2 hours."
Well did the prof know how to read Italian? Why wouldn't I? I did the assignment to a T
no. ~~So is it happening or what? I havent slept in like past 30 hours. Will be first to spawn it. Will be. Will be?~~ FUCK THIS SHIT. I AM GOING TO SLEEP.
This is the MSM. Why are most of the major questions mostly batting at Trump? Why don't you release your tax return? Why were you favor of the war? What about your birther movement? I mean where are the hard hitting questions about Clinton and her issues?
"Well, it was activist friends that introduced it to me, referencing it as a historically frequently contentious issue. Is there really such a stigma? People trying to compare their forms of suffering to decide who has it worse (with the main metrics being race, gender, orientation, wealth, and religion) seems to be pretty popular as a pastime, both in the news as public spectacle and in heated debates between passionate individuals."
"I love the nonsense plot, the complete lack of pacing, and the funky moments between the Hulk and Jennifer Connelly. Hulk from 2003. Comes with giant mutant poodles and terrible CGI."
"You had one job, O.P. Outkat - B.O.B. (Bombs Over Baghdad)"
"New t-shirt campaign: ""Defend Reality"". Why I Want to Turn Religious People Into Atheists - Atheism isn't an attack on diversity, it's a defense of reality"
"Methadon, the new dinosaur they just discovered? Surgeon here. Seems like he is actually injecting methadon right into his abs and it just got swole. Kind of like when you stick a dick into that bitch and suddenly she inflates for no apparent reason. Humans are scary shit."
"For 16 keys, though. do you still have this?"
"I often miss when people suddenly stop running when I heal them. ""Having a hard time healing me in a covered area with no possible threat nearby? I'm just gonna jiggle 'round a whole bunch for ya."" - Everyone."
"Please tell me, when did the IDF rig a mentally challenged child up with explosives and send him to a check point? It was a little confusing what group you were talking about at points. The IDF has been shown to use tactics worse than HAMAS so your indignation falls on deaf ears."
And nothing of value was lost. I'll just unsub actually
"So the legal weed in Washington is working out for you I take it. IMHO, there are quite a few teams that have a worse starting QB than Cassel - Houston, Cleveland, Detroit, Minnesota, Washington, etc.."
I feel just like a purple Pikmin Am I the only one who thinks they should never put Reggie on camera ever? He just comes off as corny and out of touch.
Cry. If You Became INVISIBLE PERSON. What Would you do ?
It's a pretty sweet reference and a badass model too A Game of Thrones came out in 1997. Kaldor Draigo first appeared in the 5th edition Grey Knights Codex in 2011? Seems likely it's a reference.
One team being DQ'd doesn't nullify eLeague... It's been well organised and produced some good match ups so far. Then isnt the solution get rid of the less important crappier events... Eleague is a overrun joke now only the US cares about. That could of never happened and be fine..
"Naw paps ya see here *it's just called 199.99*, it actually costs 249.99 Now with extra weight."
"He's the Dark Nut alright. Look out, internet, the Dark Enlightenment has a new shadowy avatar."
The Devils would be in trouble if Cory or Andy Greene were out long term Is there a team that depends more on a single player? Please don't get hurt tarasenko.
"I use Kurosawa as my cover-up for wanting to watch cartoons and read comic books. The challenge. The fascinatingly different writing system. Kanji! Love kanji. One day I want the smug satisfaction of saying ""Oh, I only read manga / watch Kurosawa / anime in the *original*"". I will be so smug that day. Legend of the Five Rings Samurai dramas. Wanting to watch without subtitles. I want to read Lone Wolf and Cub in the original some day. The culture and history. Vague notions of accessing a huge storehouse of literature that would be otherwise unavailable to me."
"Too bad you'd only see him in an elaborate setup ;) Neil Armstrong, when he stepped on the moon. I've always wanted to go to the moon."
"also would seem a larger variety of stuff to image It would seem like there'd be so many more points of verification. I have no idea what I'm talking about, but ""more picture, more to get right."""
Argentina Wait avatar is on netflix Where do you live where avatar is on netflix
RIp She has died
It's a dronie. You can just call it a photo.
"No thanks, I'm ok here, it's pretty entertaining. DAE le edgy overwatch cringe?!?!?!?! Go back to 4chan."
"I agree, but i'm just pointing out the flawed thinking with a lot of the community that's going around. they should be stuck in challenger instead"
"""swan song"", also known as ""the stand but done right"" and ""the wolf's hour"" are my personal favorites. Any Robert McCammon fans here? I don't get why he isn't more popular here. Every now and then someone mentions him but he deserves more recognition. He has over a dozen books out and they're all very good except his earlier stuff. Anyone here a big fan?"
I honestly don't know if he'd know the difference Latino vote is more than just Mexican.
"Totally agree, just using the absolutely undeniable fixed number for the ""dgu's are totally imaginary bullshit from crazies"" people. The bottom number is documented dgu's. 500k is the lowest documented plus estimated undocumented dgus. So the lowest likely figure is 200k higher than the number of times guns are used in crime."
Mine still accepts prepaid I heard they stopped accepting prepaid cards but I know people use fake cards and trade in the games for cash. It seems like a pretty easy system to scam.
"::facepalm:: got thread confused... Thanks for catching that OP didn't mention underquilts, Just stopping the hammock from swinging."
"In soviet russia, cake have YOU TIL that ""You can't eat your cake and have it, too"" is the correct form of the proverb, because its order is what illustrates the impossibility. The Unabomber got the order correct in both his manifesto &amp; private writing &amp; this was 1 of the linguistic anachronisms that helped the FBI identify him"
"I think Kiss of Death got a lot of bad reviews because some people hate remakes, and thought it wasn't as good as the original. I'm surprised he gave Kiss of Death and Shallow Grave both 2's I think Grave is overall a better film and was hugely popular in the UK."
"No one knows what it means, but it's provocative. COPE: Valencia declare Andre Gomes as untransferable, but would sell for a very significant amount of money"
"Also, I want a pony and a fun party with cake and pizza And she should pay for the cost of every trial"
"I'd like to take Jews for $1000, Alex. When Palestinians used violence as a form of opposition, an author's wife paid the price. So now he's championing Palestinians' use of nonviolent opposition (boycotts). For this, his book events are being cancelled. In America."
Without us they would have an expensive lawn ornament. allowing the airplane to be nimbly navigate
"Socks, socks, socks, socks... If someone handed you a box with all the things you've ever lost, what would be inside?"
"Wait, what is it doing? RES does this all of a sudden"
"Consider the cap for both of these. Shit. Why can't we get any value in these trades? Okay, fine, I understand this one. I'm STILL pissed about how badly the Jets fleeced us for Marshall though."
"what other legendaries do you have? I know... as I said, I just took one from royal tv. Kind of an experiment. Can you recommend a good sparky deck?"
Pvp stats get nullified with the pre patch now as soon as you enter a Pvp area. pvp set bonus not working in BG? So I just got back into wow and farmed the warlords season 3 pvp set but the bonus doesn't seem to be working in bgs? what's up with that?
"NYC kids* Also what's the rent for your closet.. Erhm, I mean *condo*? How New York kids play with cars"
B10 I have a VERY important question for your guildie: B7 or B10?
"Go to school, it's faster - really Software engineers, programmers, etc of Reddit who are self taught, what resources would you recommend to someone else trying to do the same?"
Haha! well they said you're not allowed to do Coke.
"If that is the case why do the Oxford and Cambridge dictionaries indicate the meaning of the word to be different than what you state? Right, but saying just ""a small number of left wing activists use this definition"" is disingenuous. It's untrue."
Ain't nobody got time fo dat! Surfing the 'Net When I found this.
"These are nice and all, but what exactly is happening in the bottom left? Toilet paper roll art"
Everything sells out in Japan Absolutely none in Japan
"Visit wollaston As someone who lives right off Rt. 1 near Foxborough, can confirm. Some of the shittiest drivers in all of Massachusetts (and that's saying something)."
"Vaginal witchcraft should be the next song that Sandavol does. Don't know you Arianna uses her vaginal witchcraft over Tom so he ignores her, as opposed to Tom being thoroughly sick of her shit because she tried to break up his perfectly good relationship and harassed his gf and constantly flooded into tears to emotionally manipulate him and generally they had a toxic relationship, but whateves, no one would ever get sick of that shit in their life of their own accord."
"Me no English good. Not trying to come off as a dick here, I promise, but the word ironic is a lot like the word sarcastic in that it means the opposite of your expectation, so when you're saying two things that show a merely coincidental relationship you wouldn't want to use it. ""You're doing god's work, and that's the opposite of my expectation of someone with the name of a son of Noah."" If you were saying it was humorous that doing god's work was said towards someone with a biblical username, you might use coincidental"
"They would have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that you DID purchase it, but unless they nail you with the product on your person, I don't see how they can. For buying pot without a medical marijuana license, which is illegal? Seems obvious. You need to show your health card and fill out a form with your personal information. The police will get that information when they shut the place down."
"Bet it rhymes with ""Schmadolf Schmitler"" They've probably had some bad experiences in the past with other parts of the world. Hm...I wonder what they would be."
"why would not use that card? I play hunter but I don't use doggies, am I still a bad person?"
:) Gold!
Bilbao was the Europa league Round of 32 (and we were thrashed in those 2 games ) In the CL we crashed out against Basel Maybe maybe not. Champions League is always competitive. Who did we crash out against a few years ago? Bilbao?
"Yeah, as excited as I am for this movie, I'm really not a fan of the Joker design. I still hate that ""Damaged"" tattoo. It's so corny."
"i know right? Well then I suppose it's good that this post isn't about you then, isn't it?"
"Being able to shove 8 DS Lacrima up your ass is just as bullshit, though. Because him being able to eat all dragon slayer magic would be the biggest asspull of all time."
"Female victimhood is holy I swear, women can't seem to win sometimes. Fight back, and it's your fault when you're murdered. If you're paralyzed by fear, clearly you enjoyed it because you didn't fight back or scream. It's astonishing how creative criminals can be when they try to justify their crimes."
"Do not listen and go vote! PSA Shit's going to get real the next few days. Liberals and media are going to be going extra bat shit over the weekend and into the election. Lies, spin, are going to multiply exponentially. Why because they know they are losing, and are panicking."
Sometimes it's entertaining (with risk of losing brain cells). Reading the comments section on any website either proves you are an idiot who agrees with the comment section or a masochist.
"Give it time. For a second I misread that as ""Paris Will Start Stabbing High Schoolers If They're seen Smoking Pot"""
So smart. the ballistae take 4 hit to break hit it thrice and you can destroy it on demand
"Whatever, the point is that it would be extremely weird to name a kid ""Grey Poupon"" since it basically means Grey Toddler. It's owned by Kraft, but the recipe is French and it was started by French guys in France."
"That's probably what will happen, but technically they're supposed to treat it like it wasn't ever on our schedule. I think if the game were against a contender it might matter. But if Florida is 10-1 I don't think any playoff committee member would think it feasible that they lose to Idaho."
My Dad Make a team you think would be champions if the rules of baseball were simply who could drink the most beer. Go team
"Have you tried baby spiders? LPT Request: My 2 year old son drew in permanent marker all over the walls So I took a shower earlier today and left my 2 year old son in the living room with the TV on thinking he would be ok. I come out 20 minutes later and he covered the entire living room in green permanent marker that he somehow got a hold of. As you can imagine, I flipped out and immediately ran to the store to buy cleaning supplies. I tried at least five different types, and scrubbed for at least half an hour but the stain was still there. Does anybody have any good methods for getting blood out of the carpet?"
Supes needs new blood. Man of Steel 2 to be released in 2020?
The west should put sanctions or not invest in these countries till they can learn equality Brits urged not to report Dubai crimes after 'gang-raped' woman arrested for extra-marital sex
"I'm sure you'll get all the bitches now. Oh no, my point! Lol. Got my first Reddit gold yesterday though...woohoo!"
phonetry in motion And then one of them gets hit by a car and the driver is coincidentally also glancing at their phone. Now that's an artistic statement.
"""reserved for next patch or two when he gets a minor nerf and the garen ""mains"" deem him unplayable"" Fixed Nope, that's reserved for next patch or two once he gets nerfed to oblivion."
"Troll account, move along everyone. You forgot to mention the effect that Russell Wilson has had on the community. He has given the Seattle Metropolitan area, the greatest metropolitan area in the world, a championship in a major sport. Plus he has a Superbowl ring, which is a really underrated stat for ranking quarterbacks. If you rank quarterbacks by Superbowl wins, everyone at the top of the list is in the Hall of Fame. This implies a strong correlation between Superbowl wins and greatness. As Russel Wilson has more rings than his peers (despite his weaker supporting cast than all of them), he is clearly the best quarterback, and its not even close. I agree with everything you said in your post as well. All the Colts fans who are arguing for their quarterback refuse to accept the inferiority of their team and quarterback."
Did you get a hole in one? tl;dr All three holes in the course of an hour.
an ECHxorcist. What did Jon want to be when he grew up? An ECHonomist.
"Will be in my next stock refresh ;) Very cool looking! Can I perhaps make a request to remake the 'blessing of the watcher' emblem into a wallpaper? I've been using it on my main for a very long time and have yet to see a cool phone wallpaper of it. Again, very nice job! :)"
they normally are since points are given and it effects the standings at the end of a season. They normally aren't.
"To be fair, something about Terrorblade's in-game everything isn't right. Something about Terrorblade's in-game description isn't right"
"Dreaming no, lying yes A man is surprised to discover that he's Dumbledore, recovers quickly"
Im down 82 games on Pro lol damn Starting an Xbox online association. Wanna join? It will have a fantasy draft. Reply if interested in joining and ill send the info through a pm. It will have a draft.
"The title is ""Safari net for the win"" so Im guessing he used a safari net. ... wut? How did you get him into the overworld? (assuming that's the overworld) Portal gun?"
"more like a vote sway TIL that one of the first recognized instances of internet democracy was seen in 1998 when Hank the Angry Drunken Dwarf, a regular on Howard Stern, was voted #1 as a write in for People's ""50 Most Beautiful People."" He beat out Leondardo Dicaprio by over 215K votes."
Truman Show. I'd put it at number 1. He's absolutely brilliant in it.
"Not in the same way as RB3, but you can add a song to a set list to see it's length (possibly with some math) RB3 3 had an option to see how long a song is. Is this missing from RB4? I just got RB4 and loving it!!! but is this feature missing? I love it, but I cant find it. Am I going crazy?"
"The Pie That Was Promised! Fuck, at this point, AA might as well be Hot Pie. Seems like the prophesy applies to pretty much anyone."
Wat Am I a Devil?
Oh thanks heh you have a good body 4 fashion
"Wow thats kinda cruel. China also isn't very friendly to North Korean refugees fleeing over the boarder. If caught by China they're repatriated back to NK where the refugee &amp; family will send them to a labor or death camp if not out right be killed, It is illegal to flee North Korea without the express permission of the government. Trying to escape and being repatriated is akin to a death sentence - but China has a hardline policy to not allow refugees."
Mobile autocorrect you wanker No reason to ruin you are brain over a game.
"My favorite character out of all of FNAF would be Jack-O-Bonnie because I love Halloween with a passion, and love any variant of Bonnie. Favourite FNaF characters? (Games and book) Favourite character (human or animatronic... or both) + reasoning."
well he certainly thinks he can because he proposed and spent quite a bit of money trying to do just that. Do people think Presidents actually have that much control? Like that they are able to end a recession or some shit? Jesus fucking morons.
"A very small minority that seems to get a lot of laws passed in the US You are referring to a VERY small minority of people that consider themselves Christian that most likely would not find themselves comfortable living and believing how the vast majority of Christians operate. I've gone to church my entire life, I grew up in Oklahoma and Texas. I even work in a church now. I've gone to everything from Baptist to Pentecostal. Christians, don't act like that with any sort of support from the Christian community at large. Forgiveness and love are the pillars of faith. This goes for most people in the world, if someone claims they are doing something(terrible) in the name of their religion, be in Christianity/Muslim/Buddhist or otherwise they are likely not a good example of that religion. Unfortunately it is difficult for a member of that religion to distance themselves from every single act of individuals that use their religion to absolve them of their actions."
Yeah it's either over done or that's how they like it. Crispy cheese layer?
"I figuratively lost mine, but to each his own. I literally lost my shit when the tunnel ran into the other tunnel!"
"Desmaouse could take some lessons from whoever produced the early madonna albums... ""This is the cardinal sin of EDM...."" I f I see that Deadmaus University commercial one more time I'm going to throw macbook out the window. This macbook air gonna better learn to fly!"
bitches get dishes But not the bitches doing dishes
"I have CM13 with no greenify or amplify, and it lasts from 5:30am-7pm with ~4-5 screen on time, with brightness around 50% (on auto) and wifi most of the time. Hey, Currently using Sultans CM13 with Greenify and Amplify and its still not cutting it. Exodus was O.K., not the best, but it kept crashing when making a phone call. Thanks."
"Yes, but they'd still be extraordinarily wealthy compared to us today if they own any part of the means of production (robots &amp; automation). If you execute all the lower and middle class people, you've only made the bottom tier of the rich into the new lower class."
It's hard to be neutral when you're using trains.. wait.. :) Neutrality's a bitch.
"Don't forget about Awesomenauts :D I went to go play Dawngate when the League serves went down all day and I was really sad to find out its shutting down :( There aren't many other alternative MOBAs. I couldn't get into DOTA and Strife is too easy/childish for me. I guess I could try Smite. I also signed up for the GoGigantic alpha, that seems cool."
"Missed my stop north of $25 on the $SUN train this morning, trying to decide if I should cut profits right at the $1K UBTI threshold or hold until next year and fuck my taxes up properly Anyone still on the oil train?"
"Wow, you have no idea how shit works. Fine, but that doesn't create ownership any more than paying Ebay Seller fees or contributing to a gofundme page does."
Would love to know this as well. Is there anything like the V2 war analyser for EU4 or CK2? Cheers!
"Funny how Harry Reid and Obama were both against this before they had power... Funny how when Republicans changed the house rules to prevent dems from opening the government, they thought that was just fine. But the dems changing the senate rules to get some work done? Well that's just unbelievable!"
"The fuck is a ""Yummy Mummy"" Londoner illustrates just how unliveable the city has become due to Vote Leavers running riot."
"Missed call into a goal. Game Thread: Boston @ Montreal 7:30 EST; A rivalry bound in blood Be nice, be civil, upvote to promote discussion, will update with more info later on. Game can be found on NESN, RDS, or NHL Network"
"Old bimmer driver here, 40k for us. 5 years ago, I bought an old used car with 123k miles on it. All I asked from the dealer was that he replace the timing belt before I gave him the check. Should be common knowledge for any car owner that timing belts only last 60k."
I watched all of season 1 but have been struggling to get into 2 Damn good show. Season 2 is even better than Season 1.
"You didn't make a mistake; that is correct use of African-American Vernacular English. My ex pointed out the fact that I said ""ax"" instead of ask like most black people do from time to time especially when using slang. I was extraordinarily embarrassed about it."
Six Feet Under - Everyone's Waiting What's your favorite episode of any TV show?
They're not called Scary Pumpkins for nothing! Ever realize that the pumpkins are bigger than the villagers?
Or maybe because they're naked girls on a sub reddit about naked girls I bet this only got to the front page because she has a Hodor shirt on.
Same reason having a disorder like OCD or ADD is a thing. Gluten free. Why is an allergy a fad?
American football apparently. What is a normal tradition in your country that other countries see as crazy or don't understand?
Fastest way to achieve anarcho-primitivism. I don't think nuclear annihilation is inherently authoritarian *or* anarchistic. When was the last time an ICBM adopted an ideology?
Didn't mean to insult you and your friends.. If you are going to use it get it right. Ku Klux Klan
"If it's censorship it's awfully ineffective censorship. I think this particular example is a bit murky because they're covering someone else's free speech with their own message, even though the billboard does not belong to them. Would I classify this as censorship? No, but it doesn't seem kosher to me either."
"For me Gangplank worked, It takes a LOT of time to master him, but once mastered, i climbed from silver 4 to gold 2. Hard but rewarding champions once mastered ? Hello , Im a b2 player from SEA (sg) and I play lot of AA based champs on top / Mid / Jungle like Yi , Teemo , Kayle , Trundle etc . I would like to start playing hard champions too Iam Currently practising with Wukong . So , can I know hard champs (high skill cap ) but when mastered will be very very rewarding . PS : Yes Iam bronze and NO I will not play the champions suggested in ranked unless I master them ."
"GifLyfe Pronounce .gif with a hard ""I"" instead of arguing about the G or J sound. so its pronounced guh-eye-ff or juh-eye-ff."
"They're trying to remarket themselves as more upscale, at least in this area. Aldi is a bare-bones store that tends to be located in sketchy neigborhoods."
Laryngitis. So how do you explain the Genie in Return of Jafar or the Kingdom Hearts Series? Robin Williams took a break and Homer Simpson (who similarly became trapped in a lamp) was covering his shift?
That was a rough swing. We lost ohio. Franklin County just registered.
"If you need to get mad, use the legal standpoint to strengthen your case. The only thing I've found that works is being abusive. Politely telling them I'm not interested and to be put on their do not call list has never worked for me, but I still try that first. Gotta give them a chance at least."
with warlock its 4 mana draw a card XD Influencial Mindbender
"I'm not the OP, but I would guess that they're mostly very charming and manipulative. What would you say that something is?"
I hope so Arizona is going to smoke Seattle.
Enjoy :D Thanks a lot lot lot!!!
"Yeah I'm glad I was able to retire him sound. Oh no that's too sad... poor guy, poor hocks... I'm glad you're at least still able to ride him lightly for now or it would be even worse."
It is 4 Chan's brother. Yeah who is this sein feld?
"That is basically how sexual reassignment surgery works. A vagina is just an inside out penis, and vice versa. You can change genitals at will by blowing into your thumb as if it were a beach ball, or sucking all the air out of it."
"From a personal anecdote, I torrented all of Rick and Mortys episodes after watching it on adult swims website using a cable subscription, because the quality is better and the availability is better if its torrented. Lol lets not kid ourselves. A good portion of people do it because it's free. Even if there was theoretically a ""100% perfect distribution"" method, there would still be a shitload of piracy. Don't give humans THAT much credit."
"I will definitely bear that in mind but how often does it get too gelly and the engine cannot start? While it may be economical, diesel is not great in sub zero temperatures. It turns into a gel-like substance and your vehicle might be unusable. By gasoline, I meant normal fuel. It may not be economical but hey it'll at least work."
That's always how I've heard it. I was pretty sure that's where it came from; I first heard it in the Marines back in the eighties. Usually referring to senior LCPLs who had run out of fucks to give.
My thoughts exactly Right. Who else would be online a game that isn't out yet? Why bother go online at that point?
"I don't know about banning all religious expression, or all Muslim religious expression, but why haven't Salafi and Wahhabi been banned? Chinese province has ordered kindergartens to enforce a ban on religious activity after a video was posted online of a little girl reciting part of the Koran at a nursery school"
"But like, them putting it into the trailers is how they told you... The issue I'm having is why can't I turn off a feature that you would have only known existed if you watched all the content prior to launch. I mean hell, I thought the only pokemon difference was the legendaries, I had no idea about all the others (last Pokemon game I played to completion was silver :P which i've completed about 5 times)"
"maybe nest just the clips your going to add effects to in premiere and then open in AE? Transition effects not working in Premiere after using dynamic link with After Effects So I have been working on a project in premiere and everything was cut and ready to go. I had all my transitions and effects in place and everything. I had to do one last thing that required after effects, so I opened the project in after effects to add the finishing touches. After returning to Premiere, all my effects and transitions were gone. So now I am trying to add my transitions back and since everything is shown as one clip on the timeline now, iv gone in and cut where each clip ends so I can add my transitions back. Only problem is when I add a transition, it just doesn't work. The effect is on the clips on the timeline but when I playback nothing happens. I don't have a ton of experience using dynamic link so maybe I screwed something up. Please help!"
"I didnt see that The huge UFO in the street doesn't give you a clue? It was added by a script kiddie, the hitbox on it extends further than the model."
"I've always been of the opinion that if damage taken in the game isn't in a cutscene or otherwise isn't shown on the player-character (batman's suit in the Arkham games shows battle damage as he progresses showing he's taking a beating throughout the night) then they didn't actually take damage. Hitpoints are a game mechanic that can't usually be translated to WWW to begin with, healing items are an extension of that. I think most people assume that video game characters don't ""canonically"" take any significant injuries that aren't in cutscenes or plot points etc."
"Like I said, if it was anyone else he would be banned and gone already but he's not just any other person I guess. He'll eventually get permabanned then. I don't have much sympathy for him. Especialy if he squanders another second chance."
Couldn't have had anything to do with his motivations. The Latest: Berlin Attack Suspect Reported Videoed at Mosque
"There can be no closure, it was *TAKEN* :D Hope my endeavors bring closure to us all."
Where was god when I tried to walk down 8 stairs at once? I hope there are no spaces in it though!
Broke clock and all that That awkward moment when Glenn Beck is the voice of reason.
"Just move through them with your shoulder wide and try bumping the most you can into them! Try combating that with a gentle ""skewzme"" if that doesn't work, go with ""FUCKING MOVE,YOU IGNORANT FUCKS!"""
"In the first post it appears that she commented ""I have a boyfriend."" I'm amazed no one has posted this yet. Romance is truly alive and well."
Real VMP WHAT THE HELL MAN! IT'S **SIR** ISSAC NEWTON.
He failed but he sure tried to make Obama a one term president. When did McConnell ever tell the truth.
"At least they gave credit, which is more than what reposters do. Thanks IGN for taking something off of Reddit and putting it on your main channel."
"So, a progressive system? OK, but that doesn't mean those from wealthier families pay their share whilst those who need the help get it under HECS."
"He's going the way of Old Yeller. To stop a bad dog with a gun, you need a good dog with a gun. Who's a good dog? Who is? Who's a good puppy? Oh look at this good puppy, you're a good puppy aren't you?"
"Probably would have stabbed you with his chin. Yeah, he watched it in the pub. I bet if you told him he would be playing for England in 2015 he would have headbutted you. Crazy story."
"Maybe next year we'll get a free U2 Album with our compendiums. The Deadmau5 concert was a great time, I was there I see a lot of hate on the Deadmau5 concert. I understand that it was awkward for people watching from home, but I was in Key Arena and it was great. Attendees had a great time. It was a surprise Deadmau5 concert, and they started it about the time that the EG players started feeling awkward standing in front of the aegis. Only reddit would complain about a surprise, free Deadmau5 concert they didn't even fucking attend."
Pokemon Sun and Moon what POSITIVE things happened in 2016?
I got free tickets and I wanted to walk out of the cinema. Hope it's better than the first Jurassic world
"All these shows are terrible, what do you expect? Wow, this show is going to be terrible. (100 Days of Summer.)"
"Yes think of a mac book as a slightly lower powered laptop, it's brilliant for what it's meant to be used for, but running windows on it will make it overheat and will slightly melt the keys so that you have to turn on the mac book 5 mins before you want to use it to make the keys mailable again, My mate done this running windows 7 in boot camp playing Wow, Which is obviously not an intensive game so running anything slightly more power hungry will almost certainly make it over heat. As in using bootcamp? So it would be slower if I went from Yosemite to win 10?"
"I don't see the US crumbling. I find this amusing since I vote 3rd party and don't care one way or the other. This does remind me of the Democrats in 1980, 1984, 1988, 2000 and 2004. Sounds like history repeating itself. I suspect this trend will continue until the US crumbles."
"To be fair, I think it was GDOT that had that brilliant idea, not ""Gwinnett"". Stay Classy Gwinnett"
"You mean the hotness factor... *insert Lenny face here* Oh fuck same, glad I wasn't the only one. The weirdness factor definitely plummeted when I realized"
"Do you see any difference in the skill level of those players? I just dropped from Plat 5 50~lp to silver 4 0lp AMA Yes, I am salty. 5-5 placements"
reminds me of staring back at me reminds me of the abyss
"They get theirs, you get yours What happens to your opponents armor/blessing/weapons when you pop a bubble inside theirs?"
I came. So I heard you guys like guided missiles... Here is a GIF of my new launch sequence :)
"It's my hard drive, going to get a new one tomorrow. Probably the ram. Try the sticks in different slots."
"I guess that's the reason why you should watch a movie before you come to a conclusion. Not the guy you're responding to. I haven't watched the movie, but from whatever I've read of it, it just reeks of narcissism."
"No, just finish zeal right after bf or bf/pickaxe. Infinity edge rush on anyone is pretty fucking terrible now. If you want to go IE vayne, shiv or rapid fire should still be finished first."
Well ain't that some shit that don't stink I was high all week and forgot. :(
Nerf wasn't stealth... it was in the patch notes. Hopscotch after the unmentioned nerf Have any of you guys been using Hopscotch since it was stealth nerfed to the 55A-allFATE impact tier? I still find it to be a very effective pulse rifle especially with feeding frenzy and reactive reload. Reactive reload is even more effective now because you can play more aggressively with the increased rate of fire. I'm just wondering if anybody else out there has had similar success or if you have a roll that's even more effective.
"Any effect that cannot resolve , resolves as nil in guessing This card doesn't even work in silver border. Case in point: I cast Cryptic Command to tap your board and counter a spell. As part of casting the spell I choose those modes and the one target. When it resolves in reverse order, I now need to perform all four modes, THEN choose two, but there is no valid target for the Boomerang effect (Cryptic has only one announced target and it is not a permanent)."
"Did songs get cut on the LP version or where others added to the cassette? It's a really good tape, and the extra exclusive tracks don't hurt."
Let's see the league hold them to the same standard they hold the Patriots to Any mention on MNF of the investigation of the injury report of the Colts? I don't think I've heard a mention of it even with Luck's horrible play.
"End the illegal wars, bring my brothers home... /constitionalist IAmA Pissed Off Liberal Veteran I am so sick and tired of my conservative friends who have never served a day in the military always talk about the military like everyone serving should be a freakin Rambo. They think the U.S. military should be the world's police yet they won't volunteer themselves! I am tired of the damn hypocrisy! What say you redditors?"
"Street tards are just looking for attention. Man gets called a ""chink"" by Black Hebrew Israelites, spits in their face"
Bout to be at a [0.5] Bout to be at a
"Thanks for the audible chortle you just caused. He better be careful with all the gum chewing, could lead temporomandibular joint disorder. It's not life threatening or anything but it can really effect the quality of your life."
"Don't question it, if all else fails it's because of magic. Although the direwolves in Game of Thrones grow to be much larger than their real-life counterparts."
Faker. Faker.
"I'm surprised your not still at the farm now, you're more hideous than any animal I've seen. Roast me friend m8, born n raised on the farm"
Rude. Ha! I'm younger and much better looking!
WHY.jpg Why isn't there any rule 34 of Steven in the Dress?
He has a photographic memory! LeBron could probably be a great football player.
"You never know with all the Anti-preorder people these days. I agree. On the flipside, it reads like a 4chan copy pasta; arrogant and unironically parades the ""FILTHY NORMIES REEE"" discourse."
This is the kind of news I needed today System Of A Down have 15 songs ready for new album
"Conversely, I'm not going to bow and scrap to someone just because they are a higher rank or position. When people believe that disrespecting others, or using them to further your cause is an acceptable course of action to 'get ahead in life'. Doesn't matter if you are the janitor or the Executive of a company, you respect that person regardless of position in any perspective."
I think it was more the fact that it was an ambush. Was it the size of a water bottle or something? I've given them to myself (best anti-nausea meds) before and it wasn't anything like that.
"In modern parlance, small government means ""so small, its regulations can reach into your womb."" Well, and I think that my be my problem to begin with. I don't even understand what quantifies as small government. I get ""big government"" in the sense that the people around me seem to hate it. But they've never explained small government."
"i guess i know when to walk away usually, it stops me from doing things like this most of the time If you hadn't gotten physical with him, someone else with less sympathy and/or self-restraint would have later on, the way he was talking. The only thing mortifying me was that you didn't snap sooner (I would have). You have ALL the patience."
One What ordinary word would make a great first name?
Oakland is a shitty favela. Far out that looks straight out of a favela. I thought Haiti or Brazil or some bullshit like that
Santa is rory confirmed Santa's sleigh is bigger on the inside. **Time Lord Santa confirmed.**
How to see comments? Edgy Imgur fags at it again.
And then the rift guardian spawns on the other side. I remember having one of these in early S1 back when you dying means a 5minute run back haha.
Maybe you should call and ask why they didn't and/or see a different vet if you are concerned still. Well they didn't take x-rays.
"QA ppl are usually just problem identifying. Any job description can be summed up with ""Problem solving."""
"Nothing feels as good as buying shoes with your hard earned money. Feeling lucky to have a second job...hard work pays off. If I can, you can."
the big lebowski How I feel when I see this meme
Shoulda got a falcon. A Boy and his Golden Eagle
"With all of the video cameras in Walmart, this is brave! Walmart's new dress code"
"You can tell that her gums are inflamed? It is not that he teeth are discolored, but that her teeth have build up, inflamed gums, and a nasty-ass tongue."
"Come on, like he cares about losing seats, he does enough of that through opening his mouth. Because no matter how much he pretends to be a reformist and against the current system he knows changing from FPTP to some form of PR will lose labour seats. Politics getting in the way of principles, normally it's the other way round for Corbyn."
"Jackie Chan, I will cry like a baby What celebrity death will you never be prepared for?"
You mean nationalists? You can't reason with these people anyway.
"Made me think of a soda commercial...I don't know why. ""I see you like women, but have you considered... penis?"""
"some people still haven't gotten past the ""omg Red China is taking over"" mentality. This is America, not Zimbabwe. If someone has the money they should be allowed to buy land if they have all their other legal stuff in order. Dont see what the big deal is."
"How is that any different than Guerlain lipsticks? Yes! I had one from my grandmother.. It was soooo beautiful. White with golden patterns. So, so cool. And it even had a fucking miniature mirror attached to it, that you could swing out!!! HOW COOL IS THAT?"
"Greninja &lt;3 Thank the Lord for Nintendo of Japan. Because they seem to pay attention to the growing demand for the things, I was actually able to snag my favorite amiibo. God bless, man."
I thought you just posted this. Take this theory for a spin!
"Aww, how embarrassing for her! Are you supposed to leave the price tag on shoes? Is it like when you buy a new hat?"
Your use of fam is cringy lmfaooooo wtf is this. How you get this info fam
"I thought it meant 'a big mistake' The original definition of boner was to disconcert someone, Batman comics have been around a long time."
"ogottogottogott, das kann ja wohl nich warstein Ursula von der Leyens kurze Popkarriere (De:Bug)"
"why even give it a blade, it has 0 range Sky Edge vs Void Blade"
"Did you read the article? Yeah, let's not spend money on necessary upgrades while upgrading is still an option. Putting these things off always works out really well in the end."
Verified! Was told to veriy... So here's a kind of boring verification. It's tricky to write upside-down on your tummy!
Some uglos.. 24 arrested in Hollywood massage parlor prostitution bust
"Interesting. They were for riding, and originally were male shoes. Eventually they lost fashion amongst men (in Western Europe) and gained popularity among women. I forget which country they originated from but they were considered exotic at the west euro courts."
"And he actually does decent damage now! Yeah, he stuns with his shirt off now"
I guess you can say he's a pretty Great Dane.... Danish Police Officer Has Had Enough of Syrian Girl Who Crossed the Border Illegally
"Now it's the law, through his decree, and until the restructure act is passed, as a NA official, I have no choice, but to honor it. Isn't that exactly what you argued with Lightning over when it was at your disadvantage but now you've flipped entirely and use it against this fellow? Interesting."
"I was about to say, lol sorry bro. I actually didn't notice the ham wedged up there at first so we've been arguing over different things haha. You are correct. This is bad"
I think that was the Falmer. Wasn't it explained? They fought a war among themselves which weakened them enough to be vulnerable to outside attacks.
To laugh at people. New ToS agreements says they are. And why would you want to do that anyway?
Every time I see the picture I see a finger dick inside the jar For a second there I thought this jar contained severed fingers.
WELP I HAVE TO WAIT TILL I'M OFF MOBILE HERE ARE THE FLAIRS
"Hard to see the boobs, but total win for big feet lovers. *****our****22 - great rack, blurry win"
"Well, he was a sneakerhead Middle aged man wears Nike."
This is why we should ban all new 18-wheeler development in order to focus on organic and sustainable wagon trains like our ancestors did. 700 litres of diesel fuel spills into south Ottawa ditch
"Dude, take small steps to get back to learning how to play, it is so much fun if you have time to do it. Amazing. I wish I could upvote 1,000 times. I played guitar when I was young and didn't keep it up. I still own a couple of guitars and can still play, but I'm not great. It's one of my biggest regrets. I keep thinking about it now and again and I wonder if I'll ever find the desire to sit for hours on end and just enjoy it like I used too. When I see videos like this; part of me says ""go for it!"", then the devil on my shoulder asks me ""why waste your time? You'll never be as good as this guy.."", that may be true (certainly will be!), but as long as I find that passion again, then I don't give a f*ck! Keep up the good work. That video is amazing!"
7:47 left. I'm two minutes into the second and this officiating is beyond horrible. Let them play. How far into the game are we?
"so are you suggesting we control the population randomly? The aggravating thing for me is that eugenics is so often advocated for superficial appearance. I operate under a theory that at least 10% of humanity will survive anything that is thrown at it, barring a world killing catastrophe. Eugenics cant predict which 10% will be needed for species survival."
Why don't you vote? I bought a pack of cigarettes when I turned 16 despite not smoking just because I could. I'm 24 now and I've still not voted. The novelty is bigger when you're 16 than when you're 18. Probably because you're more immature.
"Seriously, play Townsmen. Yeah everyone keeps linking to the same shit. Theotown, free civ.. I don't think such a game actually exists. Oh well I'll try again next year"
There's anything approaching a majority of feminists in the Indian legislature? Strawman. They don't have to run the country in order for a majority of them to pass a silly law like that.
I definitely did not read that as mosquitoes These misquotes are getting out of hand
"Hahahahaha. What is the ""best"" most modern graphics card with OSS drivers? I can't use Intel as I have an AMD Coreboot motherboard."
This. Tanks would walk all over ADC's even more because the 200/250% crits helped damage them. With ~130% damage every auto would do less mid game in a 60 second fight.
(Are we going to do this forever?) (lol)
"Ah, the people of LateStageCapitalism downvoting you for being childfree, that's rich as hell. One of the main reasons I've decided to live a child free life. Plus, nobody will fuck me."
"I think Obtio would have taken most of the bodies, remember his lab with that big wall of Sharingan eyeballs? Because they probably weren't worth reanimating. That's the thing about Uchiha, we've only really been exposed to Uchiha's that happen to have fucking godly power like Madara, Itatchi, Sasuke and Obito. The rest of them were probably pretty talented, but mostly standard run of the mill shinobi. Either that or their DNA couldn't be found (which I find hard to believe because Itachi covered the entire Uchiha quarters in it)"
"It's surprisingly useful in fight clubs, using a delicate weapon can mean 20 or so fights in you need one to stop them from breaking. Why is repair powder in game? I've never seen a weapon or armor ""get damaged"", yet a repair powder exists (near remains of greirat's dead friend and shrinemaiden), am I missing something? was it just removed/disabled like poise?"
Referees ... They are winning the game single handedly Who is your league MVP at the moment and what would other contenders need to do to overtake them?
"Yes he is. By this logic he's also threatening himself, is he not?"
*grits teeth* Fewer
"You're so nice! Reddit, what compliment do you never want to hear?"
"I bet you don't follow traffic rules either, seeing how you didn't agree to them personally, and if anyone stops you from however the fuck you want they're a communist nazi. A thief steals your wallet, then offers you some of your money back later. Would you take it?"
"So, will we be getting a second trail of tears? No. This is way, way, way bigger than that. Trump is a second coming of Andrew Jackson."
"Yep same, the only time i ever call foul is if i get hit in the eyes Source: Live in Harlem I lived in the ghetto and that definitely happens. If you get hit in the face you better be bleeding to call a foul."
"Legend TIL Thomas Kincaid, who described himself as a born again Christian and painter of a ""morally superior art,"" pissed in public on a Winnie the Pooh figure at the Disneyland Hotel while saying, ""This one's for you, Walt."" He died from overdosing on alcohol and valium in 2012."
All they do is sit at home and spend your money on stupid berries Lemonade is more useful in pokemon than family.
"Glad to hear, must've been a horrible experience at 14, I couldn't imagine myself going through it. Yep. I'm ok now though, finishing junior year in college"
"I've heard that the real pros only use dental floss for bundling cables together. Oh right, you should use velcro to hold together 72 cables that will likely never move. Or maybe those twist ties that come on loaves of bread? Dental floss?"
lol I just bought an X61 last week :/ NZXT releases new Kraken series AIO coolers.
"Sure is SRS in here. Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel was released today and players found a line referencing the ""Friendzone""."
Didn't look like it hurt all that much... Brent Burns giving Taylor Hall the business
"Well I take a preventitive dose of accutane but yeah GOMAD is a great thing. GOMAD without adding fat, nor oily skin, nor any acne? you're a cow"
"I set mine to chassis only, as I actually prefer the linear response of the non-sport modes. Responsiveness in sport is substantially better than the anemic non-sport modes. Follow up: how is your sport mode set-up - chassis only, drivetrain only, or both?"
"I live in Scotland, we have a separate nhs ;-) Be fair, it's mainly being systematically underfunded and fucked over by group of cunts idea logically opposed to social healthcare and desperate to sell it off so they can trouser a fat wedge."
"Woah, that's pretty crazy. I was climbing a rotting tree in the woods behind my house when a branch gave out from under me. As I fell down a sharp broken branch pointed up caught my shirt and ripped a giant hole in it. If I had been a little closer to the tree I might have been impaled in the stomach."
"No, some work is more difficult than others. Should we pay in time rather then currency? For example, if you work five hours you can buy goods and services in units of time. Like I can purchase a glove that took five hours to make with my five hours of worked time."
LOOK AT ALL THAT SNAPPLE OH FUCK Fried chicken restaurant near my office sells blunt wraps
Go to college and graduate from college. Any advice for a high school student looking at ECE as a career?
"I'd get a huge boner if meyers could live up to all that potential and become a rim protector, but it's still probably not gonna happen by next year. I think the defensive problems of a Dame/CJ back court are a little overstated. I think we've witnessed some good improvement from both of them, and I suspect that trend to continue; however, it is never going to be a strength that the Blazers can rely on. They are leading this team to a top 10 offense currently, but we'll need a top 10 defense to be competitive, and our biggest weakness is not having a quality rim protector backing them up. We have money and assets, and I wouldn't mind overpaying for the defensive front line that can support Dame and CJ's scoring potential."
Anyone notice how they play with the mouse on their left hands and not right. League of Legends Worlds Championship Final Live Update &amp; Discussion Thread
"IDk, Extra diplomat, Extra point of Legitimacy/ Diprep Extra military leaders without upkeep Extra tradition boosts Inflation reduction I disagree. As a relentless warmonger you never had the points to spare to actually build buildings Whatever the gains were were almost never worth spending 10 adm on, for example."
"I wonder if this ruling will help stop the oil drilling / fracking / injection well and deep-water testing. WASHINGTON: Loggerheads win new protection in Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico | Environment"
"I just call us Bitches Anonymous, or say I'm off to my meeting of the Society for the Advancement and Recognition of FU, FU, Yok, FU it's not PMS (aka 'boys are stupid') syndrome. My husband summed this sub up pretty well. A couple of nights ago the baby was up almost all night having to poop. I was up with him until around 4am when I woke the hubby up and tagged him in. I told him the next morning that I had been losing my patience with the baby, and he goes: ""Did you vent about it to your 'My Baby is an Asshole' ladies?"" So, ladies. We are the ""My Baby is an Asshole"" sub. Moms of assholey babies unite!"
"Off topic, do you know when the 1st Manhunter trade comes out or where I can find that info? Midnighter and Martian Manhunter recently got their very own titles and IMO both series are very good. While other Stormwatch members don't feature in the books Apollo does make some appearances in flash backs in Midnighter (although I'm not completely up to date on either atm so some other characters may have come in)."
"he's lost a portion of his athleticism and explosiveness that was such a main part of his game, he's unable to get up there and finish lobs/block shots as consistenly ok, so what's dwight's excuse on the rockets?"
"Headpool. You have to make a porn parody of the last movie you've seen, what is it called?"
I had a close friend who that happened to. Honestly? When I lost my virginity it tore (as normal) and left this horrible scar that is ridged. In a way I could just advertise I'm naturally ribbed for pleasure.
"Dackie boy is pretty close, being $400 I think it's worth it, wizards will never print a planeswalker as powerful as Mind Sculptor and it is a staple card in Legacy so it will keep its value."
Hyperpro RSC What steering stabilizer is that!!!
"Because he's racist, only reason to do that. So black pride gets capitalized but White Pride doesn't?"
I could fit my fridge in your radiator. Me and my daily ride.
"The power to visit another universe You can have any super power you want, given that the next commenter gets to condition it. What is your super power?"
"But neoliberal advocates never understand this. A large number of unemployed youth is fodder for civil unrest and strife. Coupled with water shortage, It could get dangerous. Very dangerous."
"I know this is said a lot on this sub but ugh, I just feel so bad for Amanda's girls. 'Bachelor in Paradise' Stars Josh Murray &amp; Amanda Stanton Break Up After Big Fight"
"It's not a performance, it's an activity. What is something about sex that you wish someone had told you?"
!remindme 84 days Now this is is SOMETHING to chew on
"You use the upgraded dingo on a second picture You could do it with any weapon, I know this cause I never use the Kuda and I have done that EE"
How you going to roll and dodge? Anybody else want want first person view?
"H&amp;M's medium shirt fits me perfectly Have you found that perfect t-shirt? I've found that Target t-shirts fit me pretty well, but I still feel somewhat dissatisfied with them(inconsistent sizing, materials could be higher quality). I was wondering if anyone has been able to find a t-shirt that just seems to fit perfectly, is made of the right material, ect. In short, a t-shirt that just feels right. Anyway I'd love to hear your thoughts and suggestions!"
That's a scary truth. He's almost half right.
"Its okay, shes going to prison now. You forgot hate crimes."
This is far too interesting for me to handle Coincidences I saw today.
"Triplicate* Ah yes, I had forgotten about that addition. OP's sentiment echoes my own when I had first encountered it. There's just no need to duplicate information display like that, at least not in such an overbearing way."
"But the character of Mad Max is realistic and does not make you roll your eyes? No necessarily too many women but the stupid ""kick ass woman"" role is so concocted everyone just rolls their eyes at it. Enough already."
"If you can't boil 17 years of experience, especially without leaving space for education stuff, to one page, then you either need to cut out a ton of shit or you've jumped jobs about a million times. I don't have a relevant degree. Or current certifications. But what I do have is 17 years of experience in a variety of positions and industries. If I trim that down to one page there is nothing to differentiate me from any other buzzword-laden resume. If you aren't interested in the details of my experience, you aren't going to hire me anyway. My saving grace is I assume folks are going to look me up on linked in where I have lots of details and recommendations."
That is a hilarious idea. Coconut Oil infused with THC lube....hrmm to the lab!
"To be fair, I also get pretty annoyed when people record video vertically. A guy goes pure nuts during a road rage confrontation, Victim completely ignores him."
"Go forth, do what you want, bang hookers... live your life brother Don't like it ? Leave. This is what I hear every single time I complain. After a long drawn out thought process I have decided that well, you know what, I'm out. Peace. I think I'm past breaking point with the west and I want to see it collapse and disappear up its own controversies, I will not fight to restore it, I will not pay taxes into a system that looks down on me and I sure as hell don't want to live here anymore. Heck, I hope Islam takes over and disciplines these cunts that we live with. 23 year old, own my own house with less than 2 years of mortgage left, got a degree from a world class university and I refuse to spend my life in this shithole of a society that looks down on you and yet demands you to be a slave in every sense of the word, whether it's via work, women, media or legally. I've had enough. So, I've made a decision as soon as my mortgage is over I will rent my house out and make full use of the currency exchange rates in Vietnam and/or Thailand (haven't decided yet), I will sell all other possessions and move somewhere where I'm respected and wanted, as I am not interested in stepping foot in this shithole ever again. Even without working I can probably live like a king just on the exchange rate itself, but I'll probably take up something easy going just for the extra money. Does MGTOW approve ?"
"I guess asking for logic or reason was too much to ask for? Ah, I get it - things that are obvious to you are obvious to you, and everything else is silly. Got it."
I must say I was quite pleased to see Emilie Autumn! Goth/Dark Alt Makeup Inspiration Album!
Seconded I don't get it.
Langdon Alger Who would you nominate as the current greatest living a American?
Doesn't look like much of a screw up to me Can't charge full price for a bowl you screwed up on.
"Hahaha, ""Hafeez bowling action like IPL, it never going to be clean."" The entire account is absolute gold. Especially his comments after we got whitewashed by Bangladesh."
"^^Can ^^you ^^explain ^^this ^^to ^^me? Really it should say ""Honk **iff** you think I am doing an excellent job driving"". Otherwise people may honk for unrelated reasons."
How is Antares Tech not the richest company in the world yet? Cannot Unsee/Unhear
"Tell us more about your ""Institute"" In my institute there is a stairway that doesn't works for anything"
Boo hoo _Only_ 7 hours sleep? I'd kill for 7 hours sleep. Source: have small children.
"He could counter sue for harassment. Could still get sued though. Which would be at best, very inconvenient. At worst..."
wheres david patten when you need him? Looks like 2006 out there. Brady getting no help from WRs
When he starts being funny we can classify him as comedy. Comedy isn't libel
ZOMG TEH AGENDA 21 LIBERTY Federal Bill Would Make Owning Body Armor a Crime Punishable by 10 Years in Prison
"Standard. 3 Florida teens beat an 83 year old man, steal his car keys and then come back later to steal the man's car - the father of 2 of the suspects describes them as ""good people"""
"stopped at the popups. Heartless: Nevada Dumps 1,500 Mental Patients Via One-Way Greyhound Ticket to California"
"Maybe someday it will be on ESPN in the cs go international, but we can only dream... CSGO on TV in finland."
Lol jk Cook is going to get Rodgers' phone number at the end of this one
"This happened over 2 years ago in April of 2007, but it highlights that the Bush Administration that said any nation harboring terrorists would be considered by the US as a terrorist nation, and by allowing a known terrorist, Luis Posada Carriles, to walk free and not try him for terrorism or extradite him for prosecution, turned the US into a terrorist nation in Bush's own words. Posada Carriles (bombed Cuban airliner in 1976, killing 73) released from jail"
"If I didn't live at home, I would be homeless. Still living at home, huh?"
"I have one of those bones, but I just put it on my desk at work since I knew I'd never look as awesome as this dude holding it up at a game. This guy was one of my favorite things from our last game"
The funk is within him The NBA just released the best Jason 'White Chocolate' Williams mixtape I've seen - so many rare clips
"Omiswhereumakit Sorry, wait, what did you say again?"
"Pro tip from someone who lives in a tourist town: When there are people everywhere (like at conventions), go ahead and take your pictures, but if you expect every one of the thousands of people to wait or walk around you as you take your picture, then you are an asshole. Yea, but getting slightly annoyed and muttering ""what the fuck"" is probably still an appropriate response for the situation. It's not like she was screaming or anything, and it was quite obvious that someone was taking a photo of her."
"This doesn't work at all - Temporal Trespass exiles as it resolves (don't know why so many people forget this part), so you can't exile (and thus cast) it with Living Lore. Definetly pairing that with Temporal trespass for a Jank standard deck."
"Nope, radio attenuation, the signals never got that far. Almost exactly 95 years ago we began putting out signals that wouls have just now reached this system."
"As someone who's just not very good at texting people back, I can't help but feel like I would have had a lot more friends if I lived 40 years ago. Pizza"
"Ask again and it'll be another 10 minutes Nah, I'm just deciding not to let you fuckers play just yet. It'll be another 10 minutes."
"Upon what are you basing that assertion, that she will overcome it? Your mother hit that point of cognitive dissonance that one must inevitably overcome with some of the more brutal beliefs of the religions if you are to be a moral being. Forgive her. She will overcome it."
"It's not his birthday today. To make sure, it is NOT Scotts birthday, right?"
"i want Pam to become a field agent, and i want archer to marry her, and i want her to put him in his place. I don't think it was about money at all... Cheryl just wanted to be a country music star. Remember, she was angry instead of happy when she found out it was Calderon (I think that's the name of San Marcos presidente?) who bought the million copies of her album. I wasn't so much bothered by this storyline; I just didn't really care about it. But I did hate the whole Pam coke thing. It wasn't very funny to begin with, and it got even less funnier as the season went on. I want good ole fat Pam back."
"Yeah, I don't think I will EVER finish GK eaater egg I have died 'randomly' so many times in this game haha but yeah man the reddit is actually quite good if ur patient to find people with"
"Not fully, no, because the other Directors would have to agree. Being on the board makes him fully responsible to giving her CEO spot"
"RELEVANT USERNAME Dear Bethesda, I would like to claim my royalties in karma. Kind regards, Tower Tom."
more like 40 You're gonna need more than 4 days...
"they had to throw ""nonbinary"" in there, huh Some interesting observations about Chara"
titan wasnt a shooter moba fps This is wrong. If you do any research you will find that overwatch was in development before paladins and was released before in the form of closed beta then open beta.
Coup story bro. his beard looks like glued on pubes.
"I'm American, I didn't know that dink meant penis. ""A lovely little dink!"""
what's your favorite song right now? I am a 21 year old male who lost his virginity to his mother at 16. AMA.
Winston would be a great fit here. Talking Points: All sign point to Miami Dolphins landing WR Mike Wallace
"Except these are the lyrics from ""The Real Slim Shady"" not ""Guilty Conscience"" I feel like listening to Guilty Conscience now."
Lool People live in the walls? This pretty much sums it up
"Hasbro Transformers. What is a product that you love, but is no longer being made or is otherwise unavailable to you?"
"Kirby.exe So I was working on an Adventure romhack, and I think I messed something up..."
Always pleased to ally myself with the Anti-Mage. Sorcery is an abomination!
&lt;3 props man i got baited
"wut? I've been a virgin for 43 years and counting, I think I can wait this button thing out."
Me neither.. I just hate both - getting mad every time Can't tell if post is bashing glock accuracy or the defusing hitbox.
"He became the chicken... But neglects to run directly into the lake, instead he just runs about aimlessly"
Not at all what this subreddit is for. Tramadol - some medicines can cause unwanted or dangerous effects when used with this med.
"I can get behind this, waterproof hat/hair and I can charge anyone who tries to fuck with me. Just have a giant nail grow over my head for that extra protection."
Where was this supposed to go? My neighbor's queefs sound like a bug zapper.
Anything but that question. Can you trust the government?
"MMMmmmwwwwoooooOOOOOoooooowwwwwww. I like when she ""talks"" to whales."
Some of us do... Wait...we sing/chant?
"Has this happened with other wounds? Cut on my thumb has lasted for a year now.. On my thumb (the top of the top joint) is a small quarter inch split/cut in the skin. It has been there for a year now and hasn't healed.. Sometimes what seems like a scab will grow over it and that lasts for weeks but then it will fall off and the split is still there. I'm thinking the edges of the cut just scarred over (like walls) and wont heal together now, but that it keeps splitting deeper within. Any ideas what could be going on?"
"Just watch a different show. Seth HAS to win back the title I mean, it's part of his ""redesign, rebuild, **reclaim** "" gimmick right? right?!?"
I honestly think Valve might have killed their own Steam machine sales by releasing the Steam Link. Why is Valve still wasting money with SteamOS?
"From the sounds of the status, it appears they were already caught. If you know this person, please report this to the police."
"Yeah, i'm a little concerned. Your username is interesting."
"They thought it was a clean block, not clipping Do. . . do Auburn fans not know the rules? He was late, was the second defender, and inside the arc. Like their passion though."
#MAKE #MAKE REDDIT GREAT AGAIN
"lol do you want to study plants? Zoology and/or Plant science. (said and/or because doing both now but must pick one for next year, any help/ideas welcome??)"
"I lived with three other girls and I swear that shit went every other day. Grew up with two brothers and a single mom, living with a girl for the first time- MRW we went through 10 rolls of toilet paper in a month"
Pigs produce bacon and pork which fuels the bellies of workers everywhere! Petition to stop calling police officers pigs Pigs are very intelligent creatures capable of empathy and worthy of respect. These qualities have not been proven to exist in a police force. Sign below.
"God damnit, I'm a liverpool fan, this is fucked Welcome to the NFL, here's a few tips to help you on your journey. The Cowboys are the best team in the Nfl, their like Man U. The Eagles are the worst they are like Liverpool. Don't be an Eagles fans. The world is bad enough as it is why cause yourself more misery"
"Not sure... Could you post me an example? I never looked much into it, but I believe they basically make released games look like the original scene releases and distribute them as such."
"God should have the power to not be lonely and stop killing people at a young age with diseases. Don't forget ""God wanted him in heaven"""
"I would definitely recommend not jumping straight in to the expansions for **Innovation**; while I like the game a lot, the expansions all are a large step up in terms of difficulty. I've been adding to my collection and have played some new titles this week! **Innovation** Played this for the first time with two others. None of us had played before and we enjoyed the chaos of it all. I can definitely see how this game doesn't become particularly strategic until you are fairly familiar with all the cards. Until then it's an entertaining mess... **Hive** I've been playing this game with every friend who's willing to try it. It's become a new top favourite game. I love how portable the pocket edition is, and how every match has played out differently. Fabulous depth for such an easy game to teach. **Arboretum** I really like the art in this game, but I'm not particularly good at it. It's still a lot of fun though! I haven't played **Patchwork** today, but I bought it today and can't way to try it. My best friend knits regularly so I think this will be a hit! I play a lot of abstract strategy games, and I tend to win a fair bit. Probably around 2/3 to 3/4 of the time. I find those sorts of games have a skill curve that really separates players of various levels. I'm trying to find more games that don't have this problem of experienced players always having a massive advantage over less experienced players. I'm soon getting **Cosmic Encounter** which I think will mitigate this issue a lot and be a blast. I'm really enjoying expanding my collection lately, so any other recommendations for unique games are welcome!"
"Pretty sure he was tied up with the world speed record too. Well, he was recovering from the broken back that resulted from the above crash."
"The Op-Op Fruit was too OP, it needed *some* nerfs. Nerfs?"
"I'm sure he would have dealt with Pop's ""bullshit"" similarly. Because of him or because he didn't want to take Carlisle's bullshit?"
ah my bad No it's the octane roadkill decal...
"Unfortunate for the guy, looks like he actually somewhat knew what he was doing compared to 90% of failed backflip videos, but the gown weighed him down or fucked up his movement. HMB, I just graduated"
"Do you still remember what ten-year-old you thought twenty-five-year-old you was gonna be? I never thought I would make this post, but I need some help friends. I'm struggling more than ever to find a motivation that actually sticks with me. I'm 25, have a good job, but live at home still and drinking has become my norm. I've always been skinny but because of the consistency as of late, it's starting to catch up on me physically and mentally. Most people can read nice quotes and see photos and react positively but I seem to need more than that. I need something that will actually motivate me on a daily basis to help me kick this crappy habit, focus more on my job, and have a general interest in working out and living my life right."
"If there's no point, why is this sub not just about weapons ? A sub where people post their wallet and keys? What's the point..."
Welcome! Thanks!
"Try for a minute to be a Palestinian under the apartheid and racist genocide of Israel's thumb. Try telling that to someone who lives in either country. In China, under the Hukou system.(Police state = totalitarianism) In Iran under the watchful eyes of the Basiji. (Again, police state equals totalitarian government.)"
"Those Warrior photos they show at the breaks and commercials are so fucking overexposed lol GAME THREAD: Dallas Mavericks (10-23) @ Golden State Warriors (28-5) - (Dec. 30, 2016) Welcome back again to Bogut and Barnes! Now lets get that Dub!"
"Larfleeze def is, when he got his constructs up, he was beating the shit out of the guardians + top tier lanterns, his weakness is he needs some wind up time, so you gotta KO or in-cap him early on. I *think* Larfleeze is the strongest lantern in this selection right? Or is that Kyle Rayner?"
"That's no fun! When I was 16, I somehow managed to cut myself shaving at the exact same points on both sides of my face- right below the sideburns. And I didn't just do this once, I did this about a dozen times. My friends became convinced that I was doing it on purpose. Nope."
"Depends on the speed, could at least possibly keep it from flipping. Which means jack shit if it loses traction"
doot I'm sorry mate but you're missing a doot.
"And not the ""kill your partner on accident because you have no idea what you're doing"" level of kink. Every bit of improvement is a good thing. I hope it winds up with things at the 'ok to try at home level' of kink."
"Houses in the uk have notoriously poor insulation, Poromenos is confused. Insulation doesn't just keep heat in, it will also keep heat out. The real problem is people leaving their windows open during the day *letting the heat in*. Keep your windows and shades closed during the day and open during the night. Then you'll be fine."
"I disagree, I feel like Karma still makes a great support in poke comps. Add Karma to this list since her rework nerfed her into oblivion."
"I wonder how the people who keep promoting the ""Chicago Gang Mentality"" of the administration will react to this example of mob-style vengeance from a Republican. GWB lane closures delayed EMS response to 4 calls in Fort Lee"
"It was the summer of 2069... oh yeah I will get mine too, some day. In the summer of 2018, probably."
PS4. What system do you play on?
This guy is assuming that those various data points contribute into what makes a country great. America is the greatest country. Or not.
"Dude, the fact that you dont see how being able to level 2 things at the same time as selling power is telling a lot on how you've been brain-washed to accept this shit. Nothing in there is Pay to Win. Just pay for convenience (faster leveling, trading, less market fees, faster attribute leveling, more dungeons per day) The only thing that is a strict advantage in late game is the movespeed, but I've heard that in Korean servers the movespeed isn't that much of a benefit."
username checks out Some of us wish we were 40 again!!
"everyones a shit kid sometimes but when your yelling at your 17 year old son for trying to tell you something you need to know, maybe you're a shit parent Got that way too much as a kid. Admittedly I could be a shitty kid at times."
This post has been removed because it's a repost. hmu w/ that Reese'sTM look fam
"Criminals usually act with the hope that they won't get caught. Some might say life in prison is a much better sentence than actual death. Penalty of death is a deterrent. The convicted murderer did not give the victim the same courtesy of 'life in prison', why should we as a society?"
"It would be more statistically accurate if it were a black, hispanic or asian kid. Watch this video closely and tell me what you see. If you get the whole message you win some brownie points."
no Get off your high horse
Now just write Hello Internet^TM on the bottom in big letters and itll be perfect United Nation of Tims flag. Can't we all just get along?
"Would you say that you a person who is helping to enact positive changes in your community? Stereotypes are a real issue, and the door is a manifestation of that issue. Is it as bad as FGM? Obviously not. But if we want to see change in society it would be good to point out that little things like this are tired and not funny."
As long as we are changing the rules after the fact.....Why not illustrate how Trump WON the popular vote excepting the results in one Blue state? ...why exclude California? It's not a state anymore? Pls explain your logic.
"Level 17 (almost 18) never had a 10km egg :( Finally hatched my first 10km egg, and...."
You should rather send him a fruit basket for being of service to him. I wish it was stacked. If you know how I can contact Trips to get payments for my services let me know.
"Political will, maybe? I wonder, why can't they carry out operations like Mossad?"
Oops. He's talking about the Bruins series from 2012.
"I'd still buy the extended warranty if I'm gonna keep it stock for a while. Pretty much. My wife bought her 15 wrx, they were trying to sell the extended warranty, said just to change the timing belts at 100k will be 900$, this will pay for timing belts. I didnt bother explaining it didnt have timing belts."
Then what about the cat? It wanted drugs but we already gave them to the dog.
So then wouldnt it be illegal if they just walked in without consent? Takes too long. There's a child's life in danger. Ain't got time for that.
"without any independent studies to the effectiveness of these products, I don't know how well this will do. The company I work for is hoping to make a big dent in DWI accidents and deaths."
*if Many accuse Bulgaria of being Russia's fifth column in the EU. I wonder what they will say when Serbia becomes a member.
I think this brochure was secretly financed by Big Pizza. Some are focusing on the typo. I personally like pitting blacks against Asians in the struggle for pizza equity.
"It would be kind of amusing, but I don't support MTX in most games so I'd be a bit upset. I honestly hope it'll be for real. Because A: If it is it'll be no skin off my ass because I'm not a baby, and B: The sheer outrage would be amusing as people make the case that it's somehow unethical or anti-consumer to make a statement on April 1st and have it be true."
Wouldn't Marluxia hair be more appropriate? Since Kim K wanna be Larxene so bad...
"I wonder why more firms haven't moved their main businesses out of London and just had a smaller rotating sales / front desk there? 48k and 95k respectively :) . Cheapest houses in my area: 192k in 2011, inflation-adjusted should be 220k, actual price 315k... It's not fair. Millennials like me have already been squeezed-out of the market 5-10 years ago. The solution for my situation is to move 30-50 miles up north, away from fucking London's bubble-radius. I'm working on it. In Germany, just 20 miles away from city-centres you can find 5-bedroom mansions for pennies, in nice villages."
"Try turning off the flashlight and you'll be even more sneaky. EOD bot killstreak, enjoy!"
"Key phrase: ""on paper"" No they are actually pretty solid ideas on paper."
"Check your privilege, you white cis shitlords! I don't know if she knows this or not, but you can change Siri to be a male, and speak any language. Mine is a British man, because it feels like I have James Bond doing my bitch work."
"Oh well,i didn't have a chance to play MGO2 too much,that's why i forgot about that Most of the MGO2 maps were paid DLC."
Wonder why the game is not going to be in 3D... Guess who's back?
"I just felt there was something off about her, seemed a little cheesy. Anyone else feel like Faye Lau's dialogue is just terribly written? Story dialogue in general? The opening screen made me cringe both times I watched it. She says random phrases at the end of her sentences that dont flow. Like almost as if they tried to salvage pre recorded audio into a new cutscene."
"Ok, thanks for the answer! Break it in for a while, it'll clear up. It'll take a while depending on how overlubed it is"
I might have to check that out! For what its worth... boardgamegeek's forum has some sort of retarded 30 day all burritos challenge. m'lady
"In CA, a huge portion of COs (and probation officers, similar but not working in jail) are just assholes with authority complexes who failed the police exam too many times. In my region that career path is very common."
"TIL about the unit converter I find it mildly interesting that I am 10,000 days old today."
He just wanted to show his boner Mitch Jones reverses role on girlfriend's stream - kinda NSFW
"Not sure if you're trolling or encouraging this type of conspiracy garbage. Your parents raised you right, sure it's not any fun to deal with the truths of the world, but it's better than being a sheep. Joining the Navy is the commitment of saying that you agree with war. War is indeed how the government gets most of their money. They pay ISIS to proceed with terrorists attacks, so then we become fearful and ask for more protection. If anything you should consider researching all of these topics for yourself. The chemtrails you see in the sky, yes you can see them for yourself, do have chemicals so this is an obvious issue that we like to ignore. These ""conspiracies"" actually are facts, and you have to be brave enough to accept it as that, or you're just another cognitive dissonant fool."
Not cinematic enough... Needs to be 30 fps GTA V just looks so much more realistic on PC
"No it allows a lot of games, games like ARMA, Overwatch, CSGO, etc and other games already have some screenshots and clips uploaded. I'd prefer If it only showed supported games in the games section of the app. But I believe it will only work with games downloaded from the Windows store. Possibly even just the Xbox branded games on the store."
"Russo swerve, 2Pac vs Xpac Walter white 2 pac A bulls player Ronald McDonald. Hell in a cell. Russo, book this."
Well H81 is even cheaper if you want to save money. Probably the same reason i got a B75: It was cheap as shit and does the job because I don't overclock on Intel anyway.
"Not only is you ideology no threat to the state, you actually help delegitimize genuine resistance by associating your ethically bankrupt and logically impossible ideas with anarchism. i just hope they don't consider us peaceful ancaps as dangerous as Mike Boda"
Most of his non-league content (especially his lists) is hilarious This is my feelings. In his recent league videos he's just like WAHHHHHHH DIIIIIIIEEEEEE FUCKERRRRRR but his content used to be so genius. His most recent top 10 was pretty good.
"Wow. Breast cancer awareness is too much about women? HAHAHAHAHAHA. Heavens to fucking Murgatroid anything should be about women without changing the entire message to account for the fact that somewhere, a **man** might be affected. Cuz if there's one thing society lacks, it's a focus on men and their needs. It sucks that he was asked to wear a lacy top. And I'll go out on a limb here and say that I've never heard of a hospital refusing to discharge an improperly haberdashed patient. But the takeaway is NOT that we are focusing on women too much. Jesus."
Except at easily spreading butter Waffles are superior to Pancakes in every way.
"means If necessity is the mother of invention, than who's the father?"
"Wrong Said Fred This should be for your next album cover for your album potentially called: Fred Armisen is Not in the Band Fred Armisen Failed Our Band Audition Fred Armisen and the Not Fred Armisens Fred Armisen: Our Smallest Fan Fred Armisen Should Be Behind Bars It's Not a Banana, Fred is Just Happy: Banana for Scale Volume 1 Fred Breaks Out Fred Won't Obey the Restraining Order"
"Fade that flair boys. The Los Angeles Kings Are Your Stanley Cup Champions! RANGERS GO DOWN IN GAME FIVE, DOUBLE OT LOSS THE LOS ANGELES KINGS ARE THE STANLEY CUP CHAMPS OF 2014! FLYERS WEST FOR LIFE!"
I think you might be speaking English but I'm not sure. So who got the award? The dog or the guy who got his but licked by the dog? Getting as licked is pretty easy to do... I hope the dog got the award because funk linking some dirty guys as 145 times in two minutes.
1986? What year is this?
"wow thats a lot for a first bet, It's safer to start with a sand dune :D I'm betting 9 cents on penta You talking $20? Here I am afraid to bet my $0.59 Glock Candy Apple on them..."
"They'll have to throw her in the bunker like a side of beef. Oh wow I didn't even think of that... ""HILLARY! Get in the damn bunker! What are you going to do, throw a rock at his M4A1 with 16x optic??"" ""Damn it Bill, if only we had a gun to protec--"" *[collectively in defeated voices]*: ""fuck..."""
"I think he means there is not a thread of communism left in Russia. Wait, what? I'm having trouble understanding which direction the sarcasm is directed at?"
"You are smart No he isn't. Jew by religion, only. Dude is from Eastern Europe... Not buying it.."
"RIP my sweet memories Carter's celebration after that deflection is gold. We were stacked, full of heart, and hard hitting. I can't wait until we are that good again."
"Ben Affleck, maybe? Argument I'm having with friends: Is this the most famous dick we've ever seen? Who is more famous than LeBron that also has a dick pic out there?"
There are vegan assasin bugs that throw buckets of red paint on these kinds of assasin bugs. Assassin bugs kill ants &amp; display the corpses on their backs! This acts as camouflage as it hides their scent.
"Hippa? Pops, of Dr. Pimple Popper ""fame"" has passed away."
feckin lel That Ain't FALCO!
"Yet global flair...This sub in a nutshell. Anyone be kind enough to tutor me on how to play? I'm new to CS:GO, it's my first time playing it, really. However, I have watched a few videos on how to play, and they don't stick, so I was wondering how you get good at CS:GO? I know callouts for the map Dust II, and that's it, really. So, can someone add me on steam and we can arrange a private server so you can teach me?"
"What makes transparent dice more inherently balanced? You realize your title suggests you hope they're worse. Also transparent dice are your best bet for ""fair"" dice. Other solids are more prone to unbalanced weight."
calm down satan What if gem of isolation tier 2 was like frostbound hammer? What if gem of isolation was the exact item as frostbound hammer and got a slow at tier 2? ofcourse it would be on a different tree or something how would you feel about that? will it make any changes for magical junglers or any different builds coming up from mages?
"Serious question, what is considered a non-casual thread in this sub? Casual thread incoming"
"Correct, and by his own admission those notebooks were filled to the brim with highly classified information, codewords, troop deployments, etc. He gave his biographer/lover his notes regarding meetings he attended."
roblox vs minecraft: and maybe gmod Play with the mods 2 poll: Electric Boogaloo
"You can't get any electric car serviced anywhere but that brand's dealership and only if they have a tech certified in EV. If you buy a GM, you can get it serviced anywhere. If you buy a Tesla, the vast majority of the car can only be serviced by Tesla. That is the very definition of anti-competitive. Apple did this recently with the iPhone repairs, bricking many devices repaired by third parties, and the internet lost its mind. Why does Tesla get a pass?"
SHRIEK Looks like she's getting ready to kill the Avatar
6-1 v MUFC Balotelli
"Yeah, I guilt tripped him pretty hard and he feels bad. Wow... I hope you've informed him that your pain &amp; agony is more important than him being sexually frustrated."
Thanks Joe. You don't say.
"Maybe something from My Sleeping Karma? Need Help With a Witch Hunt :( Hey guys, So I heard a song a long, long time ago. From what I can recall, it was a progressive/indie band. The song was instrumental and I believe it was called ""Vibhuti"" or something similar. Anything I've Googled doesn't turn up what I've been able recall. This song was also lumped in on a playlist with some King Crimson songs, hopefully that'll turn up some context? Anything you can help with would be greatly appreciated. Thanks guys!"
It's like that all the time though. Only because the referee's tonight seem to understand that the favored fighters must win at all costs.
"Te guys from the band ""The Used"" grew up here. Who is the most famous person from your town?"
PAC What would you want 2 of but not 3?
tell that to the people at indoor swap meets Lmao doubt they would go used for that much. Pc hardware drops prices as soon as its been taken out of original packaging
Reppin' boston :) Where are you from man? Just sittin at home at the moment with the exacpt same papes and a zippo^^
"You've got a good point, but I also think people do this especially with Shia because it's fun to build into his mystique at this point lol Nah, don't ya see? Us cool redditors prefer not to do shit. I mean, fuck, some people will think what we do is lame. Ya know? Fuck that . it's not a risk worth taking. I'm gonna avoid doing or creating anything and shit on people that do and create things to feel superior. Fucking everyone's an attention whore that does shit like this anyways."
"cecs 347, 447 with tramel, brah Embedded Systems courses teaching ARM? Are any courses at CSULB teaching ARM? Specifically ARM-Cortex. When I was a EE student, I learned the 8051. CECS dept was also teaching 8051 at that time. There is one course on EdX but it started in January of this year. I prefer classroom instruction. Thanks. ARM is good to know for commercial products industry."
Racists gonna race. Don't forget that!
Buddy's is better anyways. Jet's Pizza - Their pizza delivery boy fell asleep at the wheel at 1AM after he had just worked a 12 hour day and hit my car. It was totaled and I was in physical therapy for a year. The driver did not have insurance and they fired him the next day. They did not pay for any damages and I had to cover all the cost.
"We've explored new levels of chaos, the existence of which we weren't aware of before I'll sum up what happened in the last year: FreeJam fucked up Robocraft."
"Mayweather vs Marquez What's the most dominant performance in a boxing match you've seen? In my opinion, Roy Jones Jr. vs Vinny Pazienza. In his prime, Roy was almost supernatural and he shows it in that fight."
You forgot the 2000 *GT* part. It was. That's the whole reason it's the GT *86.*
They were doing it wrong. I remember being really let down the first time I was put in a figure four and realized they didn't hurt at all.
"You know, I've gotten Jimmy Kimmel before Did Seth McFarlane have a love child with skinny Jimmy Kimmel?"
"light != lager As far as Stouts go, Guinness is very light/thin/dry. But it is no Light beer."
"So what you're telling me is that my dick will be 4 inches longer? They work by injecting that males normally release during puberty, which increases acne, body hair and your more likely to have a tumor because of the sudden increase. But hey your dick will be 4 inches longer"
"Honestly, McDavid will be great this year assuming health. Drafted 5th of 12 teams in a Yahoo head-to-head league. Categories are: G, A, +/-, PPP, Shots, Hits, Wins, GAA, SV% Round Pick Player Position 1. (5) Connor McDavid C 2. (20) Ben Bishop G 3. (29) Kris Letang D 4. (44) Henrik Lundqvist G 5. (53) John Klingberg D 6. (68) Ryan Johansen C 7. (77) Justin Faulk D 8. (92) Alex Galchenyuk C 9. (101) Brandon Saad LW,RW 10. (116) James van Riemsdyk LW 11. (125) Mike Hoffman LW 12. (140) David Krejci C 13. (149) Brendan Gallagher RW 14. (164) Jaden Schwartz LW 15. (173) Robby Fabbri C,LW 16. (188) Nikolaj Ehlers LW,RW I Wasn't too keen on taking McDavid but I think he'll be pretty coveted in my league so I should be able to package him in a deal. Was thinking about maybe targeting the manager who has Pavelski and Burns."
"What the heck is ""not enough people"" watching? What is your favorite running series that you don't think enough people are watching? For me, outside of Reddit, I've never met another person who watches The Americans. It is imo of the same caliber as all these other triple A shows, yet it gets little awards recognition and few people seem to be into it. Everybody has one, what's yours?"
A good chunk from muslim countries What do you think the demographics of these new immigrants are? 30k+ are Syrian refugees as indicated in the article. But what about the other 300k?
Mid 90s was the Wild West for the Internet. When was this that innocent googling could lead to CP?
"Forced update, unless the owner knows how to root + reject updates. Lol, lemme just download this update that will brick my phone with no other purpose -Note 7 clingers"
"Yeah same here I vaguely remember being able to say something like ""Dad they killed Jonas."" You might be right. Truth be told, it's been a while since I've played it."
"What exactly is a skeleton crew? If people knew how thinly some police forces were stretched, they'd shit themselves. Here's two local examples [and we pay high taxes]: * The Niagara Parks Police cover a park that is 28 kilometers long, and receives 10's of millions of visitors per year. On the night shift, there's two constables. Two. * The Ontario Provincial Police detachment here covers an area from Fort Erie to Hamilton, a one hour drive at the best of times. Over 100 kilometers. In the evening, they have two constables on patrol. Two. Something else most people are not aware of: when your local police tell you they will be out in full force on the long weekend [or New Years Eve, or whatever] they are lying to you. They run skeleton crews on those nights and lie about it, hoping that we will behave ourselves."
"the mini mart, about a block north of China Harbor restaurant, on Westlake Ave N (west side of Lake Union) has them in stock all the time. Moon pies? My inner southerner is craving a [Moon Pie](http://www.moonpie.com), but I'm at a total loss as where to consistently find them around these parts. I tried all the suggestions listed on their website (B-vue Walmart, Walgreens, Rite-Aid, even Fred Meyer) but came up empty. I know that Midnite Mart on Gilman sells them, as does the 76 station at 46th &amp; Fremont, but I'm wondering where else they might be available. Seems like gas station / convenience stores are the only option 'round these parts, but they're super inconsistent (e.g. one Shell station will have them and others won't). Anyone got reliable leads on where I can get some moon pies?"
I was wondering how long it would take for dickbutt to show up... Livestream of a roundabout in The Netherlands
"No, not that I am aware off. Is there a mod that lets me transfer dutchies to vassal kings without dejure claims, removes racial constraints on kingdom creation (or allows arbitrary kingdoms to be formed), or allows me to offer / demand territory trades without incurring massive penalties for revoking then granting (i.e. I demand that two vassal dukes swap a pair of counties cause I want my map to be prettier, and maybe they both get -20 to me because of it, but I don't incur the -40 from everyone else)? Cause those are the main things that have been really annoying me in that game."
CTR's On
"and memes can be fun, remember hate is way more powerful a train than logic and critical thinking. The reality is the people that support him do so with their emotion. Logic doesn't dissuade that."
Hell come back to Vancouver to live for sure though... If he is traded then keep an eye on real estate listings to see if he puts his house up or not. That will be the tell if hes going to do a hump and dump with a contender
I just watched it thanks to your recommendation and I uh... I need to use the restroom She's still so hot. Did you see her in her underwear in the dare video?
The screaming fans make it so much worse. That video makes my blood boil
X2 I would check out Brian Reimer Audio on St. Mary's. I've been going there for years because they have the best service in town. Very knowledgeable staff and not pushy at all.
"Hey, how's it going? Reddit, what is the greatest pick up line of all time?"
"I think Cruel Bargain or Infernal Contact might be superior here. This deck needs bob to keep it constantly fueled. The life loss combos well with deaths shadow. It can at least pull it's own weight in the grinder matches. If they don't remove it and you draw 2+ cards, you practically win the game."
"And also material crying for a trade for the inevitable year when he slumps, and his BA drops below .850, and he only drives in 1500 runs. You just gave a bunch of yinzer's material for when they call in to The Fan today."
"I won a 1v4 vs Japan in the P-40 the other day, ended up with 6 kills and i felt like a fucking god. I started Warthunder as an arcade player myself which is ok for air battles if you just want to fire away,but for tanks it's realistic or nothing imo. Also air rb is waaaay more rewarding and fun once you get into it not being like arcade. There is no other feeling like winning a 1v1 with the odds against you and using most of your ammo,only to see another enemy pop up 4km out and 1km above you while you got about 40 rounds of 20mm left. Gives you the kicks if you got the will to actually try your best."
Cinemagraph. Why is the kid the only thing moving?
"Thank you man, means a lot to me. This was absolutely outstanding."
"That's why they always say "" do what you love"", and is a big reason Youtube Let's Players are such a big thing We spend our childhood going to school, and our adult life working almost every day. When we retire, we can do whatever we want, but we're too old to do most of it."
"That is awesome, can you do like a step by step instruction for us noobs that want to do the same? Made a Rick Grimes 1/6 Scale Figure, thought you guys would like to see it."
butfucking is NOT simple... iOS has recovery mode that is buttfuckingly simple to use.
"Woulda been in the superbowl, Lee Evans shoulda caught the ball, Billy cundiff shoulda hit that gimmie of a kick..coulda died from alcohol poisoning that night... What was your team's ""If Only / Woulda, Coulda, Shoulda"" scenario that would have led them to become last year's Super Bowl Champions"
"I'd try the V80 first, the Z-Forces all feel weird to me. Is the V80 or ZF2 too hard for a beginner to use? Hey guys, i know the title may not make sense so ill try elaborate on it. I just started playing badminton and am thinking about getting serious about it and i was wondering if it would be okay to use a Voltric 80 or Voltric Z-Force 2 as my friend said he'll give one of them to me for free. Should i use them or should I but a cheaper alternative better suited to my skill level? Also i like to think that i am athletic and i play basketball, tennis and volleyball (in case this random information can help) Thanks in Advance :)"
He has the same reaction to pussy as I've had for a while Get the fuck outta here...
That's what incognito mode is for. Sure wish The Washington Post didnt cock block people wanting to read their articles.
This makes me very proud to be a dub. Irish Political Maps' final Marriage Equality referendum results map now up!
"65 tons of metal and doom moving around at 70 KM/H are pretty scary if you ask me. literally 5 times more armour protection 3-4 times higher penetration not to mention the qualities that probably set modern tanks even more apart but cant be quantified as easily (like fire control systems and associated first round hit probablities); a lot of other techs that cant be quantified (like the brake system shown in the video, or active protection systems) engine power output at twice or thrice"
"Wait, can a 770 even use dx11? I have no issues with reviewers saying Mafia 3 is bad, but why on earth is IGN reviewing games on a GTX 770? (Screenshot from The Know)"
"Scorestreaks have been in COD since at least modern warfare 3... I think maybe even black ops 2 had them. scorestreaks now, actually play the game before you criticize it"
Just finished shitting on Teemo. What were you doing before you went onto reddit just now?
"What does it matter to me that I can see how much the pig eats if the second part is absent. Well, you don't so much as request it for the government as it is readily available from dozens of sources included their own websites."
"Last time I checked that company isn't run by our government. America help, Russia is so scray send some troops please, please, pleeeease. But remember, you disgust us and we won't do business with killers like you."
That or these archeologists will say anything to get money from Christians.... What a load of Bologna! They dig out a square and call it some guys home! These conservatives will do anything to prove Jesus existed
"It's not a bug, you need to make a tough tool rod pattern at the stencil table then make a tough tool rod at a part builder and use that instead of the basic tool rod you are using. How do I do that? I'm not a very tech savy guy, I don't know much about mods, I just like the gameplay haha"
Where is the New River? I was in a Jackson Villain.
"I understand how induction works, I am asking as to how you prove this You'd first have to show the base case, which would be that it is true if the heap is a single node. Then, assuming some suitable induction hypothesis (something like ""for all n &lt; n_0, the statement holds for heaps of n nodes"") show that it also holds for heaps of size n_0. Note that you have to use the property that all heaps of size n have the same shape."
fucking tripods! *down a cliff* into the *fucking ocean*.
Armenia: Atomic weapons for scare the shit out of Turkey and Azerbaijan so they finally let my people live in peace What is something another country has that you wish yours did?
"Someone will be getting a call from the authorities No, actually this is how confession bears work. sadly this is very true"
The hero we need. I keep a pebble in my right shoe and I fidget with it with my toes. It's hell on my socks.
"So you think that there are no pressure groups on the right, it'seems just CTR? It never got off the ground. They were going to buy billboards. This is just HRC-drones ignoring reality so that they can muddy up the waters. None of this actually happened, as opposed to CTR, which definitely exists and is widely known to run this sub right now. This is known all across reddit. Only here is that remotely controversial."
I think I'd be totally okay with my bedroom looking like that. Bedroom with pink lights in the nighttime.
"Chick-chicky-boom! I thought it's more a copycat from The Mask. There it was hilarious, but only because it fit's the character. It proves Feig can't build character or story, just throws random stuff he likes in a mixer. No wonder the end product is vomit inducing."
Your TFB clone? I was helping Nathaniel F
"I second this. I don't think this is a problem on your end. Have your contact turn off 'Advanced Messaging' and see if that helps. I have a friend who has a Samsung and I was having issues with only him. Once he turned that off, everything worked again."
Gross! It's a dried umbilical cord stump. Seriously.
"At least is + speed, Magmortar nature is not good either :P Alright, I was really interested in the shelmet/accelgor until I heard the nature xD"
"Add that with ee3, equivalency, and a good tree farm and diamonds for days. Fuck if I know, I just found it and saw it had Fabricators and Tanks."
"1 I honestly have none, and I only want the team to play beautiful football. I really don't care what place we end up, that shit'll come next season, but now we must build. If I see the same style as last year I'm gonna bang my head into a wall. The team had no desire for the past few seasons and honestly, I just want that to change. I want to see some devotion and heart in the game. That's all I want. No predictions"
"Gives better contrast Why does the media keep referring to the victim as ""student"" Jamie Gao when he had 3 mill worth of drugs on him? Why isn't he labelled a drug kingin or at least a drug dealer?"
"Me and a friend did jump in the game to play a duo to just chill and talk a bit and then, game changes my region to NA, I cant change it back and whenever I try to I cant use the menu anymore, feels great &lt;3 I was fckin going to write the same thing dude, it was a really long day, I come home to play for a while and whoops, can't switch from NA to LAS, it sucks even more when there is no region line in useroptions, at least that way we could change it without the game entering 47 chromosome mode :)))). I didn't change it to NA by myself also. shits"
It's always that one Indian dude who scores above the curve... MRW I get a 36 on a test but the class average is 30.
To shreds you say... How is his wife holding up?
"definatly wont eat at a place where i cant take a huge dump after ""No public bathroom"""
"That part is called the primer was there a Trigun episode where Vash throws a bullet in the air, then shoots the bullet percussion cap (or whatever) and makes that bullet shoot someone around a rock (or something) and if so do you have the video?"
Wonder how that'll work when NYC gets two MLS teams... I've heard that there are two clear lines: Yankees-Giants-Knicks-Rangers and Mets-Jets-Nets-Islanders.
"Already watched bb best show ever watched Try AXN, Im pretty sure they're doing a rerun of breaking bad."
Throw a Varix scope on the VMP and you have yourself a laser gun. VMP if you can handle the recoil for rushing/close quarters M8 for longer ranges (with an RK5 in your pocket for short range) Kuda/HVK/Man-O-War for all purpose play style
yea unfortunately 343 went for the quantity over quality approach for H5 armor. RIGHT? i may have taken it for granted at the time but they really had it down for Reach. the customization was vast and unique. I don't like the 200 very similar options for halo 5
"There is actually quite a huge gap between the top 4 teams and the bottom 4 teams. Can we please stop calling it an ""upset"" It might be just me, but I suddenly hear this word describing every game that has a prediction about who is going to win. I really don't like this word, it sets it up for the underdog to lose. It creates a situation where the casters talk down the underdog. Yes, if TSM lost to mMe it would have been a major ""upset. But the other matches are just matches. The players are all very strong. And yes, there may be differences in skill, but weirder things happen all the time. Please stop calling it an upset, and try going into those matches with a little more open-mindedness. This is just for official stuff. If you want to talk about upsets on reddit, that's fine. But casters should be a little more neutral."
"A diagnosis of a ""psychotic break"" wouldn't have ended my career, is what I meant. Well, Bipolar I is actually one of the 'other' related disorders I was thinking of when I read that. Extremely manic people can appear, or actually go to psychosis - same with extremely depressed people. Oh, and a ""Psychotic Break"" is still a DSM diagnosis - ""Brief Psychotic Episode"""
"The Lions, you idiot. What the fuck am I watching"
Isn't that Systema? the km expert because he can ride bears
"You know, putting the ""inside"" stuff ""out"" on the silver screen! To be fair, it makes more sense than ""Inside Out""."
"False, the UK is thriving with this ice bucket bollox. Only place in the world to become infatuated with dumping cold water on our heads!"
"I'm expecting Maria to interfere or pop up sometime in the PPV since they rehired her. Brock to take out all of the people during the fatal 4 way leading for Rollins to come down and cash in, Ambrose to interrupt and Brock to take out Ambrose and Rollins then take the MITB for himself for him v Cena at Summerslam. The Russian storyline will have to end, without a doubt. Some sort of interruption in the divas title match. Bray will beat Jericho, and it'll be one hell of a slobber knocker. Wyatts beat Usos 2-1 out of 3, To which The Accention will appear Brood style and attack them. That's all I've got."
"Yeah can I get dem digits. Reddit, meet my roommate... She said this after she woke up hungover from a big drunk night out and smelled her hand while drinking the coffee I gave her....(yep she's single!)"
"Funzionano meglio degli arbre magique le cocorite? Ci hanno detto la stessa cosa i Carabinieri a Cagliari dopo che ci han rubato l'alfetta imola targata Sassari, dentro c'erano tutte le valigie e anche le nostre 2 cocorite."
"04:25:20 is actually the release date: April 25, 2020. The conspiracy theorist in me thinks something is going to happen at 4:25 today. The realist in me knows 4:25 means nothing."
"I guess it's open to interpretation, but what's fornsure is that showing the gruesome realities of war coupled with one-liners and a glorious battle royale sure sends mixed messages! I think the message was what you said, minus the ""aaaand we're totally fine with that""... Considering everyone breaks down either emotionally or physically, it appears the message is: ""War is hell"""
"Basically, yes, it has roots in the butch/femme dynamic in the lesbian community. So sort of the opposite of ""butch""?"
They always invade my world in Dark Souls and I fuckin hate em bro what u got against the arbiters
me too thanks literally came here to say this
"Damn you are stupid... I would say the USA government funding public schooling is the largest single funder of education, even worldwide. The USA spends most per student out of anyone on the planet I believe, and it is a rather populous country."
collecting boxes? I am beginning to think I have a problem......
I thought ladyboys didn't have vaginas anymore... Fellow girl? That like a ladyboy?
serious? And sped-up to fit in more commercials
"sorry fox news, we're all to busy looking for jobs or working multiple jobs to listen to you be the republican mouthpiece at this time. IT'S NOT JUST GLENN BECK: FOX News Has Lost 21% Of Its Audience This Year"
"I've been seeing many R9 280 problems on PCMR lately, I'm really scared about mine right now :( R.I.P sweet 2 month old R9 280"
"Ya'll gave him one EV in 08. Our entire state is run by old christian white people who hate Obama because he is a muslim, yet they cheer for Ameer every weekend. That's how."
"Jeez, add Larry Robinson while you're at it. Very nice! Now send a feeler to Oates and see if he wants to join too and get our damn powerplay working!"
"Woohoo, the Ambassador's turret has been removed! Homeworld Remastered 4K Cinematics Trailer"
"Well fuck me, it should still run fine with stock clock, I had a K version running 970 in the past without overclocking, it works fine. It is NOT the K-version. OP said this..."
And they say women are the emotionally unstable ones... (Star Wars:TFA spoilers) Some members of a family are tougher than others...
"hes also a well known high skilled amateur player and has been for a long long time, even back in dota 1... niugnep aka penguin is a well known abuser i would not count him in that list"
"My 10k this morning was an Eevee GDI! Niantic confirms Eevee only spawns in 5KM eggs, and Pidgey/Rattata no longer spawn from 2KM eggs."
"PRAETORS HERE WE COME! Need to replace the damn Kamigawa dragons with *something* worthwhile. I'm just bitter because my box had three mythics: Jugan, Kiega and Ryusei."
"As a Zilean Onetrick...not again please :^) Do you guys worry how your favorite champion might get reworked? For example I play since season 1, my favorite champion being Teemo, he is sure to get some yordle rework. I love his voice (""swiftlay!"") and I m sure the person who voiced him doesn't sound the same anymore or the way he walks- already changed in his new Omega Squad skin -won't be the same. Any thoughts?"
"Can you call a white person a racial slur and actually offend him/her ? North African Arabs used to capture European and American ships and enslave white people. Was that not ""enslavement"" then, since only white people can be racist?"
"""comedy"" Righteous Bison"
"Creamy Pie Smith I can't imagine many parents would name their child ""that one friday night in june when your mother was particularly horny smith"""
Yea I see them I was just wondering if they had some effect on how the switches actually function See this green stickers?
"Multiplied by 0 so 0, but I'm pretty sure he was being sarcastic So Jhin 4th shot does Xerath dmg divided by 0? I'm bad at math, please english."
Ignore my family for Facebook friends. Ignore my family's friend request on stupid facebook
"So not PK at all? Yeah i agree, people shouldn't be pking while servers are dcing."
"Oh man, this makes me miss living in Florida and going to Walmart with my mom. This working out thing just isn't working out..."
"Might not melt but given my homemade wiring and old bike, I'd treat the rain as if my bike would melt Last time I checked, bikes don't melt when they get wet!"
"""eyy bby wnt sum fuk?"" For Redditors with girlfriends, what was the first sentences you said to her?"
There were several links that do that in great detail provided. One can at least explain why the ideas are bad for the benefit of those who aren't familiar with the ideas.
"It was close for a little, but mostly yes. I just saw the score, I didn't watch the game. Was it as one-sided as the score suggests?"
"I did, its puppy love, dont be mean to the faglings Did you even read it? I summarized it perfectly."
"this guy gets it Spawns. Runs 5 minutes. Sniped in the head. Spawns. Runs 5 minutes. ""ONE MINUTE REMAINING!"""
"We still get it a lot on 465, but I have a lot of issues on 74 and 70. Ah, gotcha. It's probably the more rural drivers who are the culprits. I'm across the border, about 45 mins south of Richmond, so all I get are farmers and rednecks."
Sadly with 3 children under 3 and a 9-5 job my time is fairly limited beyond those I touch directly but who knows down the road. Philanthropy
Just wrong warp to the end fight... :) We just need to play the song of time every 3 days until someone completes the 4 temples.
"My roommate has a japanese style bed that sits on the floor i only ever hear when shes moaning loud enough to hear through walls Can anyone recommend a bed frame that won't make it sound like I am murdering an orchestra of accordion players every time I have sex? Sorry if this isn't the right place for this question, but I couldn't think of a better spot. Is this a common problem? I have a decent box spring/mattress set, but am using a cheap metal and spring frame underneath. The racket is ridiculous when my girlfriend and I get going.. Anyone have any tips for solving this? Any good rules of thumb to solve it? I see a lot of wooden slat bed frames, higher quality spring frames, etc. out there, but no idea what typically works best."
"Honestly anyone who wants it should just get an alpha industries one or even a fucking hm one, youre literally paying more cause its supreme and it doesnt even say supreme on it, instead it has a dumbass quote I wish the fishtail didn't have text on the back.... Would have been an instant cop. The Justice for all text just makes you look like a school shooter. this week is a pass, I have the Tanker coming in tomorrow so that should keep me happy for about 46 minutes."
"Yeah or he didn't want a kid. Sounds to me like he was trying to brush it off with bravado, deep down, he was probably pretty cut up about it."
How do the Broncos/Panthers compare to the 95-96 Bulls? Headlines ESPN will come up with the day after the Super Bowl
Why? Good on him; terrible title OP
"Sans is the one who gets me. I drew 9 of the major boss fights. Here are high-res versions of them, all together!"
Last hits and net worth. Moments after you die you are shown your life stats page. What is the first stat you look up?
"What happened to the original guy? Guccifer2.0 is fraudulent. They don't mind taking down the DNC because the DNC already accomplished their goal...get Hillary the nomination. They chose the name Guccifer2.0 to make everyone forget about our legit hero, GUCCIFER. Guccifer was uncovering the shadow government and the illuminati. Far more damaging than bringing down that cunt DWS. Why would a hacker name themselves after their idol? They would be stealing the fame of their idol. Google Guccifer and all you get is Guccifer2.0."
This is an obvious case of white privilege. I broke 100 comment karma with my first comment and it wasn't even a good one. Now I feel like I've missed on some kind of important experience :P
I think we watch different news casts. Right but we don't exactly have mass murders occurring in broad daylight
I absolutely hate seeing the toll that a mix of poverty and addiction and shitty mental state has on people... but fuck if I want to be on the receiving end of the anti-social consequences You already do...
"No, I don't know whether it does, sorry. Do you know if it stacks with the discount from Hard Reset?"
I'll be doing Super Rotation Battles in the Battle Maison in AS In preparation for SuMo... What's everyone doing to prepare for the new gen? I'm planning on getting all my favorites and legendaries/events lined up to transfer over. Doubt items will be transferable. Anyone going nuts with breeding or leveling or anything?
"Damn, you've got me again :) I'm doing a lot of going back to grazing under your watchful eye. Why are you such a god damn paranoid nut? That kind of thing has never happened and never will. Governments and rulers haven't abused their power since the age of emperors and kings went away. Stop trying to destroy democracy."
"Everybody else is against him because his crass ignorance and narcissism is truly scary. The establishment is against Trump because Trump is anti establishment. He questions the Fed, wants to leave other countries alone, communicate with Russia, bring back manufacturing jobs and stop policing the world for ""free."" Yeah, of course the corporate media, owned by the same corporate banks and MIC, wants to shut him down. The corporations have been fleecing us for many years."
Parody brother from the other big comic company. Any relation to Wade Wilson?
"You're certainly making a laughing stock of yourself with this hyperbolic bullshit. In less than one year, Germany has screwed over the entire Europe with the refugee crisis and also managed to become the laughing stock of the entire Europe. What an achievement."
"That's the joke. Throwing shrimp on the barbie is an Aussie saying, not British..."
"He also championed Bush2.0 an utter failure. Rush has been among the few actively speaking out against Obama and the GOPe. He's just fine, especially now that The Rat King is out of the race."
"Uther the lightbringer warcraft series, I'm a suckerfor the cliche honor duty respect characters. Who is your favorite video game character of all time? Has there been a character in a game that's made a difference in your life? Maybe one that you've gotten attached to over the years, or one that didn't get enough appreciation?"
mindfuck Krish 4?
"If Golden State somehow doesn't win it all this year Durant may just opt out and retire Durant talking to himself in the practice: ""They called me a coward. Putting in work."""
Portugal just doesn't care anymore. I bet that you haven't seen Iberia like this
Had like 1 or 2 lines Him in zero dark thirty
"Good practice, but I think at that point it would be ok to ""sail the seas"" if ya know what I mean. This is why you don't buy ebooks that you can't download to your computer (and remove the DRM from)."
"""Sorry I'm late for work, officer douchebag pulled me over to tell me I wasn't breaking the law...for some reason that still involved sitting at the side of the road for 20 minutes while he ran my plates"" ""I know I didn't pull over for the cops, but I assumed it was for a 'good ticket' and I'm too busy to deal with that crap."""
"Neither manual has any helpful information relating to my issue I don't want to seem facetious, but have you looked at the manual that comes with the GPU? it may have some information on their. Or also the PSU manual ?"
nou damn you and your R4
Which aren't comparable to each other. SAT or ACT scores.
"My old neighbours used that but I live in Canada so in made no sense. FBI SURVEILLANCE VAN #17 Not only do they worry about the FBI, but worry about the 16 other trucks."
"I guess its just perception but I live in the suburbs of NY and those things youve listed only further push my point. Doesn't offer much? Oil, Mining, Fishing, (if it ever gets approved like it should have decades ago) Natural Gas, Logging, Farming (If you know what you're doing), Snow Machining, Dog Sledding, Sea Life Studying, And Hunting. This sate offers more then most places in the world do. It's expensive and cold but that's the best defense against people who are anti-progress, I just wish it worked better."
Burst fire working? Well you can find modded versions of moto camera on xda that you can flash trought recovery but slo-mo mode isn't working. I'm using google camera but it miss many features.
"""This was a joke, but most people are butthurt because they think it's insulting to their favorite movies"" 'I Clearly Misunderstood All of These'"
? I've been listening to moist vagina a lot recently
Put this in the hall of fame Give me another
I'm going to need this one explained How else do you expect to make Canadian babies?
"So does crit go out the window since you're ignoring sw pain and vt? You take CoP, insanity, and twist of fate. Halo/cascade depending on the fight. You need 35% haste min, a little more if you have lag or latency issues, but anything over that has huge diminishing returns. You also need the class trinket. Basically that amount of haste allows you to keep the class trinket debuff up 100% and makes shadow fiend line up to always be during a filler so you never delay any part of the rotation . You build to 3 orbs, use 1 more global, DP, 2 ticks of insanity, MB, 4 ticks of insanity, 1 global, MB, 3 global, and then MB for your 3rd orb, start from beginning. Once you get 35% haste, mastery becomes your best stat and you should stack it as much as possible."
"Which was exactly the case here, someone else posted the full video that shows the solo dude complaining and trying to surrender way early when the game was still very winnable. This so much. Newsflash you are not the center of everyone else's world the 4 que more than likely doesn't give a single fuck about you unless you antagonize them you will have a great time but if you antagonize someone's friend it is human nature to be confrontational"
"Yeah, last I heard he was having a hard time locking it up in that birdcage of his. I think God has enough problems with the Darkness already."
"Not even a little bit true, which is probably why this is mentioned nowhere in the article linked. TIL - Epsom salt or Magnesium Sulfate is what Miracle Grow or any plant growth formula is made of and Epsom salt can be bought for much cheaper."
The popcornenning! So this is how is happens...
"Post the after pictures when you're ready, actually kinda curious :) Current PC Setup before I change a few things. (Yes the console will be moved)"
Only good for uplink if your team is running 4 hard wired. Are emp's good?
"Customers cannot read especially if it is not the price they want Zero to angry in two seconds I work at a beauty store that sells high end makeup, and working there has me occasionally showing people how to apply products we sell A young girl wanted some help learning how to do a smokey eye - something I was more than happy to do since she was about to buy a rather expensive eye shadow palette. I get my brushes ready and start showing her the technique As I'm helping her, another customer - a woman probably in her forties - Comes up to me and asks me how much the mascara she has in her hand costs. I was slightly annoyed that she decided to butt in while I was already helping someone, but decided I would try to help her a bit. Not wanting to walk away from the guest I was already with, I told her that the price should be listed right under the area where the rest of the mascaras were sitting, on the opposite side of the display she was looking at. It looked like she had found the item placed in the wrong spot She then angrily yells out ""I already looked there and it's not there!"" and tosses her items she has in her hand into the display and stomps off. I just shrug and go back to helping my guest I was already with A coworker comes up and goes ""what was she mad about?"" and I explained what happened and we both laughed. He walked over to where the mascaras are and sure enough the price is listed.."
"""Once the lone holdout against 20XX, PPMD has joined the dark side..."" ""The year is 20XX, every player uses Falco..."""
"Well obviously, the patch just came out like a week ago. it wasnt for cbus. and i really never saw cross map throws."
"Helping a bro out and saying tanner hill. Playing my BF this week, MUST CRUSH HIM, need QB advice I'm not sure if I have confidence in playing Eli Manning or if I should give Ryan Tannehill a chance. I must beat my boyfriend this week in order to maintain 2nd in my division. Tannehill is playing at home against the Tennessee Titans. Do I give up on Eli and take a long shot or do I stick with douche bag who has sucked it up the last 2 weeks, resulting in 2 losses?"
Good initiative but our Internet isn't just bad out in the bush Pauline Hanson: Kids from the bush tell me because their speeds are so bad they keep getting beaten by gamers from overseas - Unacceptable
"they aint the ones sending people to die Vietnam, Iraq, Libya, etc even though they never attacked us That just as racist as saying shit about a group of blacks. Love the reverse racism."
"No u , You've got a misplaced apostrophe in your comment."
"I've always enjoyed jumping off the GW bridge I have one day in NYC in June. What should I do? So r/asknyc, I'm a British student who will be spending his summer working in Montauk, and I am arriving in June. However before I go there, I will be spending one day in NYC. What are the things I should do in NYC? What would be top of the bucket list?"
"""Dan was the man!"" Your highest rated comment is now what you involuntarily scream when orgasming. How hot has your sex life just become?"
"""make's"" isn't a word Probably autocorrect being a dick"
"Posting links to quickmeme is banned, but he rehosted on imgur and directly linked to the image This is the wrong place to reply, you press reply below the comment you want to reply on. Also you used quickmeme which im pretty sure is banned."
"Well of course, when you dehumanize or demonize your competition/opponents it makes easier you and others to hate them. ""Vote D"" Just in case people missed out on who to blame."
"Effing Romanian judge still gives him a 9.9 - I swear these things are rigged. Didn't stick the landing, no gold for him this year."
"Netflix is doing an original series of A Series of Unfortunate Events. A Series of Unfortunate Events or The Magic Tree House series. And no, I don't worship the devil."
Easily my favorite city on the planet. I was there last year and staying in a swanky hotel overlooking the river. The capital was packed with an impressive flyby of all kinds of aircraft followed by the red bull team spiralling through the sky's. A worthwhile event and city to go to.
"Wait what Mexicans are heterosexuals, and Donald Trump wants to build big wall to separate the homosexuals from them"
more like politicians saying we say that Who said that? nobody is saying that
(The Aristocrats Edit). I don't think those were rated R.
"PROTIP: You can't heal two targets at the same time. HEAL BOTH, DANGIT."
"MAKE BREAKFAST GREAT AGAIN ""And mark my words, we will make breakfast ..."""
Agree with every word Dota 2 Guide
"That was a fucking brilliant story. I have no idea what the fuck was with my school and I still don't know if it was us that started it but we had something kind of stupidly magical happen every now and then. Now I'm not taking credit because maybe I saw it happen before or something but I will take credit for spreading it. I convinced a few of my friends to start slowly clapping for no reason and slowly build it up. We didn't even get a chance to slow clap for long because pretty soon tables in the back started to clap also and it spread quickly. Pretty soon everyone was clapping and cheering while looking around all confused. I think the first few times this happened everyone was confused. The teachers, students, lunch staff and security guards. Every kid was clapping and cheering. Of course after a while it spread to all lunch periods. It was a big school so we had like 4 different periods for lunch so that the lunchroom wouldn't be too crowded all at once. It got out of control fast. I would be in class and out of nowhere I would hear cheers and claps from across the building. Everyone was in on it but of course I had to test it more. 7:55 AM right before classes start and hallways were full we started clapping. Of course everyone and their mother joined in and it went wild. That day class didn't start until like 8:15. Then the assemblies would not be able to start because right as they would attempt to start we would start clapping and cheering like crazy. Some guest speakers were shocked and kind of pleasantly surprised because they thought we were really just happy they were there. It was a shitty school but that clapping shit kind of united us all for a while. The adults tried their best to stop it but it just made everyone cheer louder, especially when they would try to make an example out of someone. Well shit got bad eventually. Either we got bored or just remembered that we're a pretty ghetto school and hate each other. One time when someone started clapping in the lunchroom and everyone joined in it only lasted for like 15 seconds before the food started flying. Food fights were pretty common at our school but this once again surprised everyone. Pretty soon yelling ""FOOOOOD FIIIGHT!!!!"" was replaced by someone simply starting to clap. The worst thing about that was that it was enough for a couple of tables to hear it and they would start throwing food without the rest of the kids getting a chance to get ready or duck. It was chaos. Now the reason I don't give myself credit for this is because even though my friends agreed that we were the ones that started it others claimed it too. It pissed us off but then again I was never sure. The shit stopped for a while. They started to give us clean lunches where the only thing worth throwing was your milk so food fights stopped. The clapping stopped. Then the funniest most coordinated shit happened a couple of weeks before school ended. Two 8th graders stood in front of the only two doors that led to the gymnasium where we were having a big assembly honoring the teachers and a few students. The 8th graders told everyone the same thing ""Do not clap no matter what!"" I have no idea why but we all kind of listened. The assembly starts: ""Welcome everybody! This school year is almost over but let us take a few moments to celebrate the teachers that made all of this possible!"" Silence. ""Mmmm okay first of let's give it up for our 8th graders who are on their way to a whole new life of high school!"" All teachers clap but silence from us. The principal looked confused, looked back at the staff and pointed at the mic asking if it's on. We all heard what she asked because we were completely silent. This went on for the whole assembly. Some kids ended up clapping for their favorite teachers or their classmates getting recognition but other than that it was super quiet. The assembly was closing. That's when we started clapping and cheering like never before. We just kept going and going. Adults were fucking pissed trying to yell over us. We chanted USA! for at least 5 minutes. Some adults couldn't handle it. Our principal was red as fuck and she was fuming. She started screeching and almost crying until she finally walked out. As soon as she walked out we quieted down. She came back and we started cheering again. A lot of the kids chanted her name but we were totally off key and her name was a tough one to chant. She walked out again and this time she didn't come back. The final bell rang and we all walked out. There were no fights that day or the day after which was really something that just did not happen in our school. Every normal day we'd have at least 2-3 fights. Fuck no one's going to read this shit. Maybe I'll put a TL:DR. TL;DR: Clap. Get your friends to clap. People will join in and create chaos."
Apparently it was $600... There's a report out that it was over money
the feeling would be greater if we beat a good team Breaking the R16 duck would be nice.
They're being more of a pedant. Don't be such a troglodyte.
"If you're feeling cheatty, you can edit the persistance.sfs file to bring her back My first Valentina death I've been launching a series of Mercury-style flights to figure out ascent profiles and area ruling for NuFAR. Val went up and established an orbit, then Jeb did an ascent. Then it was time to do re-entries so my best pilots could get back to KSC for the next round. Val had first re-entry because she had been up longer. Decouple service module, warp to sunrise, attempt to orient retrograde. Realize that I have no ElectricCharge. Warp another quarter of an orbit until the direction I'm pointing is retrograde. Retrofire. Cross my fingers. I've heard the horror stories about capsules flipping, but with NuFAR and my equipment configuration on the capsule it's stable. Make it through the heating, deploy parachute as soon as I'm subsonic. Realize I'm heading for a mountain. Capsule hits. Parachute cuts. Capsule starts rolling. Boom. One retro gone. Boom. Another retro gone. Wondering if I'll make it to flat ground after all. BOOM. Capsule gone. Val MIA."
"I got 14 free happy hours in 2013, had to just stop going, then it turned into McStabbin's In 2009 I got a free happy hour at McFaddens"
"Yeah I never watched the show and that left me crying Jesus, I had no context starting that video, and it still hit me in under three minutes. What would that have done to me as a kid?"
makes your squad look like a walking andy warhol painting make dat armor **POP**
There is always someone to hate if you try hard enough. There's probably some dictator of a third world country that's worthy of my hatred.
"People would be on the forum with pitchforks if the only way to buy those two was for hundreds of dollars. Yeah, the size of the bundles is a little ridiculous. I was down for a 20-30 dollar impulse purchase but none of these items really qualify. Hopefully they have some single-ship discounts tomorrow. Also, if you are going to sell a $400 bundle, you could at least include the Gremy and the Nikolai..."
"Dwarf Fortress What are some games I can play on an absolute potato? Windows Version: Microsoft Windows 7 Home Premium Edition Service Pack 1 (build 7601), 64-bit Processor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-2400S CPU @ 2.50GHz Graphics Card: Intel(R) HD Graphics Family Total RAM: 5.9 GB Those are my specs, and I am pretty much brand new to the whole PC gaming thing. What games will I be able to run? I know this computer isn't up to date in the slightest but is there anything I can have fun with? Thanks."
No taxation without representation! Manhattan lawyer files class action suit after he was blocked from voting in New York primary as an Independent
Everyone used to believe in slavery and certain races being superior to others too Everyone believed in eugenics at that time. It was government policy in many countries and widely accepted across society. Don't hang that one on Tesla..
"Good to hear, I only bought the D1 the other day. It's definitely on par. My 250ohm 990's still give my (arguably a tier or two higher) HD650's a run for their money, they're a fantastic choice. Hell yeah, the D1 is a kickass little piece of equipment and it does its job splendidly."
Light. What color valk is it?
"It's for a good cause, so what? Unfortunately the majority of ""no shave november"" participants end up being ""neckbeard november"" participants"
"Wrong person? nope 4 years ago, yes this year, nope read posts under this one"
"I doubt Buu has the firing power to do it... seriously. I guess I should have been more specific, eventually Buu hits him with something strong enough to put him down, not wears him down."
8====D ;)
"Go to the roster screen, select your RTTS player, and there should be an option to assign your player to the DL. How did you just manually put yourself on the DL?"
*swoooooooshh* I don't think this is a Monstercat release
Shut your face. I think this is our year boys!!!
They do but those are DC characters and unrelated to JJ. What they really need to do is make a Zatanna and a Talia al Ghul (**please** correct me if I'm wrong)
"Don't we all rub our wet naked bodies anyhow? LPT: Before drying yourself with the towel after a shower, try pre-drying yourself. You can get most water off of you by using your hand like a squeegee, and it will save you some time, as well as avoiding getting the towel soaking wet. I find this ""technique"" more effective to dry yourself, both in time spent and a more dry final result."
TGIF GFY
"You're talking for yourself at this point. If you've ever gotten off your ass and ran a little you'd know the high's are indeed very similar. Clearly, the point is they ARE high, but NOT impaired. Should joggers then be banned from driving because they get high? Should anyone with running shoes be made to walk, or walk the line. I mean just look at them.. eyes all glossly, increased heart rate... dehydration and dry tongues hanging out... why if that's not impaired what is. Besides, if they weren't breaking the law they wouldn't have to run from it. Only criminals run. Anyway they should support the pharmaceutical industry and take drugserrrr.... meds.... take meds to be healthy."
"and trundle janna, karma, bard, thresh. Probably the most diverse. also raka is banned some games"
Close enough. Uhhhh... from my recollection it was an old white guy with a moustache.
Looks like an octopus leg! This cake I made looks like a fucking skin disease
"TheBron ""You Think You're Clever/Funny But You're Not"" JamesHarden Ray ""Fake Retire"" Allen"
"Run Barry, run. I love how fast-paced Battlefield 1 is..."
"My apologies, thanks for the correction. That is neither a theory or how it actually works. The rattle is made of keratin, and each segment is formed fully prior to each shed, with a new proximal rattle segment growing each time. It is not made of shed skin. Baby rattlesnakes are born with a prebutton, the first segment, which can make sound after the 2nd shed."
Wtf Success is a gangbang and failure is a lonely rapist hiding in the bushes
"It is, the current n3ds firmware is 9.8 Before considering, idk if their fan translation can be applied to all firmwares, as most of the testing ***I think*** is on older firmware 3ds. Don't quote me on this."
"My Lumia 928 (released May 2013) is running Windows 10 Tech Preview. The biggest difference there is that all cars are composed of largely the same thing- gasoline engine, windows on all four sides, and four round wheels with rubber tires, and that's been consistent for the last hundred years. The same thing has been around for so long that you can count on them being around for quite a while longer. With mobile devices, we might not even be using silicon for processors any more in a few years, and phones may forgo screens entirely. The changes made are so drastic that older hardware is simply incompatible with new firmware and software, attempting to run a modern workload on a dated device like an Xperia Z would be like trying to jerry rig an old air-cooled beetle with all of the technology and comfort of a modern beetle without making any changes to the chassis or drivetrain. So much more strain than the car was originally designed for would make it slower, less fuel efficient, and less reliable. Every year apps do more and are therefore more resource intensive, and an OS that will keep it all running smoothly is more resource intensive as well. Year-over-year improvements are great enough that mobile devices devices reach the limit of their original capability more quickly than with other technologies."
"I'd say neckbeard, actually Hmm. I don't really call it beard unless there's attachment to chin. THat's more, y'know, ruff. Chest ruff. That's my story and I'm sticking to it."
"""We can't tolerate this intolerance of intolerace"" O'Reilly: Some Of The People Accusing Trump Of Being A Fascist Are The Real Fascists"
"If you tell me that you're pansexual, I assume that you're an attention seeking moron. Do you discriminate against a particular demographic, if so why?"
"In the four tournaments leading up to TI, Zai would consistently be super farmed on the offlane iirc, especially on Brood. You mean the 2 games?:P one of them was mid and the other was in a 1 v 1 lane, even though that is kind of a hardlane vs a bristleback."
I like this one. Crepes. I can out-eat *anyone* if it's crepes.
"a me interessa sapere come si fiuta un'inculata in campo immobiliare. Lavoro in un'Agenzia immobiliare, se a qualcuno interessa."
Unlike a trump property however the contractor got paid Oh no.... Trump Towers in NMS?????? Just kidding Awesome
MOM HELP HE'S THREATENING ME WITH ALL HIS MONEY Wait a second... MOM /U/RUDEDOOD IS HARASSING ME ON REDDIT
"Except we make fun of a group that's generally hateful and promotes rape culture. To be fair, if they actually crack down on hate subs, I don't see how ours would survive. This sub is entirely dedicated to mocking and shaming a type of person (though, as anyone here would agree, a type of person well deserving)"
"The phantom edit. Well, I tried watching 'Last Turn to the Dark Side', a well-known example of such an edit. It's still bad - you just can't polish a turd."
"forest-trees Breathe in, look at your stanley cup flair, and breathe out. It's going to be okay"
:o whaaaat OMG!! Am I the 1st who received the 6.0 Android Wear update???
"But then you have to live in Houston. once oil starts going back up move to houston! great jobs great money and low cost of living, while the oil price is good."
:(( Episode (( Part (( Chapter ( :(( Episode (( Part ((
"They forked Reddits source code from github, so essentially the same thing without the admin over-reach (for now). What exactly is voat?"
"I know your comment is a lie not because you being a drug lord is unlikely, but because you owning a basement in Houston would be downright miraculous! My basement"
"SSD only for Windows, programs and games. What exactly do you plan on doing? There is multiple reasons for partitioning."
"is it confirmed that the format will not allow these cards even through portal/ discover? Poop Curator, he will be hugely nerfed in upcoming standard format. All the best Deathrattle cards are in Nax and GvG."
I want to hear more about this satanic peace logo. My dad just read out this little anecdote from his magazine
"Hi, it's me... ur uncle My uncle writes for Mr Robot! Maybe i could get you a autograph if you had any requests :D"
"If that's all you've done, your a-ok Anyone ever get a security clearance for a military job? I recently accepted a job with the Navy and am going through the security clearance process. The ONLY blemish on my record is that I've smoked weed about 5 times in my life, most recently being about two years ago and of course I disclosed this. Anyone else ever been in a similar situation? Do I have anything to be worried about?"
She's too PC/passive. ...what's wrong with Merkel?
"This would have been a great April Fools TIL if it wasn't true. TIL that Dexter Holland, the front man of Offspring, is a PhD student helping study how... microRNA sequences can help fight against HIV. And while he was a young grad student at USC, he came up with the phrase ""gotta keep 'em separated"" while waiting for two petri dishes to cool off."
Would ABC's or CBS's coverage really be any different? It really pisses me off they have a contract to cover the Olympics until 2020. We have to sit through this again in 2016.
"Please do. **Fair warning:** I'm going to start removing posts with titles like ""So..."" and ""Really now..."" Post titles should describe the post."
Ocho and TO weren't like this and they were considered the definition of diva receivers The drama queen wide receiver is not a new phenomenon.
"That's okay, I've got a hand grenade that will take care of them. As everyone knows, rabbits are vicious, bloodthirsty creatures"
"Well, sometimes Murphy just loves us too much.. :) This is the first time he's ever had knee issues. We have no idea what he did to it."
"Magic back juice, that made me laugh. Hopefully Romo doesn't let him come over and drink his blood. I don't like to see anyone get injured... but Romo doesn't have to heal everyone with his magic back juice. Fuck the packers."
"dealing only 750 MAGIC damage so it probably wont even kill supps... Did you see that the snare mine is instant though, it will work out fine I think."
"If you insist on that, then a battery has ""negative resistance"", because U/I is negative. _Weeell_, Ohm's law is actually two things: First the form R = U/I which _is_ universal - because that is actually the definition of resistance. But if you then add that this relation should hold for _changing_ U and I, then you have a linear approximation."
"IIRC Astralis have one This commitment to updating TSM's infrastructure means that they are 100% going to hire a sports psychologist. Sports psychologists help enormously and have done wonders for their LoL team, I'm sure in a highly ( and more competitive game I might add) stressful game such as CS:GO, they will definitely help since there will always be arguments wiithin the team and also mental and emotional problems at times. Also on a side note, does anyone know if any other CS teams have sports psychs?"
"When the guitar pick slide happens as the ship goes by... Perfect. ya, there's a bit of a slump in the middle for sure, but that part later on was a crazy coincidence."
"Still pizza. ""Winners get fresh hot pizza. Little shits that lose get microwavable pizza rolls."""
The simplest way to do that is to block them outright. I want to hide all my Facebook activity from someone in particular How can I do that?
Our biggest get was resigning Tom Johnson. Vikings biggest FA get is Shaun Hill... Really should have pushed for Boling. Now LG is a HUGE need for Minnesota unless they think Yankey will be the guy in 2015 which I don't think. La'el Collins becomes a real possibility for them. Starts LG and perhaps future take over at LT.
"Come Monday we'll be able to compare and contrast how the various polling firms and the poll aggregators fared. EKOS: Liberal 33.7%, Conservative 33.3%, NDP 21.9%, Bloc 4.7%, Green 4.1%"
That is always my goal when I make love to a woman. Well at least he is prepared for his new wife to cry after the first time.
nah... not at all... I guess it is an old bbs thing... bK. I'm curious to know why people sign their comments when their name is literally an inch away from the bottom of the comment...are you afraid they'll forget?
"Did you have to repackage your xbox, or did you just go and ask them? Bought an Xbox One on 10/28 at GameStop. Got free controller! I bought my sunset overdrive bundle at GameStop on 10/28 and asked them if I can get the 50 bucks back, they told me to come back after the 2nd and they would definitely refund me. So I did and they did! I was going to use the 50 towards a new controller anyways so I told them that and I got the controller for practically free. So for $400 I got a white Xbox one, 2 controllers and sunset overdrive! If you bought your Xbox one at GameStop shortly before the 2nd, go back in there and get your refund!"
Use the Dogs or the Spiders for Parts! Ah I see. I think the devs have talked about being able to start from scratch but it's not really possible currently unless you can scrape the components together from the lander parts for an assembler
You poor delusional thing there is no clean money in e-sports outside of teamliquid
"In other news, attention whores repost the same baseless drama that other attention whores posted. Ann Coulter posted this link and commented that rape and harassment are ""weirdly common"" among atheists. Responses, rebuttals?"
Looks like a robot face vomiting Roman soldiers. When you don't upgrade old units in Civ
Is that Prost driving? Why is there not a racing division of these?
yes no more creepers no more creepers
I want a ''Black and White'' one! That SCI one is awesome!!!!
"I actually think we can land one solid DT Round 2 - Pick 12: Austin Johnson, DT, Penn State (Tennessee Titans)"
Well done Chuck E Cheese... Nathan Lyon becomes the first Australian off-spinner to take 200 wickets!
Honestly never even heard that as a complaint before. really.....stealing OC's? LOL
"Thugs. Cops Destroying Cameras, Eating Edibles and Playing Darts"
"That McNaughton is one shitty painter. It's accurate. The Bundys are a disproportionate people, probably due to polygamous inbreeding."
"I don't need to name a bigger upset, you referred to it as a massacre, when he didn't win by that mich Versus what was projected, name a bigger upset. Go on, I'll wait."
"MLK to 35 is a mess. I hope they set up on MLK. It has become my daily nightmare trying to get off campus because people just sit in the intersection. Of course, this also could make it impossible for us because we don't have a turn signal and the road fills up in between lights making it impossible to turn."
"Beautiful! F/29/5'9"" Halfway there!"
Can someone explain for the very causal fan? Fandoms UNITE!
Laziness. I would assume younger people have a pretty good grasp on technology. How can they not find good new music? It's all over the place and more accessible than ever.
"Lol man! What gave you the idea cuckolding had anything to do with sexual orientation? It's actually *better* if the cuckold is straight, because then every time he swallows cum for his cuckoldress he's having to really stretch his obedience for her. For a faggot like me there's practically no stopping me. I'll beg for it if I have to."
Technically so is AW On the other hand MCC is at least partially using dedicated servers....
"Yeah, but I can teach it something else if I would make it possible Does it hvae extreme speed?"
"I think he was referring to the average WOT player that ""plays on low or mid-spec PCs"" aka under 300$ machines with integrated graphics cards. I've seen WOT on the xbox one - it looks like shit. I run WOT at 4k with every option on max and get my max 60 fps constantly. So no, ps4 version doesn't necessarily look better. This is just them trying to market the game to a new platform. They can't really admit it looks worse can they?"
I want facial hair like that D: but all I got is a damn goatee Straight razor vs 7 month beard
"That would probably work, yeah If Garnet had to, could she unfuse in midair and then Ruby would throw Sapphire? Like, let's say someone/thing important was falling, but waaaaaay ahead. Garnet jumps at it/them with all her might, but realizes she's not moving forward fast enough. So, she unfuses midair so that Ruby can throw Sapphire, Sapphire catches the thing/person, and floats down gently."
"Size 6 is ""skinny person clothes""? from the eighties, due to vanity sizing, it's probably closer to a modern day 6"
"grove park is crappy....there are other subdivisions in the area that are much nicer...mostly as you get closer to the miami/glenwood intersection Old info, but 5 years ago the HOA in the Grove Park subdivision was horrible. Certainly part of the reason we left there. They may have improved, but I am certainly a non-HOA kind of person in any case."
Shots... shots fired? That's because its not from LAPD
"Please delete this. VIDEO: Best sets against a 2-3 Zone, featuring North Carolina, Louisville, Michigan and Iowa State"
"Scneiderlin is better than William Carvalho. Don't want him, should aim higher. Should aim William Carvalho at least."
So... the laser is powered by jet fuel? Hide yo Steel Beams.
"Entering Thanks for being a bro OP. GTA 5, let's go !"
Ad hominem retort and declaration of invalidity of your argument due to obvious status as a fanboy. Angry counter post defending Google's philosophy while not actually saying anything meaningful.
Well the Rays didn't have anybody slug .456 or better last season. Rays sign Juan Francisco.
"You're going to get downvoted for this here, just a warning A Response: How Destiny ruined the Division for me"
The bonus has to do with bounced shots most likely. T57 Heavy confirmed exp bonus
"Thank you! U-Bahn actually has writing on the doors that says ""do not board without a validated ticket"". Buy a day ticket if you plan to do 3 trips or more on the day."
He asked for an estimation Is this confirmed? Last year he had 90 and the stats have been upgraded for legends this year.
"Pretty shot! She may be getting up in years, but she still takes me to some beautiful places."
"No you wouldn't, professional announcers wear more makeup than pornstars. I would def fuck her tho"
"I'll take two, please. This is what I did during my final year of Art School"
wheres the cringe tho? Porn pops up on presentation for students.
I dont understand Firepower Chart...
"First Round should look something like this: Cavs - Knicks Bulls - Pacers Raps - Pistons Heat - Hawks What does the EC playoff race look like a month from now? Are any of the 2-7 seeds likely to slip into the dangerzone the Magic/Celtics are in? Is Orlando's slump temporary or are team's getting used to playing against the Oladipo as supersub rotation? With Smart back and the Celtics still slumping, where do they go from here? They seem like they have too much depth to fall too far down, but they also just lack offensive talent to get it together on that end while teams like Detroit, Indiana, and Miami play short rotations but are very talented. Do you expect New York to keep trending up? Orlando and Charlotte both enjoyed 20-game peaks where they went like 14-6, can New York get one going for them as well, or maybe even ride this level of play to the end of the season? And how high could they go? Are the Hornets capable of climbing out of injury hell? Teams with injuries tend to stay injured as injuries tend to make you more vulnerable to injury, but the Pelicans were in a similar position last season and still made it to the playoffs. And what's even going on with the Wizards? They seem to be in a holding pattern, and even with Oubre's emergence as a rotation player, they still seem to be playing at the same level overall."
LVG and Martinez are sitting in a room somewhere with a pile of LFC player voodoo dolls. Ibe Hamstring (James Pearce)
"Good idea, he's a clean freak and a tight ass (and i say that in the most loving way) so he would be happy with the price. You could try backpacker hostels. They're cheap and nasty."
"True, I doubt they can get level 25 in 3 days. Just play ranked, not many players from free week will get there"
"So... what has RBNY done yet? By the start of 2015, MLS teams must either start a USL team (like LA Galaxy II) or have a loan agreement with one (like SKC with Oklahoma City). The MLS Reserve League has always been kind of sloppy, with games getting cancelled, local amateurs filling out the roster, etc. This move ensures the fringe/developmental guys on each roster get experience in meaningful games with dedicated coaching."
"Wow, I know so much secrets. 14 secret shortcuts to enhance your usage in Windows"
Another one from WoW would have helped him there as well (Aerie Peak). Half of those seem like fake words anyway.
Uber has been pushing car loans to their drivers - that then have high variable interest rates. Uber is a scam: Tow truck driver says he's repossessing 90% Uber drivers because they can't pay their bills
How old are you? I'm so doing this on my flight back home on the 26th. I feel bad for the people on my flight and they don't even know it yet.
"That, and it would also be nice in the menu where you can see discoveries to see a list of blueprints you have unlocked and empty spaces for blueprints that have not yet been unlocked. Suggestion : blueprints Allowing us to browse the blueprints we own even when all slots are full would be nice. This is an issue especially with multitools early in the game since the slots for me are always full and in order to see if I have better upgrades availible I have to dismantle one just to check Who's with me"
"He had it in a common area of the apartment (it was locked up at least), and someone else reported it to CUPD. Seriously though, I want to know what the hell happened to justify this kid getting caught with a gun. Was he bragging about it? Did he threaten anyone?"
"What? Let's go warriors, I don't want to have to be an Oklahoma fan next year."
some progress update ;) This! is! Footbrawl!
Considering he's not an MMA fighter I wouldn't doubt it. Floyd would tap in under a minute. I'd bet my fucking house on it.
He could be a Private Investigator... Magnum.
~~Lindley~~ Kaepernick is padding his stats Lindley is padding his stats
Fact that Giannis is 6'11 running a fast break and out running Lebron is sp00ky Giannis gets visited by the Ghost of Chase Downs Past
"Link doesn't work Protip: if you want your band not to be mocked, don't compare them to a band for children."
"Yes, yes he does. But he has such a funny name!"
"Yeah, the bug when u Q in fountain and hit ppl was hilarious :D Yup! Did everything make sense to you?"
"Ah yes, of the Nutella Dynasty. Archaeologists digging in Egypt have found a Mummy embalmed with chocolate and hazlenuts It's believed to be a Pharaoh Rocher"
"Just imagine loving wrestling, going to shows with my father in the 20's, then maybe once or twice a year scraping together enough money to go see a show during the depression, going and getting a job and getting your kids to love wrestling too, and then all of a sudden reading this and finding out wrestling is fake Breaking News From January 12, 1957"
Looks like the actor that plays Ragnars oldest son on Vikings Their goalie looks like KDB
"Contratcs having dates of ending is not something you expect from them? Wait what, this was expected?"
"Slender, waning in potency, and lamenting the past? Elvish, actually."
"Well, dead men don't talk. Shoot first, ask questions....never?"
"*citation needed Yeah, that pretty much never happens buddy. Go back to your MRA forum."
"He doesn't. Well that's probably for the best, because once you get on... well, you know."
"20* Well, you can't start at level 0."
"While on Reddit duh You're at school 10-15 hours a day and listen to headphones through out the whole duration of that time? So tell me, when do you do your learning?"
"I wondered how the Donald reddit was doing with all these appointments, but it's all just ""LALALALALALA look emails LALALALA"" I don't hate Trump voters. I feel sorry for them. Embarrassingly naive. Easily duped."
"683,680 683 679"
"His credit worthiness isn't going the factor into the dealer's decision to sell to him. I doubt it's the same thing, but my stepfather recently bought a hellcat challenger from dodge and this was his 4th but from them in the last 2 years, he got it a bit below the msrp and 0% financing. It's pretty much unheard of and the reasons he got it are 1.) his brother works at the dealership and is kinda high level there 2.) he has perfect credit 3.) he bought 3 cars from the prior on an almost regular basis. I would assume that you have to be some sort of ""VIP"" to get those types of deals."
Funniest one I have seen so far Chairman Pao taking a relaxing bath after a long day of shadowbanning
/whoosh To the government? I'm not actually recommending someone do this I'm just saying I think that I think they would calculate such a number that way.
"Well to be fair to the cat, the placement of the cat bed is a bit daft considering the table is used for food prep! I'm just gonna sleep here. This is the perfect pace for me to sleep."
"What do religious, or lack of religious beliefs have to do with web browsers? No, as opposed to redirecting to search engine that would actually respect user privacy and mantain Mozzila's open source principles. But then Mozilla's open source principles exist only in deluded minds of open source devotees , because the reality is, Mozzilla needs to sell your data to big corpo to even keep operating. Checkmate, atheists."
"I'm not sure, PM the mods. I changed it up a bit, is that okay?"
"Hell, he used Freddy in Space and Head in jar Scott as a boss, so i wouldn't rule it out. Good Thing That Scott Uses Memorable Memes... Bootleg Freddy might actually make an appearence in the next FNaF World update!"
That Finland doesn't exist What does 99% of Reddit agree about?
Is there a reason besides nostalgia that you'd use John over hashcat? Kids these days don't even know John. Now get off my lawn.
"According to the bot problem in L2, yes they would and they do ignore a bot problem Did you think NCsoft would just ignore a bot problem? Just because there were alot of bots in the past dosen't mean the problem was ignored, It takes a long time to come up with proper ways to battle bots and also keep them away."
Eyyy look at my last two biases in EXO ^^sobwhathappened 'LOVE ME RIGHT' MV unreleased clip2_ XIUMIN&amp;CHEN Ver.
I haven't lived in Mass since he got the job. Get free tours?
It's a sad world when the truth is seen as shaming. I have a dream that one day I will be able to take up two plane seats an only have to pay for one. That my obese children will no longer be fat shamed by the doctor...
"They are ""with Her"" They know Hillary can't do it on her own."
"""anti-refundable"" ""Anti-Piracy"""
"The type of work we do is in a large area, I would normally get inbetween the two of them to separate them, or I would call only one of them over to give me a hand doing something that I don't really need a hand for, just to separate them, this works well. What about when all 3 of you worked together?"
"Remake the *whole* thing Reddit. If we could re-create the human penis again, what would you change?"
This franchise needs to distance itself from Jennifer Lawrence's Mystique. Boo! Thumbs down! This franchise needs to distance itself from Hugh Jackman's Wolverine.
I'm guessing it's to do with the sheer number of frames being produced per second on Low It's interesting that temps are actually lower on ultra.
"Year old dried ox penis Couple things: 1.) Pat's did not INVENT the cheesesteak. It has always been. 2.) Both Pat's and Gino's is garbage tier food. The steak is grey and dried out, like an undead beef jerky."
I needed this Ty op. What is a group of kids called?
"Yeah, that's what he said Actually it's free forever if you add it to your account now while it's still free."
I came here to make a similar joke. This is teaching you to be like Trump. Pay attention to deal.
How the fuck can you claim there is a working democracy in Turkey right now? It literally does mean that though. God this stupid fallout is making me defend AKP ffs.
"His mom gets the house. I hope she divorce-rape him, take the house, the kids, the dog, the car and his video games."
"You should read before posting, that has nothing to do with LoL. Introducing TSM Shadowq"
"My guess is they probably think Ramsay is adequate, but they're looking for exceptional. Yea my thoughts too. Acton was for sure going but I thought Ramsey would stick around. Not that I'm really broken up about it."
"He was a good choice, then he chose a bat-shit crazy running mate to appease his party and it most likely cost him the election. cranky old man at it again. Not sure what McCain wants. Why did the GOP ever think he was a good choice for president?"
"Sorry, didn't realise the Anti-Joke police were in this thread. There's nothing wrong with killing time. Killing yourself is the problem. Stop pussyfooting around with dangerous shit like this."
And the normalizing of absurdity continues... Paul Ryan On Trump Tweeting Lies: 'Who Cares?'
"It's understandable if it's a one time thing, but if you're making like $200 a week and spending $10 of that on lottery tickets, then we've got problems (since every 5 months, we're looking at literally a week of money just wasted). That's the exact logic I use when I buy a powerball ticket. I know the odds of winning are really low, but $2 for a chance at $200 million. I can't pass it up."
"Being intolerant of intolerance is good, or else everything would be fucked up. I don't mind religous or atheist people, I can stand intolerant people."
"""This time Microsoft will do good by the PC gamers"" ""This is the year of the Linux desktop!"""
"DM;GP What happened to ""Don't stick your dick in crazy""?"
"Whoever set up the phones was retarded I really wanna know, because every time MOCC calls me it comes up as a number from Egypt..."
I DUNNO I'VE SEEN THIS HAPPEN IN YUGIOH AND THAT NEVER ENDED WELL USE THE HEART OF THE CARDS OR SOME BULLSHIT WHY DOES YUGIOH KEEP GETTING MENTIONED IN THIS THREAD HELP I TRIED TO SEND LAMBROS BACK TO WHERE HE BELONGS I THREW HIM IN THE OCEAN WITH THE REST OF HIS FRIENDS NOW HE'S SANK TO THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN I GUESS HE CAN'T ACTUALLY SWIM WHAT DO I DO
"Your definition of blowing something up doesn't involve breaking it into small bits? The problem is that just blowing it up doesn't solve the problem - you *still* need to break it up into small enough pieces, then cart it away. That's the majority of what those five machines were doing. And if you need those machines involved anyway, you may as well just have them tear it down from its starting position."
"Read the article I think refugees need to fit into the host country, not the other way around. If a country saves your life, you owe at least that much respect."
He makes me embarrassed to be a human. It means he wants to use his religion as an excuse to hate others more freely. People like this make me embarrassed to be a christian.
Honey Mustard You want barbeque or ranch?
Third rounder who just won the hobey baker. never seen this much talk about a third round draft pick with 0 nhl experience. a third rounder. that's what you get for poaching a coach.
That's a horrible deal Nintendo 3Ds XL and Four Games! Selling on eBay!
"As far as I can tell from the back, every single person in the audience was Asian. Photos from a Burmester Audio event at Element Acoustics"
"Doing what was successful and deciding to not run Zenner was the adjustment... Where the fuck do I even begin? Caldwell and crew got out couched YET AGAIN. Yes, the refs fucking hosed us, but we couldn't even overcome those shitty calls to make it at least competitive. Why in the actual fuck did we stop running with Zenner!? We went away from our plan that worked and the coaches couldn't adjust. Dallas sure as hell did. The defense was bad, but the players in the secondary are god awful. Jackson and Bademosi shouldn't be on an active roster. Overall just such a shitty and disappointing game."
"Dogs are too unpredictable, ask any mail man. A question about dogs I work with a number of children that are Muslims. The other day a dog showed up and the kids seemed really scared of them. I assured them that the dog would not hurt them and I took them away so they would feel safe. They said that in their culture they do not have dogs as pets. I can understand that but I was wondering about why they were afraid. I suppose it would be easy to be afraid of something that is unknown to you. Is it forbidden to be around dogs? Or is it just having them for pets? Any insight I could get on this would be greatly appreciated."
"I'm just saying you're from Indiana, that's all. hey now"
"It's a cut... You don't get concussions from a cut. BS, No mandatory concussion test because this game would be OVEr if LeBron had to leave the court"
"Im here, you can PM if you want. I need some help with some girl troubles if anybody is willing to listen"
"lol no clue what that is While I appreciate the response, I was referencing a Bill Hicks comedy routine. :)"
"This is true, Alanis Morissette. She's a New Yorker."
"Last 18 months Any TWC internet customers in LA getting constant outages and slow speeds the last month? I've been having new problems with TWC cable's internet and I'm wondering if this is something people around LA are experiencing or if it's only my area. I've had constant outages and slow speeds since the start of October and I'm beginning to get frustrated with their service as of late, but with my area only offering AT&amp;T or TWC it's not much of an upgrade."
"No one said you have to but your seriously deluding yourself if you think that it doesn't help trump more then it hurts the establishment. Oh, see I didn't know I was being forced to vote for one of two people. That doesn't seem like democracy at all."
"Indigo Prophecy and Greg Hastings Tournament Paintball What are some BC games you want that you don't often see requested? There are so many good 360 games that I don't see many people requesting to see on Xbox One BC, what are yours? Mine would be: 1. Deadly Premonition 2. Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 3. Battlefield 1943 4. Bayonetta 5. Vanquish"
"Name five. That's a bunch of baloney. There are tons of mainstream artists today that put out quality, meaningful stuff."
"When was the last time you genuinely looked for updates? Did anyone else get a forced update recently, despite having disabled the automatic updates? Win7 here. The best part: it put my installation into the update loop trying to revert the changes. -.- Fixed it now, but wanted to know if anyone else had this. Happened a few daysago. Thanks!"
I'd be kind enough to give people updates every year. How does it work again? Remindme! 9 years ?
"This feels like a Turner painting Belfast, Northern Ireland"
I am taking you out of my amiibo collection BANNED FOREVER.
Foles 3/16 says I am top 6 QB. Or 3/16
"haha and your relative humidity never reaches above 40% i bet too. I remain adamant that no lawns need to be mowed beginning at 6:30 a.m. Also, I live in MN."
"The app's actually called com.supercell.magic, but close! sudo supercell.clashofclans.ban ""*prothello*"""
"Just interested, how is it bad for them? This is really bad for them. Don't."
Finally we get some English Fish n Chips! Hoxton Breakfast
"""Alright, who stuck their dick in the mashed potatoes?"" Its a great goddamn movie. The scene with him trying to eat spaghetti is classic."
F F
"They get their MRAPs for basically scrap costs and military hardware is deeply, deeply discounted. they have money for all that military gear though...."
"If Rasputin exists I wouldn't know whether to be scared or relieved Man, if Rasputin has control of a zombie virus, this makes him even more scary. I mean, SIVA was bad enough, now this?"
Your boy Clayster. Who said that?
"He also was a longshot at first I believe, and now he is the front runner. What does this mean? I don't know much about Corbyn, so will this affiliation be seen as good, bad, or neutral?"
"Alright, thank you very much! You shouldn't have a problem with the DLC's, They're digital and linked with your account."
"WAHOOWA! UVA dean gets $3M in Rolling Stone defamation trial - Victim of ""Fake News"""
damn he's good A look at Mother Teresa by Christopher Hitchens - Mother Teresa - Hell's Angel
This is one of the funniest gifs I've ever seen. First attempt at bowling
"no I don't but they've been a better team without Love, and so far, haven't lost without Kyrie What are the Cavs defensive rating without Kyrie and Love versus with them in the lineup? Anyone have these numbers?"
I use Snapchat purely for funny filters Sometimes when my husband is taking a nap I open up snapchat and use the face filters on his face while silently laughing.
Sounds like a mental break... Laval teen beaten to death with a hammer; two others injured
"Hey guys, check out this troll that has nothing more to do with his time. If i dont catch a charizard or a blastoise runs away, you damn right im gonna take my frustrations on fellow pokemon players. After a bad day of pokemon catching, it would make me feel better to throw a beverage can at a couple pokemon go players.i dont blame these people, maybe they had a bad day. I bet it makes you feel better to shout f you and toss some jack in the box trash at some people sitting around trying to take a gym. sometimes you just gotta deal with it"
$2 mil difference doesn't seem extravagant? $$
"Paint his face to match, stick him in front of a green screen, and he can disappear. Todrick's outfit tonight......"
"Treating women as equals is ""misogyny???"" Misogyny is the mother of invention."
"Yeah sorry, you can't treat me right if you can't look after yourself. I don't exercise, hygiene isn't important to me, and I can't get laid. Women, it's all your fault for choosing those Chads over me."
Are you saying that the intelligent designer could not make sperm a bit heat resistant? Isn't that because our internal temperature is too high for sperm?
There is just so much going on in this image... so much that I wish not to discuss... Does Amanda think she's cute when she makes faces like this when she talks?
"China, everything's china I always wondered where they harvested the smoke that goes in electronics."
Me and you both (UK) God damn it I'm upset with my county
"well that sure explains it all.. why my bar doesnt even fill 1 pixel now lol stage 102 atm and it takes me 30 minutes or more to complete 1 stage xD Thanks a bunch! It's not really a bonus bar; it's a damage bar with global damage multiplier (""Bonus #"") and the terribly unreliable DPS recorder conveniently placed next to it. The damage bar filling up is just an indicator how relatively strong you're hitting the enemies in your current stage. I figure its best uses are knowing how effective your tapping is and deciding when to prestige."
HEY EVERYONE IT'S CAL CHUCHESTA Memerap destroying our music
"now this leaves me wondering what a birl is... Meta-discussion: Can we please stop policing peoples' identities here? It seems like about once a week, there are posts here complaining about how there are people who identify as lesbians who are not exclusively attracted to women. Can the community just agree that these are not productive discussions to have? It always degrades into people policing other people's identities. In the best case, this is frustrating, and in the worst case, this is alienating. According to the sidebar, this is ""A place for discussions for and by cis and trans lesbians, bisexual girls, chicks who like chicks, bi-curious folks, dykes, butches, femmes, girls who kiss girls, birls, bois, and anyone else interested."" Let's keep it a place for *all* of those people mentioned in the sidebar."
"That's rich since we did fight in ww2 Oh, I know. I've met even bigger bigots than him. He was the sort of ""fuck off back to your own country but leave the curry recipe behind"" racist. Some more nuggets of ignorance from my old boss: ""Would they have fought for us in World War II?"" ""Britain is full!"" ""I can't be racist. My grandad was half Pakistani!"" The guy was and probably still is a monumental prick."
"If someone in the UFC (or any MMA organisation) is defenseless on the ground then they don't belong there in the first place... No but they end with beating the shit out of someone who is already on the ground and defenseless, right?"
"Just call Sigint at 148.41 for the deets. Could you explain the username, haven't read much Steinbeck"
...I suggest browsing the sub first Should we start Survivor's!
GT: Gnarlton Banks I would prefer the Minnesota Vikings if they are available. League Wait List
"Population control would be better than socialism. I have searched like crazy for one that appears to have been taken down. Basically, the premise was that semi-communist states were more capable of coping with ubiquitous robotics than capitalist states that lacked strong socialism with positive rights. Like, a capitalist state could do great under UR, if it could regulate markets effectively AND was guaranteeing healthcare, food, and (most importantly) education to all its citizens. It honestly was exactly what it sounds like you are looking for, but I read it a few years back and no amount of googling has turned it up."
"I'd rather not throw people under the bus, so to speak. Yes, Ron Paul does have some questionable stances, as well as some backwards views. However, relative to the current Republican party, he is an improvement. Ron Paul was one of the biggest advocates in ending the drug war, and cites racial injustice as one of his reasons for doing so. Furthermore, he constantly speaks out against US military imperialism and the infringement of privacy. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'd rather work with the libertarian camp than the current conservative one."
"Can't expect people to acknowledge the ""It's also Final Fantasy"" part without you also acknowledging the ""it's an MMO"" part :) It's an MMO, yes. Guess what. It's also Final Fantasy."
Honest equality. Our human resources manager is tolerant and fair
similar boat - had my presale ticket and was just now easily able to get another for my girlfriend + camping Same. But also had to get my cousin a weekend 1 today and was thankfully successful. Praise the lawwwd. Our first Coachella. Can't wait to see you all!
I don't really want to get into it because this cant go anywhere good. Why? There's plenty of latent racism and sexism out there and it needs to call out. Racism is more than just a black guy being lynched.
"This was my plan for my Daily UI challenge, but I only got to #19! 100 Days UI Challenge - FREE (all PSD resources and a few HTML-based version of them are FREE to download)"
"elaborate your statement neither of those are as ""fun and interactive"" as worgen otk."
"Post if you do, I'd love to see! I love this! Looks easy enough to try myself."
"Same man, I usually go out there once or twice a year to visit my father. Hey I'll be there next week. Going from 30's to 90's real quick lol."
"You don't walk much, do you? Kept this thing with me since sophomore year in high school. Almost 320 miles!"
"Okay, with what patcher and how? It is a bad idea to use a patcher to up spawn rates 500% and the spawn limit to 10000 Source: I tried this."
"I only saw two videos, and I still do too. Etho was there too"
Hitler was American by choice? So kind of like Hitler and Germany
Well they had that one game against ASU I haven't followed Wisc much. Aren't you doing well this year? And don't worry we don't play well outside of Utah.
"The dissidents? Ok, so the government is supposedly by the people and for the people right? They're a representative and governing body for the citizens. Any copyright that the government holds would be owned by the people right? So who are they going to claim is infringing their copyrights?"
"I'd like to update my answer to yes, assuming jofer would be one of your keepers. Cool. Great to hear. Thanks."
"make sure your sign reads "" We welcome fat chicks with feelings"" and ""Love Tumblr"" Well the comment section proves the cuck vote isn't in play for Ol God emperor. I will say all this time riding with the Don has taught me some business tips. I'm going to invest in some Canadian property and build American refugee safe spaces."
Uh I refuse to sign the legislation that would allow more than 8 Jan Michael Vincents This *JANuary!*
"Most of the time both are illegal, but the downloading is considered about the same as shoplifting, while uploading is considered similarly as selling stolen goods (with each upload as a separate instance of the crime). I had read somewhere that it wasn't the downloading that was punished in these circumstances but the uploading."
It's just coughing and weird faces. being forced to watch a hitlery speech is cruel and unusual punishment. time to lawyer up.
"A man farts in Tokyo, a hurricane hits L.A. The actual answer: 1) Outside, where there is a strong breeze to carry it away. The wind is the destroyer of farts. 2) Outside, where there aren't other people nearby (like, make an excuse to get something from your car). 3) Inside, in a bathroom. Sure, the bathroom will stink, but that is what they are for. Light the candle if it is someone's house. They probably have a lighter or matches under the sink. Or maybe they have some febreeze."
"Proof or downvote In the space of 1 week and under 15 cases, I have unboxed a Karambit Doppler low-float FN Phase 2, An AWP Asiimov, and a Flip Knife Doppler FN Phase 4. I've only opened around 100 cases and I've unboxed 3 knives and 2 red gun skins. I'm going to cut my dick off."
"even if that were true they still own it. Their moms bought them the skateboard, silly."
"If only there was a sunderer spot that didnt scream ""fuck me in the ass"" to every tank in the hex Gahh tough one since there are so many great bases to fight at (well Dart at for me). I would say....Echo Valley Substation on Esamir."
"Congrats. As an exMuslim, I don't care."
Source on this? A family entranced by classical music.
"8th place ): 5th. AoX - Clayster, Crowster, Sin, Surved 6th. Mutiny - Phizzurp, Kalani, LikeButta, Petrofide 7th. EnVyUs - Stainville, Proofy, Vexel, Ryu 8th. Obey - Episode, Legit, Empire, Pope"
"That works great except for the few subtle issues that likely won't cause an error, like the change in integer division Python 2: 5 / 2 == 2 Python 3: 5 / 2 == 2.5 Honestly, what I've done is write my programs as normal. If it doesn't work like I expect, do my debugging - that's when I'll find that one function that's behaving oddly, do my research, and learn that it's different. Just learning as I go along, really."
"Get out of the tribalist mindset - both sides are lying. Wait a second...the magic box tuned to Fox in my living room tells me the economy is terrible and there are no jobs. Are you telling me the millionaire pundits on that channel are lying about the terrible state of the economy which doesn't really affect them? You'll pardon me if I wait for Fox to tell me that if we are in any sort of ""recovery,"" it is due to the brave efforts of Republicans in Congress who voted against Obama's job-killing agenda, and this is just that stalwart obstructionism finally paying off."
Manage the game and it should show up in your ready to install list for the game How to install Black Ops 1 DLC on Xbox One?
"Honestly i feel i would get board after only a few hours It's going to get dull after a while, unless they bring in some kind of objective for the player. Plenty of other games are already out that already do something similar."
Should look into a subscription for returning customers like the guy above Thank you for gobbling my bottles!
"NASA? Two things: Madagascar has two ethnic groupings, one from East Africa and one from Borneo. And where do you think the austronesians originally came from? As much as I enjoy /pol, this fails even a cursory glimpse at reality."
"Bhikari checking in. There is a saying in hindi, which I fucking Love ever since I heard it a few years ago: ""gaanv basa nahin, bhikari pehle pahunch gaye"" Meaning, ""the village has barely been founded, but the beggars are already making their rounds"" I love it cause I'm reminded of this whenever I see any kind of randirona."
"sock puppet accounts to help sway opinion Reddit, why do you guys keep making new accounts?"
"mhm. Oh I'm sorry, those have been shown in the patch notes?"
Unfortunately you lived. You're contributing to the generation of pussies. I did this as a kid and it was one of my best memories.
"People know they have something to hide, they do this because to them this is just routine hush money... they won't change. I wonder if he would like to say that to the victims of human trafficking? What kind of harm does that do, is investigating human trafficking a sin? Is it like eating shit if you are a victim of sexual child abuse? Is he referring to the fake news the mainstream media pushed in regards to WMD's in Iraq? Pedo Podesta, worth defending? That just makes the Vatican look guilty of pedo cover up, and isn't that what he said he would investigate and have no tolerance for? Didn't he apologise to the victims? How sincere is his apology if he has no respect for a crowd sourced investigation of facts. That is what must be scaring them so much. The ability to come together and work united investigationaly to uncover the truth. If they have nothing to hide why try so hard to stop the facts from being presented?"
Whom. for who exactly?
"They shouldn't have added Fez, it was already in another bundle not too long ago. Humble Indie Bundle 11 add new games for BTA buyers : Fez, Starseed Pilgrim, Beat Buddy"
"what a dick. For gods sake, you're (apparently) LEM and you can't figure this basic shit out? I swear to you if you just go into an offline empty server for ten minutes you will figure out how to do it. No verbal description of 'how to do it' will be able to teach you as well as just going and fucking doing it - you already know the principle, just go and try. Right now."
But..buuut... they told me doom countered everything... tranquils are the best counter for doom!
They look like those plastic toy soldiers. Singapore Army Leopard 2SG
Plot twist: Turistas processam GDF por propaganda enganosa da chama eterna Propaganda enganosa.
"goofypls Mickey Mouse is sitting at a bar crying his eyes out. ""Don't take it so hard"" says the bartender. ""So your wife is acting a little silly. So what? It's no big deal."" Mickey looks up angrily. ""I didn't say she was acting silly, I said she was FUCKING GOOFY!"""
"Oh shit yeah thats a thing that happened! ''Haha, that's my son !'' ""Yea....Eric Clapton had one too. Look it up sometime."""
Justin Bieber What's something that your country is known for which embarrasses you?
"It's just the tip of the sex jokes I think, but sometimes I'm just thinking cum on guys you can make some jokes about other topics, at least they've stopped making vagina jokes for a period of time Am I The Only One? Am I the only one that thinks the Gamegrumps are making waaaaay too much penis and sex-jokes lately? It's kinda annoying me...."
I feel this way tbh #TEAMPOPPLIO Rowlet isn't even that cute.
"you can just add [[confuse]] in the beginning to swap ur stats to 5/7 Correction: Deathwing is just a Yogg that always casts [[Twisting Nether]] , [[Astral Communion]] , and self-target casts [[Mark of Y'Shaarj]] (+2/+2), [[Power of the Wild]] (+1/+1), [[Power Word: Shield]] (+0/+2) and [[Cold Blood]] (+4/+0). Result is a 10 mana 12/12 Yogg that discards your hand and clears the board. **EDIT** - For some reason I thought Yogg was a 5/7 (was probably thinking of N'Zoth) instead of 7/5. Also, I'm too lazy to fix my spell list so you'll just have to deal with that. Someone else can make another correction to this if they'd like. I'm supposed to be working right now anyways.."
It looks like she's lost the will to live. My brother sent me a picture of his dog in her Halloween costume.
"You're a good person to make that decision in your dogs' best interest. That's what some dogs do when they are bored and left alone. I absolutely loved my dogs, but when the recession hit and I lost everything and ended up losing my house with the fenced yard where they could roam all day (when they didn't roll with me- I owned a construction company and a lot of the times they would just roll around with me- they were great truck-bed dwellers and good about staying in the truck and not harassing passers by), and I had to leave the rural island I lived on and moved to Honolulu where I would work a 9 to 5 and they would have had to be penned up in a small yard all day- I couldn't do that. So I got a buddy of mine who owns an organic produce farm to take them on, as his dog had just died and the remaining dog was very lonely. They even got to do the same morning routine with him that they did with me- get up at dawn and go haul him around on his skateboard. Funny coincidence. I miss them, but I'm glad they are living it up in the country rather than spending their days in a small yard in the city, waiting for me to come home. But anyhow- no- you aren't the asshole- this person should probably not have a dog."
"Excuse me m'gentlesir but as an INTJ, I am offended. Internet Dating: How to"
o/ \o
"Why does Fitz always wear his helmet... ""Wrong helmet, Case"""
That's just musical theater fandom in general Weird ugly man likes singer.
"Hooooolyyyy shit. The white supremacist, trump supporting, self proclaimed ""nice guy"""
"It's a mixture of both. I upvoted because you're right in the sense that humour is subjective, but sometimes I question whether these people genuinely think this is hilarious or are purely trying to be edgy and fit in because they think death is cool or something."
"I read that in Clint Eastwood's voice, which makes everything better The Detroit Automotive Group....It's half-time America."
"The idiots will never understand that, Sir. assault style weapons, for fucks sake, semi auto rifles are not assault guns."
"I think it was him overcoming his self preservation instinct and diving headlong into harms way. It wasn't a pause of ""do I try to save them"" it was a pause of calculating where the car was going, and where to dodge to. You don't want to grab the kids and pull them INTO the car's path by misjudging where the car is going."
its not out yet. Waluigi wa
"I have been considering upgrading to EVGA GTX 980Ti for few months, I guess I have to buy it now My 670 fried a while back, EVGA sent it back within a month and it has worked for 3 years since. Highly recommend them!"
Arma 3 and I've also gotten into modded Skyrim. What's your favorite video game?
Your mom. Your face.
I think he's spun things so hard that he can't tell reality from fantasy with all these alliances he keeps saying are totally good. LI3 IS A GOOD ALLIANCE - ENDIE 2014
Tim McGraw and Faith Hill What pair of famous people would disappoint you the most if you found out they actually hate each other?
"If it's working then don't comment, or at least add more substance than ""mine works"". FYI My PS4 works perfectly!"
"While they are at it, please also consider the golf courses around la parouse, little bay and long bay... Botany Bay proposal to convert Eastlake Golf Course into major public park"
"With Riddick out, I'm leaning towards Rivers now after initially being on the side of Stafford Rivers at Carolina Stafford vs Chicago 6 pts passing tds"
Even on reddit you can find someone to tell you that facts are racist. im hella conflicted but then again these are facts
Clothing brands will come and go and if this guy he wants to know what is future is going to look like and how to keep his business going he needs to take a trip to Fredericton and talk with the guys that started Freddy Beach / Coastal Graphics. East Coast Lifestyle expands clothing operation in Halifax
Send nudes of America? Is this considered bribe?
"Yes. My first time. But would it work? It wouldn't exactly be my first time over and over, would it?"
"Level 12 FTFY That's only 2 matches don't worry. But overall playing right after season reset is risky. I don't want to appear in one of those ""Let's rekk some 3k kids with my lvl11 rocket siege"""
"Thanks for the tip! heh my how to is to get a lawyer, you don't have to pay for anything unless you get approved, and then only from your backpay. And then only up to 25% of it. For me it was worth it. The system is just too complicated to navigate on our own."
"Sounds like your son mighta caught the Gay from one of them *LIEberal* professors! Those damn elitist unrelatable college grads! Ever since my son went to college I just can't relate to him. He talks about things like *polynominals*, and *statismics!* What have those liberals done to him?!"
browsing new and reposting? oh god... ohnonono- AW HELL NO!
Me too thanks Its not confused its try to confuse you.
Sigh. American Volunteer who confronted Biden spreads false propaganda about Turkey and FSA
Truer words were never spoken. idk im pretty sure it never gets better. People are still assholes no matter what mmr bracket it is
"no Is it true that i can overclock with my Asus H97M-E? So if I upgrade to, say, a 4790k, would I be able to overclock as if I had a Z97 board?"
go have fun against egg. Literally any weapon can beat hattori
"I've got a friend who worked at EA (his company got bought by them) he's nothing but nice things to say about working there. I want to get into the games industry and my biggest fear is having to work for EA, Ubisoft, or Activision."
":) If his details were leaked, he would be one terrible ninja, yeah?"
"No, I'm not mad, I was just pointing out the fact that you're correcting what is likely a made up story. So are you mad that I contradicted it or are you just trolling me? Because yes I was saying the opposite of the bible but if it is the second really?"
10-Oct Epic Funny Headshot
What church bulletin did you read that off of? Current stem cell therapy is primarily unproven and pseudoscience.
"Guillermo del Toro- well at least he was nominated for ""Pan's Labyrinth"" Leo aside, who, alive or dead, really deserves/deserved an Oscar and doesn't have/never got one?"
Voice activated. I bet that folder's on a hair trigger.
This would be cool as an APNG. Possibly dead cat
"sounds like the amd stock cooler I've slept through airplanes taking off, I don't think this is an issue..."
"I understand the reason to it, I am saying that it isn't a solution. That person put pillars there because a drop or resource spawned there and he didn't want some noob coming along and building there."
So the team with the least amount of fans? ELI5 Which team had the classiest fans and why is it not the Warriors?
Aren't we all... Pfft Toms totally a PS guy
/vomit I'm an American. I've added something new to my wall
"Fizz actually loses the match up Try picking a champ with some mobility/escapes. For example, Fizz can use his E or Zed can use his W. If she hits the Q, just be ready and fight back potentially. Also, try to stick close to your tower so she can't all in you."
Stale Anon really fucked up this time
"I completely agree on both points Can this offense succeed without a bona fide #1 receiver? Remember that was the mentality last year before KB proved himself to be a legit first option. I guess we should sign someone, but there might be talent on the roster already. Or we should trade to bring back Smitty."
"Lmao put Darshan/Xmithie on IMT and they'd be worse than S5 CLG and wouldn't do any better than 13-5 record. darshan/xmithie seemed to give them a run for their money, (even in the game where CLG lost, they were evenly matched top lane)"
"I was gonna say, it looks like an injected advertisement that failed You might want to do a malware scan (e.g. Malwarebytes)? Things like that can sometimes be a symptom of malware injecting itself into your Google search results."
"Goddamn ""gotcha journalist""! Government Official has no idea what she is banning (x-post r/cringe)"
"I unironically like all of these suggestions. In my opinion, it's very important to understand the roles of what is above and below BCs, namely, cruisers and BSes. Once you know that, find a niche (or larger) that BCs could fill. Obviously, cruisers will always be faster than BCs, so there's no point in asking too much of a speed buff. BSes should probably be tankier than BCs, so again, can't buff their tank too much either. We may need to compare the DPS between BCs and Cruisers, in my opinion, this may be the place where there is the most breathing room. BCs could probably use a DPS buff. What I would like to suggest as a new ""theme"" for BCs however, would be stamina/endurance/durability. IMO, the best thing you could do to them, would be to buff their capacitor. That may sound weird, but if BCs had, say, a noticeable edge in terms of capacitor compared to BSes and Cruisers, it might make a noticeable difference. I'm talking about a capacitor buff large enough that you could run invulns and a MWD without having to also equip a cap booster, for instance. In the same vein, I would also recommend giving them a sizeable cargo hold... Although in that case, an entire cargohold rebalance might be needed, because for instance the Svipul has more hold than some BCs... So... WTF? Maybe also buff their EHP in the form of a structure HP buff? This way they gain some survivability, without having too much overlap with BS level of tanking, because hull can't be repped (for all intents and purposes) in a fight. And finally, taking inspiration from the frigate / destroyer differences, make sure that they have more range than cruisers. Thoughts?"
Serious question: is all this negative feedback about comcast affecting them at all? Comcast gives ZERO F*cks : Install job at my buddies new place.
"I want to best athletes science can create! Extreme Olympics - all anti-doping regulations are dropped, street drugs are permitted. Let's see what modern pharmaceuticals can do to the 100m sprint world record when everyone's hopped up on steriods and uppers."
"your Weird how you're best days follow some of your worst I day 9 today of my streak which is nothing to write home about, but still progress. I've been doing no fap for almost 2 years now I find that when I'm really struggling, like depressed, tired, angry, all discombobulated etc. is when I'm really growing. And I think that because I notice that some of my best/most successful days come right after some of my most shirt days. These past 9 have been bad for. Just struggling and really stressed with work. Last night I was so backed up at work I stayed till 830 trying to catch up, head ache, dry mouth, eyes strained, pissed because of losing deals. And i still wasn't able to finish everything I needed. I went home dejected and passed out. This morning woke up feeling completely different. Took a cold shower meditated, went into work and got busy right away. And deals have just started rolling in. Like idk what changed but it's like the universe is throwing me a bone for sticking it out not fapping. Maybe I'm off but I feel like we should value those really difficult days."
soo.. zero? I'm sure a lock of puns are coming!!
"""That's not fair, I didn't say time-in!"" J.R Smith talks to Jason Terry during game, gives up wide-open layup"
"Maybe people pick players from when we were a big club because those players were good enough to make us a ""big"" club. Just as I thought, most people on here pick players from 2005- on-wards because they only started supporting Chels when they started becoming a ""big"" club."
Excited to see what Flynn can do. Matt Flynn and Doug Baldwin are getting to know each other | ProFootballTalk
Turtle combat! Cleaning out some old shoeboxes when...
Those veins are disgusting He died doing what he loved.
"So my 7 is even more painful g13+, not every good player bothers grinding soloqueue"
"That would mean having to read the Star , no thanks But top of my head -- The Rob Ford buying parkland , that had that idiot star reporter peeking over the fence and that whole thing came to nothing , the Fords getting their Printing company parking lot paved by the City , again BS and the paving of the Church parking lot that the Ford Mother attends , was also a faux scandal ... Just normal gutter Journalism from the Star, unless it is a Liberal then the fawning never stops I mentioned 3 items and all 3 stuck... so thats 100%... Please find one article from the star that was completely made up, and you cannot use testimony from either of the Fords as proof that it was made up. Even if you don't post it, do the research and become informed."
281 Mike Jones?
Because her aim is getting better And were mever going down by the leks of u
"Vasque Sundowners Reddit, what shoes do you wear? I have about 5 or 6 pairs, but most days I just rock a pair of adidas superstars. They're comfy and go with everything. Extra karma for pics!"
"Pretty much, yeah. This is so cute. If a woman told me she was a fan of my fiction I'd probably explode."
Shitting Jizzing Driving at high speeds What would be 1000% times scarier in reverse?
"The only reason I've been trying to reduce, or at least think about, my nic level is because if it becomes illegal I will be screwed. 1 1/3 year vaping and not tapering off Just wondering, does anyone else view vaping like I do? I'm not planning on quitting vaping ever, and I don't plan on decreasing my nic level below the 18mg I vape now. I view it as the perfect replacement for my 14 year+ smoking habit of a pack a day. I've solved the problems of stinking, of harming my kids, of breathing difficulties. Why would I taper off, why would I stop? it's way too enjoyable! Does anyone here agree with this, or is everyone trying to eventually quit?"
"I too hated the prox mine only cause I couldn't afford it, then I worked my ass off for that GP to perm it and now I won't leave home without it. Ah you're one of those people :P I'm often in the top 3, so my loadout doesn't need to change much - use whatever works :] I have been trying to get into sniping more just as a chance of pace but I don't change-up much."
S U O L A I S E T P O J A T P E R K E L E B O Y Z
Tree fiddy How much did you pay them?
"If his stance on the NSA, which is probably informed by the national security report he receives daily that you have no idea about, is the main reason you can call somebody ""not a good man"" then your priorities are beyond repair 2008 ""nsa and spying is bad. I'm going to stop it."" After being elected: ""uh, yea I am not gonna follow through with that. Actually, I'm going to do the opposite."" No, he is not a good man. I thought he was too, until he finally got in office."
"At the time it will become operational we will have four GPS to choose from: Navstar (USA), Glonass (Russia), Compass (China) and Galileo (EU/EEA/ESA). What happened to the Galileo GPS? A few years ago I heard about the european project to build its own GPS system, the Galileo. What happened to it? Will it be available soon?"
"Rick Santorum Dear,"
"well, from (recent) experience, it works swimmingly in a vest pocket. I'd definitely wear a ringtop around my neck if I were female. It's hard to find a factory original ribbon, though (although I'd probably wear a modern reproduction to avoid damaging a fragile original)."
I would if I were them. Are the Rams going to use all 10 minutes just to screw around?
"With the original, no, although most games you needed to be able to see the main screen somehow I never did get the first pack but was interested. I just have one question if someone could answer it for me please. Does everyone who wants to play this game need to own it if you're playing with friends online?"
I won't believe it until Frankie tells me Heat warning in effect for triple-digit temps starting Thursday through this weekend.
Yes Oh ok so like steam version?
"I mean this in the most respectful way possible, your sister looks *gorgeous* I've never seen my sister so happy."
Hello there new MOD :D I flaired it SDK so no one will hopefully be confused.
you win this sub. Sweet Porsche.
Most Lafayette people are a bit salty towards LSU. Used to go to Avery Island when visiting my grandparents. They were were in Lafayette. My grandpa also apparently thought LSU was snooty.
"I love hearing ""SpazKID"" Can't not hear it like Captain Dickhead says it. JOHN-NY U-TAH"
Jaitely's wings have been finally clipped. LOL! I **love** this guy!
"There's that, but more importantly, it's because cyclists tend not to follow the rules of the road and then give drivers attitude when they nearly get themselves killed. Sometimes bikers block the road for cars. Because roads generally have no bike lane and drivers aren't aware you're supposed to bike in the road."
In front of who.. stfu man you're embarrassing yourself
I'm kinda glad someone else out there knows this lol sorry about your fingers though. Until you run over your fingers by accident since the chair has no arms.
The beard will hide a lot as long as it isn't grey. He looks oldest in 2008 somehow.
There are 10 of them vs 6 CAAD10 this. CAAD10 that. Why no love for my SuperSix Evo??? Anybody want a bro deal on a 2014 supersix? I can't take the harassment anymore at the cafe.
"I read about a paedophile ring involving west minster MPs and a very recent prime minister (hint: the last one in power) about 2 years ago on one of these ""tin hat"" websites the story was dismissed as rubbish and buried, I guess there was some truth to it afterall Claims that boys were murdered by VIP sex ring are credible and true - British Police"